



The Sword and the Circlet: Leaving Home

By Ron Wiltrout

Copyright 2012 Ron Wiltrout

Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Prologue

The faces appeared somber, the thin lines of age made thicker by the shifting shadows thrown out by the flames. Around the fire they stared as one at the young man, one of the last in their village. The first spoke and raised a hand for the young warrior to stop as he began to don the heavy plate armor.
“Do not,” he ordered. “You’ll be roasted alive. It matters not how well the hardest metals turn a blade or shatter a bolt. The armor may deflect the flames, but it will also absorb the heat and you’ll wish you were without it in the end. It would turn into an oven with you inside. A most miserable death. Wear only the leathers.”
“Aye, but use the iron shield,” another interjected. “Wood will do you no good. Heavy the iron is, yes, but it will take much to crack it. The wood bracing will act as a good barrier between the shield and your arm. When the time comes, you make yourself as small as can be behind the shield and you’ll be glad for the extra weight then.”
“And take the highest point you can find,” a third instructed. “Make him come up to you. It is always better to attack with downhill momentum; easier to defend if your foes must make the long journey uphill. A blow falling from higher above always lands that much heavier.”
“Aye, and strike quickly. If he deigns speak with you, close your mind to what words would be uttered and silence his tongue. He is the last and may implore you to accept an offering of peace. This cannot be,” the fourth asserted.
“Aye, lad, his words will be honeyed as the sweetest mead, but what you get in the end is old wine that has gone to vinegar. For all the pleasantness of the bees’ humming, they will still sting,” the fifth observed. 
The sixth man around the fire, the young man’s grandfather, stood mute.
Thus the old warriors discussed at some length on how to meet a dragon; not that they had ever done so themselves, dragons were that rare. But the centuries of warfare carried in their scarred old bodies should count for something. Hawkil nodded at each new instruction hoping these minute movements of his head enough to hide his nervousness. Each warrior that went before him had departed thus, laden with these good advices.
And not one had ever returned.
And the dragon was not satisfied. Still it came on frigid nights lighting the sky with red fire, destroying the villagers’ homes, devouring the livestock, and carrying away the unwary as they fled the destruction.
Hawkil stood on the mountainside enjoying the last heat of the dwindling fire, the old warriors surrounding him. Their eyes flickered with as much doubt as faith.
“Use this to call him.”  His ancient grandfather’s voice was grim. “It is not much, but it is all that we have left, just as you are all the hope we have left. It will be enough.” 
Hawkil accepted the large sword, wondering at the faint sheen of the golden blade; the last wealth of his people.
“Let the gold carry your voice and he will come. And when he does, you give him this gold where it will do the most damage.”  The old man’s lips curled into a vague smile, an expression without mirth.
Hawkil slung the blade on his back where it clattered against the iron shield draped across a shoulder. One warrior should not be burdened so with two weapons such as these, he thought. But there was little to be done; he needed both, and hoped for the chance to use both. The shield stood three quarters of his height though to carry it felt like toting every stone out of which the iron was mined. He knew if he pounded it hard enough, rusty flakes would litter the ground around it. The sword, he thought wryly, made a fine compliment to the shield. It too was long and heavy, thick and unwieldy. He would use his spear as a walking stick. It would also be used for his first attack. Laden with weapons and shield, heavy woolen clothes beneath the leathers, and food for the two day journey, he climbed.
For most of a day his path wound upward, passing beyond the snow line. When he camped for the night, cold and exhaustion made a fire difficult and he cursed the howling winds and the thinning air. After a thin, half-cooked meal, he banked what wood he could find against the fire and wrapped himself as best he could. The heavy shield proved useful in reflecting the heat back at him and keeping the wind away, but his sleep was still broken as the cold found its way in. Several times he stirred the fire’s embers, each time bedding closer to the diminished flames.
Morning dawned and he continued to climb. As the sun reached its zenith, he began to search the summits above for the place he would make his stand and decided on a projected outcropping, a snowy, rocky shelf, hovering just below where the mountain’s sides began to steepen. Wide enough, he decided, that the dragon wouldn’t simply blow him off the mountain with the beating of its wings. He hid his remaining food and felt foolish: he didn’t anticipate returning. If the wolves came this high, they could have what he left.
He pulled himself up to the shelf, his chest clamoring to draw air. An advantage, he was told, as the dragon needed air for his fire. Loose flakes swirled around his boots. The leather felt too thin; the wool already sodden. The ice clung to the hide laces of his boots, the heavy stitches of his coat. A chewing numbness threatened to consume his feet. He stamped until his soles ached. The wind caught his long hair, snatched the leathern cap from his head. He watched it float on the strong currents and disappear into the depths over the side of the mountain. Snow clung to his shoulders. It trickled into his collar despite the tight knot he’d tied to draw it together.
To his left another peak extended vertically, its jagged pinnacle lost in mist. Fine flakes of snow blasted from that high point and flew like a rampant cloud across the sky. The stony wall rose sheer, its face cracked and gray and decorated with the shininess of ice shards. Many of the icicles stretched several times Hawkil’s height, their points sharp and threatening. Patches of shattered rock were suspended in the frozen surface of the wall.
Hawkil jammed his spear into the packed snow, the blade throbbing in the gusts and pointing at the unfriendly skies above. The sword slid free of its scabbard, the gold nowhere near as luminous as he’d first believed it when it shone next to the fire. The guard was overlarge, meant for gauntleted hands. He wore only woolen gloves. It would serve well enough to protect his wrists from flame, he decided. For a time at least. He put the pommel beneath his chin and spoke along the faint glimmer of the flat blade. The words seemed to float on the air, an echo that was reluctant to fade. He dropped the shield into the packed snow. The heavy buckler struck the ground with an icy spray. He drove the sword tip into the snow and sought shelter from the winds behind the overlarge shield; he settled in to wait.
“Your offering is poor,” the dragon observed. It had approached unheard, the thunderous flapping of its wings mixing with the gusting winds. Its voice was an insidious whisper slicing through the howling torrent. It seemed as if the maelstrom abated in the dragon’s presence. “Your blade carries but a counterfeiting of what it would pretend. My poor fellow, I see that you are ignorant to your plight. The weapon you’ve brought wears but a tiny sheath of gold, all that your impoverished race could scrape together, no doubt.”
Hawkil turned slowly at the voice. A sudden move would certainly be met with attack and he couldn’t be sure how close the dragon was. The beast was twenty strides away, its voice piercing in the thin air. Huge flakes were driven against the large body. Hawkil saw the flakes strike and turn instantly to water, sliding oily over the blue-green scales.
“Enough to draw you near, worm,” he breathed. 
The dragon cocked its head, something resembling a smile playing across its features. “Oh, come, come. Must our discourse degenerate to the hurling of names and insults already? I have yet to threaten you.”  The dragon turned a fiery green-flecked eye to the blade again. It stared for a long moment and sighed. “But then again, I have come far for so little. And in such miserable weather. I guess I should have expected a certain crudity. You voice did not resonate the richness of true wealth; I should have known. But here you’ve come adorned in all your battle accoutrements, paltry as they seem, and cold, no doubt. Most come to me in plate or ring with helms and gauntlets and all that, worthless as it is. I come as only myself, for… for idle curiosity, let’s say, perhaps a chance to make certain amends.”
“You cannot amend the slaughter of …”
“Of men at arms?  Children?  Mothers with babes at their breast?  Virginal sacrifices and all that. Or maybe you’re only concerned with those cows and pigs your folk grow so fat. So deliciously fat…  No, no, no, my poor fellow. I wouldn’t make amends for such, or for your friends and family. Consuming them was a pleasure I’d no sooner renounce than my love of gold. If there are any amends to be made, it is for allowing an insect like you to arouse me with your weak call, your meaningless wealth. Had I not been called from the warmth of my den to come out in this dreadful weather, I would have merely chastised you and sent you back to your squalid little village until your feeble band stole enough gold to make my next visit worthwhile. Alas.”  The dragon breathed deeply as if the situation were truly regrettable.
Hawkil foresaw that the sigh was a cover for the dragon’s first blast of flame. The exhalation was rife with gas and sulfurous odor. He dove to his knees behind the massive shield as the steaming vapors engulfed where he stood. The heat curled around the iron edges singing the sleeves of his tunic. A woolen glove caught and he shook it out quickly. The snow began to melt all around the precarious sanctuary. Hawkil snatched for the shield before it toppled.
“Come,” the dragon screamed in mock fury, “is this not the reason you’ve climbed all this way?  To die like so many before you!  Paupers contributing but little to my horde!  The flesh from their bones was more satisfying!”
Hawkil lifted the shield. Radiant heat rose in waves from the seared iron. He stepped back, putting his spear in reach. The dragon crouched, now fifteen paces away, its sides heaving in the thin air.
“But now it seems you tire of the game though it’s barely begun,” the draconic voice purred. A brief laugh rumbled from its chest.
The dragon’s teeth gleamed as silvery as moonlight on still water, burned clean of the offal on which it fed. There was something beautiful about the milkiness of those fangs. The mouth snapped open and shut, aping Hawkil’s gasping breaths.
The next exhalation was greater than the first. The wind caught at the flame. Though the aim was poor, the heat knifed through. Hawkil felt the wooden braces grow hot on his forearm and saw tendrils of smoke curling from their edges. The shield began to glow red. The ground beneath him turned muddy as the snow melted. His hair first singed, then began to smoke. Slapping the flames made his ears ring. He could feel the skin of his face grow flush with the intensity of the gas and scorching waves. His eyes watered. He gasped as the air around him was sucked away in the fierce heat. It seemed the tempest would never end. The cold air that blasted him before was gone completely in the presence of the dragon’s unquenchable inferno. And suddenly the flames and fumes fell away.
The shield seemed to waver with the emanating heat . He cast it aside and it hissed angrily as is struck the snow. A cloud of steam slid from beneath it, blasted to oblivion in the wintry storm that seemed revitalized although he no longer felt it. His left arm was burned, a great waxy strip of skin sizzled with a sound and smell that threatened to take his stomach. The already thin air seemed almost non-existent, and his head grew dizzy. He grasped blindly for the spear behind him. The fire-tempered shaft smoked and burned the back of his hand. The burn helped clear the fuzziness.
The dragon rose before him, its mouth open not in mockery now, but furiously drawing breath. Its leathery wings half beat the air as if to create their own atmosphere. The wind from those flashing wings proved barely more powerful than the frigid blasts of the mountain air and Hawkil was glad for the wideness of the shelf. He could see the crusted tail lashing about, presaging the whipping slash that was to come. His hand gripped the spear. The tail scraped and slithered, a thing with its own devious intention. It dashed against the mountain side, breaking away slabs of stone and the great jagged icicles. Hawkil heard the rumbling of fallen rock and shattering ice, the tumultuous riot only an avalanche could create. A glance showed the leeward side of the mountain sliding away.
“You stand defiant yet.”  The dragon’s gasping words were low, evil, unbelieving. “Are you incapable of running?  Have I fused your legs together?  Melted your bones perhaps?  That arm appears to be dripping a bit. Do you wish a more merciful end yet?”
Hawkil could see the mouth coming, the rows of luminous teeth, the flickering tongue as if the dragon would taste before it devoured. The jaws were opening, the head turning for the one conclusive snap of milky teeth that would end their confrontation. Hawkil pulled the spear from the frozen ground and heaved it into the gaping maw. His hand felt torn as the burning shaft left his fingers. The dragon, ever quick, pulled its head away, turning to avoid the missile fluting through the frosty air. Too slow the reaction came. The thin, cold air had made the dragon heavy and lethargic; the spear sailed past tongue and teeth and bit into the rippling, black roof of its mouth, the barbed point coming out just below the eye.
The scream was deafening.
Web-like wings shuddered and danced to different tunes, failing to work together, failing to lift the dragon above its misery. The tail slashed in every direction, shattering all it touched, spraying snow in its wake. Rock and ice pummeled the huge body. More than one of the sharp icicles sliced along the heaving back. Reptilian legs reached to pull the barbed spear out, expanding the wound, those same legs growing weaker with each desperate tug as the blades refused to be drawn and the stones and ice continued to tumble.
Hawkil rushed forward, the sword snatched in bloodied hands from where it lay in a freezing puddle. He avoided the first kicking leg, but was knocked aside by the serpent’s head, thrashing in the throes of its pain. The rush of snow over his heated body was an agonizing balm. The places that were burned the worst lived again as if the freezing snow kindled fire, but those burned less so were soothed, cold even. He struggled to his feet and approached the odious beast. The dragon’s legs had faltered. Its wings were splayed and quivering, the thin flesh rippling in the harsh wind. Only the tip of the tail still twitched. The long neck and head lay on the snowy ground. The body was beaten, its once gleaming sides beginning to dull. The bellows of the dragon’s breathing seemed almost stilled.
“You would kill me now?  Insult to my injuries?”  The voice came low and forlorn, wronged, slightly slurred. Hawkil watched the glittering green eye, almost as large as an archer’s half buckler. A sly gleam of calculation, measuring, shone there. He raised the sword as the head lashed toward him. He had no need to lunge. The dragon’s attack did the work for him. He felt the tip of the blade just pierce the edge of the fiery eye before he was swept from his feet and landed several strides away, the sword thrown he knew not in which direction. He looked and saw that he’d nearly been thrown from the mountain; he’d landed within a few paces of the edge.
The wild thrashing of the dragon began anew and a horrific screeching wail echoed among the mountaintops. The tail smashed against the cliff wall again, bringing a pile of ice and stony debris down. Hawkil crawled away on hands and knees and cowered in the minimal shelter of an upthrust boulder until the dragon’s violent flailing was reduced to spiritless convulsing. The dragon lay half buried in ice and stone, its wings torn, its legs twisted at awkward angles. It seemed to Hawkil that every bone in his own body hurt and every inch of his flesh was scorched. He rubbed snow between his aching hands and brought it to his heat grimed face, his cracked lips.
“I am the last of my kind.”  The malice was gone from the voice, replaced with accusation and unmistakable resignation. “Blinded now, I shall never rise again.”
“I would thank the gods for that, but they made your kind. There is nothing I am grateful to them for this day!”  Hawkil kept his distance and shouted through his bleeding lips.
“Not even the life you still have?”
“Not even that. I stood alone here.”  Hawkil crept nearer. He could see where the eye had been punctured and the fluids had run over the scaly cheekbone. Only a fraction of the eye remained open, but it was dimming, lifeless. He crossed his arms gingerly, his fingers seeking the warmth of his armpits. The gnawing cold bit at him again, his toes again tingling within the thin leather of his boots. He’d forgotten the cold in the few moments of the dragon’s inferno.
The pain was sudden. He looked to his feet and found the dull gleam of the sword blade half buried in the drift forming on the leeward side of the felled beast. His wooden toes throbbed from the unexpected encounter. Gingerly, cautiously he lifted the sword noting the scratches in the thin layer of gold, the dull steel beneath: so little to die for.
“Know that I am not alone in the curse I set upon you then,” the dragon hissed. “The gods you believe in and disdain will hear me. Your life will be long and empty. The niggling wealth you used to bring me here is as much as you shall ever have. Your children and their children will know the pinch of poverty as well. You will remember this day, not as a triumph, but as the day you ruined your fate. Your descendents will curse you and this day. Kill me now and be done with it!”
Hawkil stood next to the unmoving head wondering that it no longer seemed so large. With a motion fluid from the hours of practice and contests, he swept the blade through the half opened mouth. The blade sank into the corner and met the hinge of the jaw. He would not have the creature’s mouth speak or exhale its brimstone again. He had to place an icy boot against the fluid crusted socket to pull the sword out. Another whistling sweep of the blade and the hinge of the jaw snapped.
Amazement settled over him that the opened mouth did not clap shut, but remained half open as if the dragon grinned at some sly insult tendered to his vanquisher. Hawkil pulled and felt the sword held fast, the blade lodged inside the toothy cave. He jumped back as a final sigh funneled its way through the dragon’s throat. Flames danced between the teeth, the force of the sigh strong enough to create the withering fire, but not to send it forth to consume anything. As the flames died and the immense body seemed about to settle in upon itself, he reached for the sword and immediately recoiled. The pommel left a new burn on the palm of his hand. He dumped snow on the pommel until the snow ceased to melt and pulled again at the stuck sword. It came away after several sturdy tugs that made his fingers and palm ache anew. 
It came away changed; no trace of the gold plating remained on the blade. The iron was almost white from the heat of the dragon’s final blast and reminded Hawkil of nothing so much as one of the dragon’s moon inspired teeth. He dropped it into the snow where the blade sputtered and spit at the sudden coolness. Back there, within the dragon’s mouth, was the wealth of his people: thin drops of gold that he had sunk into the dragon where it would do the most damage.
He could see the dull glint where the drops ran from the blade and landed in a slight depression on the serpent’s tongue. Already the molten drops were hardening into the shape of a crude circle, a thing that he would take back to his village. They would fashion it into a proper crown and celebrate him and make songs based on his account. But he would return a man destined to live the rest of his life as the king of nothing, whose heirs would inherit the same.

Chapter 1: In the Water Willow’s Branches

The water willow was the grandest old tree in sight for miles in any direction. The tree’s green, feathery tops swayed in the breezes that swept down out of the west, humming a song that drifted throughout the elves’ realm. Squirrels and colpicts lived in these upper branches, darting in tune to their rapid heartbeats despite the peacefulness of the tree. Down below, the stronger arms and the trunk of the willow barely sighed even when the winds became strong enough to chase the squirrels into shelter. Up close could be seen the scars that had been made on the stouter branches and the gashes that had been notched into the trunk, reminders of the times of war when even the trees were unsafe.
The elves called the old tree Mirimah, the Elder Sister, and lounged in her rocking limbs of a warm evening singing to the stars wavering above. They sang with the soft quietness of parents soothing children to sleep and the tree repaid their kindness with tangled bowers of comforting leaves to rest upon and a protective canopy overhead. Through her roots, she sang to the other trees and the elves made their beds among their lofty crowns, singing sweetly with the leaf song and laughing in their jolly elfin way when the wind carried their nests far out over the water.
And mornings, the elves would occasionally find gifts tangled within the lowest boughs of Mirimah, often strange, curious gifts that had been carried down on the shoulders of the river from the distant, foreign lands to the north. The Elder Sister always surrendered these curiosities to the graceful, gentle fingers of the elves, contented by their light touch and quieting words. Each piece found was examined with delight like puzzle boxes or riddles sent from afar, and indeed, many of the items found had traveled long before stopping in the willow’s branches. The elves saved such pieces to savor and ponder about until the eldest among them could be called upon to identify these prizes and explain their purposes. Even then, the pieces were kept and cherished as contacts with the outside world that the elves had long ago retreated from. Many seasons had passed since the elves had seen or had contact with another race. The last time had been with the goblins.
The younger elves could be made to shudder at the thought of the goblins, small, pot-bellied creatures with piggy eyes and brutish, tangled hair. The goblins lived on the other side of the river and away to the north where the forest thinned, many days’ trek away. They lived in caves and dug deep into the hills in their search for gold. They hacked at trees, disgusted by all except the most barren landscapes, and they despised the river’s cool green water. They carried slings and sharp, brutal stones, and axes and were hot-tempered and driven by the lust for gold, even to the point of warring over it. But the songs of battles and wars, and the mention of the goblins became less and less known while the elves lived and celebrated in their peace. The stories faded as the elders sang less of those troubled times. The occasions when things were found in Mirimah’s branches grew fewer.
The elves themselves were a tall, thin race, almost as tall as men though not so heavily framed. The elves of Fridia were pale, with sweeping, wheat gold hair that they tied and often braided with the leaves of trees. Their eyes tended toward an almond shape and their noses were short and pointed. Their mouths were their most fetching feature, not only because of the beautiful sounds that their voices made, but because they seemed perpetually turned toward smiles. Straight, white teeth gleamed behind their lips. Their delicate hands were skilled in many things, but the gentleness of those hands kept them attuned to the trees and the land around them.
After their long struggles with the goblins, the elves turned their attentions away from the north and looked inward to their own lands. A great sweep of forest spread southward, cut with small streams and rivers that began in the distant mountains on the easternmost border and ran to the Silwing, the name the elves had given the river near which Mirimah’s roots spread. The mountains, a long tumbling range known as Scithe Du, climbed tall and vaporous in the distances, shining like starlight when the clouds parted and the sunlight reflected from the snowy peaks. Beyond those peaks, the passes were a maze of tumbled downs and canyons and dead ends that only the eldest of elves could navigate. Beyond that was the Shock Muer, a deserted place of chilled air and leagues of sand that froze and stifled life and separated the elves from the further unknown. Rarely had any crossed the frozen desert and returned. The stories that had come out of that region had always been few and were forgotten by all but the rarest elf. Even the stuff of legend had moved on to more hospitable environs. To the south and across the river, the forest lingered only a few leagues before dissolving into the Pastiloch, a land of marsh and moor and swampy flats. It was rumored that were-creatures still thrived among the bogs and their gloomy cypress trees and that even snakes had to be careful to survive.
The elves left such places alone, content in their thick, old forests of elm and oak and hickory. They were happy with the nuts, roots, and berries of the forest, the watercress and lilies of the river, the stands of wild rice growing in their own woody bogs, and of course the rich syrups from their maple stands.
Chief among the elves was Halisill, the eldest of this long-lived people and wisest of his race. It was suggested that in his youth he had traveled in those other lands, had seen the wonders and the horrors of the other races, had even visited the realms of men. Wizened now, his sharp, piercing eyes did little to dispel the gossip and his quick step belied the centuries of life he lived. He was the first to be called when something new was hung up in the branches of the willow as there was this fine morning.
The river burbled joyfully among the larger stones upstream of the elves’ home as if rivers knew good company when they saw it. The clear green water lapped the banks of the river with beautiful, mellow tones where the roots of the willow came down to the river’s edge. There, stalled by the lowest branches of the tree, was a small golden barge. The small boat floated easily in the lapping waves, flashes of brilliance coming from a line of small gems encrusted into the gilded gunwales as it bobbed now into shadow, now into sunshine. It cast barely a shadow on the surface of the river and drew hardly any wake as the waters swirled past. Closer inspection revealed the barge was occupied although the sole occupant appeared to be dead.
An immediate murmur rose from those elves that had been napping or singing within the natural bowers that Mirimah had created for them. Looking down through the branches they could see a suit of armor reposed in the bottom of the barge with hands crossed over the breast as was the custom with the elves for all those that had fallen, whether in battle or to Father Time. A plumed helmet rested on the head of the lone passenger. A shield with a legend in a strange tongue rested at the feet. Oddly, it was noted, this war-like traveler was without a sword or even the short dirk of a fighting man. As fast as leaf and root could carry the message, Halisill was called upon, and the old elf slipped from his oaken bower with the agility of youth, excitement springing in his barefooted steps. New things were becoming few and far between, the outside world ever more alien.
He stopped at the trunk of the willow and caressed the gnarled bumps of the ancient tree as one would pet a faithful old dog. The branches stirred and the barge was swung in closer to the shore. The elves occupying Mirimah climbed down to the lowest branches to help with steering the flatboat into other waiting hands. When it came close enough, Halisill studied the figure lying within. The crested plume of the helmet was tipped with purple and the collar of a white and purple tunic showed above the edge of the plate armor covering the occupant’s chest. The beaver of the helmet was down, but Halisill had seen enough to know that the occupant was not ogre, troll, or elf. This was a man.
He said this aloud, confirming what the other elders had come to suspect. He took hold of the craft himself and turned it to view the legend fringing the bottom of the shield. Even fewer of the elves recognized the Thesilin tongue and none but Halisill had ever spoken it before. “What does it mean?” they asked, their voices animated, and their heads craning around for a better view. Halisill searched deep into those adventurous years of his youth when it had been practical to know this language. The letters and words bubbled up—along with some old memories that were painful—until they came out and he translated for the curious benefit of all that stood anticipating something special. “Thaufwaer, the Sane:  Honor in Life.”  Halisill stuttered the words out, not completely sure that he was correct in interpreting the letters. It was a motto to live by were the elves inclined to such. He hoped his interpretation was correct. The others took his slow pronunciation as a sign of great significance and chattered about the wisdom of a race that would put such things on their shields. 
It was assumed that Halisill was then the expert on men, and Thesilins in particular. The questions began to come:  Why is he here?  Who sent him?  How did he die?  And so on, until Halisill raised a hand to quiet the now thronging crowds both on the bank and in the branches of not only Mirimah, but also all the other trees nearby. He turned the boat again so that the man’s head was within reach. He leaned over and listened for signs of life from within the helmet, but heard only the windy fluttering of the plumes made from the feathers of birds never seen in Fridia.
He raised the beaver and examined the face beneath. The visage he met was stronger than he had anticipated. Deep scowl lines faded into a tangled, brown beard that was beginning to turn gray. The nose was sharp, a dignified, commanding feature that separated two eyes that Halisill felt would be either deep green or bright blue, eyes that would see and know how to rule a kingdom and a people. Not wishing to disturb this lone traveler any more than was needed, he left the eyes shut convinced that they would not be other than he had predicted. Above the eyes, brown hair fell in feathery locks and tangled with fine brows over a creased forehead, a sign of intelligence. “A thoughtful man,” Halisill muttered to himself. He ignored the questions his utterance sparked. Above the locks and the wrinkled forehead, almost hidden by the edge of the helmet, a band of gold gleamed with a dull sunset glow.
Halisill looked down at the face for long moments while the elves waited for his pronouncements. A fine face, he thought, for a man, and probably a fine king, although the elves considered themselves immune to such. Royalty was a trapping of the other races; the elves respected the elders without the need for ornamentation. Thaufwaer the Sane seemed to be a fine name for such a man as what Halisill could see, but the questions the elves had been raising began to intrude upon his own study of this strange guest. Thesilia was a long way north, several moons travel even beyond the lengthy journey to the desolate lands of the goblins. Halisill had been considerably younger the last time the elves had encountered anything from there. It had been many years, more years than there are days in the year, since any elf had seen anything from so far north. Most of the oddities captured by the willow were cast off by goblins, things they’d taken from other travelers and thrown away when the goblins found they had no need for them.
But this barge:  this was a king’s craft, a funeral barge. The gilded gunwales, the precious stones, the fur and linen lining that the dead king rested upon, and the king himself belied all that Halisill knew of Thesilia. The last Halisill had heard, the fields in Thesilia were quite poor, and consequently, the people were quite poor, scratching their lives out with farming and gathering from their stingy homeland. And they had not been a warrior people as the armor, shield, and helmet indicated. He realized he’d allowed centuries to pass without even thinking of that distant realm of men.
With a start, Halisill looked up, his brow creasing. A sudden thought flashed in his mind like the glint of sunlight on the king’s armor. The gold on this barge would surely have been heard of if not seen by the goblins. He glanced at the far shore. The trees swayed in a stippling breeze that made small crests and white caps in the middle of the river. A pair of squirrels chased one another up the trunks of some large oaks and jumped among the thin upper branches. Otherwise, the distant banks were quiet and serene. Some clouds gathered in the distance, far out over the dripping moors of Pastiloch, well beyond the strip of forest lining the other side of the river. Even as he looked, he could see the clouds begin to darken and form into anvil-shaped thunderheads. The storm seemed to move northward and away.
“We should consider this with a care,” he said at last. “There is wealth here that was probably meant for the sea although this is the first I’ve ever heard of the Thesilins honoring their dead thus. In my younger days, they buried their dead, but I see that much has changed since those days. Still, if this is their adopted practice, it is strange since the land I remember bordered no seas. We will think and talk of this,” he concluded and laid soft hands on the trunk of Mirimah. “Hold this but a while longer,” he whispered. 
In response, the trailing branches dipped lower into the water and held the boat fast.

Chapter 2: Decisions

The fires burned low. Halisill’s small council called to mind all they could remember of their dealings with men. What was their intent? Surely they would not have left such a precious vessel to just drift the long length of the Silwing, which had its roots in Thesilia but flowed through many lands including Dullgled, the goblin desert. The Thesilins were not known for craft with the water, except to carry it to their crops which hitherto had always been poor. The barge was of fantastic workmanship and adorned beyond the powers of mere farmers. Yet there was no doubt its occupant was Thesilin and something more than a plowman.
As the wise hovered near the fire with lowered voices, the rest of the hamlet talked much of treasures past that tangled in the water willow’s branches. They retrieved these treasures from their honored resting places. Conversations began anew of the stranger items, but all agreed that none was stranger than the barge and its cargo.
Halisill listened to both the elders of his council and the chattering throng. Perhaps a new voice would sound some idea that he and the others hadn’t considered. He knew already what the council would decide; they would leave the final decision to him. He was used to them deferring to his wisdom, although they’d not had to make any weighty choices in a long age. He gave an attentive ear to the stories that drifted from the disparate groups of elves. They recounted the variety of things the river delivered. But the talk was idle, gossiping and sharing stories and speculating: none voiced an opinion of what should be done.
As the stars began to dot the spaces between the leaves, his attention was drawn back to the council. Somebody had suggested that it was ‘intended’ for the elves to find this barge, that its destination was Fridia.
“Who would encumber us thus?” Halisill asked as they all looked to him. “We have no allies among men. Indeed, it is almost beyond my memory since we’ve even had dealing with the humans or contact with any but the goblins.”
The council grew quiet considering how little they now knew of the world beyond their borders.
Halisill watched the flames a while until he was distracted by the arrival of other elves. Surely the song of Mirimah was spreading and elves from the other hamlets were coming to see the strange wonder and its stranger cargo. “We can sleep on this tonight,” he said. “The morning may bring a new light to guide us.”
The others departed, some to their bowers and some to the riverside where a quiet vigil was unfolding. Already the songs were being sung, songs of mourning for the unknown man. Though they had no kings of their own, the elves admitted that there was something majestic about this one.
Halisill watched the flames of the fire shrink until only faint embers glowed before he went to his bower. An uneasy sleep plagued his night and several times he awoke to find more new voices among the elves gathered by the river. It seemed that the village was wakeful almost the night through. He caressed the boughs of the oak that housed him and nestled deeper into the enfolding limbs.
An old song drifted among the leaves. The elves that watched at the riverside now sang of the last alliance between elves and men. Halisill noted that the voice of the singer leading the verses was strange to him. The softest tenor rose just above the rolling of the Silwing and lulled him to a deep sleep.
He awoke to find many more elves at the river; he recognized distant cousins that made their homes in other parts of Fridia. A welcome was not necessary as all of Fridia was elven-home, but he did greet these distant relatives as guests, surprised at the sudden appearances. He turned his attention to the Elder Sister. The barge was as he’d left it and he almost wished it had escaped Mirimah’s woody embrace. He sighed and edged through the anxious, curious crowd to the riverside.
He had barely touched the water before a murmur rose in the crowd. His first thought was that the elves speculated what he would do, but he soon caught the word ‘goblins.’ Some that had arrived in the night reported that something stirred in Dullgled; that the goblins roved near the elfin borders but hadn’t crossed into the elfin lands.
Halisill looked at the opposite bank as he had done the previous day. The clouds of the day before seemed to settle over his usually serene face. As one, the other elves turned toward the far shore.
“Gather as many as have bows and the will to use them,” Halisill spoke aloud, turning to those spectators on the bank and in the trees. “My suspicions from yesterday are becoming certainties today,” he said. He noted dismay on many faces that only moments before registered excitement at the prospects of their novel finding. “Send those that are willing northward that we can see what is stirring out of Dullgled. Tell them only to bring word; we don’t want a battle if we can avoid it, although they should defend themselves if the need arises. If they’ve not crossed the river, we’ll not give them cause.”  He didn’t tell the elves that he was worried more about when the goblins would show up instead of if they were coming. The goblins with their lust ever burning for gold pressed between their cruel fingers would have wanted this barge and were probably already moving southward in the hope of finding it lodged against the bank or hung up in some downed trees. Their going would be slowed by the forest; they’d never maintained any trails; they hated the water and had never built boats. Halisill wondered how it had passed them. Surely there were bends in the river upstream where it could have bumped the shore, or places shallow enough that the goblins’ greed would have overcome their fear and disgust of the water and they could have waded out to it. It was strange.
There had been an unspoken peace between the elves and the goblins going back hundreds of years, each race content to leave well enough alone. Before this, the goblins had traveled south, trespassing through the elves’ lands to reach the mountains where they hoped to find gold, and battles had been fought. The few goblins that made it through to the mountains were found dead the following season, frozen solid in their confusion among the jumble of passes. For the last four hundred years, the goblins had looked elsewhere to satisfy their gold lust. It was even rumored that they had attempted to pass southward through the Pastiloch to bypass the heart of Fridia and were never heard from again. The elves had no cause to travel northward. The goblins had no reason to travel southward. Until now, Halisill thought.
He stepped back out of the water, the hem of his cloak dripping on a large rock where he stopped to warm his feet. A cloud of contemplation settled around him and the others stood waiting. Gone were the contemplations of the previous night. His first impulse was to push the barge back into the current, to let it continue its way southward where it might find the channels that lead to the sea. Impulse said to let this strange king go to that deep burial beneath the waves when the sea roared and foamed and claimed his small ship.
But Halisill was venerated because of his thoughtfulness. To push the boat back out might prevent a conflict with the goblins if they were intent on following it and would stay on the far bank. But the thought of the goblins seizing the golden barge and desecrating the body of this noble king—for that is how he’d begun to view the man lying within—was almost as troubling as a four hundred year peace coming to an end. To think of the king plundered and his remains thrown to the wolves and other scavengers was unthinkable. But these thoughts were not his own. Halisill wondered where this concern was coming from, what charm could make him consider endangering his people for a strange, dead man. He felt his will wavering and motioned for the others to pull the barge ashore.
To their amazement, the boat could not be lifted from the water. It bobbed gently enough and seemed light enough that the frailest of branches from the willow tree were able to arrest its downstream course, but the handful of elves that attempted to pull it from the stream was unable. Nor could they push it back out into the current. It was stuck fast as if it were anchored to the root of the world. Halisill frowned that the choice he’d been thinking about only moments before was completely taken away from him. 
He saw that his nephew Melisill had arrived from his home deeper in the forest, and that he had his bow with him.
“See if we cannot at least lift him out,” Halisill prodded, and the elves laid their hands on the king’s heavy armor. He was lifted out and placed on a shallow sandy beach. The boat bobbed on as before, apparently still immovable. “There is a charm here,” Halisill stated, “some enchantment that has brought this man into our hands; some spell that has carried him past the goblins and however many other leagues of river bank inhabitants that may have witnessed his passing. Some spell has kept his body preserved in his voyage. Somehow he has been sent to us down the long course of Silwing, through pool and rapid and waterfall, his body unspoiled. We will care for him. This was a king, a goodly king, worthy of our fairest consideration and respect.”
“How do you know this?” Melisill asked.
“Who would go to the trouble if he wasn’t?” said Halisill, his voice a quiet murmur. He stepped closer to the water willow and asked the tree in the most soothing tones how the king had come to be there, but the grand old tree said nothing.

Chapter 3: Journey to Climmis Cur

By noon a company of seventy elfin archers had assembled and more were coming from deeper into the southlands, elves that had not been to the river for many long days. Young and old, male and female, experienced and untested alike, they’d all learned from the woods of the strange matter of the boat that couldn’t be lifted. They’d also heard of the goblins’ sudden activity and closeness to Fridia. Halisill’s affection for his kin grew as he saw the outward determination of the group, their eyes keen and their hearts stout. Even centuries of peace hadn’t quelled their courage. The company was split in two. Each group would follow northward along either side of the river to the elfin borders to scout for signs that the goblins were straying and to track any that pursued the king’s boat. Melisill had come to volunteer for one of the scouting parties but Halisill pulled him aside. “I have someplace else for you to go,” was all he would say on the matter when his nephew began to protest.
He spent the rest of the day arranging for a small shelter to be built back in the shadows of the trees. When it was completed, he called forth the elf-maids to sing the king into this new place and they bore him there on their shoulders with the respect due to honored guests. The excitement and anxiety of the morning gave way to the solemnity of evening and the joyous songs of the discovery began to give way to laments for the dead interspersed with celebrations of the king’s name and the strong charm that had brought him. But under all of the songs was the tenseness of an impending confrontation. 
In the bower the elf-maids crooned, the voices soft and melodious over the untroubled brow of the king, a stirring song that brought tears while making the heart sing. Halisill felt the regret of not having known their strange visitor, and a pang of distress for having forsaken the world beyond the elfin borders.
The shelter was made from downed tree branches laced together and made snug with reeds from the river. Within its walls, two small fires blazed. Their smoke curled up into the branches of the overhanging trees. The smell was sweet from the herbs and grasses burned as the maids gathered around the king. From the branches above, the elves looked down. The king lay between the fires, one at his head; the other at his feet. Three maidens knelt on either side of him wiping the king’s armor with rushes pulled from the wilder bogs along the river’s banks and chanting an ancient song. Analith, Halisill’s sister-in-law and almost as old as he, had only that afternoon spoken of it to the maids, but their voices rose harmoniously until all was calm and comfortable, and even the trees stilled the quaking of their leaves to hear it.
The helmet had been pulled from the king’s head and his brown locks had been combed. The beard was trimmed and straightened, the face cleansed with sweet grasses. The golden circlet rested over the still brow. Halisill stood at the edge of the shelter, just beyond the flickering light of the fires, a light that seemed to increase as it reflected from the now gleaming armor. Satisfied that the king was being cared for and that the song had begun, Halisill turned away. Inside their small shelter, the maids sang to the armor, to the mineral ores that had been dug from the earth, and would return to the earth some day. It was of the earth language that they sang, tales of the beginning, the formation of all that came under the sky, of fire and water and wind. The song was of mountains and seas and the life and spirit that came and moved it all. The song came from the eldest race, even older than the elves, and was being sung in that most ancient tongue, older than time itself. Not one of the singers knew what they sang, Halisill knew, for the words were not elfin and were interwoven like the fibers of a scarf. The shining plates resonated to their voices giving back its tales, in its wisdom singing back to them in their own tongue.
“Where am I to go?” Melisill asked from deeper in the shadows when Halisill turned away.
“You are to go with me,” Halisill responded and walked toward the old oak tree where he kept his bower. He refused to say more until they were well away from the shelter of the king. “We have a different errand, one that will take some days of traveling, so take what you think you will need.”
“I already have what I will need. I came prepared to march northward toward the goblin territories. Where are we going?”
“I’ve spoken with the elders; they know what to do should the threat descend too soon. I doubt that should be the case, but it gave them heart and made them feel better about my departure. As to where it is we’re going, that I’ll tell you when we are on the road. But for now, just come along. I still have things that I would take, although we would both be best suited to travel light. We don’t want to be away for too long. The goblins may have set out at once if they are coming, but they would still be many days away and we should return before they come close enough to be a threat. There is much more that we could learn elsewhere before they come upon us, so make haste.”
They continued onward and stopped in the shadows of the oak. The tree was craggy and moss-covered; squirrel nests clung to the upper branches and acorns and hollowed acorn shells littered the ground below. “My neighbors are spoiled,” Halisill mused aloud. He climbed up with an agility that defied his years, and settled into his living couch, drawing back the roof of leaves that kept out the rain and snowy weather. Already the first stars came into view. He watched for a moment, considering how many nights he’d gazed upward and wondering how many more of such nights he’d have. His reverie was interrupted when Melisill cleared his throat.
Halisill looked here and there for his satchel and walking stick. Beneath a mat of woven rushes he found a small blade and slipped it into the cuffs of his cloak. He tied a small bag of nuts and a water sac to his belt and rocked back on his heels. “You may want to leave some of what you carry,” he told his nephew. “I aim to go very quickly.”
Melisill looked at the older elf. Thin and shriveled as Halisill appeared—and his robe-like cloak did nothing to dispel his frail appearance—Melisill knew that his uncle was not one to boast. He pulled a matching pair of long, graceful knives from twin sheathes in the small of his back and laid them on a small branched shelf in the bower. He hesitated a moment and pointed at the cuff of Halisill’s sleeve where the small knife had disappeared. “Are you sure I won’t need them?” he said indicating his own blades.
Halisill smiled. “I only use mine to break nuts.”  He flicked his wrist and the knife appeared in his fingers. He brought the edge down with a crack on a stray hazel nut and laughed as he put the meat into his mouth. “Of course if you wish to carry such a heavy pair of nutcrackers, then so be it, but I would ask only that you bring your bow and some arrows to so keep any enemies we may meet that much further off. I doubt that should be the case, but you never know.”  He smiled again and cracked another nut. He offered it to his nephew and looked over Melisill’s baggage while the younger elf ate.
“Leave your cooking bowl and the rice.”  He regretted not taking the rice. The wild rice of Multhorn, the hollow where Melisill lived, was noted to be among the sweetest and tastiest of foods to be found anywhere in Fridia. He noted sadly that Melisill had also brought several honeyed loaves of nut bread that would have kept them well-fed but would have slowed them. It was fine food for a slower march with a larger company, but too much for only two that would be running for most of the journey. “Leave the loaves as well, and the wine jars, and the packet of fruit, and the honeycomb. It is all too heavy for the pace I intend.”  He dug deeper and began to wonder if his nephew had packed anything other than food. After a thick layer of whole fruits, at last he reached the bottom of the pack and found a change of clothing, a single change that smelled of sunny golden apples and grainy sweet pears. He laughed aloud.
“Now that you’ve emptied my pack, and since I’m not going north with the others, and since we will be traveling so quickly…” Melisill began, but Halisill was already thinking ahead of him. He tossed him an apple and set to one of the honeyed loaves with his small knife. Melisill passed him one of his longer knives and soon the bread was sliced. They dined without further words, passing the wine jars back and forth and dipping their fingers into the honeycomb and chewing on slices of fruit until both were full and refreshed and energized for the trip.
“Well now that my load is considerably lighter, I should have room for these again.”  Melisill slipped the knives back into their sheaths.
“Hopefully, you won’t have the need,” said Halisill and the thought of what lay ahead sobered them a little. 
“I guess I’m safe with you though, aren’t I?”  Melisill looked sidelong at his uncle. He’d heard and thrived on the stories that had been told about his uncle’s travels in the long ago. Among the shiny-eyed younger generations, Melisill had stayed later and listened longer to the songs of old and the tales of far off lands where the elves no longer cared to go. He’d begged that the oldest stories of war be retold and contented himself with the few songs that were still remembered. The old elf looked embarrassed.
“You mock me, you rascal. I am old, many ages past those times you’ve dreamed about. There are no more adventures over my horizons. My step is slower, my eyes dimmer. It is you that I take along to protect me.”  Halisill’s eyes shone as he spoke and the corners of his lips struggled not to turn up.
“Who mocks now?  I shall barely keep up with you if you say we shall be moving quickly. And I don’t even know our road yet.”
They closed their packs and went down out of the tree. In the distance they could see the glow of the king’s shelter and could hear the songs of their kin. Already the bards were making up lays about the funeral barge that resisted the water’s pull and its noble cargo from its distant land and the journey it must have made. Halisill turned eastward, away from the river and the songs and the comfort of home, toward a distant point seen only in his mind. His pace was already quick. Melisill hesitated but a moment and followed. When the songs had faded into muted stirrings and the night sky was lit only by the stars and a sliver of moon, they slowed and Halisill spoke at last of their destination.
“We go to Climmiss Cur, the listening bell, about a four day journey if we go with speed. I’ve been long away from there and for good reason. There is little enough that has ever come from the north that has been worth knowing.”  Halisill walked along, his pace still quickened but slow enough for them to talk now.
Melisill had heard of the Cur but in the same ways that he’d heard of his uncle’s adventures and the were-folk of Pastiloch and all the other stories that had been sung many a starry night. To be told that it was his journey’s end both shocked and thrilled him. He faltered but a moment, uncertain which of the many questions raised by this news to ask next. But Halisill was already continuing.
“We’ve left the outside world to mankind, along with the goblins and the ogres and trolls, and the dwarfs and giants, and even those of our own kind. When last I’d come to Climmiss, the world beyond was a barbarous place; men battling one another for land, dwarfs and goblins competing for the wealth of the hollowed places under the mountains, ogres and giants and trolls attacking all who came near. They were all content to live long without peace, to scrabble for land and power and leverage over each other. And we’ve left them to it. Some may say we’ve ignored it for too long, that we should have stayed involved, that we should have watched, that we may have missed an opportunity. Pah!  The opportunity to have our own lands invaded for little or no reason.
“Our old enemies have had years to forget about us. We should have been so long out of their thoughts that they could bear us little ill-will now. The generations have passed. Most that we knew are long dead. We’ve become the stuff of their legends, and I would be happy that we should remain so but for this barge. I can’t help but think that it was sent to us specifically.” 
“But what about the goblins?  They’ve known that we were here.”
“And they have proved a useful buffer for us from the rest of the world. Likewise the swampy wastes to the west and the desert wastes beyond the mountains in the east. The goblins have been a shield for us in the north.” Halisill had thought long about their neighbors upstream and across. They’d not been seen nor heard for decades although elves who’d journeyed to the northern parts of the realm still reported their presence.
“But they still despise us. Wouldn’t they plunder our lands if they could?  They’d march south to the mountains if we let them.”
“They would if we let them. But we’ve never let them. Even the meanest tempered wolf will learn a trick or two, and we’ve taught the goblins not to venture south. My hope is that the lesson is still learned despite the years gone by. In the old days, we fought them often, always sparing one to take the word home for them to stay away. Over time their forays decreased and finally ended. They had no profit in coming south, we made sure of that. But this king’s barge:  if they’ve seen it, they’ll see profit greater than they’ve found among the rocks of their own territory for many long years.”
“You believe it will come to bloodletting then?” asked Melisill. He studied his uncle for long moments while he waited for the answer to come. The old elf was still strong and nimble, but Melisill could see the years beginning to work on him. His hair was long and faded to the point that first the golden and then the gray locks had fled, replaced with snowy white strands. His hands seemed fragile. Melisill doubted they’d felt the weight of a sword or the thrum of a bowstring in the last few centuries. Halisill’s eyes were still keen; his wits still quick, but Melisill worried that when these things started to go, they would go fast.
“I don’t know,” said Halisill, and Melisill realized that he’d let his thoughts wander. Halisill looked at him. “I don’t know if it will come to battle. If it were just the boat, we could probably teach those wolves an old lesson. They’d realize quickly that they’d missed their chance upstream and would probably come to steal it. We could handle that; give them a reception they’d regret. But somebody beyond the goblins’ realm sent that man, somebody who knew the barge or its contents would be valued as a great prize by not just the goblins but by anybody who’d seen it going past. Somebody put a charm upon it that it wouldn’t stop until it reached us. I’m hoping we can find out who and why in the stone cliffs of the Cur.”
With this explanation, Halisill picked up his pace again, jogging briskly through the night until the stars began to fade. Near dawn he stopped at the base of a grandfather oak tree and stood whispering to it until it woke. Its leaves shuddered as if a strong wind had blown and settled again.
“What is this place?” Melisill said as he came up.
“When I was younger and wandered much, I came this way often. Maluful is an old friend. Many times I slept in his upper branches, shadowed from the sunlight or sheltered from the rain. He is older than I am, and more tired, but he will cross his branches that we can get some rest off of the ground for a while. Come.”
They climbed into the old tree and silently shared the remaining apples and pears from Melisill’s pack. Afterwards they rested a few hours on a bed of leaves before rousing themselves with a breakfast of nuts and a draught of cold water from the sac.
“We make good time today,” said Halisill, “and the day after tomorrow we’ll be at the Climmiss Cur.”  He climbed from the tree, whispered softly to it, and began the day’s march. Melisill noticed that the leaves again quivered and seemed somehow to grow greener in the midmorning light. He ran to catch his uncle and the day was spent going forward.
They stopped infrequently, only long enough to swallow handfuls of nuts and mouthfuls of water. At the stream crossings Halisill refilled the sac and they drank deep from the cold springs that ran westward to the Silwing. Near evening they rested by a patch of murble berries and ate the small fruit right from the vines. Melisill was more than content to delay a while to fill his pack with as many berries as it would hold, but Halisill assured him there would be other opportunities for food along the way; a grove of wild cherry trees that had blinding silver blossoms in spring and bore sweet fruit in the fall and a pear tree that he’d known from ages ago that they could reach only going slightly out of their way.
They passed few other elves, all of them traveling westward toward the river, and they only stopped for moments to trade news. All of them were bound for the hamlet around the water willow. Nothing was yet heard from the goblins; their lair was still northward and off to the west. Many anticipated that it would only be a short while before the goblins arrived. The Eastlanders of Fridia went already armed with bows and knives. Their thin elfin armor was seen in the collars of their cloaks and tunics, and their open faces showed that distinctly elfin demeanor that Halisill had always thought of as sweetly sad. With dour nods, Halisill and Melisill continued their way.
At night they slept in other trees, each happy to accommodate their old friend and his young companion. On the third night, they collapsed into the cradled arms of a line of elms on the edge of an ancient grove of sapple trees that was clotted with thickets and brambles. They dined on fresh honeycomb and the sweet syrup of the sapples before climbing into the neighboring elms and pulling mats of leaves over their cloaks. They lay looking up at a cloudless night, the stars bright and cold in the distance, the first moon a thickening sliver. Owls called and answered in the distance and the hum of insects rose from the grassy track. Melisill was on the edge of dreaming when he heard his uncle speak.
“I know what the songs have said,” Halisill began, his voice low, almost conspiring, “but has your mother ever told you what happened to your father?  What really happened to your father?”
Melisill grew still, unsure that he’d heard what his uncle had just asked. He’d listened with rapt attention to the songs of his father and the others that had gone off to the wars back when he was little more than a sprite. They’d been the last elves to go to war and almost six hundred years had passed since the elves had sung them away and charmed them with their blessings. The songs had spoken of bravery in battle, arrows whistling through the air, the clash of sword and shield, the fierce calls of combating warriors, and always, the valiant elves that won the day for their friends and were the bane of their enemies. The songs celebrated the elfin fallen, telling of the fell deeds of the other races and the courage of the elf kin. He recalled a fragment of one of the songs about his father:

Brave Lapisill and the Elfin lords
Stood tall on the Bridge of Torn
And faced the Trolls and the Ogre hordes
Through starry night and misty morn;
With old man sun warm on their faces
And the birds of day all calling
With songs in heart they took their places
And left their enemies falling;
But on it came, the evil tide
And arrows flew and soon were gone
And still it came though many died
And still the Elf lords battled on
With knife and stone, and flesh and bone
And still the Elf lords battled on.

Brave Lapisill and the Elfin lords
Fought ever on throughout the day
With ringing knives and clashing swords
They drove their awful foes away
But again they came and shields were split
And warriors fell on every side
And long swords slashed and axes bit
And still the Trolls and Ogres died
But nothing could save the Elfin brave
The Elf lords numbered fewer, then few
And their enemies came, an endless wave
And enemy numbers grew and grew
The Elf lords were few and then there were two
While enemy numbers swelled and grew.

Brave Lapisill and the Elfin lords
Were lost on the Bridge of Torn
When troops of Trolls and the Ogre hordes
Won out ere the night was born;
And old man sun had to hide his face
And the birds of day were wailing
With songs of woe for that awful place
Where enemies were prevailing;
And Quasilfur and stout Hapilied
And Balisams and last, sure Telenon
And brave captain Lapisill all died
And so many others were already gone
With purpose sure and hearts so pure
But so many Elf lords were gone.

“He died at the battle of Torn, defending the bridge so the trolls couldn’t plunder the Westfields. This was so long ago and so far away.”
“That’s what the songs say,” Halisill answered. “But he was taken at the battle of Torn, not killed. He was killed some time afterward, probably a prisoner of the ogres. Whether he died of his wounds or was killed outright, I cannot say, but his voice has gone out of this world.”
Melisill sat up and looked at the shadowed bower his uncle was resting in. “How do you know this?  What do you mean?”
“I mean that when we were younger, your father and I, younger than you are now, we both chased adventure. We could both smell the blood and spices in the air. We could feel the vibrations of the soil and water, the rumble of war engines rolling over the earth, the distant tremors of violence. We could see the weather coming from a long way off. We both went and saw. The ragged men from the north. The trolls that guard the Sevenfolds, the gates to the Westfields away beyond the fens and marshes. We mingled with the gray elves of Thimbol and the brown elves of Moorland. We traded with the dwarfs in their deep caves and the ogres in their mucky bogs. We saw a lot. And we fought. All the races find reasons to battle and war. Your father enjoyed it, as did I, but I knew it would have to end. Our enemies would follow us, turn toward our homes some day if we stayed involved. Oh, he enjoyed it though. The life, the wandering, the newness of every day, and even the bloodlust. Others followed him to it, including me.
“I was there at Torn, quite young, following my older brother into adventure, fighting for the sheer excitement and thrill of battle. Your father was a fine warrior,” Halisill said gravely. He paused a moment and continued in lighter tones. “I was not so fine a warrior. Oh, I survived the early rushes of the trolls, big and clumsy as they are, but on the last push, when the ogres came across, I was knocked branch over twig. This monstrous ogre knocked me down and before I could get back up, he had me in his arms and was dragging me to the side of the bridge. Quite a high bridge although not very long. And he went to throw me over the side. I scrambled for whatever I could catch hold of, whatever could keep me from falling a long way down, and managed to get hold of his ear. He wasn’t fond of that at all and slapped me till my own ears rang and my eyes went black, and heaved me over the side. I guess he was aiming for a rock, but there I landed splash into the stream below. When I looked back up, the ogres had overrun the bridge and the trolls went on to plunder the Westfields. None of our kin that I could see were alive.
“I escaped the onslaught and their hunting parties and turned homeward aided by our gray brethren from the slopes of Thimbol. After many months of wandering, I crept through Murkhiil and Dullgled, crossed the Silwing, and made for the Cur at Climmiss. There I heard news of your father, that he yet lived, and I went back to search for him.”
“But the songs say he was killed.”
“I never told anybody what I’d learned at the Cur. That he was alive seemed almost too much to hope for; that I’d be able to find and free him was more than I could ever hope for, but I went. The gray elves helped in my search. For years I met my own adventures—only half of which the songs tell of—but I couldn’t find the band that had taken him and had to fight off many others besides. When the years rolled into decades and all trails had turned cold, I returned to Climmiss, but your father’s voice was silent. I returned home and let the songs be sung as they were. Your mother had already grieved and you were still young.”
“You’ve told nobody of this until now?”
“There are a few that know among the elders, including your mother. I did tell her in time and we grieved again together, but there was nothing more to do. There had been stories that came from the northland now and again in later years, but always second hand with never a name mentioned. News sometimes came to us from the few elves that still wandered; tales and rumors that filtered in from the other races, but they didn’t even tell which of our kin the stories were about, whether a prisoner seen was of our kin, or a gray elf, or a brown elf, or an elf at all. Many have been the times when a man has taken up our armor or weapons and been mistaken for one of us. In the old days, our trade included such things with the men of the north and those that had plied the seas. Who knows that they hadn’t traded it to others, including ogres or trolls?  But again, those were just stories. I listened long at Climmiss for any word of your father, but there was none. Any sound; a cry or a laugh, or anything at all to tell me that he was still among the living, but there was nothing.”
“We should have been told,” said Melisill. He stared across the branches and saw pain in his uncle’s eyes. “If there was any chance.”
“I thought to say something. Every time a rumor came through to us, I thought to take up my bow and blades myself, and storm the northland to find the mysterious elf, or to go find where your father’s body lay. You were coming of age. If I’d said something, given some hint that somewhere in the world there was an elf that in the remotest possibility was your father, could I have kept you back?”  Halisill raised a hand when he saw the younger elf beginning to protest. “Consider this. Had I said something, you would have been gone, and your mother, who has now become my sister, would have lost a husband and a son. You would have itched to go, and I along with you. But what hope could we have had when the north had turned so dangerous?  What trouble would we have carried home with us if we’d gone and survived to return home?  I’d determined long before that my travels were over. The rumors were only that, and your mother and the elders didn’t count them as truth. Thus the songs that are sung will remain, and you understand why.”
Melisill mulled this over for a long while, and just as Halisill was beginning to believe his nephew asleep, the younger elf muttered, “I understand.”  He bit his lips and felt the smoothness of his bow, the notch where the string and wood came together, the fletching of his arrows. His mother had told him many stories of his father in battle, stories that would have to suffice for the father he hadn’t known. Three days travel away, back along the river, a memorial remained that would be untouched, unchanged. His father’s remaining possessions had been put into a tomb and the laments had been sung. The songs that remained were celebrations. He could live with that. But some day, perhaps, he would make a new song, a new lament, but his heart could not do so now.
They slept curled and snug within their cloaks and beneath their mats, each dreaming different dreams about the threats of the north. The night grew colder and frost settled on the leaves and grasses. The branches that made their beds became stiffer and both elves felt slightly older when they awoke in these friendly, but strange trees. They climbed down in the earliest gray light and made a fire of fallen branches and roasted some of the nuts. They steeped a warm, glowing tea from a mixture of thistle and barraca leaves and felt their heads clearing and the stiffness of sleep departing.

Chapter 4: The Listening Bell

Melisill stretched and looked at the horizon. The sun had climbed into the sky, but the shadows were still long. There was a glow to the mountain peaks. It came from the morning light beyond. It would be some time before the sun stepped above the mountains and brought any warmth.
“Travel will be harder today, but we should reach Climmiss sometime later this afternoon,” said Halisill.
He set off toward the edge of the grove, and Melisill saw within moments that the landscape was changing. Beyond the grove, the forest grew thinner, the soil poorer. The rich forested floor gave way to powdery dust that flew up with each passing step and hung in the air like a vapor. The grass gave way to small, spiky weeds with seed pods that clung to their ankles or strong, whip-thin vines that snagged toes and threatened to trip them. It reminded him of what he’d heard about Dullgled, how little grew there amid the wastes the goblins created.
Small stands of scrub oak lived on sandy stretches between tumbled rocks and the trail began to dip and climb. The ravines became narrower, the sides steeper. The elves began to sweat despite the shadowing sky and the failing temperatures. At mid-morning, just as the sun rose above the highest peaks, they stopped and drank from the water sac and watched cloud shadows drift down the face of a distant mountain. Halisill pointed at the foothills ahead. Melisill squinted and saw a long line of hills, each taller than the one before and separated by saddle backs. They made for a natural barrier and ridge up to the first rocky slope.
“That is the northernmost edge of the eastern range, the furthest arm of the Scithe Du,” Halisill said. “If we followed along the range southward for as far as it goes, we’d travel many more days than we have for this journey and it would end at the Silwing. From there, we’d still be a week from home. But for now, we go only to the third hill.”
From the top of the ravine, the mountains made a long sweeping arc of purpled peaks and flashing ramparts that ran beyond the edge of sight. They paused for a drink and a bite to eat and watched the cloud shadows shifting southward as the sun climbed toward noon. The mountains traveled southeast for many leagues before curving back to the southwest like a huge sickle or a slice of moon. The southwest branch was lost to the swell of forest and the haze of distance.
They resumed their trek. The ravines became less frequent as the trail inclined higher and higher until each step came down above the one before. At the first hill, they leaned into their steps, urged on by the nearness of their destination. Neither considered stopping to rest when they reached the first notch between the hills, and they forged on although they soon found that they needed hands as well as their feet to climb the next hill. Atop the second hill they paused long enough to wipe the dust from their hands and to have swallows of water. Already they could see the great natural curve in the rock that made up the Cur at the edge of the third mound. They adjusted their packs and Melisill strung his bow across his chest and they began the last leg.
Halisill felt the familiar sequence of rocks beneath his feet climbing the last ridge despite the years since his last visit. He began to feel energized after the hard travel of the morning, as if the last few hundred years had fallen away from him. His arms felt ready to heft the weight of a sword; his hands ready to grapple with the enemies of long ago; his fingers ready to feel the thrum of a bowstring or the satisfaction of a perfectly balanced short knife spinning on his palm. His heart pulled him upward, his feet gliding over the stones without feeling them before he was lifted to the next step, his hands hardly needed as he flew. Youth and the memories so long suppressed rushed back at him. He recalled triumphs and defeats, and above it all, the thrill of battle, the surge of blood and the wild anticipation. This, he told himself, was what he’d given up, and he couldn’t tell if the feeling that crept over him was regret or not.
Melisill lagged behind, amazed that his uncle should so be able to climb with so little thought and with so much sureness. His mouth dropped at the sheer speed of his uncle, but he closed it again when he tasted the dust of Halisill’s passing. It seemed that something had inspired his uncle to the point of a manic desire to reach the top; maybe the sun that glowed around the edges of the clouds and illuminated the silvery fringes of the myrtle leaves down in the forest they could see to the south; maybe the precipice itself and the majestic view he assumed waited. He saw his uncle stop and wave as if Melisill was the elderly elf who, in his infirmity, was going to miss some spectacle unless his got his old bones moving. He saw his uncle throw back his head in laughter and continue over the rocks, mindless of the threatening heights.
Almost at the pinnacle of his climb, Melisill looked down and saw that they’d come a great distance up, much farther than he’d anticipated. He looked back to the top of the hill and found that he was lost and that his uncle had already gone over the edge. He called for Halisill and was surprised to find he’d been following a different track, one that led away from the older elf. Halisill hallooed back and stood out against a sky that was beginning to darken from purpling storm clouds like great bruises on the horizon. Still, the old elf looked exuberant as he stood, hands on his hips and his back to the world, the setting sun glowing on his face. His voice sounded almost boyish when he called back, “The day is wasting and a storm is coming. Make haste, now,” as if Melisill hadn’t been making haste all along. With a few corrections and some back-tracking, he found the route his uncle had taken and rejoined him at the top after only a few minutes. He breathed a heavy sigh and looked for a stone to rest on until his breathing calmed. Halisill looked energized and refreshed.
Below his uncle, Melisill could see the bell shapes of the Cur, natural cavities within the face of the hill, beaten pale by the glaring of countless morning suns but shaded now, the sides eroded smooth by the weather as if a craftsman had intended to sculpt the place without cracks or seams.
“This is where sky meets earth and clouds reach down to the dust and the whole of the world opens for us. Look.”  Halisill pointed westward, and far off, almost beyond the eye’s reckoning, they could see where the trees seemed darker and perhaps a shade taller. He traced the line of the trees into and out of sight, a faint jagged line, and stopped his finger at a point well south and east of their perch. “There would stand Mirimah if we had the power to see so far.”  Melisill looked at the distant lines of trees and thought about the fast days of travel they’d had to make to get here. “It’s so far to come, to fuss over such a little thing as this boat, and this king,” Halisill was saying, “or so something in my heart tells me, something I can’t say I know, but insists. But I’ve gone much farther, and for lesser reason,” he sighed. He seemed to be losing his energy and a melancholy was settling over him. “I’ve not been here in ages,” he said at length.
He sat next to his nephew and breathed a long draught of air, a look of satisfaction creeping back onto his face, a secretive impish delight into his eyes. “Time was,” he said cheerily, “this was my favorite place. Many were the hours I’d sit on this very stone and feel the movements of the earth, the great sweeping by of clouds, the rumbling of the stone and rocks in the deep places, the tides filling and ebbing in the bays of the world. But I’ve been away so long,” he said with the mildest note of regret. “The earth is changing and we’ve not felt it, seen it, or heard it: at least that part of it that doesn’t border Fridia. Listen now. There.”  He pointed at the crags and caverns that rolled from the hillside. “Listen and you will hear the echoes of the world, vibrating among these stones.”  He closed his eyes for a long moment. “It is the news of the world,” he said.
Melisill heard only the breeze and noted that the air was growing cooler already as the clouds seemed to be pressing upon the hills and mountains. He wished to pull his cloak from his pack, but didn’t want to disturb the old elf’s concentration. He looked outward at the distant lands to the north unable to tell where the elfin realm ended and the lands of the others began. He guessed that the dark place to the northwest was the waste of Dullgled, but kept the guess to himself. Halisill would point it out in his own time. The old elf still had his eyes closed and didn’t seem inclined to reopening them just yet.
This spot, the Climmiss Rock, Melisill considered, would only be a brown patch on the distant horizon when viewed from so far away. Surrounded by poor soil and messil trees good for nothing but a poisonous sap, the Cur was only a landmark, a point used to help the rare lost elf find the ranges bordering home. Few elves ventured this way and for many years none had passed. The bottom lands along the river and its tributaries offered more grains and vegetables; the groves of the southeast dropped fruit and nuts to make every table rich, every feast hearty; the woodlands in the deeper south were full of other edibles including mushrooms and scurbill, the leafy plant they mixed with cress for salat. Melisill knew every inch of the southern realm and found that he was content to wander there, content never again to visit this miserable northern country. He could see why they’d seen fewer elves their last day of travel.
And he began to hear it.
The constant murmured whisperings of the world, the barrage of cries and wails, the buzz of conversations and laughter, and every other sound uttered by the races, but in the constant confusion of overlapping voices nothing was distinct. He looked at the old elf, but Halisill was lost in concentration, his eyes yet closed, his head tilted toward the largest of the cavities in the hillside. The wind rushed into his hair blowing the white strands away from a face that seemed to grow stony as the landscape. Melisill wondered what his uncle heard amid that tremendous jumble that could so remove his early giddiness. His uncle seemed completely absorbed, his body stiff and unmoving.
Melisill followed this example and didn’t move for a long time, determined to listen for as long as his older companion did. Eventually, he could hear the individual voices, could block out the mobbed tumult of others. Strange voices with accents speaking the multitude of languages he’d never heard before. He guessed that the harsh guttural voices belonged to the trolls somewhere far to the north and west in their mountainous passes, belligerent neighbors to the gray elves. He heard snatches of elfin songs from the northeast, beyond the arms of the eastern range. He caught bits of his own race’s laments and elegies for the mysterious king, and the sonorous tunes of the dwarfs echoing into the air from deep within their mines. The snarling growl of the goblins and the constant feuding of their clans reached his ears. The lilting tones of the sea elves, a race only heard of in songs these days as they navigated the open waters of the seas half a world away, drifted to him. The strange tongue-biting spitting of some barbarian horde that eked out their livings beyond the Shock Muer offended his senses. And some things completely different:  the snakeling hiss of the Ouros and the choked and croaking voices of the Mara Dur; two races no woodland elf had ever encountered before although their voices had ridden the wind since glaciers slipped out of the hills and the Cur had been created. He opened his eyes and was disturbed to see that Halisill was shaking. 
The old elf put a hand to Melisill’s shoulder and the shaking subsided.
“What is it, Uncle?”
“There are many new voices on the air, strange voices from peoples I’ve never met in my wanderings and that I’ve only heard rarely before. They spoke with the voices of men, but in tongues the like I’ve never experienced. And the goblins; they snarl over their gold. Some voices are speaking of war, but that is as it’s always been. Some of them speak of this king. At least one voice lamented the loss to another, but the other was an elfin voice, a consoling voice: a voice that seemed familiar…, but not. The accent was different, one affected by the men of the north. Our king’s kinsmen it seems.”
“What do they say of this king?”  Melisill wished to have caught the voices that his uncle had discerned.
“The one, a human voice, laments about being powerless, and falls indistinct, despairing. The companion assures that hope is not completely lost, that the king has been sent to hands that would care for him. This is the voice that spoke with our accent and without it. It was strange in a way I’ve not heard before. Not of the gray elves or the brown elves, for they each have their own accents, their own ways of turning words around their tongues. This one had the faintest woodland accent, but was not a voice I can say I’ve heard before.”
“That seems a little presumptive, assuming that we would do anything with the king but push his boat back into the current. Providing this voice you heard refers to us.”  Melisill stared at his uncle, awaiting agreement, but the old elf continued with his interpretations.
“The other voices though, the new voices, they are searching for the king. They speak not of the barge of gold, nor of the shield and its legend, but of the king’s circlet, the thin crown of gold that rests upon his head. They are unconcerned with us and would push us aside or destroy us if we refuse to deliver this up to them. There is gathering for war from many of the quarters I’ve heard. In the old days, your father and I would have rushed down to play our part in the battles to come. For now it will be enough to prepare for the battle, to fight it on our own land, and to flee when the time comes.”
“You would have us flee?”  Melisill’s eyes opened wide. None of the songs of old had ever mentioned turning away from a battle. None of the elves who’d fallen in those wars had died without looking their foes in the face.
“When the time comes, yes. We have been long on peace, short on war for some hundreds of years now. You and the other young may practice and feel sharp, but something happens to that edge in the first clash against hostility. Besides, we are few and we would be alone in this. Our brothers to the northeast are too far away to arrive quickly and there are would-be enemies between them and us. It is likely they have been scattered already. The humans seem divided, but those that would stand with us have no leader. Thus, they stay in the north. The goblins are to be paid for their part with the golden barge and the passage to our southern range. And another race, one that I’ve never encountered before, though their voices have long been carried on the wind, pushes all of these pieces.”  Halisill looked at his nephew and studied his expression.
“We should go then?  Now?”  Melisill was prepared to begin the long run home, but Halisill gripped his shoulder tightly and slowed him.
“We have time.”
“Time enough to avert this?”
“No, but time enough to get home and prepare. Battle is still some ways off, several days at least. For their determination, they seem to move slowly. Perhaps the goblins remember our lessons and give their allies reason to hesitate. Perhaps they are sure of their quarry. I don’t know, but I do know they will not come upon us before we prepare a suitable reception. It may come to flight for us, but not before we give our neighbors reason to regret coming.”
They sat for a long while until weariness forced them to abandon their post. They climbed down the hillside and found a sheltering cup etched into the rock face on the leeward side of the hill. Dragging limbs from the fallen messil trees, Melisill made a fire. Halisill gathered leaves and dusty pine straw, and they made themselves comfortable as best they could on the hard ground. The strange aroma from the trees helped to clear their heads of the echoes of so many voices, and they fought back against a lingering hunger from the arduous trek and climb with a bag of huka nuts that Melisill kept tied in his quiver. They rolled themselves tighter within their cloaks and listened to the crickets and night birds and waited for the sleep to claim them. Halisill considered for a long time after Melisill had drifted off about what he’d told his young companion. He’d wanted to speak as candidly as he could about what was coming, hoping his nephew would not detect that he’d held something back about the voices on the wind, something that could be more frightening than men and goblins.

Chapter 5: The Apprentice’s Task

The Schill’s cottage nestled in the bottom of a small valley almost a league away from the king’s keep. Surrounded by trees on most sides, the tiny structure was lost in the shadows, but marked by a broad expanse of well-tended lawn and an immaculate herb garden where the sun and watercourse met. A natural spring bubbled out of the rocks and trickled its winding way down the valley until it met with another spring and gained the momentum of the combined waters. The Schill was often found in this small V tending to his garden. When he’d been granted a piece of land for his lengthy service to the kings, this was the land he’d chosen.
The windows of his cottage faced southward with a view of the retreating hills and the changing leaves. The springtime view held misted treetops in the cloudy distances and the wetness of fresh greenery; summers revealed the brightness of flowery blooms and the fragrance of herbs reaching their prime in his garden; the autumn brought myriad earthy colors and the pleasure of the first nipping air; and winters were close, snug times when the smoke that curled from his chimney was scented with the scrap wood fallen from the cedars that lined the other sides of the ice-crusted streams. The king had looked with an envious eye at the location chosen, but his grateful heart gave the land willingly, as long as the Schill continued to give service. The Schill had served well.
Around to the back of the cottage a short flight of stairs climbed to a small platform, a concession made to the king. Should his master have need of the Schill’s services, a special banner would be flown that could just be seen from this platform. He was to climb to his balcony thrice daily to see if he was summoned. A series of fire trails and paths threaded through the forests, but the Schill had his own path to the keep. He could reach the Theliant in under an hour by foot. The king would send fleet horses along the trails if the need was more immediate, but such times had become rare as the kingdom prospered and enjoyed peace.
The tidiness of the cottage’s exterior was matched within. Mercer Kihn, the apprentice, had the charge of keeping the inside of the cottage in order. Mornings were spent in maintenance, cleaning and dusting shelves, stacking wood, keeping the Schill’s library in order, and cooking their simple meals. He learned how to use the various herbs the Schill grew and was considered a good cook although most of his recipes were stews. Afternoons, the apprentice spent in the woods with his master, learning how to read the signs nature gave. His talent with the weather seemed natural; he was almost as skillful as the Schill in predicting storms and the all-important first frost of autumn and the dependable thaw of spring.
The Schill looked fondly at the young man who became his apprentice although the youth struggled with some of the other skills taught. ‘Concentrate,’ the Schill said often, his voice echoing back from the forests and fields and high places they visited. The boy was a natural farmer, but this was to be expected. His family and parents had been farmers; the orphaned boy had been found out in the western fields that grew the food that kept the kingdom fed. But the boy struggled to hear the wind, to communicate to the earth and the trees and the water, and to sense what that physical world felt. And he was still young, too young to read the hearts of men and see what drove them. He was also too young for what the Schill knew he would have to ask.
“I’ve readied my plans; I’ve made the arrangements,” the Schill said over a bowl of stew one evening after a long day in the king’s keep. He kept his own council when it came to his plan, defending his decision by pointing out that the less Mercer knew, the better. “Secrets are kept best when they remain secrets,” he said mysteriously, although it seemed to Mercer that his master was the best person in the world when it came to ferreting out a secret.
“Ah, this is one of those things I’ve been trying to teach you,” the Schill said when Mercer made this observation. “When you can figure out my secrets, then I’ll know that that part of your training and apprenticeship is over, but we are far from there.”
He smiled then, his small, fine teeth reflecting the flames. Mercer considered how different his master was from the other Thesilins. Their faces were open and heavy, almost blunted, but the Schill had very fine features. His skin was lighter, but not by much, his days in the sun adding darkness to his visage. He was quick and close, always saying less than what he thought. Mercer admired him greatly, despite his close-lipped tendencies. 
On this autumn day, he’d been gone since shortly after sunup. Mercer sat quietly, his mouth too full of dinner to speak. He knew that he had his own part in the plan, but couldn’t say what it would be; as usual, his master had yet to tell him, and wouldn’t until he felt the time right. After a long while, Mercer set his spoon aside and watched the old half-elf eat the rest of the stew. The Schill nodded in appreciation.
“Have you determined what the king will do then?” Mercer asked as he collected the bowls and cutlery and dropped them into a tub of spring water.
“You refer to the usurper, which is not quite the same thing. But to answer your question, I have. And I’ve determined your course as well although the waters are a little muddied still. I haven’t fully determined what your part will be. There is time, but even that is now running short, and I begin to feel pressed in the matter. I will know more and so will you before we have to act. I hope.”
“Can you tell me anything yet?”
“I cannot, but don’t judge me harshly here,” the Schill said when he saw Mercer frown. “I cannot tell you because I have not fully figured out when he will do what he has in mind. I read him easily enough now that I give him more attention, and know what he will do, but not when he will act. I did not foresee his usurpation though, and I should have. I gave him little enough attention when he was merely the king’s  brother, and it seems we all share in those consequences. But now his plan begins to come clear.”
“Can you share that much with me?” Mercer poured a flagon of sweet wine and set it before the Schill. For himself he pushed a kettle of water over the flames and dropped in tea leaves.
“I can tell what I know, and if you’ve learned anything of men, you will guess the rest. But perhaps not.” The Schill took a drink of the wine and rolled the flagon between his thin fingers. He looked around the cottage. Mercer saw that there was sorrow in the expression, but kept quiet.
“You are aware that the princess has not been seen this last week or so. Rumor says that she is cloistered up in her grief, but I know the origins of that rumor and therefore have my doubts. She is a prisoner, and I know where. But I’ve made arrangements.”
That word again, Mercer thought with some frustration. “He would dare to do that to his niece?” he said.
“He dares much more, but that is not for us to worry over. His reign will not last, but before it ends, he will have me arrested. I have irked him somewhat and he suspects that my hand is the one that denies him what he seeks.”
“Arrested!”
“Well, not so much arrested as merely held for my own good, a reminder that I am sworn to serve the kings of Thesilia. He would have me advise him although he feels his wisdom surpasses mine and he would little heed what I have to say. I read his heart only too well now,” the Schill said and sipped his wine.
“Would he resort to torture or torment? Your words begin to make me fearful.” Mercer’s hands shook as he poured more wine into the flagon. The Schill took those hands into his own, and Mercer was calmed.
“No, he hasn’t sunk so low. He knows that I am worth more to him alive and cooperative than dead. He will try with honey before he brings out the vinegar. He’ll put me with the princess, wherever she is, and he’ll either eavesdrop or expect her to reveal what passes between us, perhaps as the price of her life. He thinks her weak, but I believe she has her father’s iron in her. It only needs provoking to come out. I don’t know that she realizes her danger however. As the rightful heir, she would of course have allowed him to govern until she came of age, but the hunger for power is already upon him and he may discard her when her purpose is served. This cannot come to pass. I am sworn to serve the heirs of kings by rightful succession. He breaks this chain and wishes the crown for himself.”
Mercer noted that the sun had set during the meal and ensuing talk. He tapped the side of the kettle and found it only lukewarm. He roused the embers and added fresh logs to the fire. The Schill stretched his legs and pulled a pipe and tobacco from a side drawer. He grasped a burning twig and ignited the tobacco, drawing the smoke deeply. He sighed.
“I suppose I should tell you something of your part although I cannot see through to the end what it will be. You know that I have hidden the king’s blade, and this the usurper wants almost as much as he does the crown. I would have you carry this away from Thesilia. West I would have you go, for the road east will be dangerous with Thesilia’s new enemies. South will be equally dangerous with Marwaer’s troop on that road following the king. His enemies have taken that road as well though to what purpose, I don’t know. And north will be too cold with the onset of winter looming so near. West it would have to be, although I don’t know how you should go. I have other arrangements to make. Does it please you to know so much of your burden now?”
“I was never pleased to think of leaving my home here, nor of being separated from you. Your other arrangements are even more troubling since I have no knowledge of them.”
The Schill looked at the strained face of his apprentice and nodded. The boy was too young to have such responsibility thrust upon him, but there were no others he could trust who didn’t already have a part to play. He sighed again to think that this had been the lifelong cost of being an outcast in the land he grew to think of as his home.

Chapter 6: Reluctant Thief

“Just get it and go west,” the Schill said, his old voice turning hoarse from the exertion of flight. He’d run most of a league to urge his apprentice away before the young man was taken by the guards that even now must be on the road to the cottage. Get it and go west: hardly useful instructions, Mercer Kihn thought. But the time had been too brief, the matter too urgent for more of the plan to unfold, for the Schill to divulge all of the ‘arrangements.’ “The time is much shorter than I anticipated, and my steps have been dogged much lately; I have been much observed. I couldn’t have carried it away. You remember where I told you it is? It falls to you to do this,” the Schill said and pushed him to the back of the cottage. He pulled open the shutters, urging the young man to speed before the house was surrounded. Mercer had only just climbed through the window before the front door was smashed almost from its hinges and the king’s guard rushed in. From within the edge of the wood, he listened to the questions they put to his master. The Schill remained silent knowing they would fear that he was working a spell to put on them. They feared his ability to read men and predict their actions, calling it magic or witchcraft.
Things grew quiet within the house. Keeping to the heavier shadows and stealing through the underbrush, Mercer circled to the front of the house and saw a group of the king’s cavalry, their horses cropping the incredible greenery of the Schill’s fine, trimmed lawn. Their eyes concentrated on the door of the cottage. One soldier was on the ground, a flint ready to strike sparks into a handful of dried straw. Others stood with unfired torches in hand in case the Schill gave them trouble; they would burn him with the house if he didn’t come peacefully. 
Mercer shrank back into the deeper shadows, his heart beating within his chest at the possible violence the guards might visit on the Schill, not to mention the torments the new king would bring if the Schill refused to serve. The old man was being led away from the cottage with hard, tight knots bruising his thin wrists and a dirty gag stuffed into his mouth. His cloak was in rags, the pockets and sleeves ripped open, the seams sliced apart in the search for any weapon. He looked older and weak and beaten down, but his eyes were still sharp, his posture still tense. The Schill looked from the corners of his eyes, and Mercer knew that his master had seen him despite the dusky gray of his cloak and the darker corner of the wood where he was hiding. The Schill nodded slightly, a gesture that his captors didn’t note. “Get it and go west,” his nod seemed to be ordering.
Mercer nodded back although the gesture was unseen. He watched as the Schill was loaded onto a horse. Most of the cavalcade wheeled and began to walk their mounts up the fire trails to the main road. Mercer was disappointed that four horses remained; four guards waited within the cottage for his return.
He ran then, up the slight incline and out of the valley, straight toward the king’s keep, always in the shadows, always off the trails, but back in the direction he was least expected to take since the king’s guards were seeking him as well. His feet made the barest impression and no sound along the worn path. He took the direct route the Schill had trampled, a scanty thin track between trees and thickets, beaten down to the bare dirt after years of service to the late kings. Thaufwaer the Sane had been poisoned and the Schill foretold this day, but with fewer details than Mercer would have liked.
He felt foolish running toward danger, but his master always told him that where enemies were concerned, the least obvious choice was the choice to make. Mercer thought wryly that the Schill was good to his word with this advice, particularly when you considered where he’d hidden the king’s sword. But it didn’t make running into danger any more comforting.
The trail ran close to some of the many roads scribbling their way through the forest. He heard horses trotting up and down the trails, saw occasional flashes of armor on their riders, the glint of lances reaching into the failing sunlight. As he continued northward traveling parallel to the road, he noted that more of the king’s guards were going away from the keep and fewer were going towards it. The occasional snatches of conversation to be heard were more about the things stolen than they were about him, although he did hear references to the “magician’s aide” an epithet that had always made the Schill laugh. The Schill pointed out that to the ignorant, there probably wasn’t any difference between what he did and what ‘magicians’ do. Most people, he said, were too deaf, blind, or preoccupied to pay attention to the signs the earth gave up. As “magician’s aide,” Mercer remained relatively anonymous, but found these overheard references to himself  and the detachment of guards watching for him alarming.
He stopped to rest when he heard the large troop of cavalry walking their horses up the king’s highway only thirty paces away. Their shadows appeared on the pale stones of the road, visible through an alley between tree trunks. Mercer put his back to a tree to wait for the clatter of the horses’ hoofs, the spray of the kicked stones to fade into the distance. His senses alert, he listened to the conversation between a pair of officers, senior men in the king’s service who’d made vows to the crown, regardless of who wore it. He picked up on another sound, a sort of muffled call, almost a mewling sound, but with some semblance of speech.
Chancing a glance around the tree trunk, he spotted the cavalcade, twenty or so soldiers and guards dressed in the familiar red of Thesilia. There on a horse between the officers, seeming small in stature, rode the Schill. Compared to the officers and warriors that made up his escort dressed in their heavy armor glinting in the late afternoon sun, he appeared weak and frail, and yet the soldiers that rode behind him had lances pointed at his back or swords in their hands. One officer held the reins of the Schill’s horse. Mercer got the sense that again the Schill had seen him despite his absolute stillness and the passing glance he’d given to the woods on either side of the trail, and that again, his master was urging him to “Get it and go west.”
Getting it had never been a part of Mercer’s understanding of the plan. The plan had been incomplete, but he never anticipated having to act as a thief. But it seemed the Schill’s understanding of the new king was also incomplete. Mercer wondered then if the Schill’s arrangements would be for nothing, if the unpredictability of Marwaer had thrown all the Schill’s plans into turmoil. It was only a matter of timing, he told himself; things will unfold as the Schill predicted, he was confident. But his heart began to fail him when he thought of where the Schill had hidden the sword. 
And west, still?  Mercer knew nobody and nothing of the west, not even the farmers that cultivated the western folds of Thesilia would be familiar to him anymore. He’d been small when he’d been taken away from the western farms. And he’d never been beyond Thesilia’s borders, knowing even less of those lands except that they were inhabited by trolls and other races he’d prefer not to meet. He breathed deeply and told himself again that the Schill knew what he was doing. He hoped.
He listened to the clopping of the hoofs growing dimmer and fled further up the trail when the sound was gone altogether. From here the Schill’s trail ran relatively straight for nearly a thousand paces further before curving and twisting to the back of the keep. It ended at a small door, a secreted private entrance that he’d used in the service of the former king. It also served as a bolt hole in case the king ever needed to flee, although nobody could ever imagine that need. He’d not revealed it to the new king. A thick growth of heather and brambles that grew in a short maze hid the door. The crabapple tree that marked the curve of the trail looked small and too far away to be comforting. There were still several larger trails left that he would have to cross to approach the door. This included a fire trail, a huge swath of cleared forest that could be seen from the top of the keep where the king’s guard watched for both fires and enemies. The fire trails had been just one of the many things the Schill had suggested to the kings of Thesilia.
The first road was clear in both directions and he scrambled across and ran into deeper woods, not even listening to determine if he’d been seen. The next crossing was the fire trail. He could hear voices calling from around a curve further down the track. He looked to the walls of the keep. The guards were clustered together, looking southward toward where the road bent, their attention on the approaching group of horsemen and their captive. Screened by the bend, Mercer rushed across and stopped, listening for a hint that he’d been discovered. The voices stopped with an alarming suddenness. The sounds of the horses ceased as suddenly. One of the horses snorted and coughed as the reins were pulled tight. He heard leather creak and the sound of somebody stepping out of their saddle into the raspy, long weeds. The footsteps came closer and Mercer could hear that the person making them was trying to be quiet without much success. He heard the man step off out of the spiny grasses and into the bracken and dried leaves of the forest floor.
Backing into the deeper woods, Mercer felt a tree trunk behind him and slid around it and crouched in the long tangled vines and shrubs at its base. He could see the shadow of the man falling within the opening of the Schill’s trail. For the space of sixty fast heartbeats, the man peered into the woods, his interest in the barely perceptible path waning along with the daylight. Mercer watched from beneath the thicker branches of a piney shrub. One of the new king’s own guard, with the crimson slash across his armor and the red moons of Apithor on either side was searching the shadows, a scowl on his face. The man turned and signaled to his companions. They brought his horse forward and he mounted and led them up the trail and out of sight.
The last road had a guard mounted at the end nearest the king’s keep, only about fifty paces away in the shadows of a gigantic war engine. So, the new king was already anticipating trouble, Mercer thought without surprise, and remembered that his master spoke of other enemies. A handful of men in the crimson stained armor stood near a fire talking and joking and passing a wine sac between them. Mercer listened and learned that the Schill had been dragged bodily into the keep while the soldiers laughed and taunted him to cast his spells around the dirty rag they’d stuffed into his mouth. “Let him cast his spells on the birds,” they cried when they were told that the king was going to confine him to the tower along with “the upstart.”
Mercer crawled back to a gap in the trail and lay down in a bed of grasses where deer had flattened out a hollow. He waited for full night to come along. He dozed as he listened to the hum of insects, startling awake whenever the sounds of horses and men drifted to him from the road. As evening arrived and the air grew chill, he contented himself with watching the stars appear between the leaves and the clouds slip past in ominous formations. The first moon was up and approaching full, but the clouds drifted by in long ragged columns that sometimes hid it from view completely.
The Schill is in the tower, he thought, just like the old man had predicted would happen. And the keep was guarded beyond the usual posting of sentries. He was surprised to realize that this end of the keep, the western end, was on guard for him as much as for any enemy from abroad. The guards seemed careless, calling to one another in mirth, boasting and offering challenges. Mercer recognized none of the voices; none of the guardsmen had been members of the old king’s household. He watched their fire shrink by degrees until it seemed that none of them were roused enough to put more wood into the blaze. Slowly, the jokes ceased and the conversations seemed to end. When the camp fell silent, he crept out to the edge of the road and waited for the moon to be shadowed once more, and then he slipped across the trail. 
His heart caught in his throat as he noted that at least one of the guards wasn’t sleeping, but was standing up, leaning against one of the heavy beams of the catapult, and looking straight down the road at where Mercer was crossing. He ran along the trail. He ducked around the crabapple and slithered through the mazed thicket that hid the entrance. The door was down a short stair. Mercer waited, looking through the tangled branches and leaves for movement. There was no sound of pursuit although he could have sworn that he’d been seen, that the eyes of the guard had looked into his, and that there had been recognition. If the guard didn’t recognize him, he would at least have recognized that somebody was crossing. He watched the trail back to the road, but no figure appeared there. He waited until his heart slowed and his breathing eased before he decided that perhaps he hadn’t been seen, that perhaps it had been too dark and the guard’s vision too ruined by the firelight, or maybe that he’d been taken for a deer. He also considered that maybe it had been his imagination that he’d seen the guard’s eyes staring back.
Mercer turned back to the keep, a towering structure reaching as high as four flights in some places with battlements and other towers reaching even further into the skies. No windows faced outward on this side of the keep, the western side that was buffeted cruelly by the winds of winter. There was no guard except for the watch in one of the higher battlements looking outward toward the distant mountains. The walls were sheer and of a thick stone that would turn away anything a catapult could throw. This side of the keep was also buffered by the western fields and the guard was usually minimal. The other side of the keep would be lower and much more fully manned. 
Mercer turned back to the entrance and noted that the door was ajar. The heavy oak door—actually a half-door—with iron bands and hinges hung open with only the smallest crack revealing the deeper dark of the chamber within. He listened from outside for the tell-tale signs of somebody waiting in those shadows. He awaited the rustle of cloth as the impatient moved to stay loose and comfortable, the quiet breathing of somebody attempting to be stealthy, the heartbeat of a person standing inside the door almost as nervous as he was standing outside it. A small sound came from within, too small and tiny and constant to be human. After a few moments, a mouse slipped from beneath the door and disappeared into the weeds. No other sound came from within. He pulled the door aside and was greeted with the slow rustle of the door’s bottom over the longer grasses and the smell of cool, stuffy air. Nobody was waiting with drawn blades or bindings for him. Moonlight splashed over the threshold giving a grayish glow to the chamber.
The stairs climbing up at the end of the chamber were dusty with only small sets of footprints going up and down. Mercer recognized the Shill’s woodscaps and the small prints his elfin style boots made. Who else would have known about the passage and the small chamber besides the old king and the Schill, Mercer wondered. He hoped that no others had been told of its existence as he began to climb upward. This mission may already be a failure waiting only for him to bring it to its inglorious end. The stairway led directly to a private foyer and an adjoining throne room. The throne room was one of the minor audience halls built near each of the keep’s main entrances where the king could hear his subjects that lived outside the keep. The Schill had used this way often, meeting secretly with the old king to share things that only the old man seemed able to learn, things that helped to make the king’s realm that much greater. But the king was dead now, and the Schill’s services withheld. And the new king, the usurper, had had the Schill arrested.
Mercer approached the top step and hesitated behind the small door, a trap door really, large enough for no more than one person at a time. Even then, the person would have to be small to fit through with ease. He hoped that it wouldn’t become a trap-door in the worst sense of the word. He seemed to sense a muted presence on the other side but couldn’t hear anything. Looking through the tiniest of spaces at the bottom of the door, he could see nothing but the dim room and the vague outlines of furniture, including a smaller version of the king’s throne set against the far wall on a wooden platform. He eased the door open and listened. A draught of cool air breezed over him, refreshing him after the stuffy air of the chamber and the heat of his intense stealth. Inside the room, a small passage separated the audience room from the foyer off to the right. He could see marbled flagstones marking the transition from one room to the other. The marble glowed with the light of a lantern that burned behind the closed door of the study. A faint snore came from the other side of the door.
With feathery steps he crawled through the door and crouched his way to the throne. He pressed his back to the wall next to it. The throne was of oak with gold flakes worked into intricate designs on each flat surface and beveled jewels adorning each corner. The back rest was tall, almost reaching to the ceiling and was decorated with great folds of purple cloth trimmed with the red of the Thesilin soldiery. The cloth hung regally over the cushioned seat and almost to the floor on either side. Mercer noted that the throne was of one piece with the platform; that the whole thing would have to be disassembled if it were ever to be moved. He reached behind it, his forearm squeezing into the tight space until he felt that it would get stuck. His fingers grasped for the blade that the Schill told him would be there. They closed on the leather of the scabbard, hard rough edges and thick threaded stitching, and he began pulling it from its hiding place. He nearly fumbled it when he reached the edge of the throne and his fist was too large to pull through the space. With an eye toward the study door and the undisturbed light shining under it, he guided the sword out. 
Trust the Schill to hide the king’s blade only inches from where the Thesilin ruler spent a portion of each day and the absolute last place anybody would have thought to look for it. “Live a few hundred years among humans,” the Schill was fond of saying, “and you learn a few things about them including their obstinate disbeliefs.”  A puzzling thing to say, considering that the Schill was himself half-human. Mercer tried to imagine what it would be like to live for hundreds of years, and wondered what the new king had done with his master, if other cruelty and torment accompanied the insult of being gagged and arrested. He suppressed these wandering thoughts before they could become distractions. There was the vaguest rumor of movement coming from the other room; whoever slept there shifted, making their cloth slip and the furniture creak. It was enough to make his breath catch, but after a few moments the light snoring continued. 
Moving with as much stealth as his now jangling nerves would allow, he slid back across the room and through the Schill’s secret passage. He trembled at what he’d done. If caught, he would surely have been executed as a traitor, the Schill probably hanging next to him. Nervous energy made him unsteady. He took a breath to calm himself. He guided the door closed behind him and crept halfway down the stairs, listening for sounds from outside the chamber. He breathed easier when only the sounds of chirruping night insects and a distant owl could be heard.
He measured the weight of the sword then.
It was heavy. The scabbard itself was long and unwieldy, reaching to the ground when he hung it on the rope around his waist. He wouldn’t be able to run without it bouncing along, digging into the dirt, making furrows that would be easy to follow. It would affect the running as well, catching onto things, bouncing against his thigh, or tripping him unless he continuously held it against his side. The sword was another matter:  many times the weight of the stiff leather scabbard and considerably longer too. The expansive hilt was meant for two large hands. He couldn’t imagine taking it into battle; the weight alone would tire a man before many strokes had fallen. Without a doubt, a smashing or slashing weapon, something used to beat enemies down and batter them submission or to slice the life away from them. Hardly any point in trying to use it to stab. Its weight would not be an ally then. 
He lifted it from the strand of rope and considered the alternate possibilities; it simply wouldn’t do to carry it that way. Pulling the rope from the loops of his trousers, he made a sling for the monstrous sword and strung it over his shoulder, an arrangement that still felt awkward, but would make travel much easier. The sword stretched from above his right shoulder almost down to his left thigh and was still heavy, but manageable.
All was quiet up the stairs to the throne room. Nobody had noted his presence it seemed, no darker shadows showed through the crack at the bottom of the door. But looking back down at the steps, he froze and felt a cold draught roll up from under his cloak and a shiver that literally shook his shoulders despite the heavy weight of the sword. In the half light of the moon, the prints of somebody who’d stood on the bottom step, somebody with large heel and toe cavalry boots, were smeared into the dust beside his and the Schill’s footprints. Somebody had followed. Mercer cursed himself for giving so much attention to the throne room and what lay before him as he went up, and for forgetting about the fear he felt after he’d crossed the road and what came behind him. Casting about quickly in the small room, there was no other sign of the follower, but it did little to comfort him.
He took another shallow breath to calm himself. Back up or continue down was the question he wished he didn’t have to consider. He was unlikely to navigate the corridors of the keep without being seen. Even if he could pretend to be a servant, he couldn’t well walk about with the king’s sword slung onto his back. Down it was then.
Outside, the shadows made by the thicket wavered and the shadowed edge of the first moon began to fade where it fell near the opened door. Mercer listened, straining his ears more than he’d ever done before. It was even more than when the Schill was prodding him through his training if that’s what all that sitting up in the high places was, he thought to himself. The sound was faint, but it was there. A breath, a slight crease of cloth over an expanding chest, the tiniest whistle of air through a hairy nostril. The shadows faded, the moon nearly hidden behind a wall of passing cloud. Even the starlight seemed to be dimming. Nothing to give away the man’s position; he would be pressed up against the wall. But which side?  Mercer turned his attention to the stairs behind, but still nothing was there.
Turning back to the door, another question halted him: what if there was more than one?
Again, only the vaguest breath, punctuated with a short sniff, an unsuccessful attempt to stifle what seemed to be a runny nose. But then also, a vague shuffling of a foot, a stiff leather boot sole prodding some loose dirt, came from somewhere else outside of the doorway. Two of them, one on each side. Mercer hoped it was only the two. To wait them out only meant that he’d be captured as soon as daylight came if not sooner. He collected himself, tightened the improvised sling for the sword without making a sound and the long lacings of his woodscaps, with only the thinnest hissing of leather pulled through the guides. His boots were the same style of hide-soled stocking that the Schill wore, quiet as a caterpillar on a leaf.
The sound of activity from the room beyond the tops step and the sudden glare of torchlight shining beneath the door decided things for him. He crouched, waiting the last few moments as the shadows shifted outside the door.
When the doorway was full dark and the moon was only a silver trace beyond the clouds, he sprang over the threshold and jumped the short stairway two steps at a time. He heard a grunt behind him as one surprised guard pushed away from the wall, but further sounds were lost in the rustling of Mercer’s charge through the maze of the thicket. The hilt of the sword snagged on the lower branches, but Mercer twisted and turned himself until he rolled scrabbling from beneath the hedge. A moment’s hesitation revealed several guards slashing at the thicket trying to clear an easier way through in the darkness, cursing loudly at their lack of progress, and shouting for the other guards. The suddenness of Mercer’s appearance left them unprepared for his frenzied flight.
The camp was roused; the fire was built high. The guards were on their feet with weapons shining firelight in their hands. Mercer could see more guards in front of him trying to penetrate the twilight murk of the woods, the shadows beneath the trees. They stood as if waiting for battle, dark silhouettes against the clear space of the road ahead, one on either side of the Schill’s narrow path and two more beyond. Plunging from the path, Mercer squirmed into another thicket, crawling beneath thorny branches, one hand getting scratched as he clung to the sword on his back, the taste of dirt and old dried up weeds in his mouth. Leaves rustled beneath him and disturbed birds twittered and screamed to find their perches shaken by his passing. Looking back, torches burned at the edge of the brush and rough voices called out curses and directions. In the distance, other torches bobbed down the road parallel to the course Mercer was taking. Even more guards looked for another track in the woods that would bring them to the other side of the thicket. But the paths were few, the woods and thickets allowed to grow until almost impassable, another defense for that side of the keep.
Pausing for the space of thirty fast heartbeats, he stopped to listen. Boots continued to pound up and down the trail behind him. Guards slashed at the thick brush looking for ways into the heavier wood and the brambles, swords chopping into thick branches. Leather creaked and pieces of armor clanked and rattled as they struggled to find ways in. Confused voices asked for directions and curt voices gave rough answers about the heavy woods. Branches swung back and forth, pushed aside and bouncing back to swat the unwary. Curses rose from guards wandering into the spiked bushes or tripping on the long thorny vines into more thorns or stiff gouging branches. Off to the left, the torches continued to move down the road in even spaces, the guards spreading themselves out. One torch began to approach through the trees, throwing out sharp shadows as the guard twisted and turned his way towards the thicket, ripping the thinner vines and thorns out of his way with a heavy gauntleted hand. His progress was blocked by thick vines draped over branches and heavy brambles clogging the path of his feet.
Mercer listened to the struggle for only moments before he rolled and lunged and fought the creeping vines and stickers, moving further back away from the approaching torch, until he came out of the thicket in an open stretch of grass back near the king’s keep. The walls rose straight up, seeming as threatening as they were secure. Sweat was stinging the many scratches suffered in the unforgiving brush. The gash of a hardened stick that had poked him on his neck dribbled blood. A light was burning up above on one of the ramparts of the keep, but no outlines of guards moved against the sky.
A trace of a trail showed between the trees and the wall and he ran, his heart hammering in time to the bouncing of the sword on his back. He could feel blood dripping from his neck into his collar. The sword had loosened during the fight with the clinging plants and cramped crawling space and felt as if it would fall off at any moment. The rope sling was jerking and burning against his shoulder. He pulled the sling tighter, and grasping the leather of the sheath in his hands, raced into the night until the torches fell far behind, the guards still lined along the road and concentrating on the thicket.

Chapter 7: Advisor to Kings

His face looked ageless, but the wrinkles that formed when he smiled and the creases that lined his forehead when he was lost in thought revealed that he was older than initial appearances suggested. Considerably older. Eyes the color of spring maple leaves peered out from beneath his wrinkled brows. His long slim fingers and slight build were evidence that his father had been an elf. The clothes he wore fell in loose folds over his shoulders and across his chest, clothes that were meant for somebody of a much larger stature. His own clothes had been taken away and torn to pieces for fear that he kept a weapon in them.
The Schill was thrown into the small room at the top of the southernmost tower of the keep. His hands were tied behind his back; he was unable to catch himself as he fell and landed solidly on his shoulder, his head bouncing off the hard wood of the floor. An agony of pain threatened to turn his stomach over, but he lay still against the rising gall and wondered if they would do more to him. He knew they didn’t intend to kill him, at least not yet, but doubted they’d have qualms about issuing additional pain to the man who’d been the old king’s favorite. More boots thudded into the room. He waited to be kicked, but it seemed none approached intent on giving him further harm. He looked over his shoulder. Marwaer, king Thaufwaer’s brother, stood in the doorway flanked by guards from his own troop, with the crimson and flame colored moons of Apithor sewn over each breast on their cloaks. Thaufwaer’s symbol had been the sun blazing behind a single rose. The pain the Schill felt gave way to grief and anger over the old king’s death, but he remained quiet.
Marwaer’s face was gnarled and grizzled, his eyes brimming with distaste and revulsion. The corners of his mouth were turned down. He turned aside and spit onto the floor beside the doorway.
The Schill turned away, closed his eyes, and let his head droop back down to the floor. If they thought that he was unconscious, maybe they would leave him alone for a while, perhaps even long enough for him learn the full extent of their plans before he made his escape. He listened to the heavy boots scrape the floor as they turned away, but noted that it was only the guards leaving.
“You will serve me, or it will be your bones alone that escape this place,” Marwaer sneered before he too stepped to the corridor and pulled the heavy door shut with a loud clash.
The Schill heard the iron bolt clank into place, but remained unmoving. He knew Marwaer was yet there, listening. He relaxed and slumped even further on the hard floor. He kept his eyes closed although he could feel somebody else in the room, somebody he expected to find there. He listened to the catch in her breathing and imagined her eyes wide with the shock of sharing this cell with him. The princess Lisle who had never had to share anything with anyone was now locked up with one of her father’s servants. A half-breed at that. She would be one to make note of that indignity.
Outside the door Marwaer gave orders before his boots could be heard clumping down the spiral steps of the tower, a sound that went on it seemed for a very long time. The tallest tower of the keep; from its uppermost windows could be seen almost the entire breadth of Thesilia: the mountains in the north and the spare glint of the river in the south. The wooden framework for the roof of the tower was visible overhead and in this chamber a single high window let in an arched square of late evening sunlight. A cold hearth with the remains of furniture pieces blackened along the edges lined a curved section of the room. Other broken pieces of furniture were stacked next to the fireplace, but the tinderbox was empty, the lighting flints long worn to unusable nubs. It was cold in the room. From where he lay on the floor, The Schill could see other pieces of furniture that weren’t completely beyond use scattered around the room, including a sling cot stacked with moth-eaten blankets and shapeless pillows. He rolled to his back to look at the girl, Thaufwaer’s daughter, a child he’d seen only a few times during her sixteen years and had never spoken to.
She had the look of her father: heavy features, sharp nose, and blue green eyes that looked as if they were never denied, although there was an element of fear in them now. Her hair was the fading yellow of shaded flowers and was gathered in a golden circlet, a small replica of the king’s crown, over her left shoulder. Her hands were together on her lap, her fingers entwined and flashing golden rings with small jewels. The cloak she wore was of the finest linens with a fur collar that looked out of place in the meanness of the tower cell and was pulled tight against the chill of the room. She stared at the Schill, her eyes unwavering despite the apprehension that was obvious in them.
“You are the Schill,” she stated after a few moments of staring, “one of my father’s servants.”  The voice was soft but decided, almost confident although the Schill found little to be confident about.
“I am, Princess, although it is not the name that I was given at birth. Your father and his fathers before him have all called me and my kind Schill, the name bestowed on my own father when he first entered into service for the kings of old. Your ancestors gave us this name, or at least adopted it from others. But I stopped being a servant long ago. I’ve been more of an advisor for a long time now, although I haven’t been able to lose the name.”  Even though he was still reclined on the floor, he tipped his head in a brief bow to the girl. He felt a wash of pain and already felt the tightening of the knot that was rising over his left eyebrow.
“And what do you call yourself,” she asked, “if Schill is not your real name?”
“The name given me by my father is Clovisill, of the elfin tongue, meaning Two Hands. He was of the southern realm far beyond the roaring and tumbling of the Silwing River that we call , beyond the ghost-ridden Murkhiil Plains and farther still, beyond the wastes of Dullgled where the goblins scratch for the shininess of gold and burrow into their smelly holes. His name was never known to your family, those ancestors of yours who simply called him Schill, the word meaning ‘slave’ in the ogre tongue. And so he appeared to be, held to an oath that was made under the pain of death if he refused. One of your great grandfathers did this to him.”
The princess grew quiet, wary of the stranger. Had she detected a note of malice in his voice?  He didn’t seem particularly dangerous: frail-looking and skinny in the immense rags and flat on his back. She breathed a shallow sigh, weary of her confines within the tower. A week now she had been held here. Her uncle had not threatened her, but nor had he offered her any apologies for locking her up. She was fed from the king’s table and had been allowed her attendants, but the attendants had all been taken away before they’d brought this old man up. He continued to lie on the floor, on top of his tied hands. She watched him struggle a few moments before he tossed aside the lengths of rope that had been around his wrists. He sat up, rubbing the knot that sprung up above his eyebrow, an unworried expression on his face. Did she see a sly gleam of confidence there?  What had he to be so assured about?
“What would you have me call you?” she asked, ignoring the imperious look.
“Schill will do, Princess. As I served your father as advisor, so shall I serve you, in time perhaps. Besides, it is a name I’ve grown used to. I’ve not been called by my real name since my father’s death.”
“Do you make magic?”  She leaned forward, her curiosity overwhelming the apprehensions of speaking with this old man regardless of any grudge he may have held for ancient history. He spoke with a blatantly candid voice that couldn’t have hidden falsehood.
“I don’t make magic; it is not within me or even within my father’s people, although to humans it appears so. Humans have no real grasp of what magic is and how rare it has become since the last dragons were killed ages ago. My mother was human, married to my father through the force of another’s will. A superstitious woman, she feared my father for the things he knew, the things he could predict. It must have seemed that he could conjure events that he simply foretold; that he could make things happen. He allowed people to believe him capable of this power, this magical sense, although it wasn’t a power he possessed. Nor do I possess it, but I am not about to deny it to those willing believers. This great secret he shared with nobody except the king, his sworn master, although as I say, his oath was forced. It was his foretelling that was the greatest service to the old kings, and the thing that raised him up from merely a slave to a trusted advisor.”
“What kind of things could he tell?”  The Princess watched him push himself to a sitting position and straighten the overlarge clothes he’d been forced to wear. He crossed his legs and stared up at her, the knot going dark over his eye.
“He told the old kings when to plant their crops, where to plant, and what kinds of plants would grow best. He predicted the storms and the droughts. He could foretell when Thesilia’s enemies were moving and where they were going and whether Thesilia needed to prepare. He told them where battles would be won and lost, where there was wealth to be claimed, who to trust and who not to turn their backs on. He advised them of who to make their treaties with and when to break them, what prices to set for their surpluses of crops, where to best pasture the kingdom’s stock, where the natural wealth of their land was. In short he told them how to become prosperous while he asked for no share of this wealth. And none was ever offered, not that it mattered to him. He is the reason you now wear finery and gold rings, and your father could command a large, willing army of his many happy subjects. He is the reason Thesilia is the richest kingdom in all the Nor Garnot. Even the dwarfs with their criche-rich mines beyond the icy plains in the north are envious.”
“And you do these things also?”
“I did, but I’ll not do them for your uncle.”
The girl looked hard at him, unsure whether to believe him. Old tales told of a time when her people scraped their livings from the soil as unskilled farmers, an unbanded scattering of people so poor and easily overthrown that none bothered to invade. A time without a king. According to the Schill his father alone reversed their fortunes, had somehow pushed the early chieftains to forge a kingdom. It seemed too incredible to believe. Yet this man seemed sincere while her uncle was ever devious, an unscrupulous liar. What did it matter though, she thought. The kingdom seemed to be coming apart. Loyalties were split between her dead father’s broken line of succession and the usurper’s grasp of power. “The army is breaking up.” Her voice was flat.
The Schill wondered if perhaps she had paid more attention to her father’s rule than he had anticipated. “They are splitting,” he said, “because not all of them would swear fealty to your uncle. Your father’s death seemed unnatural and your uncle has become a usurper and noble men do not follow such. Obviously not all men are noble; some have allowed their meaner instincts to guide them.”  He turned and cast his voice a little louder so the listeners outside the door would hear. He suspected that it was as much insult as he could offer to Marwaer and the guards without arousing too much anger and bringing them back into the chamber. When he turned back to the princess, he was surprised to see tears trickling over her cheeks.
“It was unnatural,” she sobbed, her voice now choked and catching between sniffles. The Schill looked closer and saw that the initial strength of the girl had given way to despair, that her eyes wore the puffiness of many tears, that despite her regal demeanor and the richness of her cloak she was wretched. He stood and offered her the ragged cuff of the oversize jacket he’d been forced into. She waved him away and pulled a sodden kerchief from the pocket of her cloak and began dabbing the moisture from her cheeks.
The Schill waited for her to regain her composure. She brushed her knuckles beneath her eyes and pushed the handkerchief back into her pocket. 
“Let us not speak of that now,” he implored, his voice low and desperate. “There will be another time when we can discuss this and I will tell you all that I know then. For now let it suffice that his death was unnatural.”  He hoped this mild dissuasion would close the subject, but the princess looked ever closer at him.
“You know,” she accused, the tears threatening again to well up, suspicion tainting her voice with an edge that sheared away the softness. “You know why he died, how he died!”  The regal voice began to gain strength; instead of shedding tears, her eyes began to harden in the same way the Schill had seen her father’s eyes become sharp and steely when he became displeased by the reports of his captains. She raised herself up and glared at him, her eyes looking down into his. “You will tell me now!”  Her voice overflowed with the quality of command, an insistence that almost made the Schill open his mouth without thought and tell her everything. He felt the respect he’d given to her father surge through him. She was capable of earning that same respect and would be a magnificent queen. If she lived that long. If she escaped the purge already planned by her usurping uncle.
He closed his mouth and looked away, but not before she saw the admiration in his eyes, a troubling, puzzling thing that drew her aback. What exactly was this Schill, she wondered.
“I will not,” he stated without looking at her. “I have reasons that I can only explain to you later, elsewhere.”  After a few moments of stillness with only the sound of their breathing in the room, he climbed to his feet, lifted a broken-backed chair, and carried it to the chamber’s one high window. He frowned when he saw that it would not be tall enough to bring the window ledge into reach and looked around the room for another piece that would be sturdy enough to hold his weight. Something about his movements, their preciseness, almost seemed rehearsed. The princess watched, curiosity over his actions overcoming curiosity over his person. He turned and put his fingers to his lips and pointed toward the door.
Of course they were listening. They had listened to all that was said between her and her servants, but that was mostly gossip. Mostly it was just the guards although there had been times when Marwaer allowed his presence without to be known. She scowled at his unnecessary gesture.
The Schill abandoned the search for a sturdier piece of furniture and carried the chair over to the princess. He placed the chair close to her own and leaned toward her. She hesitated for the thinnest moment and tilted her head so he could whisper into her ear.
“They listen, yes. Your uncle anticipates that I will tell you all:  where I’ve placed your father’s crown and his sword. He may listen now if my ears do not deceive me. Somebody approached while you… composed yourself. You were too distraught to notice. Anyways, your father’s things were to be set aside until you came of age, and Marwaer was to rule as steward until that time. Those kingly things were not meant for his hands to grasp. Ever.”  The Schill lowered his voice until it was hardly a whisper. “I’ve sent them away, and you and I will depart as well when the time comes. When we’ve gone from here, I will tell you all. For now, I will give them false hints so that they will keep us together, and when they relax their guard, as I know they will—already your uncle considers me feeble and useless, a superfluous appendage of your father’s reign—then we too shall go.”
“You intend that we two will depart this place? And that we shall go together? Not that I have any intention of going anywhere with you, but what makes you think you could accomplish this? You seem as much a fool as you claim my uncle thinks you. Why should I trust the man who hadn’t the sense to flee when the chance came? Why should I trust you if you couldn’t keep yourself from being locked here?”
The Schill was startled that she had spoken these words aloud, that the conspiratorial whisper he’d used had been ignored. He listened intently while she stared at him in expectation. There was a sense of intense quiet beyond the door, as if somebody had suddenly held their breath. He watched to see the movements of shadows under the door. The briefest quiver revealed that the listener hovered near the keyhole, the better to hear. He continued to whisper.
“I am here because you are here. And decidedly it would be best for you if you were not. I allowed myself to be taken in order to win you freedom.”
“You think this possible? With guards beyond the door and several hundreds of feet of open air beyond the window. Why, you are old and crazy. What have I done to deserve such mad company!”
The Schill’s eyes gleamed. Let those without think him crazy, that in his madness he would reveal all. No doubt Marwaer would find it amusing that his niece objected so to her cellmate. The Schill moved away from the princess, a wry smile creasing his face. He touched the bruise over his eye and winked at the girl. He was pleased to see her face grow stern. When he spoke again, it was without the pretense of secrecy.
“Let’s just say that when the time comes, you can come with me or you can remain here, although there doesn’t seem to be much of a future in remaining here. If you are so obstinate, then I will wish you a farewell and leave you to whatever fate your uncle decides for you. I doubt it as an enviable fate, but if your curiosity is such, then I will leave you to it. Just know that I plan soon to be gone from here.”
“And how do you propose to be gone? Have you wings beneath your ragged cloak? To think that my father trusted to your wisdom! How do you plan to escape other than to fall to your death on the cobbles below or on the swords of my uncle’s guard? How?”
“Magic,” the Schill said.
Beyond the door Marwaer’s rough voice broke into laughter. He pounded on the door a few times punctuating each hearty gale. “My men may be superstitious,” he said aloud, “but am not so foolish to believe in such. Magic!” He laughed again and his boots clopped in the narrow hall and down the steps.

Chapter 8: A Frozen Hunt

The snows drifted against the sides of the cottage covering all but the top panes of the windows. Trickles of powder sifted down the chimney and melted over the hearth blazing with mountain fir and juniper logs. Sparks jumped and wood crackled. The single chair, a hand-crafted rocker made in the elfin style and covered with woolen wraps and blankets, sat beside the fitted stones of the fireplace. A mug steamed from the top of the mantle.
“Listen to that,” Kamafial said as another blast of wind and fury came whistling down off the mountain. “Winter’s coming early this year.” He glanced out the window over the top of the drifts and saw sheets of white with a blue tint falling diagonally, hiding even the nearest peaks. A mixture of early snow and late rain was compressing the thin layers that already lay on the ground. “Going to be a crusty morning,” he observed. Keef, the enormous snow-dog curled in front of the fire, raised his head for a moment, and let it drop back to the folded hide he slept on. “Going to be a hard morning.”
Kamafial sipped from his mug, a hot mixture that spread warmth throughout his body to the tips of his fingers. His fingertips itched as if mending from a wound. He rubbed them against the bristly growth of beard covering the lower half of his cheeks and listened to the rasping sound they made. “Think anybody will be out today?” he asked, again looking at the dog, but the dog kept his head down, the same forlorn stare into the glowing fire. One thick furred ear flicked briefly. “Nobody likely to be out today except you and me.”  He drained the mug, carried it to the front door, and refilled it with snow. “You and me,” he said again watching the frozen drizzle through the opened door.
The snow and sleet continued to fall as he brewed another cup.
Li-mi’ik, he was called by the others on the mountain. “Two Sons” it meant, the name given to him by the elves that made their homes further down on the rocky slopes just below the tree line. He preferred the colder wastes of the higher altitudes where the snow fell most of the year. Let the elves refer to him however they wished, he thought; his elfin mother had named him Kamafial which meant “At A Distance.”  He kept himself at a distance, seldom trading with his neighbors, generally keeping to himself. He bartered the occasional cat’s fur or ram’s wooly hide for nuts and produce that managed to grow further down the mountain, but even these things he considered unnecessary luxuries. More often he traded for metals that could be worked into the armor he kept hidden in the deepest corner of the cottage. The elves knew of his wandering warrior past and had the discretion not to pry.
He drained the second mug as the weather began to taper off. Outside the snow still fell in heavy flakes, but the flakes were fewer, farther between. They drifted down in delicate spirals. The sleet finally stopped pattering against the rooftop altogether and the sun came out between ragged clouds. The mountainside reflected the sharp beams with a dazzling brilliance that belied the freezing temperatures and the still fierce gusts that sometimes swayed the treetops. Smoke rose from the chimneys down below and was blown sideways until it dissipated into the trees. A sense of bustle rose from the elves’ village; they were making their final preparations for the coming winter. On clear, calm days, the songs of the elves could be heard from as far as the top of the mountain. Theirs were preparations against lasting the winter through with the supplies they kept in their cold cellars, rarely coming out to see the light of day. Though their days were not idle, they refrained from spending much time out of doors when the cold reached its icy fingers down the mountains. Kamafial didn’t begrudge them their warmth.
But downhill was not the direction Kamafial would be going. Near the fire his heavy cloak hung trailing all the way down to the floor and lay draped over a pair of thick hide boots. The outside of the cloak was still damp to the touch from the last day spent traversing the snowy mountains, but the furry lining was warm and dry. In moments he was dressed and reaching for a long bow and quiver of hunting arrows.  A short whistle later and the snow-dog sprang to its feet. The dog Keef ran from the cottage, the extra padding of his overlarge feet keeping him from sinking into the deep drifts, his heavy ruff keeping the wetness from ever touching his skin. The cloak on Kamafial’s back was of a similar hide taken from a monstrous lobo. He pulled it close at the neck against the harsh wind.
Up the mountain the perpetual snow hung in the air like a mist as if gravity wouldn’t claim it, and up there within those mists would be the long-horned sheep that the elves seemed to prize though they rarely were bothered to hunt for themselves. Strange, Kamafial thought, that the elves were so reluctant to wear skins in these extreme temperatures, but preferred wools and the natural fibers of plants for their clothing. No wonder they stayed inside so much this time of year, he thought wryly.
The snow surface was slippery until he punched his feet through the crust. It crunched sharp and jagged beneath his boots and was loud in the morning air. Not the way to hunt for the skittish long-horned sheep; might as well shout out an announcement as try to go up that way. He shuffled with short precise steps to where the trail rose against the side of the mountain. The gray, earthy color of the rocks stood out where the wind had blown the loose snow down the mountainside and piled it against his cottage and the elves’ halls. A misstep revealed that even here, the footing was treacherous, for a person that was half elf, half human at least. Doubtless his neighbors could have managed, but they had little interest in the mountains at this time of year. Skies, but the sheep wouldn’t be troubled by this at all, Kamafial thought to himself. The snow-dog looked back over a shoulder as if to ask what the delay was.
“I’m coming,” Kamafial said and he began to feel for the old handholds that he’d tapped into the sides of the trails. Further up, the trails grew less steep, but more winding, turning outwards into narrow ledges with great drops and only the mist shrouded peaks and the sheep to witness a long fall if he should slide there. The handholds were iron staples pounded directly into the rock and spaced to be a steadying influence when coming down the trail laden with one of the large sheep that sprang about up on the peaks. But going up the mountain, they were spaced farther apart than was useful. The snow-dog was already up to the first shelf and stared down at him with its tongue lolling out and an expression of boredom on its furry face.
Struggling and sliding, he reached the dog and was pleased to note that the rain hadn’t fallen above the shelf. The snow was a loose powder and came down in airy little flurries, unlike the heavy wet flakes that still dropped at the cottage. The trail was steep but his feet could sink into the powder and he could leverage himself onward. He trudged through the softer clinging snow for most of the morning and stopped only when the higher peaks came into view, a last bit of rock before all above was only cloudy sky.
The elves say there are places in the mountains where you can hear other voices coming from great distances, he remembered. They say that it is a skill easily learned but hard to master as so many voices speaking at one time makes it hard to discern anything specific. He listened for voices; heard only the harsh winds that would sheer away the life of anybody foolish enough to linger in them. He felt foolish for standing there listening.
He prepared to sit for a few minutes of rest, but already the blue eyes of the snow-dog watched along the peaks and its tail pointed outward. Kamafial crouched and crept closer to the dog, hoping the white coats they wore would keep them invisible until he could move close enough to take a shot with the bow. He followed the dog’s eyes until he saw the sheep, a large ewe with a single dark spot on her shoulder. She clopped from stone to stone, oblivious to the snow and the cold, looking for the bare patches on the leeward sides of boulders for the kalma roots that grew there, the same roots Kamafial used for his tea.
She was still too far away for the bow. He crept closer keeping on the shadowed sides of the boulders. At seventy paces he could fell her if the day were clear and there was no wind. At seventy paces she stirred, her head popping up from the ground, eyes and ears swiveling. He waited. He stood completely still feeling the cold air wrap around him and trickle into the loose places:  his collar, his cuffs, around the tops of his boots. For a long minute the sheep stood, majestic and defiant of the weather, its head turning this way and that. He held his breath. To get so close so early in the day and not to take the sheep because of the smokiness of his breath was unthinkable. With agonizing slowness, the sheep ended its scan of the mountainside. She scuffed the soil beside a boulder and dropped her head again to browse. He looked below; the snow-dog still stood pointing, as calm, quiet, and unmoving as a statue. He slipped an arrow from the quiver and notched it on the string. If she became alarmed and bolted he would still send a shaft after her. Better to risk the loss of an arrow than to leave without even trying; this might be the only sheep I see all day, he reasoned. And it would be nice to get home to the fireplace early.
At sixty paces the wind came up. The long wool on the sheep’s back fluttered with the gusts, but such did not disturb her. Kamafial cursed the fates that were making this hunt difficult; this was a day to finish outside work quickly. The wind began to howl out of the north, piercing whistles between the rocks. The snow began to thicken and blow sideways. He felt small pieces of ice carried by the wind pelting his eyes and ticking against his skin. Conditions like this made good cover for a hunt, but would be dangerous if the hunt should keep him out for too long. He stole closer, his eyes trailing tears that froze in the stubble of his cheeks. The hand that nocked the arrow began to grow cold. His fingers ached with it and began to turn blue-white. The deeper blue of his veins showed underneath.
At fifty-five paces the tempest was blowing directly into his face, as good a chance as he would get for a shot with the bow despite the difficulty in keeping both eyes open. The arrow would travel directly into the wind; its course was less likely to be altered by the gusts as long as he could hold steady while the cold continued to assault him. The arrow may be slowed somewhat, but it could still be lethal. He drew the string back, lined on the dark spot on the sheep’s shoulder, raised his aim slightly, and loosed the first shaft. He had a second shaft on the string before he’d even checked the mark of the first. The second arrow was unnecessary. The sheep jumped when the first arrow struck, bounced off the boulder it fed next to, landed in a sprawl, and was sliding down the hill toward Kamafial. Already the blood from the wound was freezing; very little of it stained the whiteness of the snow. He put the second arrow away and whistled for the dog.
It was moments before he realized that the dog had not come.
Down the hill, Keef was pointed at their trail back down the mountain, his hackles raised, his teeth bared. Dark shapes were coming up the trail. Wolves. Lobos of the same breed from which his cloak was made. Vicious in their attacks.
Kamafial counted five of them pounding up the trail. Mountain wolves, with paws nearly as large and padded as the snow-dog’s, seemed to have a sense for death happening on the high slopes. The blood from the kill had been on the wind for only the briefest moment, but they’d caught it and pursued it with a relentless abandon. 
Four arrows remained in the quiver. To injure one of the wolves might be enough to turn the others against their own for an easy meal, but these wolves didn’t look desperate enough. Hungry, yes, but not to the point they would eat one another. Kamafial nocked an arrow and felt the same stiff wind that had blown in his face during his hunt now blasting his backside. Would it help now, he wondered. How much further could he expect to shoot accurately with the wind behind him?  He had decided to wait until the lead wolf was at seventy paces, but the wind began to shift. A cross draft swung into his right cheek with a violence that almost blew the skin cap off his head. 
The wolves came on, oblivious to the wind and the gusts of drifting snow. Their eyes stared with a cold intensity, the sense of predation driving them onward in their ordered society. The lead wolf charged on despite the howling bark of Keef, a deep keening sound that was part fury and part warning. The others followed without any hesitation in their steps, their paws scratching and throwing flecks of snow. Even as canine cousins, there was still the bitterest sense of rivalry and competition between Keef and the lobos. Keef seemed to have a particular hatred for mountain wolves. The snow-dog waited with his legs bent and ready to spring at the approaching pack.
At forty paces Kamafial released the first arrow. It winnowed in the wind and twisted upward at the last moment bouncing off the skull of the lead wolf. It didn’t slow the animal in the least; with a gash in its head it sped onward, its tongue hanging out as it ran, its eyes locked on its attacker. At thirty paces the arrow flew true and was buried in the wolf’s chest. It growled and staggered and tried to continue up the trail but its legs failed as it slumped to the ground. It howled, but the sound was snatched away by another gust from the sky above. The wolves behind jumped over their fallen leader, a new chief already in place, howling in response as their paws hit the snow. Another arrow at twenty paces stopped the second wolf. The tip tore through the shoulder crippling the animal. It turned aside and spun in wobbling circles before it limped back down the track whimpering and leaving a brief blood trail before the cold froze the wound.
At ten paces Kamafial had to jerk his line of aim up and away; Keef had jumped to meet the wolves as they came upon them and landed in front of the wolf Kamafial had selected as his last target. With his arrows gone, he slashed through the string with his skinning knife so he could use the pointed ends of the bow to drive the wolves off. All three pounced on the snow-dog and the four bodies rolled and tumbled in a snarling mass. Kamafial stabbed at the nearest wolf, a monstrous gray lobo with yellowed canines and the coldness of death in its eyes. It turned and snarled at him and tried to bite the end of the bow. Kamafial shoved the point under the wolf’s furry throat and felt it slide along the chest. The wolf yelped and retreated only a step before springing at him. He brought the bow up crosswise and deflected the jump and went down as his feet shot out from under him, slipping on the icy slope. From his back the wolf appeared massive as it sprang to its paws and attacked. Blood showed in the warmth of the wolf’s mouth.
He raised his arm in time to catch the teeth before they could come down into his throat. The jaws were strong and the teeth sharp, and despite the thickness of his jacket, they sank into the flesh of his arm. He slashed with the skinning knife but the animal was twisting in its fury to rip at his arm and get to his neck. He felt the nick of the blade as it missed the wolf and sliced one of his own fingers. The dark fur of the wolf quivered and wavered in and out of clear sight. Snow was falling into his eyes. He felt another bite lower down on his leg and began to kick. Several times his booted feet landed solidly and he felt the jaws release his leg and the warmth of blood coming from the wound. The skinning knife slipped from his freezing fingers. He rolled, trying to twist his arm loose from the wolf’s jaws or to break its neck if it refused to let go. Snow went down the back of his cloak, inside his boots, into his hair, and under his jacket, and he felt none of it. The heat of the struggle threw its brief warmth over him. He landed atop the wolf and began to punch with his free fist, the hand aching as it came into contact with the thick skull of the animal. When the lobo attempted to scramble from beneath him, he rolled and felt the knife beneath his knee. The skinning knife was curved and flat without much of a point, but the blade was sharp enough to take the skin from a dragon. He grabbed for it and gripped it awkwardly in his cold fingers. He brought the edge down diagonally and felt it slide into the fur, through the skin, and against a bone. The wolf cried and fled trailing a long gash across its back.
Kamafial spun and saw that Keef was still struggling with the other two wolves. The snow-dog had one wolf by the thick ruff of its neck and continued to shake it. The wild-eyed lobo tried to turn its head to bite back, but the snow-dog shook it each time it tried. The other wolf was on Keef’s back trying bite into his neck, but the big snow-dog kept twisting itself away. Kamafial snatched up the fallen bow and jumped at the mass of dog and wolf. He aimed a kick at the fangs of the loose wolf and drove it away from Keef. He shoved the sharp end of the bow into its ribs until the wolf screamed and toppled onto its side. Putting all his weight on it, he jammed the bow down until it ran through the wailing creature into the frozen ground and the lobo grew still. When he turned away, he saw that Keef had shaken his victim until its neck had snapped.
The scene was quickly becoming obliterated by the snow which began to fall in big, heavy, thick flakes again. The three fallen wolves were becoming indistinct mounds of white, the blood of their wounds already covered. The wind keened as if mocking the wolves’ howls while it continued to pour snow over the mountain. Kamafial pulled his unstrung bow out of the unmoving wolf and climbed up to where the sheep had fallen. It was where he remembered it settling after it slid down the slope, and he brushed the snow away. He’d tend to his injuries back at the cabin; the sun was fading behind ominous clouds and wasn’t likely to reappear this day. The trail down was going to be slick, which would make it easier to slide the big sheep down, but could also make for a nasty spill and he felt that he was already hurt enough. He slid the drag line over the prongs of the sheep’s horns and began to lower it down the trail until it began to slide. Step by slow step, he followed it, Keef at his side.

Chapter 9: Winter Feast

The wounds were reduced to shallow holes and thin scratches now. They’d festered a little, but hot water and the herbs of the elves had driven away the infections; the waxiness was gone and the flaming puckered skin faded back to its normal hue. Kamafial gave the elves the fleece and two quarters from the sheep in exchange for their remedies, a sack full of nuts and cheeses, and a rolled hide full of overlong arrows. His quiver had been lost in the attack from the wolves and his few shafts were left where they’d hit their marks in his attackers. He sewed the hide into a new quiver and hung it in a corner near the flanks of mutton he’d carved for himself from the fallen sheep. He was sitting in his rocker near a healthy blaze listening to the chair’s faint creaking and the fire’s pleasant cracking. He felt unaccountably happy snugged down in his cottage at a time of the year when he preferred to spend most of his days outdoors. The snow-dog sprawled as usual in front of the fire and did not share the same enthusiasm for the cold blustery days. Kamafial tucked his feet under the warmth of his companion. He was sipping from a mug when the knock came at the cottage door.
“Li-mi’ik,” the soft elfin voice called, using Kamafial’s elfin name. The door pushed inward and the warm open face of Damantan of the gray race, the mountain elves, showed in the space between door and jamb. Kamafial could see the blueness of clear sky through the opened frame. The weather was much improved but still cold, a fine looking day. Thin, feathery clouds edged their way across the great expanse of azure, promising that whatever snow was coming next was still a long way off. The fire sputtered and danced a few moments as the cold wafted in through the door.
“My friend,” greeted Kamafial and he smiled at his visitor. It was a rare thing for the elves to come calling on the solitary hunter. They were aware of his preference for solitude and made no excuses to visit him needlessly. Most didn’t climb this high. He was always welcomed down the mountain although there were stalwarts among the elves who were uncomfortable with his half-elf heredity. The mountain elves had a healthy distrust of men in general and were only half convinced that Kamafial hadn’t inherited the worst part of his parentage, the rash arrogance of humans. Still they offered him the courteous regard afforded to any good neighbor, and respected the privacy he sought.
But Damantan was one who had always been openly friendly and seemed to understand that privacy sometimes needed intrusion. Kamafial considered this wisdom that surpassed the young elf’s years.
The elf stood in the doorway and brushed the snow from the soles of his boots before coming inside. He was small among his kind with pale and pointed features that always reminded Kamafial of children. Damantan’s blue-green eyes were bright and never seemed less than fully open as if wonder was his perpetual expression. His hair was a sandy color that seemed to grow darker when it was wet, but was the color of drying straw this day. The mouth was a thin line without the least trace of whiskers, another feature that brought to mind his youthfulness. Kamafial reasoned that at only fifty-eight summers old, by elf standards his friend was little more than a child. As usual, the elf’s lips were hung up somewhere between a purse and a smile, embarrassed, but mindless of it. 
“You are better?”  The forehead was wrinkled with concern over the eyes that seemed more green than blue this day. He smiled when he saw that Kamafial had finally removed the bandages that he’d been using to hide the ugly gashes where the wolves’ teeth had penetrated his cloak. The half-elf hunter had been so bedraggled and unsteady when he’d come down the mountain with the sheep’s skin that the few who witnessed it wondered—some without concern—if he would live. It had been obvious that not all of the blood on his cloak and trousers had come from the job of skinning the animal. He’d not tarried in the halls of the elves, but traded the pelt and quarters for some arrows, food, and herbs, and had been as quickly gone before most were even aware that he’d come. Since that day, he’d been seen only once, appearing slow and infirm as he dragged a large load of firewood from the lower slopes up the mountain and into the confines of the cabin. The only way the elves knew that he still lived was the perpetual smoke that climbed from the chimney.
“We are better,” he said and reached down to pat the shaggy head of the snow-dog. “We’ve been better too, but all things considered, we’re doing pretty good now. Hey, boy?”  This last he addressed to Keef. The dog raised its massive head and looked at the elf standing on the threshold. It gave its tail a few curt wags and put its head and tail down again. Within moments, the dog slept as before.
“Would you like tea,” he offered. He pulled his feet from under his furry companion and stretched for the pot hanging from the crane in the fireplace. 
Damantan pulled a cup from his satchel; he’d expected warm hospitality from this sometime friend and wouldn’t want him to give up his only cup to accommodate his guest. He reached the cup out and felt it grow heavy as Kamafial filled it. The warmth of kalma, honey, and herbs drifted to his nostrils, a scent as sweet as mountain flowers after a cleansing rain. He sipped the hot liquid, edged between the large dog and the fireplace, and settled himself on the stones of the hearth. His host still looked tired, but not nearly as weary and torn as he’d been the day he’d brought the sheep skin. Damantan had been among the minority that feared for Kamafial’s life when he came off the mountain. “Wolves?” he asked.
Kamafial nodded as he drained his mug. He refilled it and settled back into the comforting embrace of the rocker. His arms were bare; the punctures of the wolves’ teeth and the scratches from their twisting were still evident. Some of the wounds would leave scars, although they would likely fade and just become another piece of the hieroglyph that seemed to be the half-elf’s upper body. Damantan had seen some of the other injuries his friend brought back from the mountains:  gashes from those stones sharpened by wind and water; the slashes of the claws of mountain cats; a large puckered hole where he’d been gored by a ram. Other, far older scars were drawn on his heavy arms and chest, evidence of Kamafial’s days in the lowlands dealing with the trolls and other unsavory creatures that wandered the valley floors. A nasty business, Damantan thought to himself.
The elf waited for the story he knew would come. Despite his shortage of years, his patience was one of the virtues his elders already commented on. His host reclined back into the rocker, swaying a little and burying his feet beneath the dog again. The snow-dog rolled a little, and the elf could feel the weight of the animal come to rest against his shins and the tops of his feet. By and by, Kamafial told the story about his hunt and his guest bent forward for the hearing, listening with a grim expression on his face. When the story was ended, the elf leaned back against the stones and exclaimed.
Kamafial dropped his head and looked at the wounds. They had itched terribly the last few days; a good sign that the skin was knitting, that the only part of his injuries that would be permanent would be some of the scars. He looked up to see his friend regarding him as if he had something on his mind but couldn’t bring himself to say the words. Instead of pressing the young elf, he refilled their mugs and went to the window. The air above the mountains had the sparkling clarity of high winter when the cold makes every needle and stone stand out sharp and distinct. Somewhere up under that blue sky were the corpses of the wolves he and Keef had killed, and he had it in mind to go retrieve those skins in the next day or so since his wounds were no longer bothersome. If they hadn’t been picked over and dragged off by wild cats, or if the snows weren’t so deep that they couldn’t be found, he thought. 
He turned back to his friend and was surprised to see the frown on the elf’s face. Damantan was looking down at the steaming cup, but the wrinkles on his brow and the cant of his head made it clear. The elves were going to ask something of Kamafial, something that they regarded as distasteful like asking a neighbor to silence a barking dog, something they’d never had reason to do. The snow-dog was among the quietest of creatures. He scratched Keef between the flopping ears. He frowned to think that this was the cost of living with his mother’s kin, of being regarded courteously, but at arm’s length by his neighbors, of being a personage of lingering suspicions.
“What will they ask of me,” Kamafial demanded, defiance and resignation tinting his voice at the same time.
“Of that, I cannot say. They haven’t told me aught of what is to be done beyond that when you go, I shall accompany you.”  The elf looked less pleased than Kamafial felt.
Kamafial laughed:  maybe the task they had in mind wasn’t as bad as he expected. Perhaps the long face of his friend was only the result of his involuntary participation. “Be of good cheer then my friend!  With you along, Keef and I shall not feel so lonely and our mission will not seem so odious. I assume they have some errand that only I can perform?  What can they ask of us that we three together cannot deliver?”
“They are preparing packs for us, for a long journey.”  The elf’s voice quavered and his eyes implored some assurance from Kamafial.
“Well then, as long as it is not back over the mountains, what is the fear?  It is decades since I’ve been down to the flat. Not since before you were born I should guess. There should be peace there now.”  He reflected a moment on this. Surely, the flats had been settled, the struggles with the trolls ended. The last he had heard, the trolls had gone back to the north to their rocky outcroppings, leaving the green forests and plains to men and elves although the elves still clung to the feet of the mountains.
“I don’t know where they send us, only that they expect us to be gone for a long time.”
“Are they waiting for us now?”
“They wait, but not without patience. They have been aware of your wounds and would have you fully recovered before we set out.”  The elf still sat on the hearth stones, the same agitation on his face. “I do not wish to go over the mountains or down into the flats, whatever the reason.”
“I’m healed enough.”  Kamafial ignored his friend’s dismay. If Damantan is this reluctant, he thought, then the sooner we’re gone, the better. It was like pulling a sticky dressing from around a seeping wound, the quicker done, the briefer the pain. With a pang of regret, he decided he’d not be going back for the lobo pelts. He pulled his cloak from its peg near the fireplace. Blood still showed on the sleeve though whether his own or from the wolf’s mouth and throat had never been clear. He’d yet to try to salt the blood out of the white fur. The cloak was still soft and supple except where the blood had dried stiff, marring its snowy color. He scraped at it while he waited for his friend. The elf petted the dog, loath to remove his feet from beneath the warm mass. The mug was still in his other hand but it no longer steamed. The hunter smiled to think of how content the elf would be to sit, feet tucked up under the dog, the warm fire at his side, and the myriad songs of his kin swirling in his head. He offered a hand to his visitor, and the elf reluctantly allowed himself to be pulled to his feet.
“The sooner we learn of what they’d have us do, the sooner you can cease your worries, or at least know what you need to be worried about.”  He nudged the dog with his boot and gave a low whistle. The dog rolled and looked at the two standing over him. The elf tossed the dregs of his tea into the fire and tucked his cup back into his satchel.
The trail down to the elfin halls was slippery with the ice that formed on the melting top layer of snow. Kamafial stepped easy, sliding with confidence on the shorter down slopes and shuffling over the longer stretches. His elfin companion jumped gracefully from patch to patch, avoiding the treacherous spots altogether. The dog trotted alongside them, oblivious to the cares they took. Smoke rose from the chimneys, and already the warm and fatty smell of a cooking goose was on the air mixed with roasting chestnuts and fired hickory nuts.
Kamafial could imagine the table that would be set. In addition to the goose, there would be honeyed mutton, snow peas, noggon beans in buttered sauce, meadow rices, hard crusted cheeses with creamy centers, several varieties of nuts, breads, and cakes, and the finest of wines and honey meads. There would be songs and tales to make the eating that much slower and the feast that much grander.
It looked as though the elves were assembling in the largest of their halls. They could be seen through the trees carrying their sacks and loaves and jugs. Some carried musical instruments and could be heard singing, their clear, beautiful voices drifting up the hill in the clear morning air. Kamafial had heard the song many times before:

Oh, bring the bread and bring the wine;
And bring the nuts; it’s time to dine;
We’ll have our mead; we’ll have our meats;
We’ll have our songs; we’ll have our feast;
We’ll sing the sun right from the sky;
We’ll sing as moon goes sailing by
And when the stars and night are done
We’ll sing some more, the rising sun
And break our fasts with honeyed sweets
A cold clear draught and then some cheese;
We’ll sing the morning, noon, and then
As daylight fades, we’ll start again.

We’ll bring the plates and bring the cups;
And bring the bowls; it’s time to sup;
We’ll have our cakes; we’ll have our ales;
We’ll have our games; we’ll have our tales;
And when long day is finally fled
And all the young have gone to bed
When flames get low upon the grate
We’ll yawn and stretch; the hour is late
We’ll sleep and dream of feasts still nigh
We’ll plot and plan and then we’ll cry
Come up! Come all! It’s time again!
And on we’ll dream of that time when

We’ll bring the bread…

Whatever they would have me do, at least I’ll be well-fed before I’m gone, thought Kamafial.  His brow creased a little to wonder what his task would be, that they’d go to such lengths to send he and Damantan off thus. Whatever it was, it would be good to travel again. Too long had he stuck himself on the mountainside, only journeying upward to hunt among the peaks to be able to trade with the elves. He could almost feel the heavier air of the flats; the winds that only bent the long grasses instead of pummeling like the gusts on the mountain; the steady ground beneath his feet where every step was level with the ones preceding and following. The cabin would always be awaiting his return.
After the brightness of sunlight against all of the snow, the hall was dim despite all the windows being thrown open and the large fires burning in opposing hearths. His hosts bustled with activity, basting goose and mutton, pouring wine and mead, laying out place settings. In the center of this joyous throng was a group of elders talking among themselves. They stopped when they noted the arrival of their half-elf guest and his tremendous dog. Several of the younger elves approached and began to pet the huge beast; Keef, for his part, flicked his ears and wagged his tail at the excess of attention.
“Master Li-mi’ik!”  The elders exclaimed in unison as if his presence was completely unexpected. Kamafial’s apprehensions were renewed. Such unabashed acting did not bode well for the task they had in mind. They presented him with a large goblet of sweet wine and bade him follow to a table near one of the large cooking fires.
“How fair you, friend?” said old Lis’huas, the eldest of the mountain elves. His piercing blue eyes studied Kamafial, looking to see if the half-elf was hindered by his recent injuries. It became obvious the summons had come from him.
“Your greetings make me well.”
“And well we would have you, though you have been called for. But we’ll discuss that in time,” the old elf said dismissively. He raised his cup toward the rafters in a silent toast and each drank.
“For what occasion do I deserve this ceremony?” Kamafial said after cleansing his lips. The wine was particularly good, better than he’d ever been presented before.
“That is for another to respond to. We only call upon you to feast with us these last few days before real winter arrives. Within the week, your good health willing, there is another that would have you travel forth.”
“And Damantan?”
“He goes with our blessing. He would become our ambassador to speak for us in the troubling times ahead. But those times are ahead; we’ll have time to speak of those things in the new day tomorrow. This night is for the winter, that it not bite so shrewdly.”

Chapter 10: Last Words

Melisill woke to find his uncle sitting atop the Cur, the wind whipping his cloak and carrying away the smoky breath that came from his opened mouth. The two days he’d spent sitting in the open air atop the bell-shaped rock had dashed by, but the cooling breezes and the nights sleeping on the hard ground were having an obvious effect on the old elf. The vibrant anticipation of their arrival had given way to the hardship of cold, cramping nights and long days of unmoving vigil.
Melisill spent the better part of the two days exploring the area. He collected wood to keep a fair blaze glowing through the night and gathered the few edible plants that he could find struggling to grow in this dry place. He discovered a tiny grove of sapple trees tucked into a hollow between the fourth and fifth hills and collected syrup into an empty wine sac. The next day he raided a bee hive for its sparingly small honeycomb while Halisill listened for further news of the north and the elfish voice that he’d heard the first night.
Afternoons, Melisill roamed deeper into the hills, climbing up and seeing views farther away than he’d ever seen before in his life. The long sickle of mountains stretching southwest and curving back to the east was a jagged, indistinct line. Already, snow grew thick on the peaks, blending mountain and sky. On the clearest day, he could see as far as the southernmost tip of the range, and thought that he could make out the top branches of Mirimah against the deeper green backdrop of continuous forest. Away to the west, he could make out where the trees ended and the barrenness of the Pastiloch began; a great sweep of emptiness broken only here and there by small stands of trees, a pale, straggling green against the dark of the endless swamps.
Halisill sat as if in prayer, with his legs crossed and hands resting on his thighs for hours at a time, breaking only for mouthfuls of water and a few moments with his hands stretched toward their fire. On the third evening, he reached aside to pat Melisill’s leg and gave a nod to suggest that he’d heard all that he deemed important. They climbed from the rock down to their camp and Melisill sat and waited quietly. Each night as they rolled into their cloaks, Halisill told him all of what he’d heard; the news of the world. 
 War had already begun away off to the east. Lines of strange men were pushing westward, marching through the lands of others, sweeping aside those that hadn’t the means to oppose them and swallowing those that did.
Sorrow crept into Halisill’s voice: “The brown elves of the Graith Mulror have been scattered. They were unaware of the threat that assailed them and learned only too late. Alas it seems they no longer put ears to the wind either.”
“They didn’t have a barge with a dead king inside floating into their realm to presage the coming danger,” Melisill defended. Despite having never seen a brown elf from that distant realm, he still felt the need to protect their honor.
“No they didn’t. Theirs was not the realm these men have come for in any case. The eyes of these men are aimed at the north, but some have turned southward. They would push the goblins to attack us and follow after to our destruction. Their only motivation, it seems, is the circlet the king wears, though for what need I cannot discover. The goblins speak of it as only a trinket attached to a much greater prize. Of course they refer to the golden boat. In this they are not alone. The Thesilins also come, but likewise in no great numbers, to reclaim what is theirs, although their interest is also in the crown alone; their old king does not matter to them any longer. They have given him their rites and pushed his body off for the sea or the soil to claim. The dead king’s brother spurs them on as a usurper for the throne of Thesilia, but his country is divided in its loyalties. The strangers from the east seem to have marked Thesilia as their destination. This usurper has imprisoned his niece who grieves over her father’s death and laments her captivity within the tall towers of her father’s keep. Of more I cannot say. Except, the king’s daughter has an elf for her companion.”
“Do you think the spell cast upon the funeral barge was the elf’s doing?”
“I think it was, but it was not so much a spell that brought the boat to us. This is probably one of the sea elves, capable of speaking to the waters of the world as we are capable of speaking with our brothers the trees. The sea elves are nearly forgotten, having forsaken the teeming dry lands that were rife with constant warfare long ago. Their isolation has been similar to ours; they cling to their ships sailing ever into the warmer waters of the world living on what the seas alone provide. Doubtless, he has asked the river’s guidance in keeping the boat afloat for so long through rapids and falls and away from the shores of the other races.
 “Why would he send it to us?  Would he have our ruin?”  Melisill glowered to think that another elf would send something to them with so much peril following behind.
“Trust?  Honor?  Kindred?  I don’t know why. He no doubt left his voice on the wind, but we weren’t listening. Voices will only be carried so long and will fade the way a rock touched by the sun will stay warm when the sun is gone, but will eventually turn cold again.”  Halisill thought for a long time. He stretched his legs and snugged closer to the fire. It seemed to Melisill that the old elf was finished for the evening although there were still so many questions they could consider. He fed a few more branches to their small fire and rolled himself tighter within his cloak. He was nearly asleep when Halisill spoke again. “For whatever reasons our brother in the north, sea elf or otherwise, has for his actions, this burden has come to us. We will shoulder it as best we can; fight while we can and flee when we can’t.”
Melisill stirred. He expected his uncle to decide on this course. It had been so long since any elf in Fridia had known war. “If it comes to flight, do we take the king with us?  Do we carry the burden of his body, or just the crown?  We would not be so scattered as our brethren in the mountains.”  He stared at the vast field of stars overhead and waited for an answer, but heard only the light, steady breathing of the old elf sleeping. He rolled himself tighter into his cloak and closed his eyes.

Chapter 11: Going Home

The morning sun was bright in the clear blue of the sky. The only clouds to be seen were so distant their line was less than a smear of smoked grease on the horizon. Melisill was pleased that the weather had turned and a warming breeze blew out of the south. His breath didn’t come out in long, visible streams and he actually felt warm in his cloak despite the fire burning down to the barest embers. He broke open the last of their honeycomb and set the remainder aside for his uncle. The old elf sat up and stretched. He looked younger than he had the past few days. The weight of so much troubling news and deciding what to do about it was past. Last night’s decision meant that he now had to worry only about acting when the time came, something much easier to handle than the actual deciding had been.
“The southern wind has arrived,” the old elf observed. “And with it, hopefully, a second wind for our trek home. What have we got left for breakfast?”
Melisill pointed out the last of the honeycomb and stretched it across the fire to him. He nibbled the few remaining nuts himself. He sat with his legs crossed and watched his uncle dip long fingers into the comb and pull the honey dripping to his lips, a smile of contentment on Halisill’s face. The one question he hadn’t asked the night before was in his mind, but his uncle didn’t seem to be in a hurry, so perhaps the question could wait. Sooner or later though, he and all of the others back in the hamlet would want to know how soon they could expect the goblins to arrive.
“May the warm southern wind never grow old; and our eyes never weary or our feet grow cold; and the long draft of winter wait yet a day; and dwell in the northlands so far away!”  Halisill completed the old toast by tipping the honeycomb up and catching the last drops on his tongue. He laughed and tossed the empty husk aside. “Shall we go then?” he cried.
“You seem quite merry for all the bad news,” Melisill remarked.
“Nephew, I’ve released the burden I was harboring the last few days. Yes, we have hard times coming, but at least we know where they come from and when to expect them. And we will not be without the ability when the fight comes to us, and when the time comes for us to retreat it will not be to shame. Every step of Fridia will come at a dear price to those who would take away that which has been entrusted to us. We may flee, but we will not be driven. None can defeat us if we go to our mountains in the south, not even with the cold of winter coming. And we will return to walk our wooded paths without the fear of enemies. The era is coming when the other races will again speak of the woodland elves as a people to be admired.”  He smiled to think of the former glories of battle that his people had forgotten. “We’ll have to wipe the years off the old songs and make them new again. And create new tales for our children’s children to sing.”
“So you are primed and ready for battle again!  At your age!”  Melisill was laughing despite his misgivings. “This place has some magical property that makes you young again, does it?”
“So it seems, so it seems. But come, while we have time to prepare, it doesn’t mean we have time to dawdle. Let us be off for home, and we’ll see what your mother and the maidens have learned of our guest!”
“In a few moments, Uncle. Though I am not overly fond of this place, it may be long before I retrace the steps that led me here. I would have another look from the precipice out over the land again, and to the south where our mountains may become our refuge.”
“More than a refuge:  a home. A cold home for sure, but we’ll be warmed by our victories. None know the passes of Scithe Du better than I; nor the high valleys where the wheat sweeps from vista to vista and the schulnuts fall like rain from the trees.”
“Still, I would like another look before we spend our day running. I have no ambitions to travel outside our realm, but I would view the distances again.”  Melisill began the scramble back to the echoing rock of the Cur and kept climbing until he’d reached the top of the hill beyond it. Below him, Halisill shrank in the distance, a small robed figure searching through the packs. He could see his uncle raising the wine sac and swallowing the last few drops of the thick fluid of the sapple trees.
Sunlight shone over all Fridia; the trees all wore uniforms of green stained russet and golden with the first traces of winter’s decay creeping in. Autumn was always the shortest season, Melisill thought sadly. In only another week or two, the leaves would become an earthy carpet through their homeland forests. He wondered again how soon the goblins and those pushing them would arrive, and how long the elves would hold out before they would have to retreat. Despite Halisill’s optimism, the mountains, even in the full brightness of a southern-kissed day, looked as if they were going to be cold. How cold would they be when the full brunt of winter came along and the snows started piling into the gaps, he wondered. And their home, the quiet sylvan paths of Fridia:  what would become of their beloved trees, and Mirimah, and their fields and meadows?  He worried that a retreat would encourage the goblins to come in and strip the land bare as they scratched for whatever shined below the surface. And the reputed hatred the goblins had for Mirimah, the grand old tree. The scars she wore were from goblins axes and slings. And all the other trees?  What fates awaited them that weren’t tainted with violence or fire?
Melisill followed the long distant line of the mountains, noting a single cloud forming and casting a shadow on the side of one of the taller peaks. He traced the mountain range to its southernmost end and began a northern circuit along the line of the river all the way back to the northwest until he guessed where Dullgled was. East from there lie the Long Wood, a vast tract of forest said to be filled with hidden hamlets populated by wood nymphs that made themselves and their villages disappear at will. Beyond was Murkhiil, the ghost plain that was the fodder for strange tales of other disappearances. And somewhere up above the great sweeping curve of the world was Thesilia.
Satisfied with his survey, Melisill prepared to climb back down and join his uncle for the journey home, but he was startled by a dark smear just clearing the distant tree line, the faintest smudge on the northern horizon. Not a cloud, he thought; too low for that. The smudge was twisting upward just above the topmost amber tipped leaves of the distant trees before the winds scattered it almost to invisibility. A single thin line of smoke rose there, so thin and far away that it seemed little to be concerned about. He climbed down.
They walked much of the day, happy to be leaving the barren hills of the Cur for the thicker forests and fresh spring waters. Melisill reflected that having come this way once was enough and that this part of Fridia was one he hadn’t missed in his years of wandering his homeland. He knew the way home but was content to follow his uncle. Retracing their steps, they stopped at the line of elms and slept through the night and most of the following day. The following evening they filled themselves with the sweet syrup of the sapple trees before continuing their march through the dark. 
The southern winds had indeed arrived and the night was warm and comfortable for travel. Despite the temperate weather, the leaves continued to turn, not fooled in the least about what season of the year it was. The elves made good time and stopped at daybreak for a rest among the stained turning leaves of a maple stand. They tapped one of the trees and drank the early thin syrup to help wash down the mildly bitter taste of posha roots pulled from a nearby stream. The water was cold and welcoming and they soaked their feet in a shallow pool.
“There was smoke on the northern horizon when we left,” Melisill said just then remembering what he’d seen.
“I expect there was. But it’s a long way off. The numbers that would have made a fire large enough for us to see so far away on the horizon would be too big for fast travel.”
“We would defend this place,” Melisill avowed. He was looking at the fading greenery of the forest around him, the earthy tips of the leaves, the clear water plashing over dark mossy stones. Fridia was filled with such places, where Melisill had spent so much of his life. “I don’t know that we would defend Climmis Cur, but we would defend this place.”
“We would,” Halisill assured him, “but we’ll hear first from those that went north to watch our enemies among the goblins. They will come ahead of the others, no doubt following their old trails down to the bend above Mirimah. We’ll see then how well the masters follow their dogs. These strange men from the north will likely follow directly on their heels.”
“And the Thesilins?  Would we fight two enemies?”
“They tarry undecided. They come south, but without haste or numbers. I suspect that the threat that follows the goblins keeps them apprehensive. They must also contend with Murkhiil when they reach those plains. They come, but not in league with these others. I doubt they would call us enemies.”  Halisill pulled his feet from the pool and rubbed some warmth back into them. He bent and cupped a handful of water. “We’ll keep a watch on this northern wood, but I believe they’ll follow the river since that is how the prize they seek was delivered to us. What they want is rightfully theirs and we would give it to them; if they could get here first. But they won’t.”

Chapter 12: Westward Flight

Mercer Kihn was going north. He’d run through the forest until his lungs burned and his legs ached, and every rustle of leaves and bending branch was the sound of pursuit. All the night through he’d kept the king’s keep to his right. Some time before daybreak, he left the last corner of the keep, almost a full league from the Schill’s private entrance, and pressed on in the direction of the shimmering orchestral lights that wavered on the northern horizon. The night grew cold, his breath streaming out in front of him.
The sword bounced against his back, twisted the line over his shoulder cutting into his skin, and swung so the hilt was constantly rattling off the side of his head. As if the poor sling he’d made with the rope weren’t bad enough, the strands were beginning to fray and threatening to come apart. He pulled the rope from his shoulder and felt the heat of it lift. He slid a finger beneath his tunic and found the depression the rope had made; the skin was raw and tender to the touch. He grimaced at the pain. It wasn’t possible he could put the rope back. He’d carried the sword for some time, but the weight of it made his arms ache and left him off-balance as he tried to run through the trees. He’d needed hands to push aside a path when the limbs grew thick.
He stopped at a pond, black, spooky water that didn’t look inviting. He cupped some of it into his hands and found it bitter on his lips. But it was cold and wet and apparently harmless. He dipped the cuff of his doublet into a small pool and ministered to his burning shoulder. He bathed the gouge in his neck and the scratches that covered his hand and lower arms. The trees beyond the pond were dark and twisted. The leaves had all fallen and the gnarled branches grew in a tangle stretching from horizon to horizon. Through this black tangled mass, purpled mountains rose up with dripping triangles of snow on their peaks. The sky was gray, tending toward the color of the mountains. Mercer listened and heard the distant sound of thunder as it rolled out of the peaks and sifted through the naked branches. It would be a wet day, but at least it would be rain instead of snow. He was already cold, tired, and dirty from his run despite the quick bath given his wounds, and in no way felt confident that he wasn’t still pursued. He scrambled about fifty paces into the ragged trees, searched for the biggest trunk he could find, leaned against it with the sword across his lap, and slept until the first traces of rain began to pelt him.
The area around the pond was empty when he was awakened by large, cold drops. The storm had boiled out of the mountains and trailed southward. Clouds completely obscured the sun and there was no way to tell how far into the day it was. In the distance, the king’s keep was a dark shadow beneath the steely sky. He watched the pennants flutter from the tops of the towers before the rain soaked the cloth through and they hung sodden and forlorn. Mercer’s teeth chattered as the cold crept up from his seat on the ground. The tree he leaned against held no warmth and was unyielding. The damp bark scraped at his back. The sword across his lap felt oppressive in its weight and the scabbard had grown chill and slick in the falling drops.
He pushed himself up, stiff and sore. Hunger began to pinch at his stomach. Water could appease the hunger for just a while, but the water looked even less inviting with the rings rippling away from the cloudy raindrops that slapped the surface. The pond seemed more ominous in the weak light, reflecting the bouldered cloud heads and the crooked tree trunks and scribbled branches. Nothing moved within the water; neither frogs, nor snakes, nor turtles loitered near the banks. He walked away from the pond regretting the drink he’d had before his nap. Such water could be very dangerous the Schill would have reminded him. Already the cuts he’d bathed seemed to sting with renewed intensity. Beneath his breath he cursed that the task had fallen to him, that the Schill would entrust him with a responsibility so vague but somehow, he knew, weighty, that the plan had consisted of just a single command, “Get it and go west!” That his master had not foreseen further and given him a more detailed course of action.
He looked westward but distances were hidden by the continuous growth of forest. Somewhere ahead, trickling through this forest was the tiny stream that became the Lost Petals River, and beyond the forests would be the vast meadows of Thesilia, the fields where the farmers grew the food that kept the populace happy and kept the trade coffers full. There would undoubtedly be soldiers patrolling the fringes of those fields, guarding this important aspect of Thesilia’s wealth. It was possible they would be aware of the Schill’s small rebellion against the new king and the sword that was stolen, but there was no way to tell where their loyalties would lie. That way his path went, and that way he would go, he determined, regardless of the risks. Regardless of the misgivings that were as sharp as the pains in his shoulder.
The roads would be to the south, running parallel to the track he would make for himself. The bark of the trees was dark, almost black, but the naked branches above let in the weak light, which was more comforting than a walk through a twilight forest. Anybody approaching could be seen from a long way off. There was comfort in this although it meant that Mercer could be seen as well. He reentered the maze of trees, his steps soft and quick. The leaves that had fallen were already turning into a solid mat from the pounding rain. The smell that rose from his steps was not altogether unpleasant although it reminded him of the dinner he’d missed last night and the meals he was missing this day. Perhaps there would be mushrooms or sorrel or some late berries he could feed on further along. The Schill would know exactly where to look, but he was locked away. Mercer carried the sword in his hands for a time, dreading having to place it back over his shoulder.
After several hours of steady slogging through the barren wood and the miserable constant drip of the rain, he spied a stand of spruce trees in the distance. The thick mass was overgrown, the trees crowded close. The stand was away toward the south, but he couldn’t see how close it was to the road. It mattered little when compared to the chill that was settling over him. Shivering and hanging onto the tree trunks for support, he turned in the direction of the spruce trees. If nothing else, their long, entwined evergreen branches should make for a relatively dry spot underneath. He’d take advantage of the shelter and rest for the remainder of the day. He thought of building a fire, but knew he dared not. If the weather cleared, he’d move on, hopefully coming upon one of the outlying cabins of the farmers and a hot meal before too long. Away from the keep, people were less liable to open their doors after nightfall.
The road was further south, although Mercer had no idea how much further. The trees were interlocked, their branches tight, and the space beneath dry and dusty between damp spots. The shadows were deep but not completely dark. He crawled in and tucked himself into a loose ball, curling around the last bit of warmth he could still feel. The air was still and quiet; the breezes didn’t penetrate and it wasn’t long before it seemed that the space he’d crawled into was growing warm. He pushed the sword away, relieved to empty his hands of it for a while at least. The hilt shone dully in the dimness of the trees and the scabbard was a dark water-stained brown. It lay flat and less imposing as just a chunk of metal here beneath the spruce branches. The bit of rope still tied to the scabbard was lank and twisted and would probably break when it dried out. Mercer looked at it a moment longer and allowed his eyelids to droop. West, he thought. What kind of loyalty did he have that made him even consider undertaking this kind of mad flight?  Love for the old half-elf he told himself as he drifted into sleep.
The sound of trotting horses woke him. He was stretched out along the ground, one of his feet half into a puddle that had collected as the water dripped from the piney branches. His clothes were still damp from the earlier trek through the rain, but his body had warmed them so they were a warm damp that wasn’t uncomfortable. The aches of the preceding night had retreated to dull throbs that he could ignore. The scratches of his flight began to itch and he could feel welts on his forearms where the heavier thorns had tried to gouge him and the unyielding vines had ripped at him. The freshness of the rain water seemed to clean better than the pond had. His stomach felt hollow as if it were contracting against itself. The sky promised an early evening with its mixture of overcast sunset and the dim and distant stars struggling to find purchase in the slanting light. The rain had pushed on further south.
He pushed himself to a sitting position, his head poking up between two branches. The branches were too thick to see far, but he could see where the land seemed to dip away, where the line of spruce seemed to end abruptly before giving way to another stand of naked black trees a little further on. In this depression then was the road. The trotting continued for a long while as an indeterminate number of horsemen rode past. No doubt a detachment of the king’s guards with orders to patrol the area and to watch for the Schill’s apprentice, Mercer thought to himself. They don’t even know my name; the thought was bitter.
There were no voices to accompany the clopping of the hoofs along the trail. All was quiet except a hoarse wind that shook the trees and the occasional drip of water as it dropped from the quivering needles. Of course such riders probably would be forlorn; their night was probably as long as Mercer’s had been. Perhaps it was even longer if they’d been in their saddles all through the cheerless drizzle, taking their punishment for his escape.
Mercer pulled at the sword. It dragged through the dust which had grown clammy through the wet afternoon. Dust clung to the scabbard. He wiped it clean and pulled at the rope. It was slimy, but it didn’t break. He slid the string to the middle of the scabbard and made it fast, doubling it around the leather and piling on a series of knots to hold it tight. When five hundred heartbeats had gone by without any further sounds from the road, he crawled out of his shelter and tied the string about his waist. The sword sat nearly level on the edge of his hip, and he only needed a hand to keep it from swinging up or down, left or right. Balanced thus, he retreated back into the spruce trees until he reached the northern limit of the stand and found himself faced with the thin black trunks and the gnarled fingers of their upper branches once more. He turned west, hoping to see the smoke of somebody’s supper fire before the night came on and it got too dark, before the people retired, resolved not to open their doors to strangers after the sun went down.
And he hoped the farmhouses wouldn’t also harbor the king’s guard.
The day waned completely and no smoke appeared. The trees seemed to grow thicker, and impenetrable thickets seemed to spring up as if this barren track desired to halt his progress. He considered using the sword to chop his way through, but realized that just lifting it and letting it drop would be exhausting and he was already wearier than he’d ever felt before in his life. His stomach felt as if it were trying to digest itself and the twisting pain of it nearly made him bend as if cramped. His mouth was dry. His gums ached and felt shriveled.
He started to feel his way around the thicket when he found that water was seeping into the lacing of his woodscaps. Just a trickle of water, it ran out of the thicket as a small clean ribbon, no wider than his hand, and so placid that it made no sound in its passing. He edged closer to the hard vines and twisting bare bushes to where the trickle seemed just a bit wider and deeper, and saw that within the thicket was a swampy bog, a natural depression where much of the rainwater ended up. So this is the source of the Lost Petals River, he thought. He cupped his hands into the water and drank slow draughts until the burn of his thirst faded and the rumbling of his stomach abated. The trickle fell away in tiers before disappearing into another deeper, more impenetrable thicket. The area between was spacious, and in the faltering moonlight, Mercer could see the low plants that filled the clearing. Crouching low, he stepped into the open space, his boots sinking into a rich loam, depending on smell more than sight to find what he sought. After only moments, he could smell the bitter odor of wild autumn sorrel and began snapping the leaves and stems off the plants and pushing them into his mouth.
Far from satisfied, he shifted around the clearing looking for additional plants. In the moonlight, he found the tops of wild scallions and despite a lifelong aversion to onions began to pull them up. He washed the bulbs in the nameless trickle and bit into the first. His face twisted at the taste and his eyes watered, but already his stomach was beginning to be appeased. A few minutes of further searching revealed a large clump of the onions, enough to settle his shrinking innards and fill his pockets against another day of walking. Perhaps he would grow to like onions, forced as he was to depend on them, but he doubted it.
He stood and ate, and considered the direction he had to go. Off to the north, the wavering lights flashed and danced against the mountainous horizon. To keep the lights on his right would be to travel west, but there didn’t seem to be a trail leading away from the clearing; it seemed that bog surrounded most of it. He began to retrace his steps back toward the east, and determined to find a piece of higher ground to sleep on, preferably under some kind of sheltering tree. He settled for some slender pines, more for the softness and insulation of the thick bed of needles around their bottoms than for the protection they would offer if it rained again. The sky, however, was almost cloudless; only vague wisps trailed down out of the north. The stars were out, the brightest rivaling the first moon in intensity. He was alarmed to see the red eye of the wolf constellation shining through the needles of the pine tree and the third bright star of the front claws glowing through the thin clouds. To see two of the claw stars was normal, but the third star was always considered a bad omen.
Just get it and go west!  These instructions!  What to do about them, Mercer worried. The Schill hadn’t the time to tell him more before his mad flight began. He lay on his back, nestling into the pine straw and feeling as tired as he’d ever been, but sleep wasn’t coming. The wolf constellation was swinging overhead, the red eye spaced in front of a crooked ear pointing in the direction he had to go. But how far?  For how long?  To what end?  The night time flight and the miserable days that followed and the constant vigilance against discovery had occupied too much of his mind to really dwell on these unanswered questions. It had all happened too fast, so fast that it seemed even the Schill wasn’t completely prepared. Mercer assumed that the Schill had meant for him to take the sword beyond the borders of Thesilia, but he had no idea what his master would have considered far enough. It was likely that he was to meet somebody, but he didn’t know who. The questions plagued him even after he fell into an exhausted sleep.

Chapter 13: Convincing a Conspirator

“The sword is still here,” he assured the princess. “They chase but a shadow.” He cast his voice at a pitch that could be heard from beyond the heavy door and gave it a pleading quality to suggest that she didn’t believe him. Let them think on that for a while, the Schill thought. The guards, probably order not to speak, had gossiped anyway. Mercer had not been caught, but they used the word yet, as if the boy’s capture was assured. The Schill frowned to consider what he asked of his apprentice and what price the boy would pay if he was caught. They would probably just kill him and take the sword.
The princess had looked on, a mixture of surprise and curiosity flashing over her stern features. She remained quiet. Let him do as he thinks he must, she thought, and she looked away as he tested each piece of furniture in the room beneath the one high window, always with the same precise wooden movements. She’d grown tired of watching his useless experimentation. He’d tested each piece of furniture the night before without apparent success. The curiosity about his strange manner of moving and speech gave way to an indifferent scorn. Where would he go anyway?  The drop from the one high window to the ground outside was several hundreds of feet down.
Attendants came up shortly after and took her down one flight in the tower for breakfast and the comforts of a bath. These were not her attendants. She knew none of the women who attended to her and wondered what had happened to her own ladies in waiting. It appalled her that total strangers watched her as she made ready for her bath, but at least the water was hot and lightly oiled making it easy to ignore them. She hardly felt it refreshing however to put on the same clothes. They were beginning to become musty and were developing a sour odor. She could have asked her ladies in waiting to bring her new clothes to wear, but wouldn’t ask it of these strangers. She wouldn’t trust those she didn’t know among the clothes of her wardrobe. She cringed as she pushed the buttons through buttonholes that were becoming stiff.
The breads and cheese that she found on the table after she dressed were both dry but passable. It was obvious that Marwaer wasn’t giving her much thought. Who knew what he had planned for her once the Schill divulged where the sword was hidden. She wondered if she’d ever be allowed out of the tower, if the cost of her freedom would be her father’s sword, the king’s sword; if it mattered either way. Surely her uncle would release her once he was securely on the throne, his rule fully established. She could be no threat then. He wouldn’t keep her locked up forever, would he?  She bit her lip.
The Schill, she noticed, had been given a bowl of soup and some hard bread. The bath and meal had ended with an escort of guards to deliver her back to the top room of the tower. The old half-elf watched her while he dipped the bread into the soup, a strange gleam in his eye.
“You’ve had new attendants, yes?”  He tipped the bowl up and let the vegetables in the soup slide into his mouth.
“I did. How did you know this?”
“Deduction. You’ve been bathed and scented. I can smell it from here.”
“I have, and what of it?  The oil was cheap if you must know. I would not say that you wouldn’t benefit from a bath.”
“Nothing, except that I see you are still wearing the same dress and cloak as before.”
“And!?”  The princess grew tired of his half-meanings and suggestions. And the way he ignored her comments. Before he could continue, she snapped, “Did you speak thus with my father?  These little hints and implications?  I’ll not have it!  Tell me what you’re going on about!”
The Schill looked at her for a long moment, seeing the hardness of her eyes, the glassiness of frustration making them seem larger and brighter. So much she would have to learn if she survives this, he thought. He set the soup bowl down and scraped his chair closer to hers, but she pulled herself away. His eyebrows rose as if to suggest that he didn’t care if she heard what he would say and he reached again for the bowl. He sipped the cold broth and waited. She glared across the room at him. At length, he spoke:
“You know, one of the ways I served your father as an advisor was to suggest things to him and let him work them out himself, decide for himself. You don’t tell a king what to do. That would be to take away his rule, to weaken his ability to govern, to make him dependent. Likewise a queen or anybody else who would rule. Your uncle, if he’d taken his place as steward as he should have, would have been treated as justly. Had your father had a son, I would have long since begun posing problems for him to gnaw upon and figure out himself. Alas, you were born a girl and that kind of personal interaction between us would have been…improper. Know that I deal with information, not imperatives.”  He let this sink in before he went on. “And again, I am an advisor, not a common slave. I’ll not be ordered by you any more than you would be willing to tolerate a disobedient servant. Not at this time.”  He slurped the last of the soup in exaggerated appreciation.
Her mouth opened, but she said nothing. Was there a smile behind his soup bowl?  By degrees she relaxed back into the chair, back to a more natural posture. She didn’t withdraw when he leaned closer to her.
“You wear the same clothes because the attendants have stolen the change of clothes your own ladies in waiting sent up. The oil was cheap because your new attendants have taken your expensive stuff and replaced it with their own.”
The Schill whispered this to her, but it might as well have been a shout for the look of outrage that contorted her features. Her fists balled up. Her brows pointed at the bridge of her nose. Her mouth opened showing teeth. The room suddenly seemed much smaller and it was the Schill who recoiled.
“And why would they do this?” she hissed from between those exposed teeth. The thought that servants would openly steal from her!  They’d pay dearly for the theft if she ever took the throne.
“I’ll not tell you that. The first thing to do as the queen that I would serve is to deduce for yourself what the meaning of this is. If you are unable to do so, my estimation of you has become too high. I wouldn’t advise the likes of those incapable of appreciating what I offer.”
“You would dare to suggest…”
“I don’t suggest anything, Princess. I do however observe that in our current state all of this is irrelevant. Since you are neither a king nor a queen and are as captive as I am, there is nobody who can claim my oath. Even your uncle hasn’t that power, usurper that he is. My oath is to the rightful succession of kings or queens as circumstances produce. But, when we find ourselves with our liberty, your ability to reason now will secure my services then.”
“And what makes your services so valuable?”
“Perhaps you should ask your uncle, as he threatens my death unless I elect to serve him. Oh, the sword is only part of the demand he makes on me. He knows my value although he’ll never benefit from it. Or reflect on how long I served your father and his fathers before him and the wealth you’ve enjoyed. For you it has cost nothing. For me it has cost true freedom. And while I have enjoyed some of the benefits of your wealth, they are a poor substitute for the freedom I was sworn to forsake before ever I breathed. But such is the life I’ve had. I’ve known no other. I would have the respect of those that govern me though.”
The princess pulled herself erect realizing that she’d actually begun to lean toward her reluctant advisor. Or so he appeared to be. She’d never considered that her father had kept this man against his will. It had never appeared so. Yet the bitterness of his words and the hard expression of his face were unmistakable.
“So you still keep your vow?”
“I have kept it and still do, though for my vow to mean anything, I would trample ignorance from those I serve. Let’s call it a matter of worthiness.”
Stern coldness furrowed her brows, but she said nothing. How her father ever accepted the advice of this . . . man!
She slumped in her chair. The Schill crept to his feet and stretched; a long annoying expansion of limbs and lips as he yawned. The slow inhalation and brusque exhalation were loud in the quiet she would have enforced had she been able.
“If you’ve no objections, Lady, I will nap now.”
Lady!  His assumptions were too great to withstand. She considered calling the guards to come and remove this insufferable, impolite . . . servant!  She was beginning to open her mouth to shout for the guards when she heard loud laughter coming from beyond the door. The throaty, grating laughter of Marwaer seeped over the threshold. He slapped the door a few times punctuating his mirth.
“I should very much like to see the indignation you cannot hide, Niece. He has a tongue within his head, yes?  But alas, I have other matters that I must attend. I’ll leave you to your friend and my soon-to-be advisor. Worthiness!  Hah!”  He laughed harder and his boots clumped down the stairs. His voice echoed up the circular stairwell for long seconds.
She slumped further into her chair. Her hands gripped the armrest, her fingers turning pale from frustration. A glance at the half-elf showed him lying on the cot, her cot, a chewed blanket curved over his shoulders. His back was to her, but she could see that it was stiffened. He listened still. She stopped herself from hurling an insult at him, from demanding that he get out of her bed. She was certain he would ignore her. Instead she watched his shoulders deflate, his back curve against the thin mattress of the cot, his head settle on a piled blanket. The Schill began to breathe the regular pattern of light sleep, the same sound he’d made the night before from the corner of the chamber where he’d made his pallet of the excess blankets.
What had he been on about?  Of course servants stole. He’d probably stolen plenty himself in the long years he’d served her father and grandfathers. Petty thefts to be sure; small things that would be overlooked or just considered lost, but nothing that would be sorely missed. Such was the routine of court life. What could be the significance of servants stealing her clothes and replacing her dearly bought oils?  Had her uncle even had clothes sent up for her to change into?  No?  Why the bath then?  Surely if he was trying to observe the niceties, to give her the courtesies of her rank, there would have been clothes with the bath. The oils could have been simple oversight. Yes?  The questions were too many. Her head was beginning to hurt trying to sort through the possibilities. She could find no logic to any of it. She closed her eyes against the pain that she was beginning to feel. It was too much to think about.
She missed her father. They hadn’t been close the last few years she realized. She had grown to spending her life with her ladies in waiting, to thinking about suitors and who she hoped would approach her father. He, with his councils and courts and the Schill, seemed ever busy. Her father had become a passing acquaintance to her, an honored guest whenever he appeared in her chambers, but hardly more. And she had been peripheral to his responsibilities as king. He’d still hoped to remarry after her mother’s death, to have male heirs to succeed him on the throne, but each time the issue was broached, he found something else to demand his attention. They saw less and less of each other as the years passed and she matured, noting the sorrowful way his eyes appraised her anew with each infrequent encounter. He’d never anticipated her becoming queen. Or at least he’d never spoken to her about such an eventuality.
She remembered being younger, crawling into his lap at the conclusion of his audiences in the various throne rooms. The hugs he gave her; the way he’d rest the crown atop her head and laugh as it slid down to her nose. He’d allowed her to watch him in his daily practices, sword and shield, winking all the while. The exaggerated battles they had afterwards with wooden daggers and pot lids for shields had thrilled her. She remembered being disappointed when peace made it possible to give charge of leading the army to his Theliant captains and his daily practices ceased; their mock wars with them. While she was still small enough, he’d pulled her up to sit in front of him as he rode through the keep, and let her cling to his neck as they galloped through the country.
She pushed herself up from the chair and paced to keep from crying. Whatever the Schill was, he would not wake and see her eyes red and her cheeks traced with weeping again. Servants stole. Yes, but to steal her clothes and oils so flagrantly, without regard for punishment?  She stopped walking and looked at the closed door, her mouth hanging open. The thought had been so sudden she was unprepared when it came.
“Things don’t appear to be as they seem, Princess.”
“No, they do not.”  She choked to think about the possibility, the probability, the certainty of what the new attendants’ actions implied. “You’ve been awake this whole time.”
“I’ve been awake. And you are now awake?”
“I’m awake.”  A wearied voice. She felt chastised, embarrassed, angered, and forsaken all at once. 
 The Schill rolled over and noted the sudden ruddiness of her cheeks, the quavering of her chin, the helplessness of her hands. They trembled and she pushed them into the folds of her cloak. She looked at him and grew nervous that he seemed less than alarmed by the conclusion she had reached. It seemed nothing affected her father’s advisor. Her advisor if the way he looked at her held any meaning.
“Would he really kill me?”
“A week ago I wouldn’t have anticipated it,” the old advisor shrugged. “Marwaer has always been ambitious, perhaps even a little cold or indifferent, but has never been particularly cruel. But he did have your father killed, and that was surprise enough. I know that I never foresaw it coming; something he confided to no other save the assassin that performed the deed, if he wasn’t himself the assassin. Perhaps the death of a brother has made it that much easier to order the death of a niece. Especially once her usefulness has worn out. Unfortunately, yours has nearly run out unless I miss my guess. Each day I refrain from telling you things decreases your value to him. We must act soon. I’ve been wrong before, not about what but when. But now I’m sure that we need haste.”
The Schill swept his legs off the edge of the cot and crossed to where she stood, her shoulders slumped in despair. “I would guess that he still anticipates that I’ll tell you where the sword is, but his patience is growing thin,” he whispered. “Otherwise you’d have lost more than your clothes and oils.”
“Will you tell me?”
“When we are far from these walls, but no sooner. I think our time here is growing limited, both of us actually, and I’ll definitely have to move faster than I wanted. It seems I must need do that often these days,” his voice trailed away.
She opened her mouth to speak, but he cut her off.
“I’ve always had a plan, formulated before your uncle ever even brought me here. He has moved quickly, much quicker than I expected, but I have managed to make some arrangements.” His voice was little more than an exhalation of breath in her ear. He smiled when he remembered how Mercer reacted to the word ‘arrangements.’ “Besides,” he went on, “I don’t wish to see how long your uncle will wait before he sends me to the rack in the cellars. He would be sure I didn’t survive that.”
She stared hard at the half-elf. “My father…”
“No, your father never. But somebody had a rack constructed in one of the cellars, before my time. To my knowledge, it’s never been used, but nor have they ever dismantled it. I wouldn’t want to chance that your uncle would have it dusted off and the worn gears replaced.” The Schill rubbed his wrists to think of how the ropes would pull should he find himself spread thus.
The princess was appalled to think that such a device resided within the walls of her father’s keep; that she’d resided and slept above it; that one of her ancestors had it built and had probably used it. The Thesilia she’d grown up in was marked in the later years by peace with never the need for such a torturous device.
“I don’t intend to be the first person in centuries to experience it here. There are other races that still use the rack and worse, but Thesilia’s wealth has made such measures unnecessary. A happy people tend to live harmoniously. Of course, your uncle has many unhappy people now.”  The Schill’s brows furrowed and it was obvious that his thoughts were furious.
“In any case, we’ll leave tonight. It’s a night sooner than I would have liked, but we have no choice. I don’t want to bet on your uncle redeveloping his conscience. I believe the track he follows is a steep, slippery slope downward that cannot be ascended. It will be his undoing before the end. For now, though, I suggest some real sleep for both of us. You may have your cot again, Princess.”  He held the blanket to her noticing that she hugged herself in the chill air.
She noted sourly that he was calling her ‘princess’ again. How infuriating such wavering servitude would become, she thought. She curled herself on the cot and tried not to think. The day was barely half over, but he was prescribing sleep, and with the knowledge that her uncle held her life worthless freshly revealed to her. How could anyone sleep knowing their death is imminent?  Perhaps she would accept his counsel; she would have him as her advisor. If he decided she was worthy. How infuriating that thought cold be! She breathed deeply. If that idea ever mattered, she thought bitterly. Despite the warmth the old man had left, she found no comfort on the thin mattress. She listened for long minutes to the Schill making up his bed in the corner and the light snores that came from his huddled shape once he was satisfied and folded himself into the blankets. Oh, to fall so easily into oblivion!

Chapter 14: The Gathering of Fridia

It had been many long years since last Halisill had seen so many of his people all at once, all waiting so expectantly for news. Whether it was the news he was bringing or the news from the first runners to return from the companies that had gone north, he couldn’t say although they all turned toward him when he approached. It seemed as if every elf in Fridia was settled along the grassy banks of the Silwing or basking in the late afternoon sun from the high branches of Mirimah and the surrounding trees. It would have been a most splendid gathering under other circumstances.
He recognized faces that he hadn’t seen in decades, elves almost as old as himself, all appearing determined despite the lack of report. His brethren from the southern reaches, those that lived and controlled the mountain passes, had come. Others from the east, who climbed the upper slopes of the Scithe Du to look at the frozen wastes of the Shock Muer, were filing in, their voices raised in song. The goblins were old enemies and the grim faces of his kin expressed their memories of other encounters. Surely it was battle that was coming, the stern faces seemed to say. Melisill touched his arm and stopped to join a group of younger elves; his generation, Halisill mused. Many of them were too young to know anything of battle other than the stories shared on starry eves. The rest weren’t old enough to have even had the stories to fuel their imaginations.
He waved his way through the clusters of elves, promising that he would tell all that could be told tonight, that he’d answer any questions asked within his ken once the sun fled from the sky. He went to the shelter that had been built for the king, but found that it was empty. He turned toward the arbor where Analith kept a bower of fragrant cedar boughs woven into the branches of a tremendous live oak tree that was almost as tall as the sister tree. She heard his approach and peered over the edge of her bed.
Her face was wan and tired. Halisill waved and she gestured for him to climb. “They’ve carried him downstream,” she said when he asked what had become of their royal guest. She offered him a water sac and watched him drink most of its contents. She waited for him to wipe his mouth on his sleeve. He looked weary, his face drawn with fatigue, and she counted back. Nearly eleven days he and her son had been gone. It hadn’t seemed so long with so many other elves coming from all over Fridia. New faces and old had stopped and paid respects or brought food and drink and sat in quiet vigil for the coming of any news. Others spent their days sharpening their weapons and skills. Metals clashed and bows twanged. The small hamlet was quickly transformed into a martial camp. The evenings had passed quickly with the visitors’ songs, more than a few of which she’d nearly forgotten. She’d been busy with so many of the elfin visitors that she’d quite forgotten the king. “A new shelter has been built down in the fens among the long grasses where it will not be so easily seen, but will be easily defended.”  She covered a broad leaf with breads and wild rice and passed it to her brother-in-law.
“What have the maidens learned?” he asked around a mouthful of bread. He rolled his eyes it was so good after almost a fortnight of hasty meals plucked from whatever the land would give. How many more such meals will I have before our unsought enemies press upon us, he wondered.
“Thaufwaer the Sane, the last king of Thesilia, rightful heir of Mogwaer, and descended from the first kings of Thesilia, led his people against the Klend from the north and drove them away from his lands. He campaigned in the mountains, camped against the bitter cold until the last foe fled to the frozen wastes beyond. He did so without injury to himself while he inflicted many wounds. His sword sang as its weight fell upon his foes. He fought in the Misckillic War against the trolls of the Sevenfolds and was battered from his horse. On foot he took a spear through his shoulder; the armor has since been repaired, the plate replaced. Within his tournaments, he dealt and received many blows including a slash that left a crease over the brow of his helm, also repaired. He preferred a Glintill charger for his steed and disdained to put spur to his horses. The rings on his fingers are of silver and criche. The gems came from trades with the Purolfoam of the sea elves, the Mara Dur, and other traders from across the Clept Sea where they were plucked from a desert that was once a lake. The hammer used to tap the stones in place was made of silvered lead. His crown is of gold, though not the purest, and is still the envy of his brother, other human northlanders, and the Ouros from the east. His armor is silvered criche, dug from northern mines and purchased from the dwarfs of Purgis Lash.”  Analith finished the first part of her recitation and stared as he scooped fingers of rice and drew them to his mouth. He stopped eating, a puzzled frown pulling the bottom half of his face.
“The Ouros?”
“Men from the east, beyond the mountains and the Clept Sea. They are strangers to the Nor Garnot. It has been noted that they wear the hoods of night-calling below their helms, and their mark is a winged green serpent with claws and the tatters of a hood grasped in those claws.”
“A dragon?  They can’t have done more than to adopt it as a symbol. The dragons are gone. I believe I’ve heard these men, many times in years gone by. Their speech is bitten off, the hissing and spitting of snakes, maybe an old dragon tongue. I’ve heard them on the wind this last week. They come this way.”
“An emissary paid Thaufwaer a visit and demanded his crown as tribute, claiming it as the lawful property of their lord and master. He refused them and they’ve sworn to take Thesilia along with the crown.”
“Some few come here for the crown, driving the goblins before them or leading them. I cannot say which. Their words were indistinct, too foreign. I think most are marching for Thesilia. Their numbers in the north are far greater than those that approach here. Anything else of them?”
“Their lord is called Nuersh, and he claims to be descended from the dragon.”
Halisill scoffed at the idea, but felt a niggling dread. No dragon had been seen or heard anywhere in the wide scope of the world since long before he’d been born. It was a rare elf that could remember the songs of the dragons’ defeat, those songs already fading to obscurity before he’d lived two summers. The time had been an inglorious chapter for the elves who were so easily swayed by the dragon’s voice. It had been men and ogres, who were much more resistant to the charms of the dragons’ voices that had hunted them down and had rid the world of their odious presence. Not without great cost. Many more had died for each dragon that was killed. Such was the price the other races paid that all should no longer suffer the terrors of those winged serpents. Thereafter, men and ogres had been allies as often as they were enemies, disturbing the peace that settled once the dragons were gone.
“Brother?”  Analith stared at him and he realized he’d been woolgathering.
“What claim have they made to the crown?” he asked.
“The crown was to be a part of the great horde of the last dragon, an offering that was rescinded ere the dragon carried it away. It is said that the victor in the last battle between man and dragon collected it as a trophy. Further tales tell that it was then stolen, probably by the Ouros themselves, and was sold from kingdom to kingdom, the price ever increasing as it came westward. The Thesilin smiths were unable to match the crown’s allure since it was forged in the dragon’s own breath. With their coffers overfull, they bought it for their king that their wealth would be apparent to all. It is their wealth in addition to the crown that the Ouros would take.”
“You have heard all this?  I’ve heard little of why they are coming. More about what they intend when they arrive.”
“The king wore his armor beneath his robes during the audience with the Ouros ambassador. Apparently it was his tradition to meet friends and enemies in the standing and ornamentation of a warrior. The Ouros made a threat to return and claim not just the crown, but the entire kingdom if he refused to yield to them this thing. Thaufwaer didn’t credit the threat. Such was the complacency of so many years of peace. Else wisdom would have dictated he hold the ambassador, though that may not have been a deterrent to the Ouros plans. Thaufwaer wouldn’t have taken a hostage anyway as it was beneath his honor.”
Halisill folded his hands in front of him. “So the crown was sent to us to divert the Ouros away from Thesilia?  It seems we may not have a friend in the north, but rather somebody that would do us wrong.”
“No, Brother. The crown was sent away from Thesilia to keep it from the hands of the usurper who killed this king. He was poisoned, drops of krithbane in his ears, no doubt at the hands of his own brother who now occupies the throne. Apparently they quarreled:  Thaufwaer would have negotiated a peace and made some reparation for the crown; his brother Marwaer would have murdered the ambassador and marched to battle. It seems battle is what he is going to get although probably not at the hour of his choosing.”
“With his people divided?  He will lose surely.”
“Perhaps. But the Theliant, the king’s keep in Thesilia is large and could be easily defended. Its walls are tall and thick. Marwaer boasted of this to his brother as they argued.”
“How much ease will there be in defending their keep with their army divided in its loyalties and a portion of its soldiery marching this way to claim the crown for their murderous usurper king, I wonder.”
“Their new king makes much grief for himself in addition to his family and people.”
“No doubt his numbers are lessened by more than the detachment he sent south. I wouldn’t doubt that he’s had to deal with others that simply would not follow him. I have heard the lamenting of the king’s family. One who was close to the king has been locked away. Others grumble and refuse to serve.”
Halisill met his sister’s eyes. She looked almost as tired as he felt. There would be no rest this evening. All that they discussed now would have to be repeated tonight around the fire, and a multitude of questions would be raised. He curled the leaf and allowed the last of the bread crumbs and rice to trickle into his mouth. He set the leaf aside and reached for his sister’s hand. There was a warm strength in the narrow fingers. Her auburn hair was swept back, the faintest traces of silver shining out among the strands. Wrinkles creased the corners of her mouth and the freshet green eyes. Of all the elves assembled here along the banks of the Silwing, there was none that he would trust or listen to like this sister, his brother’s wife. “So we keep this from the brother’s hands?” he asked. “If we keep it first from the Ouros?”
“If we can keep it from the Ouros. You say they are coming. Even if they threaten the north more, they push our enemies to us and would have our destruction whether we surrender it to them or not. They send no ambassador here, showing us no regard.”
“As you say. What else has the armor revealed?”
“The barge is made from some strange tree of the Lost Petals River basin, light as falling leaves. Its surface has been gilded; no hand’s worth of space is without its golden coating. The goblins did lay hands to it, but could neither pull it from the river nor forestall its journey. It has been sent to us, to you specifically. The one who sends it is known as the Schill, and he would have you defend it.”
“The Schill?”
“It is an ogre word meaning slave.”
Halisill considered for a long while before he spoke. “This Schill depends on us overmuch, but we will do as we can. The goblins have ever been our enemies, and those that would march toward us cannot be treated as anything else. Those that come behind, regardless of their numbers, must also be considered enemies, the usurper’s men.”  He let out a long breath and grasped the water sac. The idea of a dragon still tugged at his thoughts. He pulled a short final draught from the skin and met his sister’s eyes. “I had determined that it would be a fight we would have to make before Melisill and I ever departed the Cur. It seems that our kin are anticipating as much. Tonight we tell them all.”
The hamlet along the river had swelled to almost six hundred elves, some scattered in groups around fires, others watching the proceedings from the branches of the trees, watching the sparks and ashes floating up into the starlit sky. The river slipped by with only the faintest murmur, the last sliver of moonlight gleaming off its slick green surface. Many eyes turned upriver now and again, looking for some sign of what was to come. The early scouts that had run north had yet to be heard from. Family and friends frowned to think that their kin had fallen already, before the coming battle had really begun. None considered that it would be other than battle for the rumors that had spread, word of the metal’s song drifting from tree to tree, suggested that the funeral barge resting downstream was too great a prize for the goblins to ignore. The strangeness of the boat’s journey aroused too much curiosity. Whatever tales the rumors began, they all ended with battle.
Halisill walked beneath the scattered moonbeams as they slanted down between leaves. Overhead, the chatter of his kin halted and began again; a song was joined and drifted on the evening breeze from a small group of elves that had journeyed from the south, near the slopes of the Scithe Du. He listened for long moments recognizing the voices of friends long absent and the doleful lament of Clistillian, the Wanderer.

Near the toes of the Du
When the world was all new
Clistillian vowed to wander forever;
For the love he adored
Said she loved him no more
And they couldn’t be together

Up the spurs of the world
Over to the Shock Muer
Clistillian would wander the desert;
For the love he adored
Said she loved him no more
And they couldn’t be together

Past the sands to the sea
To the great water’s lea
Where the ships all wandered untethered;
For the love he adored
Said she loved him no more
And they couldn’t be together

‘Cross the ocean so wide
On a lover’s moon tide
Poor Clistillian often remembered;
That the love he adored
Said she loved him no more
And they couldn’t be together

To the lands cold and dull
With no welcoming hall
But the gates that pass in to the nether;
For the love he adored
Said she loved him no more
And they couldn’t be together

Poor Clistillian has gone 
To a world not our own
Though probably not for the better
Since the love he adored
Said she loved him no more
And they couldn’t be together.

Halisill listened to the song to its conclusion. The sad words had always had a restorative effect on him; the lonesomeness of the wanderer eased away the years he’d been gone in search of his brother. Halisill had been so intent on the words to the song that he didn’t notice that all other voices had ceased; that all the elves were listening. The respectful quiet that filled the air was unbroken. Not even the night birds were so callus as to squawk at such a moment and the trees seemed to resist the wind tugging at their leaves and branches. As good a time to speak as any, Halisill thought.
He strode to the edge of the Silwing where one of the larger fires reflected from the water and threw reddish shadows on the trees across the river. His raised arms seemed to break the spell of Clistillian’s wanderings and a quiet murmur rose. More wood was added to the fire until it blazed tall, the heat making the overhanging branches bounce. The elves from farther back came forward to stand just beyond the light. The trees rustled with others trying to claim good vantage points. Halisill noted the eyes, bright and keen, glowing in the light of the flames. Defiant eyes that would meet whatever came down the river without a single blink, without flinching. The glint of steel weapons stretched out of the darkness; the white fletching of arrows was like moths fluttering over the elves’ shoulders. Beyond the closest ring of his brethren were other rings, five or more deep, their movements subdued, their voices stilled.
To the side, Halisill could see Analith and Melisill, both standing in anticipation of the announcements he was about to make. Melisill clutched a slab of bark that was covered with wild greens and nuts, but he had ceased eating.
Halisill spoke of all that he knew and all that had been gleaned from the echoes of the dead king’s armor. All that had been heard on the wind was retold, sparing no details however small. The troubles of the Thesilins were recounted along with all the suspicions about the personage called the Schill, the charm that brought the skiff past the goblins, the value of the impure dragon crown on the king’s head. The old strange voices from far and away sounded nearer and spoke with the dragon’s tongue. The words of one who claimed to be descended from the dragon and the threats of his ambassador were made known. He told of the smaller band of Ouros that traveled south toward them and how this small band pushed the goblins to attack Fridia.
When he finished, he looked from face to face of those closest to the ring of the fire. None spoke, each lost in their own reflections. The fire crackled and sputtered; a knot in a stray piece of pine wood popped loudly and something in the fire shifted. A flurry of sparks rose as a burning brand caved and the separate pieces all settled more firmly together. There was only one question to consider and Halisill knew that it dwelt in the minds of all his kinsmen. He stepped away from the fire, his eyes meeting those of Analith and Melisill. There was no doubt that they both knew what must happen.
The murmur that rose was quiet at first, barely louder than the gurgling waters of the river. Heads bobbed in agreement; long disregarded weapons seemed to be gripped more tightly; eyes shined. The murmur rose to a clamor as more and more of the elves began to voice opinions, all pointed in the same direction. It had been several hundreds of years since all the people of Fridia had come together as they were now assembled, but their agreement was unanimous. The goblins would be made to regret any step they took in the Woodland Realm.

Chapter 15: Sobering Thoughts

Kamafial woke and felt the reluctance of his eyelids to rise. His head was fuzzy and building toward the dull ache that he knew could only be the souvenir of a night of mead and honeyed wine with the mountain elves. When he could prop his eyes open, he noted that he was in a corner of the great hall, surrounded by many of the youngest elves, all sleeping the fitful slumber of children who’ve been kept up too late. He was disgusted to hear that the rest of the hall was still loud in celebration, that the songs continued, and that the singers still had mugs of mead or cider or wine that they clicked together as they made toast after toast to the coming winter. He looked for Keef and saw the snow-dog stretched out in front of one of the large blazes with a trio of elves reclined against his great furry side singing a song about the smiling moon of Alistor that burns the tips of the mountain’s peaks. An old song that he would have joined them in singing, but his throat was cottony and already the drubbing throb of the headache was pushing its way past all other considerations.
He pushed himself to his feet, feeling as stiff as the boards that he’d fallen asleep on. At least, he noticed, somebody had thought to cover him. He wrapped the woolen blanket around his shoulders and tip-toed past the sleeping figures of the children. A bite to eat would be as good as anything else for clearing his head and working away the hum that buzzed in his temples. He loaded up a plate with cheeses, nuts, and a large leg of goose, and turned to find a different corner to retreat to where he could eat and watch without drawing attention to his wakefulness. He’d just sat down when Damantan broke clear of a crowd of his kin and came across the hall, a large mug of steaming cider grasped in his wispy fingers. He placed the mug on the table in front of Kamafial and grinned. But the grin was short-lived, replaced with a somber expression that suggested that the occasion was bittersweet after all.
Kamafial pulled the meat from the goose leg and slid it between his teeth. It made a nice change from the mutton he usually ate. He glanced at his friend between bites, noting that the young elf had something to say, but couldn’t seem to find the place to start. He pulled the mug across the table and took a long draught, grateful that of all the beverages the elves had put out, this was the one that was least likely to contribute to his headache. He thought that he might have even detected the mild taste of kalma and turned his gratitude toward Damantan. The thought of the warming and healing leaves seeped into his drink made him feel better already.
“You’ve heard something then?”
Damantan turned toward a group of older elves that sat clustered around the end of one of the long tables. He hesitated as if unsure that he should be speaking of what he’d learned. The elders would certainly rather speak to Kamafial directly. He took a deep breath and looked at the half-elf warrior.
“Do you know of somebody called the Schill?”
“I know of him. He’s Li-mi’ik, like me. A servant to the men in the east, or something like that. Why? I’ve not heard anything of him for years. Surely he is withered these days.”
“Apparently he also knows you. Or at least of you.”
“He is here?”  Kamafial couldn’t remember seeing any other strangers among the elves besides himself and his overlarge dog. He was aware of how much he stood out, the swarthiness he’d inherited from his human father contrasting with the pale complexions of the mountain elves. Another such would surely have been noticeable, regardless of how much wine and mead he’d had to drink. He searched among the joyous faces of those elves that still sang and drank their winter celebration but failed to see anybody who looked out of place.
“He has spoken on the wind.”
Kamafial knew that his neighbors claimed there were those among them who were capable of listening to the voices of the world that could be carried on the wind. Among some of the lower southern peaks were places where they said that even the faintest mutterings could be heard. He’d always doubted the truth of this, never hearing anything other than his own breathing and the weather. Still considered an outsider among the elves, he’d never been taken to experience this wonder and had come to regard it as an exaggeration. Surely the sounds were from right there within the gray elves’ sloping homeland and simply carried a long way in the clear mountain air. He’d heard them singing and talking many times from within the walls of his cottage and never considered any aspect of it miraculous or even magical. The elves claimed that it was neither of these things, but a skill. He tried to hide the traces of a smile he couldn’t keep from creasing his face, remembering how foolish he felt every time he’d attempted what they claimed to be able do. He almost succeeded in keeping a mocking tone out of his voice.
“What has my half-elf brother had to say?”
Damantan’s face twisted in embarrassment. He’d never heard the voices on the wind himself. His few journeys to the south usually found him collecting food or firewood while his elders climbed the steeper slopes and kept their secrets. “I don’t know. All I could get so far was that this Schill has asked for you specifically. I haven’t been able to learn for what purpose yet.”
“What about you?  Figure out why you have to come with me yet?”
The young elf’s pale face flushed in his further embarrassment.
Kamafial saw the rare redness on the elfin features and felt the flush of blood flooding into his own cheeks. His neighbors would never have noticed however, due to the ruddiness of his face, and so wouldn’t have guessed the anger that he was feeling. He took a deep breath and drank another draught of the cider. The warmth of the drink seemed to cool his thoughts. There was no need to get angry with the young friend across from him. Of all the mountain elves, Damantan had been the closest thing to a confidant that he could claim among them, and the prejudices against Kamafial didn’t come from him.
“They don’t trust me to speak for them,” Kamafial stated flatly. They would feast with me and ask things of me without fully extending their trust, he thought bitterly. This feasting is but a hollow attempt to prime me for whatever favor they would ask on behalf of this stranger who beckons.
“Some would, but there are some that won’t.”  Damantan’s voice intruded on Kamafial’s thoughts. “I don’t think they know exactly what you are to do, but if it means contact with the humans, they want . . . an elf to represent them.”
“What of the half of me that is human?”
“The other half isn’t. Would they trust you any more than the elves do if your place was with the humans?”
Kamafial considered this and decided that they probably wouldn’t. “I suppose not. So why is it that you go?  There are plenty of elders that could make the journey.”
Damantan didn’t say anything for a long while. Kamafial gave thought to his question and determined that the reason an elder wouldn’t join him for the trip was the same reason that they insisted that Damantan go with him:  the young elf was his only real friend among them. Kamafial grimaced when he considered that the relationship he had with his young companion sometimes bordered on idolatry, with himself the subject of Damantan’s awe. With only a few exceptions, the rest of the elves were generally indifferent. He wondered how his friend would react if he suggested that they ignore the Schill and the requests of the elders and simply went wherever the breeze was going to blow them, the way he’d allowed himself to wander in his younger days. Probably enthusiasm followed by appalled shock if he knew his friend as well as he thought.
The thought snapped into his attention. His headache seemed to return at the idea, but it was the only thing that made sense. The Schill’s request meant little more to them than as an excuse for him to escort the young elf on a long journey to the east. Maybe it was to try to arrange some kind of trade agreement or some other errand that had little to do with their outcast neighbor. He considered asking Damantan his thoughts but concluded that he didn’t know any more than what he was saying already, and that was little enough. The elves could be quite tight-lipped when it came to things they considered important. Maybe this was more important than he’d considered. He nodded to himself, sure that his guess was correct, and bit into a chunk of cheese. He hoped that in the end, the food from this feast was going to be enough to pay for the service the elves were pressing him into. Every other trade he’d ever negotiated with them ended happily for both parties. Would this one?
“Ah, so you are awake at last. The wine doesn’t agree with you?”
“Maybe it agrees too much!”
“Even his furry friend still lies stretched where he fell!”
The group of elders had approached while Kamafial chewed and thought. They tittered at their own humor. Forced jollity was rare coming from this usually thoughtful people. A few wobbled as they approached. The sight of an elf so deep into his cups that he couldn’t keep a straight line was so unheard of that Kamafial had to blink to be sure of what he’d seen. He didn’t find their jokes especially amusing, but said nothing. It occurred to him that he could refuse anything they requested of him. He’d made no allegiances to any of them; or to this Schill who seemed to take for granted that just because he called, Kamafial would come. He squeezed two nuts together until the shells cracked against one another and waited for the elves’ mirth to subside.
The rest of the hall continued to sing, their lovely voices rising in harmonies that were untainted by the excesses of their drinking. Others watched as competitors played at slashes, a game of hide and seek in which the players had to make the correct pattern of cuts into a large folded piece of linen in order for a woolen yarn ball to fall out of the bottom on their side of the cloth. A game Damantan knew and played very well. Another group was gathered around one of the hearths regaling each other with songs and stories. Still more were rousing the children for the first meal in another day of feasting.
“Perhaps we should step outside for a time to discuss your journey.”  The old elf seemed to want to put a hand on Kamafial’s shoulder but thought better of it.
The solitary warrior rose and carried the mug and plate toward the hall’s doors without looking back to see if they followed, annoyed that they would want to talk about a long journey for him while they seemed to be enjoying their celebration so much. Would they still be celebrating if they were the ones asked to make this trip, he fumed, and decided with his next breath that the answer was no. He decided his anger was misplaced. After all, it was this Schill that asked for him. The mountain elves doubtless would never have thought to bother him otherwise.
The daylight was bright after the better part of a day and all of a night spent within the hall with only the glow of the fireplaces and the dim light that crept through the windows. The sun bounced off of the snow in a sharp glare that made him squint as soon as he stepped from the doorway. Thick stands of fir, blue and yellow pine, and wizard’s pike hid his cottage from sight and no smoke rose from the chimney to even suggest that it was there. Further up the mountain, the peaks were hiding behind curtains of clouds, heavy mists that would have dropped snow if they’d been higher up. Somewhere up there lay the wolves he’d had to leave behind. Icicles glistened where they formed dripping from overhanging rocks. The air was cold. His breath came out in long vaporous streams that hung in the stillness. He could feel it in his hands first; the raw bite on the hand holding his plate. The bitterness was creeping into the other hand as the mug stopped steaming and grew chill. Blue veins showed where the cold paled his skin. They had chosen the right two days for their winter feast.
The elves looked less comfortable than he was, probably because their discussion pulled them away from their shelter and fires. The day was unexpectedly cold, but Kamafial had grown to regard every day as potentially colder than the one before. He set the mug in the snow and began to pick at more of the goose despite the grease that had cooled and now coated the leg. If anything, he thought, maybe this weather will be the thing to sober them up so they’ll treat what they will ask of me with a little more gravity.
Lis’huas stepped to the forefront of the group and Kamafial was pleased to see that at least the eldest of the mountain elves was serious. He’d been one of the few to refrain from trying to make light of Kamafial’s hangover.
“Li-mi’ik,” he said, “the voice of the one called the Schill has been carried on the wind to our ears, and he calls for you to assist him with some trouble he is having in his homeland. Thesilia, I mean. It involves a matter of an apprentice of his. A young man journeys toward us with a something in his possession that the Schill considers of great value. It is something he would have us provide safekeeping for until such time as it can be retrieved by himself or another emissary. He would have you find and protect the young man, and bring him back here until their troubles are over.
“He also states that the troubles they have do not only come from within. They have a new threat that comes from the east. Their king is dead and replaced unlawfully by his brother. Amid the weeping of those who lament their king, there are also those who weep that their kingdom would come to an end. Their army is divided in its loyalties. Some would not support their new king. However, those who remain would all stand together against an outside threat. The Schill fears that even with their strength united, they may not be able to defeat the people that are marching on them. Thus he sends this prized possession into the west.
“We would have you take Damantan with you to meet this man. He is young and ready. You are older and skilled and could protect him. We would have him speak for us with the Thesilins if the opportunity should arise. Long ago, when the Thesilins were just coming into their wealth and we were pressed hard upon by the trolls out of the Sevenfolds, the Thesilins did not abandon us. Our role in that war was ended long ago when the trolls left our hills, after the deaths of many of our kin. You have heard our songs of those weary and tumultuous times. But for the Thesilins, who prospered over time, it only ended within the last dozen years. If they would call upon us, we would go to their aid. If Damantan has the chance to tell them this, we would have this message delivered. We ask you to protect him that he may do so.”
“Does the Schill say what this prize is?”  Kamafial was able to imagine visions of something that would be sought after by the trolls and he could further imagine the dangers involved in trying to keep it from them. He wondered that there was no other place to vouchsafe whatever this thing was.
“He hasn’t spoken of it that we’ve been able to hear. Whatever it is though has been entrusted to the apprentice; something that he carries on his person.”
“How much of an escort has the apprentice got?  Is he pursued?  Would you have us merely guide them here?”
“Again, the Schill has not said more than that his apprentice carries something of great value this way. We would have you guide him here. If there are any with him that can return to their new king to tell him of our pledged support, then let Damantan deliver that message to them.”
Kamafial frowned. There were too many things about this errand that the elves were unable to tell him. And they had no answer about whether or not there was pursuit. Chances were they didn’t know because the Schill had simply not said so; a bad sign if Kamafial knew one. This speaking into the skies seemed a very unreliable way to communicate, he mused. Skies above knew what other dangers there’d be that they hadn’t even considered. Not to mention that they hadn’t even suggested a meeting place. The flat was a very large tract of forests and meadows, the kind of place where two armies seeking battle could miss each other altogether. It would be like looking for a white tick on a snow-dog. 
Almost as if the elderly elf had been reading his mind, Lis’huas suggested, “The crossroads at Plimner on the northern edge of the plain would probably be the best place to stop. After that, perhaps the bridge at Torn. If the apprentice’s task is as urgent as the Schill suggests, then his travel should be a straight line toward one of those two points.”
“Unless he’s pursued and seeks an indirect route. Or his way is blocked by trolls. I don’t doubt that there are still trolls in the Westfield. We’ll avoid Plimner though and make directly for Torn.” Kamafial hoped the finality he tried to put into his voice was suggestion enough to make them realize how foolish he thought the whole enterprise. Schill or not; Li-mi’ik or not; he didn’t owe any of them any favors. But they looked at him as if he’d already declared that he would do as asked. Thinking to change their perspectives, he asked, “Why should I do this?”
As a whole they looked uncomfortable. As one, they all seemed suddenly concerned about the snow underfoot. Kamafial looked from face to face, seeing only furtive glances from beneath their lowered brows. Some embarrassment seemed to have gripped their tongues. They all appeared sober now, their mirth frozen in the cold.
“There is a matter of a blood favor,” an old elf at the rear of the group finally spoke up.
“You mean because the Schill and I are both mixed blood?”  Kamafial made it an accusation.
“No!”  The old elf quickly tried to assure him, but the denial was too abrupt, too loud, Kamafial thought. “It is something older than that. Your . . . human father . . . owed his life to the Schill. The two were friends. The Schill smuggled your father away, to live among us when Rochegrud, one of the first kings of Thesilia, grew envious of your father’s courage and the wealth he was winning and his growing popularity, and ordered his death. The Schill did this at great risk to himself, for he was but a slave to the Thesilins at the time, and the old kings of Thesilia were cruel in their envy. We took the burden of harboring him as repayment to the Schill for convincing the Thesilins to march to our cause against the trolls. We owe him more, but he has not asked more of us. The Schill now asks this task of you to balance the blood favor of your father.”
Kamafial blinked against a sudden sharpness that seemed to spring from the sunlit snow. This favor, if what the old elf said was true, was hundreds of years old. The favor was older than Kamafial himself and he’d lived his centuries completely unaware that he owed anything to anybody for the life he’d lived. Now, he reflected, as the years drift away like so many leaves, am I reminded of the acorn from whence those leaves eventually sprung.
“It seems that the Schill knows how to save a favor,” another elf added dryly. The observation struck Kamafial as funny, but nobody laughed.

Chapter 16: The Garrulous Farmer

The cabin and its outbuildings were a long way off, across a field that spanned at least five hundred strides. The field had been reduced to spare stubble after the autumn harvest that came so early to the northern country. Dark sooty smoke rose from a stone chimney over the cabin and faded into the growing dusk. Rectangles of light shone through the two windows giving the place a look of warmth and welcome. A horse stamped in a small pole corral as it dipped its head to eat from a mound of straw. Even as the day mellowed into evening, its breath came out in torrents that were visible from across the field.
A road or a stream slashed through a part of the field and stretched away from the cabin, marked by a growth of low trees too spare to be a windbreak.
From the last of the thickets bordering the field, Mercer Kihn watched the smoke rise and wished he was standing next to the blaze that made it. A decent meal, a bath, and clean clothes would have been nice also, but just getting warm would have been enough to start. The day had been spent twisting and retracing his steps in order to find a way through bogs and thickets that didn’t require him to go out to the road. A nagging drizzle had begun at about noon and had only lessened for a few minutes at a time until the sun stood just above the distant lines of trees. He still heard the sound of horses from time to time, the muffled clop of many hoofs on the rain dampened roads. He was alarmed to discover that as he struggled to find a way through the thick woods, his path continually brought him southward.
At the border of the forest, he turned northward along the tree line to put more distance between himself and the road, always watching for movement from the cabin and listening for the sound of the horses. The trees grew thick and large with dense tangles of impenetrable brush and vines for several hundred strides until he came to a clearing in the wood that was filled with the broken and gnarled remains of tree stumps. Amid the graying roots and chunks of wood, some greenery still grew. The sweet smell of overripe wild strawberries filled the clearing. But they were a rotten mush between his fingers and bitter on his lips. He sat on a stump, relieved to have the weight of the heavy sword off his hip. It had ridden there the day through. The last of the scallions snapped sharply between his teeth. He breathed through his mouth to avoid the lingering odor of onion. He tried to wash it out with drops of water licked off of the leaves of plants he knew to be harmless.
Dusk settled across the fields and other lights in other distant cabins glowed through the dark. Northward, around a bend in the trees but visible, a thick cluster of buildings crowded together, aglow with lantern light swinging in the hands of soldiers caring for their mounts. An old stone barracks squatted in the middle of the cluster, surrounded by cavalry fences and stables. Torches blazed from the tops of every third fence post. An old outpost, it was now merely a way station for travelers going to the farther reaches of Thesilia and its thinly guarded frontier.
Mercer counted as the bobbing lights were extinguished one by one and the soldiers entered the barracks. Nearly a score of the king’s guards were housed in the low stone building. There didn’t seem to be any excess of visitors. He licked his lips to think of the hot stew and bread that the soldiers would find on their tables, the warmth and dryness of the old stones and the wooden floor, the snugness of the bunks they’d be sleeping on once their games and soldier sessions were over. The last of the onions cleared his sinuses that much more at the thought of it.
When the last lantern was gone and the lights in the windows began to dim, he climbed to his feet and began his trek across the field. A sudden thought interrupted his plan and he untied the sword from his waist. He laid it in a depression behind one of the larger stumps and rolled a tangle of vines and roots over top of it. It would be better to not have the sword in hand if he were apprehended, a possibility he considered likely. He had no strength to flee or resist if the score of soldiers learned of his presence.
The field was muddy. Pools of water soaked the troughs between the furrows. His feet sank nearly to his ankles within the first five steps. The sucking sound the mud made when he pulled his feet out was so loud in the open field, he expected to see the soldier torches relit at any moment. An attempt at keeping to the furrows proved no better. The soft soil crumbled under each step. It was perhaps a little drier, but certainly no easier to wade through. Exasperated, he pulled his feet out of mire and went back to the edge of the field where the high weeds seemed to have absorbed all that the clouds delivered. For the hundredth time in the past three sodden days and dripping nights, his lip curled in annoyance that the Schill had set this vague task for him. It was too much to do alone, but the Schill’s faith in him deserved at least effort. The love he felt for his master meant that he would not easily let him down, but it didn’t mean he couldn’t complain to himself about the task.
Following the edge of the forest southward, he struck out for the road, counting his steps away from the stump where he’d hidden the sword. After nearly a thousand mucky, dragging strides, the road was right there. The crushed stone lining the edges of the muddy ruts was comfortably solid under his feet. Keeping to the very edge of the road, his muscles tensed to jump into the parallel drainage ditch should hoofs be heard coming up the road, he began to trot toward the cabin. Each step was painful and draining and he began to realize that even if he hadn’t been making good time, he’d been walking for a long while and had covered a great distance. He guessed that despite the twists and turns and back-tracking, he had come above fifteen leagues in his three days of walking. His legs seemed to defy him now that the path was easier and he wanted to make haste. He slowed again to a walk, then to a plod. It was almost too much to lift each leg. He considered stopping when he noticed that the cabin was within sight and that only a single window was still lit. The road did indeed cut a slash through the fields in its southeast to northwest path, and just beyond the cabin, a crossroads led to the cluster of buildings. He’d like to think that he could stay on the road for the rest of his journey but knew it would be too dangerous.
He sat on the ground with his back to the door and reached over his head to rap against the hard wood. His breath was cold, fogging the air in front of his face as he drew ragged gasps and waited for somebody to come and investigate his knocks. A dark form slipped around the corner of the house and he stiffened. He tried to become one with the shadows, his breath held, every muscle tightened in an agonizing effort to be perfectly still. The form sniffed and padded closer and Mercer was relieved and frightened that it was only a small dog. He prayed that it wouldn’t begin to bark and extended his closed fist toward it to soothe its fears. The dog ambled closer, tail wagging, and Mercer reached to scratch its flopping ears when the door opened and he sprawled on his back, looking up at the furrowed visage of an old farmer.
The farmer blinked and jumped back. He looked closer and Mercer was conscious of his appearance. He was certain that he must look like some kind of beast from the north, some miniature version of a troll or an ogre, covered in dirt and mud, rain spattered, and drooling. He wiped a dirty hand across his bottom lip and discovered that it wasn’t covered with muck running from the corners of his mouth; it only felt like it. As if sensing his despair, the dog came into the light of the cabin and began to lick at the dirt on his face.
He eased the dog away and pushed himself to his feet. The farmer still stood over him and peered down into his face as if still unsure that the person in front of him was human. The old man seemed undismayed as he reached for the lantern that burned on the room’s crude table, brought it back to the doorway, and gave Mercer a more complete examination. Mercer breathed an exhausted sigh at the length of the man’s inspection.
The farmer turned away and placed the lamp back on the table. “You smell like onions, Son,” he observed. With the farmer’s face hidden in shadow, Mercer couldn’t tell if the man was trying to be funny or just matter of fact. The farmer wasn’t smiling when he looked back at Mercer for an explanation. His expression was more puzzled than alarmed.
“It’s all I’ve eaten for the last few days. Would you mind if I closed the door?”  Mercer had edged his way into the room and knew he’d feel more comfortable if the glare of the farmer’s lantern wasn’t blazing out the door into the night like a beacon. Anybody watching from the barracks couldn’t have missed it.
“No, you go right on ahead. Bugs are gonna be thick tonight after all that rain this afternoon; their last hoorah before the cold closes them down. Seems it’s done nothing but rain the last three days.”  Mercer considered commenting on the man’s fascinating powers of observation, but there was no way the farmer could have known Mercer had spent the those days walking in it. Besides, the farmer didn’t look like he would appreciate sarcasm. He didn’t have the look of a man who bothered to smile much.
He sat at his table with a carving knife in hand and a block of wood that he’d been etching into. Strips of the wood were piled on a corner of the table, atop a piece of waxed paper. The farmer returned to his work, apparently unconcerned about the filthy, unexpected guest standing on his threshold. Mercer watched him whittle out pieces of the block and carefully stack them into the small pile. After a few moments, the piece began to resemble the crudest shape of a horse and rider. Mercer was confounded when the farmer folded the waxed paper sealing in the small pile of woodchips and presented it to him like some sort of present.
“You’ll be needing this soon enough I suppose. I’ve got a few good flints and a small tinder box you’ll be welcome to as well.”  The farmer looked over, surprise crinkling his features. “Don’t you want to clean up some?  Skies above, but you’re dirtier than three of me in the middle of planting season.”
“You know who I am?”  Mercer asked, his voice faltering. He looked quickly at the door, but nobody rushed in to arrest him.
The farmer set down the knife and stared. “I figured you for one of two things. At first I took you for a small ogre, what with the excess dirt and all, but Scarp there doesn’t care for ogres so much and an ogre would be hard pressed to make it here in one piece, what with the soldiers running around so much. Scarp took to you, so I know at the least that you’re human, or what passes for human these days. So, I figured you’re either the young man that the soldiers have been tearing up the country looking to find, or you’re the runaway boy from down Clep Creek. You’re dirty enough to be that fool, but he walks around with a limp and is considerably fatter, so I’m guessing you’re the one the soldiers are after. Don’t be alarmed. Most of those soldiers are only half-hearted about finding you, and I’m considerably less-hearted about turning you in. Probably a reward for you though, but what would I do with that?  I never lived anywhere else in all my life. Think I’d pack up and move closer to the Theliant?  Not at all, not at all. Nice place to visit and all that. So anyways, you’re the one the soldiers have been chasing up and down the roads after, working their horses into a sweat, making a great show of it all for the captain over there at the barracks. That captain, now, he’s quite serious about finding you and taking you back to the keep. I think he’s a bit of one of them slaves to ambition or whatever it’s called. Talks about going to the keep and taking a command there, he does. Anyways, he comes around every day or so to see if I’ve seen you, and then heads off toward old Archel’s place up the road to see if he’s seen you. I’m Brechen, by the way. Pleased to meet you. I’d shake your hand but I’ve already cleaned up for the night.”  He seemed to be out of steam, but he only paused to take a breath. 
“And I’m just fool enough to let you into my cabin in the middle of the night with the barracks just up the road and my wife sleeping in the next room. We could say that you’re a farmhand looking for work, but I don’t think that would be all that convincing since we’ve already done our fall harvest and won’t plant cabbages for another couple of weeks, and you don’t really look like a farmhand except for all the dirt, but most farmhands know to wash up when the planting and reaping is done. Your hands look too soft to make a good farmer, but you’ve got that right look of intelligence about you, something we don’t see out here all that much unless you count that captain, but he isn’t really from around here, the busybody bugger. I’m thinking he was sent because they thought you would come here, although I don’t think I quite know who ‘they’ are or what you’ve done to get so much of their attention. Doesn’t matter. Anyways, there it is. You can probably stay the night without any danger since those soldiers are so well-fed that they don’t bother their horses until almost noon anymore, but you won’t want to stay much past the sunrise. There’s leftover bread if you don’t mind that the crust has started to get a little hard, some goat’s milk that hasn’t turned quite yet—our cow died a few months back—all the raw vegetables you could ever want, and a few strips of salted pork if you don’t mind eating what the soldiers have shared with us. Most of them really aren’t bad sorts at all, though I doubt you’ll be wanting to find that out for yourself given your situation. I’ll see if my wife can’t make something for you to take in the morning, but by then, you’ll need to be on your way. I don’t need a reward, but I don’t need trouble either.
“Skies, Son, but you don’t catch on terrible quick no matter how intelligent you might appear to be. You want to clean up or not?  Skies, but I ain’t gonna do it for you!”
“I was hoping . . .”
“This isn’t but a small room and you can see the wash bucket there by the window, can’t you? How much invitation are you expecting?”  The farmer grunted and picked up his whittling knife again. Mercer watched only moments longer as the old man started to work on the detail for the mane of the horse. He didn’t seem to be very skilled at carving, but it seemed to satisfy him judging from the thoughtful way he examined his creation. He turned what was left of the block left and right, looking to see how it shaped up in the light from the lantern.
Mercer crossed to the bucket. A rag hung off the edge of it. The water was obviously used. A thin film floated on the top and the water beneath had taken on a grayish pall. He made a showing of dipping the rag and wiping the dirt from his hands, but balked at wiping his face. Brechen looked up and noticed his hesitation.
“There’s a well out back if you want to freshen that. I think I would, less you want to end up smelling like supper. Better than that onion smell you’ve got there, but that’s just how I feel. Fact, if you don’t mind, once you’ve had your wash, you can go ahead and refill that bucket again. I usually bring fresh water in each night for the missus and you can save me the trouble. Fact, if you don’t mind, I’m gonna take my boots off since my outside trekking is done for the day.” He set the knife down and reached for his laces.
The food was on the table when Mercer returned, the old farmer still slicing into the block as if he’d never moved. The boots sat beside the door. Mercer could see socks that had been darned many times poking out from under the table. The farmer was intent on his whittling, his eyes nearly crossed in their focusing on the details he’d carved.
Mercer felt better although no amount of cleaning was going to do anything for the weariness he felt. He reached for the bread and ripped the softer insides out of the hard crust. It tasted better than anything he could remember. He dipped the crust into the goat’s milk and let it soften before folding the whole thing into his mouth and following it with the strips of pork and a plate covered with broccoli florets and radishes. He disliked radishes almost as much as onions, but ate as if each one was a syrup-dipped piece of candy.
“I’d offer you some honeyed mead, but you look ready to fall down now. The mead I make has a bit of a sledgehammer effect, so we’ll probably want to bypass that for now. You can sleep in the loft when you’re ready. Don’t worry, I’ll let my wife know you’re there so neither of you gets a surprise. She’s an old girl and doesn’t usually surprise easy, but she can be downright ornery defending herself if she is. She terrifies the rats even though that’s supposed to be Scarp’s job.” He looked at the dog curled in front of the door, its brown eyes on the farmer’s hands. “Course, if you want to set up a while, I would appreciate the company. I don’t fall asleep so fast without a day of work wearing me down. I need something to do these evenings. My hands are used to more than just resting in pockets or poking at the little everyday things. Days are getting shorter, but not quite time for the winter cabbage to go in. Archel up the road there sometimes comes and sets with me for a while, smoking his pipe and counting the wrinkles on his fingers. He’s missing one of his fingers, but doesn’t seem content to just count fingers; counts the wrinkles. Never seen a man more for counting. Or for smoking for that matter. Lucky for you he wasn’t here this evening. You’d want to avoid him if you can. He’s liable to start counting the coins that they would pay for your capture and wouldn’t be able to get to the captain fast enough. He’s not much of a farmer either, but he’s usually quiet enough. He lets me do most of the talking and no fuss about it, long as I don’t interrupt the counting.”  Mercer didn’t doubt that his host did most of the talking, but would have questioned that the other farmer had no objections.
“Been here most of my life, farming this same piece of land for the king, skies accept him. Seen enough seasons to be able to tell you to the day when the best time to plant the cabbages and potatoes will be. Tell as good as the king’s best advisor, not that I’ve been asked. Grown just about everything green at one time or other, and quite a few things that weren’t green. Huh!  Course most of it goes to the king or the army, but we’ve never wanted out here. Have me two fine sons although they’ve both gone off to join in the king’s army leaving me having to find my help from among the other families. Farming or fighting it is; either way they serve the king. That fool boy from Clep Creek was supposed to come up and help me punch the seed in for the cabbages in the next few weeks, but he’s run off. No matter; probably no better a field hand than you’d be with your soft hands and overstuffed brains. No offense.”
Mercer refrained from pointing out that regardless of how soft his hands were, he knew enough of farming to know that the weather would turn within the week and that the cabbages needed to go in sooner than the farmer suggested. He looked at his hands. They’d no doubt do a better job of carving the horse and rider than the farmer’s did. The horse was beginning to look too squat, too short and fat like a big dog or a pig even, and the rider fared no better. Its head was too large, almost bulbous, for the scrawniness of the neck the farmer had carved. It looked as if the slightest jar would wobble the head off the neck.
“None taken.”  Mercer pushed the empty plate away and wondered if his host would be offended if he declined to listen to any more of the farmer’s rambling palaver. He wasn’t sure at first if it just seemed the farmer talked a lot because of the days he’d been running alone, or if the man actually did go nonstop. He mused about it as he leaned back against the chair, content to doze until the farmer was ready to douse his lantern and go to bed.
“You don’t want to sleep there, Son,” the farmer advised. “You’ll wake up stiffer than this block of wood. I’ve done it myself a time or two. Not the kind of rest you’ll be wanting. Unless I miss my guess, you haven’t slept on anything soft for a while. The hay in the loft is fresh and sweet.”
Mercer didn’t say anything. Anywhere under a roof would be an improvement over where he’d slept the last few nights, and the warmth of the cabin would probably be more than enough to keep him comfortable. The farmer turned back to the block and began to carve away more of the figure’s neck until the head fell with a clatter onto the floor. The dog, Scarp, jumped at it and carried it in his mouth to back to the door where he started to chew on it loudly.
“I never was any good at this,” the farmer said as much to himself as to his guest and tossed the remaining scraps into a box of other beheaded figures next to the fireplace. “You go on ahead up into the loft and don’t worry about anything. I’ll wake you in the morning so you can be gone before the soldiers start their patrols. I’ll see if the missus won’t fix you something decent to take with you, something you can heat that will be a comfort against the winter weather that’s coming. Beginning to feel it in my bones; almost time for the cabbages.”
Mercer thanked the man and climbed a short ladder to a loft. He buried himself in a mound of hay, mindless of the scratchiness of it going down his collar and on his cheeks. It was warm and dry, two sensations he’d begun to think he’d never experience again. The last thought he had was to question how ready the farmer had been to take him in and whether or not the man could be trusted, but before he could consider all the bad things that could happen to him if the farmer decided to fetch the captain, he was asleep.

Chapter 17: The Farmer’s Wife

The sun was slanting over the trees throwing long shadows when Mercer awoke. He looked out the small window of the loft and shook his head. Something wasn’t right about the sun slanting the way it was, and he realized that the sun was at the wrong end of the sky, that the farmer had left him to sleep the day through. He scratched away the chaff from the straw that had slid beneath his collar and felt as itchy and dirty as if he’d never washed the night before. He peered over the edge of the loft and saw the farmer’s wife moving around in the small kitchen. Brechen wasn’t in the room.
A bit of straw drifted down to settle on the table and the woman turned and looked up into his eyes. She looked vaguely familiar, but Mercer decided that all such women looked familiar. His parents had been farmers out near the frontier, less than a day’s march from the wall the king had ordered built to keep the trolls from raiding into Thesilia. Too late that wall had come and his parents were killed as they toiled for their sovereign by one of the many bands of wandering trolls that were so common then. His parents had been tilling one of the distant fields when the attack came, too far from the closest outpost of the king’s army. “Commerce” the Schill told him later. The king’s reach had exceeded his grasp and farmers paid for that ambition. The trolls hadn’t ventured to the cluster of cabins where the youngest children had been left in the care of one of the older kids. Many were made orphans on that day. Mercer had been the ‘assistant’ to the Schill ever since. The farmer’s wife had the kind of face he remembered on his mother and the other women that had tended the king’s fields out near the frontier. A certain heavy roundness, pleasant colored cheeks, and an earnestness that made every last one of them motherly. The woman below lacked only the youthfulness he remembered in his own mother. Instead she carried the robustness his mother would have come to know.
“So you are awake then.”  She turned back to the kettle hanging from the crane over the fireplace, her manner as abrupt as her husband’s. “Come down and get a bite. Skies, but I’ve never seen anybody sleep as long as you’ve done if what Brechen says is true. Nigh onto a full day you’ve snored down at us from up there. Wonder the soldiers didn’t hear you up there. But no matter. Come down and eat. Got us a nice thick stew; put a little iron back into your limbs. Brechen tells me you’re more the thinking type than the working type. That’s too bad. Skies, but he’ll need the working type in short while here. He told you the help he had lined up for planting done run off?  Probably for the best anyway; boy as fat as that probably wouldn’t last a day. I set a suit of clothes up there on the top of the ladder for you. They belonged to my younger son, but he’s in the king’s military service now and wouldn’t be seen dead in farmer clothes any more. Pride, he’s got, although we raised him to be humble and hard-working. Still, he comes home to see us from time to time, and he’s grown so wide in his shoulders—probably from wearing that heavy armor all the time—that he doesn’t fit them clothes anymore. You’re welcome to them, unless you’ve got an excess of pride yourself.”  She stopped and looked at him expectantly, but when she saw that he still wore his mud-spattered cloak and trail-torn breeches, she shook her head. “I guess not,” she said and launched into another long rambling discourse about the other lads that had run off to the king’s service, the lack of help with drainage in the lower lying fields, the death of their milk cow, how their well had frozen the previous winter and Brechen hadn’t done anything about it, so it probably would again, and so on. The woman talked a stream over the kettle as it steamed and bubbled that made Mercer wonder if anybody else ever got a word in when she and her husband were together. Did they take turns or just talk over each other, he wondered.
He flinched when the door was flung open and Brechen came in, a load of firewood in his arms, the small dog Scarp at his heels. The farmer set a large block on the table. “My next masterpiece,” he proclaimed.
“Oh?  What will it be this time,” his wife asked, “a horse that looks like a rooting hog, or another bird that looks like a locust?  Or maybe another headless knight in armor?”
“Firewood,” riposted the farmer, and he let out a dry, almost humorless chuckle and winked up at Mercer. “So you’ve decided to join the wakeful, have you?  Would have thought you’d’ve waked yourself up long before now, what with that racket that was coming out of you. Big, heavy snores; good sleepy snores like you only get when you’re sleeping off the worst weariness and the dragons couldn’t wake you if you was hanging on a spit and turning to get browned up all even. Come on down and have some supper. You should be hungry after just that little bit of bread and pork last night. There’s squirrel in the pot tonight, fresh from the edge of our stump pile. Little thieves are always going into the fields for the bigger seeds and the ones that don’t get planted deep enough…”
The farmer kept talking, but Mercer stopped listening and started to quiver when he remembered that the sword was hidden in the stump pile. He looked searchingly at the farmer to see if there was any suggestion that he’d come across it. The farmer rambled on, unconcerned.
“. . . told the captain I’d keep an eye out for any fugitives from our new king’s justice, but it’d be hard since I was probably going to be looking up into the treetops for squirrels. Our new king; shame that the old one died so young. Well, not quite young, but not quite old either. And his daughter not old enough yet to take the throne. Not sure about the brother, though. Seems a little strange him becoming king instead of steward for his niece until she comes of age. Course we only hear stories out this way and you never know what to believe until something comes along that you can see for yourself. Take you for example. I knew almost immediately that you would be fair…”
Mercer climbed down from the loft, the change of clothes tucked under his arm. The farmer kept talking until his wife put a large bowl of stew on the table in front of him and the first wooden spoonful was on its way to his mouth. She picked up the conversation where he’d left off, and kept on until she’d placed a bowl and spoon on the table in front of Mercer, another bowl on the floor for the dog, and one for herself on the space opposite her husband, and settled herself down behind it with another large spoon.
The cabin seemed to grow unnaturally quiet as they ate, the relative silence only occasionally broken by a slurp from a spoon, the tearing of crusty bread, or the dog scraping his bowl across the floor. Mercer was embarrassed at how quickly he ate the first bowl, but the embarrassment was short-lived. The woman refilled the bowl and ladled out more for her husband and herself almost immediately afterward, and between the three of them, the ladle was soon scratching the bottom of the kettle for the last bits of gravy and chopped vegetables.
When they’d pushed back their chairs, each releasing a contented sigh, Mercer remembered that the meal was supper and that they’d let him sleep the day through.
“You were too far gone to wake,” Brechen said. “Didn’t seem practical to get you up in the morning anyways, what with you coming in on me in the middle of the night. I’m guessing you’re better off traveling when there are fewer eyes open, so we let you sleep. It’ll be dark soon enough so you can be on your way. Sorry to see you go; you’re a good listener, but you will need to go. A reward don’t entice me at all, but I would avoid trouble.”  The farmer stopped talking, his face soured up as if trying to remember something that was just beyond memory’s grasp. Mercer thought that maybe he was finally at a loss for words, but his expression cleared and he went on. “You don’t need to thank us for anything, so take that notion right out of that overstuffed head of yours. Our sons haven’t been home in a while and we weary of having just each other to listen to.”  Mercer wondered if Brechen was referring to his snores but kept quiet.
When they did stop talking, Mercer thanked them many times over. He accepted a hug that almost seemed like a chastisement from the wife and felt strangely as if he were leaving home. The feeling increased when the farmer took Mercer’s soft fingers into his own callused hand and squeezed it like a proud father sending his son forth into the world. Even the dog seemed to regret his leaving, but Mercer watched for the shadows to grow long enough that he could slip away from the farmer’s cabin unobserved. 
The night finally grew dark enough that he stopped worrying about being seen. Brechen stepped to the door with him and presented him a pack to put the extra clothes in when he was ready to change, his expression suggesting that Mercer should have changed already. The pack, he pointed out, already had a sack of nuts and some trail vegetables, a tin of dried berries that could be eaten on the run, some flints and a tinderbox to build a fire against the cold winter nights that already breathed out of the mountains, the waxed packet of wood shavings that Mercer had left on the table the night before, and a wax-sealed crock for when Mercer had time to build a fire and have something hot to eat. The farmer winked and told him that the crock contained onion soup, a dish neither he nor his wife particularly cared for, but that he’d convinced his wife to make that morning since Mercer obviously loved onions. Mercer thanked him again, shouldered the pack, and set out into the night.
“If you ever decide to have a go at farming,” he heard Brechen saying to his back, “you know where to find us.”  He turned and waved.
The fields had dried somewhat during the day, and he made it across to the tree line with a minimum of sticky footing. In moments he found the clearing of stumps and had the sword in hand. Refreshed by his day of sleeping and the hearty meal, he was disappointed that it was still very heavy and wouldn’t rest comfortably on his shoulder or hip. He tied it to the pack and once more turned westward.
He thought of the Schill and wondered what had become of his master. The idea that the old half-elf was dead seemed too remote to consider. Dead or alive, though, he would continue to try to do as he was told. He owed the Schill that much and more if he thought about it. He felt that he also owed something to Brechen and his wife and would someday consider offering them his help. If he ever returned. The farmer’s cabin was dark when he went back past it.

Chapter 18: Dangling Princess

The evening meal was spare; the quality poor, certainly much poorer than what the princess was accustomed to. The Schill raised an eyebrow as if to suggest that he’d warned her. It irked her that he was again right, and she wondered who had actually been in charge of her father’s kingdom.
They ate on opposite sides of the room, both of them content with silence. The Schill dug into his simple fare as if he didn’t expect another meal for a long while. He noticed that she was picking over her food and gestured that she should eat. When she began to ask a question, he placed his fingers to his lips and stepped across the room.
He whispered:  “Let us be quiet this evening. Your uncle is probably at his feasting, forgetting about us this night. We must take advantage of this. The morrow would be better if we were gone from this place. If we speak, those without would listen that much more intently. If we are quiet, perhaps they will retire that much sooner.”
He returned to his half of the room and ate the rest of the poor meal, catching every crumb and drip of grease. The princess turned away, reminded that he was after all, still little more than a servant. Granted an honored servant but he still served. Or, he did serve. She wondered about his personal code that dictated his actions. He’d probably say something about choosing whom he would serve as if the choice was really his if she asked. She didn’t bother, but sat and slipped the poor meal between her lips making faces at the stringiness of the meat, the mushiness of the overcooked, overripe vegetables. The bread showed a few spots of green that reminded her of the first raised bumps of the queasles she had when she was small.
“Does he think to poison us slowly?” she breathed in frustration.
“I don’t think he knows or cares what our fare is. You can probably thank the same people for this meal that you would thank for your cheap oils.”  The Schill pointedly pinched a spot of green from the bread and tossed it into a corner of the room.
When they’d finished and pushed the dirty plates – Lisle’s only half emptied – beneath the heavy door, The Schill asked, his voice loud and cast toward the door, “How are you, Princess?”  He looked apprehensive at how she would respond. She knew he expected her to say something specific for the guard’s benefit, but couldn’t be sure what.
After long moments she said, “I grow weary of this place. It exhausts me. If you don’t mind, master advisor, I will retire now.”
“Sleep well then.”  The Schill nodded at her, content with the response she’d given. He’d have preferred that she merely asked to be left alone. Let the guards strain that much more to hear what wasn’t said. The sooner then, they would have abandoned their post to join the king’s festivities below. The Schill wondered at the kind of ruler that would order a celebration only a month into his rule with the threat of war marching towards him. One that was not destined to rule long, he thought without either joy or sorrow. The people would suffer more than the usurper.
The princess reclined on the cot and drew the wormy blankets over her. She pulled the least decayed of them up to cover a portion of her face so she couldn’t be observed from the doorway should anybody enter. Her eyes remained open, fixed on the Schill, waiting to see what his plan entailed. He’d not said anything about how they would make their escape and she was curious how he intended to get through the heavy door, past the guard room on the next level, and down through the many levels of the keep unobserved. The old half-elf went to the corner where he’d piled the blankets of his pallet, not seeing the look of defiant doubt in the princess’s eyes. He rolled himself in the blankets and lay down facing the wall, only his strange, thin-soled boots and the sandy gray hair showing. She watched a few moments longer before the weariness that she thought she feigned overtook her and she allowed her eyes to slide shut.
It was fully dark when she woke up wondering what had stirred her so. The Schill stood over her, his thin fingers nudging her shoulder. She blinked a few times trying to adjust her eyes to the deep shadow of the chamber, but the dark was near total. She felt rested but apprehensive as if waking and a mad escape plan were not among the things she’d wish to do. Her dreams had been filled with light that even now was reluctant to fade from her mind. But the tower room and the window frame were dark. The sky without must be so completely overcast that no stars or moonlight can offer the least bit of illumination, she thought. The Schill, however, didn’t seem to have any problems with the murkiness of the room.
“It is time.”  Barely a whisper, but as strong a command as she’d ever heard before.
She rolled away from him. “What plan do you have?  Tell me before you rouse me from the warmth of this mean cot. As poor as it is, I am at least warm.”  She grumbled other unintelligible words to the wall. “I would know what you plan for me.”
The Schill breathed patience. “We need the cot and the contents of the mattress. They hold the keys of our escape. Unless you’d rather stay, alone I would add, and deal with your uncle.”  She stared at the wall a few moments longer, and when she turned he saw her blink at him with a puzzled expression clouding her eyes. Keeping the blankets draped around her shoulders, she put her feet to the floor and stood, curiosity overwhelming the disdain she felt for his confidence and tone. The threat to leave her to her uncle’s whim decided her.
With the greatest of care to make no noise, he pulled the mattress from the frame of the cot and began to pull at the strings that kept the mattress ends tied together. In the dimness she thought she saw him pulling the stuffing out of it, but he placed several items aside and left most of the cottony padding where it fell. She fingered the pieces he’d set aside; rough cloth of a sort, the shape of breeches and a hunter’s shirt, the thin hide of a thread-bare hunting jacket, and the shapeless leather of the soft-soled boots that the Schill wore.
“What will you do with those?”  She felt apprehensive. Surely he wasn’t expecting her to wear such rough, manly garb. The clothes looked as if they’d been pilfered from some lowly hunter. And they were all obviously overlarge for her smallish frame.
“They are for you to wear. You’ll want to leave your richly clothing behind.”
“But…”  She held up the shirt with her hands spread to show the width of the shoulders, the length of the sleeves. The collar was torn and hanging loose and so wide she could have slipped it over her shoulders.
“I shall avert my eyes, Princess. Change.”
Leave it to a man, she thought, even if he was half-elf to misunderstand her reluctance. She’d been dressing and undressing in the presence of servants all of her life. Of course he would avert his eyes as any gentleman would. The problem he seemed to ignore was the clothes. Still, there was a command in his words, and when it came to escaping her uncle, she would have to be the follower.
“But my clothes…  How am I ever to return to this place in less?  I cannot be seen in these rags.”  She raised the breeches and thrust her hand through a hole in a knee.
“Rags, yes. If you are seen, it would be better if you were observed in rags. You’ll not appear to be you in these clothes. Your finery can be replaced, if and when the time comes. For now, remember that the free and dusty hawk makes no complaint at the drabness of his feathers. Now stop stalling and change. You have nothing to worry about from me.”
Conscious of the half-elf’s closeness, she pulled the breeches on under her cloak and robes, her face flushed that she did so in the presence of one who didn’t consider himself a servant. With growing unease she pulled her cloak and robes from her shoulders and shrugged into the shirt and jacket. Good to his word, the Schill kept his back to her and moved on to the frame of the cot itself. As her eyes adjusted, she could see that the frame was a simple rectangle of wood with rope interlaced back and forth creating the cradle on which the mattress had rested. He struggled with a thick knot, his long knowing fingers tugging at the single lock in the rope that kept the sling together. The knot undone, he began to pull the length of rope out of the frame, piling it on the floor beside him. She sat and pulled on the boots, her attention fixed on what he did now with the loose ends of the rope. He wove it back and forth across the cot frame at greater intervals and wrapped the excess of both ends around the thick frame at the head of the cot.
“What do you make?”
“A ladder. I’ll need your help lifting this to the window.”  He looked to see her dress. “The clothes will do. How are the woodscaps?  The boots?”
“They are overlarge like everything else.”
“Roll the sleeves and cuffs up. We’ll tie them up somehow. Stuff some of the filling from the mattress into the toes of the woodscaps, your boots. Then help me to lift this to the window.”  He indicated his makeshift ladder.
“The window!”
“Shhhhh. Yes, the window. Do you see another way out, or can you magically make locked doors open?  Maybe if you call down to the feast and ask nicely a drunk will let you out at the expense of his head. Shall I wait?”
She glared at the sarcasm. “I thought you could do magic,” she said.
“You thought wrong. Now do as I ask,” the Schill breathed, frustration and anger tinting the barely heard words.
“But I can’t…”
“You can.”
“The rope will not be long enough. This tower is at least a hundred strides tall and below is only the cobbled courtyard. We’ll be smashed to bits for such a long fall. I do not wish to be smashed to bits. Or perhaps you can call down and have a drunk catch us?”  He wasn’t the only one capable of sarcasm.
The Schill ignored it. “We’ll have to not fall then. The rope is decidedly too short to reach the bottom, but we only go down so far.”
“But the wall is so sheer.”  Panic crept into her voice. She backed away, her eyes growing larger in the darkness. “I cannot climb.”
“You’ll not have to. Listen…”
She didn’t listen. She put her hands up as if to ward off an attack. “You’ll be the ruin of me. I cannot do this.”  She started to pull at the enormous rough clothes.
“Listen!”  The Schill’s voice was a hiss such as she’d never heard before and despite the tears that had sprung from her eyes, she brushed them away and stiffened, captivated by the urgency of that fierce whisper. “You won’t have to climb. I will lower you to the next level. You will have only then to find something to tie the end of the rope to so that I can climb down.”
“But the next level?  The guard room…”
“Is but one half of that level and will likely be deserted. Most will have gone to carouse and drink while your uncle has unstopped his wine barrels for his feast. A bit of folly that will be our salvation; thank the skies for the advent of fools. Those left will likely have had theirs brought up to them and so may already be retired and heavy with drink. That will be the other side of the landing anyways. Directly below us is the room where you bathed. Now is the time to go, while the sky remains clouded and no light would aid any in seeing us in our flight.”
The princess swallowed and looked at the small window they would be going through. It was high on the wall and seemed tiny, much too small for two people to sit together within let alone to maneuver and climb from. The Schill had already lifted an end of the cot and was waiting for her. She cast a long last glance at the shadows that were her discarded robes and cloak. The shirt she wore itched and the sleeves threatened to unroll past her hands. Would any know she was a princess if she fell in these clothes?  
“You know what happens if you stay. Is your uncle above using the rack in the cellar?”  The Schill knew how unlikely it was that she would be subjected to torture. Most probably she would be strangled right there within the tower and her body quietly carted away. But he needed her to be decisive and hoped the threat was enough.
She wiped the last bit of moisture from her cheeks, picked up the crude end of the cot, and heaved it over to the wall. The Schill stood the cot on end with the head up near the ledge of the window. It didn’t quite reach; they’d have to stand on the end of the cot to reach the casement.
“This is impossible.”
For answer the Schill grasped the sides and pulled himself to the top of the cot and scrambled up onto the ledge with a dexterity that amazed her. “Now you,” he ordered and held a hand down to her.
The ropes swayed beneath her unsteady steps but the pressure of the Schill’s hand in her own assured her. He pulled her up to the ledge and they sat facing each other in the narrow confines of the window frame. The princess was surprised at how deep the window frame was and had to lean toward the edge in order to see what the drop from this height was. The distance was daunting, but the half-elf’s hand on her shoulder gave her a measure of confidence. When she looked around again, he was leaning back into the room and unraveling the thick knot from one edge of the frame of the cot.
“Tie this fast around your waist and hold tight above the knot. I will lower you down to the next window. When you are safely sheltered on the ledge, wrap as much of the loose rope that I’ll let down to you around the shutter and pull up any extra and hold to it tightly. I’ll lower myself down with the other half of the rope here. But you’ll have to hold tightly to the rope. This end is only going to be wrapped once around the frame of this cot. If your end comes loose, I’ll fall, and you with me.”
“Is there no other way?” she gasped.
“We can wait for your uncle to come and get us in the morning, but I doubt either of us will be happy with the outcome of that. His revel is just likely to give him courage tonight, and his hangover tomorrow will prompt him to some action. Remember, hold tight, and we’ll survive this.”
She wrapped the rope around her waist and lifted her arms. “You tie the knot,” she said. She looked at him intently as he bound her with a few loops of the rope. If there was any doubt or loss of confidence in his eyes it was not visible in the poor light. He tugged the knot a few times and nodded and pointed at the open space beyond the window’s confines. She took a deep breath and started to slide toward the window ledge. A quick tap on her shoulder stopped her, and she looked back to see him indicating that she needed to turn around. She did so and felt some comfort in not having to look down and in seeing the Schill’s intense gaze and determination as he slowly paid out line. She gripped the edges of the sill and felt empty space beyond her feet. Her initial panic subsided as she felt the rope come taut and hard against her back and she saw that he’d pulled it tighter, the last confidence he could give her before she dropped out of view. The last thing she saw before the ledge came up was his long thin fingers tensed around the rope.
The space around her felt so empty she thought she would be sucked away from the wall. Tears rushed out of the corners of her eyes as the impact of where she was struck her. She fought the insanity that threatened to open her hands, to have her just fall and to let fate determine whether she would be dashed to pieces below or the gods would arrest her descent and save her. A giddy sense of panic nearly made her laugh aloud until she heard the clash of a serving platter being dropped far below. Marwaer’s party. The thought of it while her life literally hung a hundred strides overhead made her mad. Still, she prayed none would look up, even though the darkness was nearly complete and the light of the lanterns was ruining their night vision.
The cut rocks and mortar of the sheer wall crept upward in front of her. The air was cold, colder than the hard stones that she stared at. The huntsman’s clothes, overlarge on her small frame, did little to keep the chill from her skin. She shivered but couldn’t have said if it was from the air or the height from which she hung. She tried to keep from looking down but the other sounds of late revelers in the courtyard below dragged at her eyes. The lanterns down there were small dots of glowing flame flashing in and out of the trellised pavilions where the king’s—her father’s, she thought bitterly—wine casks flowed. The terrifying dizziness of their distance away stole the remaining warmth from out of her clothes and breast, and she squeezed her eyes shut until the tears stopped.
For interminable seconds her feet scraped against the barren rocks, finding only the tiniest fraction of space where the mortar filled between each slab. Each toe that slipped out of each small depression on the tower face was an icy push against her confidence, a small terror that hunched her shoulders as if a physical presence were about to assault her. Her fingers ached around the slim rope, clenching to such a slender line, a line that couldn’t hold, she thought.
And her feet found the ledge of the window below. She opened her eyes. But her fingers wouldn’t open. She felt them gripping the narrow thread of the rope that was her only tie to the world, the only thing that kept her from the oblivion such a fall would create. She strained to get her fingers to open, but the narrow thread was stuck in her grip. She bit off a wail to think that the Schill would lower her past the window, that she’d be hanging there when the sun rose, that her uncle would leave her there for the crows and other birds to pick over while his laughter floated to her distraught ears. She lifted a leg, found the edge of the window and tried to turn herself around to sit on the ledge, but she spun crazily. Her fear was renewed as the dark clouds whirled in the darkness of the sky. Whimpering and staring up the rope, she prayed the Schill would come down and guide her into the window. The eaves of the tower swirled overhead and it felt like her stomach was coming up. The spinning slowed and she gazed upward again. The rope twisted over the sill above and disappeared from view. Nothing stirred and she felt as if some joke had been played on her, that she’d been left to drift about in the breeze until the line broke, that the Schill had tied the other end of the rope off and had gone to laugh and drink about it with her uncle. Would such be the Schill’s price for his freedom?
But the window was still there in front of her, a gaping open space. The ledge was there at her knees. She could put a knee up onto the sill. Trying to keep herself from another dizzying spin she put her weight on the knee, willing her body forward and into the window’s frame. The rope slackened the smallest bit and she hung for a moment between falling onto the ledge and falling backwards into open air. She slumped forward and felt the hardness of the stone press against her knee, a painful banging as she tried to keep from spinning. She spun. For a long second, the princess dangled just over the broad window sill one leg twisting to keep a tentative contact with the frame until the Schill paid out more line. Now a hip rested on the ledge, and a shoulder, and her hair brushed the crumbled dust and stone that coated the window sill. More slack rope fell upon her knees and her booted feet as they hung out the window. The solidity of the stones beneath her weren’t the assurance she hoped for and it was a while before she finally released the line and tried to pull herself as far into the window as possible.
She tried to untie the rope from around where it had slid up under her armpits, aware of how much pain she felt in her upper body from the brutality of her own dead weight and the hardened fist of the knot itself. The knot was tight and her fingers still shook, and it wouldn’t come undone. She wrapped the line several times around the hinges of one of the shutters, gripped the line again, and put her weight on what was left of the line. She improvised a signal for the Schill to let him know that he could proceed:  three solid pulls before letting it go slack again. Before her eyes, the line tightened and strained against the hinges. She could feel the tenseness of the line in her hands under her body.
The hinges creaked and bits of stone slid from where the nails had been pounded into the rocky wall. The hinges bent toward each other; the wood of the shutter threatened to split. She could feel the weight of the Schill coming down the line and fretted that the hinges would snap, that the rusted iron would give way and shower red flakes on them as they fell. Or the wood would split completely and the half-elf would fall past the window, dragging her behind him out into the air again with splinters of wood raining down behind them.
But the shutters and the hinges held, and in an amount of time that seemed much shorter than the length of time the princess had spent dangling in the air, the Schill was at the window and crawling onto the remaining space of the ledge. He flopped onto his back and took a deep breath.
“We have to go down one more level to be sure we are past the guards. Do you think you’d be able to climb this time?  It would be much easier on my hands and probably less frightening for you.”  He released the end of the rope that he held and grabbed the slack that now hung from where it wrapped around the shutters. He began to pull in the excess line down to himself, watching the length he’d climbed down rise up to snake from around the frame of the cot and fall back to him.
“I…I can’t.”
“But you already have. You’ve survived the first part and the second should be easier.”
“Can’t we check the door and see if there are still guards?
“I will go and listen, but if I hear anything other than them snoring in drunkenness, it’s the window and down another flight. We have also to consider that the door may be locked.”
The Schill lowered himself into the dim room, noting that the bathing tub the princess had used the day before had been drained, the screen that had been placed across the front to afford her some little degree of privacy was now folded and pushed to a corner, and a large armoire with mirrored doors hung open and empty. He pointed the changes out to the princess. “It doesn’t look as if he planned for your return here any time soon,” he whispered. She sniffed in response.
The Schill paused in front of a mirror and studied his gaunt dark form for the briefest of moments before continuing on. The door was closed and no sound came from the other side. He reached for the knob and felt it loose in his fingers. It turned. He pulled the door into the room the tiniest crack and watched the open space of the guard barrack on the other side. Only a table and a few cots scattered around a cold fireplace. The guards had foregone even staying in the tower for the night. He went back to the window and whispered for her to lower herself down. She eased over the edge of the sill into the room and started down, but ran out of rope before she could reach the floor. The line was still tangled in the hinges of the shutters and the knot around her chest was still tight, too tight to undo. She struggled in her helplessness.
The Schill dashed across the open space to the guards’ quarters and returned with a bread knife. In moments, the rope was cut and the princess fell for the short drop to the floor, steadied by the half-elf. She regained her balance and probed the welts that were rising where the rope had been cutting into her back. The places were tender beneath her fingers and reminded her of the horrid drop she’d have made, but for those welts.
“We go down, now, Princess. Stay behind me and as close to the wall as you can. We must be prepared to retreat up a level and find an empty room if anybody approaches. And hope they don’t go to the top. I don’t see how we would escape if our absence were noted too soon. Once we’re free of the tower altogether, we can depend on our clothes to move without arousing suspicion, but here we are still in danger of discovery.”
She nodded and gestured for him to lead on.
The tower was deserted. From the courtyard below, the revels of merrymakers could still be heard occasionally, but none ventured into the spiraling tower. The long descent down the circling stairs was made longer still by the Schill’s caution. He stopped at every landing and listened for the sounds of approaching guards or the restlessness of anybody sleeping on these lower levels. At the second floor, he suggested that they use a back window and escape on the rooftops of the stables, and smithies and cottages. Voices and singing still came from the courtyard, some from just beyond the opened doorways of the ground level. Likely as far as the guards of the tower were permitted to venture, the Schill concluded. He didn’t pity them the hangover Marwaer would abuse when they woke to find their charges gone. If they even had until morning. Who could guess what entertainments Marwaer might think of when he’d had enough to drink.
“Will we never reach the ground level?” the princess asked, her despair barely hidden behind her forced laugh, her low voice tainted with fear that at this last moment they would be discovered.
“Soon enough, Princess. We’re nearly done and you’ll have some rest. For now though we need to continue on.”
She was happy to note that on the lower levels of the tower, the windows were more aligned with a person’s height to afford some view. The second floor was as deserted as the rest of the building and they soon found a window they could climb through that allowed them to step directly to the rooftops. He helped her with her footing and they crept along until The Schill found what he sought:  an opening in the roof of a stable. They slipped inside, greeted by the smell of horses and hay, the flicking of tails, the stamping of hoofs, the unsteady blowing of animals surprised in their sleep. He spoke soothing words in the elfin tongue and the horses grew content and quiet again.
“What were you saying to them?”
“It was an old poem my father taught to me. It means nothing to the horses, but the tone assumed for the telling has ever been useful in calming those beasts that have it within themselves to be calm. It would not work with an animal disinclined to peace.”
“I should know it some day.”
“Perhaps once we’ve gone from these walls, we’ll find the time for teaching. I’m sure of it although there are other things that I would teach you first, but before even that begins, we’ll need to be gone from this keep. With so many people split in their loyalties, it will be hard to tell friend from foe. I have some friends who would offer us help, but we’ll need to show care not to give them away. Their involvement could be costly if they were found giving us aid. We’ll take as little as we can, so that none would be blamed, except us. What more could your uncle do to us if we are caught?”
He smirked, but the princess refused to recognize the humor of the statement. The gall of the man, her uncle, to reduce her to captivity, to allow rough hands to take away her finery, to force her to flee from her homeland where she should rule in only a very few short years. These thoughts so upset her that the Schill seemed leery of the expression on her face. She even held the terror of hanging above the courtyard against her uncle. And in some small measure, against the Schill. The fear was completely gone, replaced with a sudden anger. The Schill hoped her new-found freedom wasn’t inspiring her to open confrontation with her uncle. The evening would have been a wasted effort. Instead, she suggested that they take from among the best of her uncle’s horses and make their escape through one of the keep’s lesser gates in the earliest part of the morning when hunters were taking to the woods. It was a command wrapped in the cloak of a suggestion, the Schill was surprised to note. There was more hope for the girl than he’d originally seen. And the ascent from the tower was surprisingly smoother than he’d anticipated. Still, there was much for her to learn.
“Such horses would be recognized as war horses. The Glintill are hardly fit for hunters. No. We need only some pair of nags that would be fitting for a pair of poor bowmen.”
“Still, I should like to leave some sting for my uncle.”
“Then make your sting your return when you are of age, and claim your lawful right to the throne. That, if you still have a throne to return to.”
“What do you mean?” she snapped.
“I meant that your uncle may not be a king here for very long regardless of what we’ve done. An army comes this way that will not be thwarted by the size of this keep or your uncle’s boasts. And we were best away before they get here.”

Chapter 19: The Tale of Talis the Brave

The day was waning and still the defenses were being made. The first scouts had returned; the goblins were coming. Nearly all of Dullgled marched down the winding course of the Silwing to cross into Fridia where the water slowed and ran shallow. This of course was not news, but the report of the scouts aroused more alarm. It seemed the threat they’d felt the last two weeks was finally reaching its fruition. Weapons were gripped tighter, heartbeats increased, and eyes turned to the cool waters from the north, wonder that the Silwing could bring them poor tidings.
The ford was less than half a league above Mirimah; they looked to come straight into the heart of the elves’ realm. They came not alone, but groups of trolls were joining their ranks, and the strange black shields of men were seen among their numbers. The shields were bordered with blood red markings and featured a serpent of sorts in the middle, with talons that gripped a ring of gold. Only a small group of men with these shields accompanied the large host, but the goblins and the trolls were all deferential to them and gave them wide passage whenever they met. The army didn’t venture into the Pastiloch, where the drier eastern paths skirting the swamps would have made their journey easier. Instead they came through the wood, tearing up the trees in their path, burning some and carrying others. They certainly come with destruction in mind, the murmurs arose.
Halisill was taken aback at this news. There had been no indication at the Cur that the trolls also marched. And goblins cared nothing for trees, usually burning the black powdery rock they dug out of their caves for fuel. The elves didn’t have walls, so it hardly made sense for the goblins to carry the logs to use as battering rams. According to the scouts, they carried these trees whole, trimming away only the largest and most troublesome of branches. Bridges, perhaps, the old elf thought. But why, he wondered, if they were making for the ford, a place shallow enough that the goblins wouldn’t fear to cross. Because they will turn before the ford, he realized. He wished, not for the first time, that he’d waited another day at the Cur to possibly learn their plan, but he could discern nothing of a strategy arising out of their harsh, guttural speech. He had no understanding of the speech of the men accompanying them.
“Call all in that I may speak,” Halisill spoke to the elves closest around him. “Let the trees tell them to gather in the north at the Plantrill Ford. There is much I should say, and we have more to plan than we expected. Tell all to make haste.”
Halisill worried that perhaps the goblins would not be as predictable as they had been in the past. But of course, the goblins only did the bidding of those strange men now, and those men could not be depended on to do what the goblins advised. That could only lead to folly, and the Ouros didn’t seem prone to such if the words about them on the wind were to be respected. These men would be formidable indeed if they came in strength to the south for the crown. Halisill felt a twinge of relief that the men had turned most of their will and effort toward the Thesilins, and a twinge of guilt that he was happy Thesilia’s woes were not the elves’. Still, they were coming with enemies old and cruel.
Melisill was among the first to arrive at the ford, his expression curious. He’d taken on a great deal of responsibility and was looked to as second only to Halisill in arranging the defenses of Fridia along the river. The songs of brave Lapisill were rekindled; his resemblance to his father noted, his stoutness and sturdiness remarked upon, his will respected. He’d been upstream already, his group searching for downed cedar trees and the straight grained wood that would become the shafts of their arrows. Those surviving trees offered the wood without reproach for they knew the terror that could follow. Already Melisill had fletchers turning arrows out by the score while other brought in still more wood. “Have they come already?” he asked when Halisill approached.
“They are still some days away. I don’t believe they are making for the ford here. We’ve been preparing for them to come across in this place, but I believe they will cross sooner, further upstream. The goblins no doubt have told these men that lead them where this crossing is, and the men have rejected such an obvious place to cross. They tear up trees and carry them south.”
“You think they would try to cross on these trees?”
“I do. And on the narrowest part of the river.”
“Culuchial’s Falls?”
“Culuchial’s Falls.”
They looked northward to where the river bent away to the west. Beyond the bend was the last of the rapids and a short, brutal falls that the Silwing fell through before the water grew calm and flowed its lazy path along the woods of the elves. Culuchial’s Falls, so named for a lover who’d thrown himself into the flood when his beloved was accidentally swept away, rushed and roared, throwing an ever present spray out over the river. It was far from ideal for the goblins, but they didn’t seem to be the ones giving orders.
“We would be spread thin to cover so much of the bank,” Halisill thought aloud. “I think we need to concentrate on only a few places. I would have half our force near the falls. We can take advantage of the bottleneck if they try to come across there. If they get through there, they’ll have free roam of all Fridia and we’ll have to retreat that much sooner. The other half will split between the ford and Mirimah in case some continue south.”
“Would you have me with those that go north?”
“I would, and most of those with you would be archers. String the paths away from the falls so if they do cross, they’ll be slowed and you can recover. If they make it across, sound the horns in blasts of three and we’ll brace for it. If that happens, you take your force east. Keep them from going too far inland. If we can keep them near the river, we may be able to contain them. For a time at least. I fear before the end that we will be pressed to flight. Make that flight easy.”
Halisill turned to address the assembled crowd of elves, all worn by a steady week of preparations. He regretted that he would have to ask more of them instead of offering them the rest that they needed. He explained the need to make additional preparations further upstream. The faces that stared were grim and determined despite the added work their strategy required. He went on to suggest that Melisill would lead the force in the north when the time came if there were no objections. There weren’t, and he was about to suggest a night of rest and a fresh start in the morning when a runner splashed across the ford.
“The goblins have taken to the Pastiloch,” the elf panted between gasps. “A group of them moves south through the swamp trails.”
“How many and how far?”
“About five score, maybe six. They move quicker than the main body. Still three days away at least though.”
“Were there any of the strange foreigners with them, any of these men from the northeast?”
“None, but Gristlelip leads them.”
Halisill had long thought the old leader of the goblins dead, but even goblins could still throw a surprise or two at him now and again. Gristlelip was nearly as old as Halisill, an impressive feat among the goblins and their brutish ways. Their leaders rarely survived for long, such was their envy of power in the hands of others. But Gristlelip had ever been among the most brutish and dangerous. Halisill wondered that his old rival still marched, still came southward after so many forays that had been turned back, after so many years of silence. “A diversion,” he thought aloud. “They would have us looking to the south, to the crossing while they bring most of their force into our lands in the north.”
“Would you have us meet them at the edge of the western wood and leave their bodies for the creatures of the swamp?”
“No. Let them think we are diverted. We’ll make a show of strength here. Their small number wouldn’t dare do more than feint at us and we’ll do no more than feint back while our larger numbers engage them in the north.”
“To the north then,” Melisill put up a general shout.
“In the morning. We have time and many would do better with a decent night of rest. Let us return to our bowers near the Mirimah and we’ll return refreshed with the first light.”
The elves marched in columns to the clearing around the Mirimah. Many climbed to their beds among the branches of the surrounding trees while some few others huddled around fires to chew nuts and share a sac of honeyed wine. Melisill among them seemed too excited to sleep. He urged Halisill to share one of the stories of old, a tale that none of the others around him had heard before. Halisill met the eyes of the group around the fire and was surprised to see that all were fairly young, much too young to have ever been in the battles of his youth. This was the future of Fridia, he thought. Melisill’s generation would inherit this land when the elders died away. He hoped there would be something left to inherit.
They urged him on, their open faces frank and friendly, youthful and excited. He drank a share from the sac and settled cross-legged at the edge of the fire. The bright eyes of Melisill’s companions turned to him expectantly, their voices reduced to whispers as they waited his words. There was weariness there, but also an unspoken urging for a tale. Perhaps elsewhere in Fridia the old tales were falling aside, the elders content to hear newer, gentler tales and songs of peace. Halisill did not envy them their newer songs, but regretted the loss of the older tunes. When all was settled and quiet, the youth of Fridia gathered around with their breathing stilled, he began.
“When I was younger than any of you, my father shared a story that he’d learned from his father, and so on, back to nearly four thousand years. It is the story of one of the first elf battles against the goblins, when Dullgled was still a green place, as green as Fridia. The goblins then were not as hideous as they are now. Nay, they were almost as beautiful as any elf, and they had not been corrupted by things shiny. It is the tale, a chant, of Talis and the Four Dauntless.”  He paused to see the effect of these words on his audience, to see if there was any recognition of the title. None stirred. He began:

Amid the trees of NeeLochLin, 
Beside the river of the Golden Foam;
Talis the Brave of the Sirrician Clan
Roamed with his four brothers;
The Four Dauntless they were called.
They feared not the dragons of the air;
Nor the beasts of the fields;
Nor the spirits in the mists;
Nor the demons beneath the soil.
Such was their courage that kings
Called on them to avenge wrongs;
To rescue their damsels;
To protect their people;
To liberate their kingdoms
When they were in thrall.
But they never called on them to live among them.
Talis, in his youth, fell in love;
He, younger than the Four Dauntless,
Had not felt so often the sting of rejection.
Missa Frail was her name, of the Gobalain Clan
A king’s daughter of charming beauty
She returned his love and thwarted another’s
Her rejected suitor swore his vengeance
And pursued Talis across the Golden Foam
To within the NeeLochLin
Where Talis never felt of weakness
And there the suitor fell to Talis’s blade.
When the king of the Gobalain Clan heard
That his preferred suitor had fallen
He too swore out his vengeance
That all within the NeeLochLin should perish.
He summoned the dragons and the beasts
And the spirits in the mists
And the demons from beneath the soil
And they destroyed NeeLochLin
The dragons burned the trees
The beasts tore up the fields
The spirits gripped the living things with icy fingers
The demons drove despair into their hearts.
But for Talis and the Four Dauntless 
All of NeeLochLin lay in ruin
The youngest of the four faced the dragons
His sword flashed and reflected the fire of the great serpents
He hewed and slashed and sliced into the mighty wings
He suffered burns and the tearing of the serpent talons
But battled on; 
And the dragons fell, crashing to the earth.
And he fell among them, his wounds too great.
The next brother faced the beasts
With a mighty bow, he sent arrows to their hearts
Many of the wild animals that lived before they leapt
Died before they returned to the earth
He suffered the slashes of claws and the biting of long teeth
But battled on;
And the beasts fell, sliding to the earth
And he fell among them, his wounds too great.
The third brother faced the spirits
With his bare hands he grappled with the mists
He held the icy fingers in his iron grip
Until the spirits lost their will
He suffered the cold of the dead and frozen grip of eons
But battled on
And the spirits fell, returning to their tombs
And he fell among them, his wounds too great.
The oldest brother faced the demons
With a staff and a sword he drove them back to their inferno
His heavy boots trampled all that fell back into the dust
He suffered the attacks upon his soul and the shadows on his heart
But battled on
And the demons fell, sinking into the earth
And he fell among them, his wounds too great.
Talis was left alone in this wasteland
The king’s army marched against what was left of NeeLochLin
And found Talis alone beside the graves of his brothers
“Now we shall bring an end to this”
The king had come to see the last of the Sirrician Clan fall
But Talis stood at the sight of the king’s horde
And with a cry that carried all his brothers’ voices
Fell upon them
His sword cut a path through their ranks
He became one with the wind
Nowhere could they turn to pierce him with a blade
That he was not already gone and slashing elsewhere
He was invincible, the spirits of the four sustaining him
And he gained their strength
His sword descended upon helmets, clove bodies, hacked limbs
Those soldiers of the king not already cut down fled
But he was the quicker and killed them all to the last man
Save the king.
His wrath subsiding, he threw the king from his horse
And cried at the last for his brothers and those he’d slain
“You will live here from this day forth,” he said
“And your house will scrape this barren land that you have made,
And it shall be called ‘Dullgled’ which means forsaken.”
The king wept that he’d been so reduced and begged mercy
And offered the hand of Missa to Talis
But Talis refused and the Gobalain Clan 
Was made to live in that ruined land
Talis tore down the king’s castle, determined that never again
Would so many fall for the will of one man.

Halisill finished his tale and was surprised to see tears trickling from the eyes of some of the younger elves. They cried aloud about the death of the land that came to be known as Dullgled and the loss of their four brave ancestors. Halisill hoped that these young, so inexperienced with battle would take heart from the tale of brave Talis. And he hoped they would live to remember the tale and to tell it to their own young when they came of age and had families. He realized that too many of the old songs and tales had been forgotten and again felt the pangs of regret that they’d withdrawn from the world for so long. So many of the hopeful faces, inspired by the tale of bravery, growing stout at heart, and more determined than ever, would not live out all of their years, would never journey beyond Fridia’s borders, would never have contact with another race until they were engaged in the coming struggle.
He stood and went from elf to elf around their circle at the campfire, giving reassurances and the comfort of his touch on their backs. He was gladdened to see that so many of the older elves had also come, also heard though they’d kept to the shadows. Of what other memories of past deeds had the tale reminded these older ones, he wondered. They long sad faces reflected those distant tales, bittersweet victories, triumphs tempered with loss. He bade them a good night and suggested that they seek out their own beds because he didn’t know when he’d be able to promise them another full night of sleep.

Chapter 20: Going Down the Mountain

The armor was heavier than he remembered, but he had to consider that he’d been adding new rings to it, improving the protection it would provide him. And the years had crept past since last it was needed. He considered leaving it behind; the Westfields had enjoyed peace for several years now. But the elfin elders had spoken of trolls again moving through the land, going south toward some battle that involved the woodlands elves of Fridia and the goblins. Their elfin cousins to the south were preparing for this confrontation, and had yet to call for help. The mountain elves could do nothing for them without leaving their own lands open to troll invasions even if that call should come. Ever had the trolls waited for just such an opportunity to come despite the prolonged peace. The armor jingled faintly beneath the dark, heavy cloak he wore. The elves seemed satisfied that he was so well protected.
The sword hanging on his hip had been one of faithful service, its edge notched so many times that the blade resembled nothing so much as a range of mountains instead of the long straight gleam of iron that it had begun its life as. But these teeth that had been cut into the blade had been sharpened until each bit fiercer than any slash could deliver. Opposite the sword was a long dagger of silvered criche, hard as dragon’s teeth and sharper. It was one of the few possessions that remained to him that had come down from his father, the little wealth his father took with him when he fled for his life so many years ago. The flat expanse of the skinning blade hung next to the dagger. The bow over his shoulder was the finest the elves had to offer, crafted of ebony and yew. It was a rare prize, composed of woods they’d gained through trade with the sea elves, a clan seldom seen in these days of peace. And who knew how they had acquired it. The quiver was filled with arrows made from ash and ebony with silvered heads and the finest fletching of goshawk feathers.
“To keep your enemies that much farther off,” Lis’huas proclaimed and nocked an arrow. The old elf pulled the string back to his cheek and without more than a second of aim, launched the shaft at a distant pine tree. The arrow quivered where it stuck into the scaly bark. Kamafial counted nearly a hundred strides to reach the tree, and once there found that the point was lodged in a small notch, stuck so fast within the wood he needed to cut it away from the clinging wood.
“Are we marching to war?” Damantan asked, his eyes wide.
“In the Westfields you always prepare for war.”  Kamafial sounded grim, but his eyes showed amusement. “And you are that much more relieved when you find peace at the end of a long day. The trolls will not likely bother us, but not likely isn’t a perfect guarantee that we’ll avoid trouble. And yet, your people have had peace with them for what the trolls may perceive as long enough. Their memories do not stretch so far back; little more than their last meal from what I remember of the few trolls I’ve known. Let us hope that the battles they march toward with your southern cousins will be distraction enough that they’ll not bother about the two of us. We’ll travel as inconspicuously as we can.”
“I would suggest that you keep your longer cloak on at all times, and keep your armor between the cloak and your skin.”  Lis’huas examined the tight overlap of rings, amazement registering on his face that such small links were still flexible. He nodded when he recognized some of the lacings and joints that Kamafial had traded for, and was clearly impressed at how all the separate pieces had come together, front, back, and sleeves. He’d been one of those who’d seen the armor Kamafial had worn the last time he returned from the Westfields, the rent made by an ogre’s axe, the cracked and splitting links where the half-elf had taken a mace blow on his shoulder. “The repairs you’ve made are among the finest I’ve seen; armor such as this would prompt attacks from the trolls if you were to wear it openly across their lands. They don’t suffer those that would be warriors to simply wander across what they consider theirs.”
Kamafial was aware of this, but saw no point in reminding the elder elf. What silent resentments would the others around him harbor if he reminded all of them that he was the one who’d ventured into that dangerous land alone and returned with its scars to show for it. “I’ll keep it covered,” he acquiesced. “But what of my young companion?  In what manner of dress will he be crossing those plains, and how would you have him appear to the men of Thesilia?”
“His armor is being prepared and will be ready on the morrow when you are ready to depart. He too will have a coat of arms that would inspire battle among enemies, but that also must be kept hidden until you find yourselves among allies. I will go now to ensure that it is ready, and that the packs for your journey will be provisioned enough for the many days of walking ahead of you without being too much burden. You shall have the company of our stoutest and most experienced fighters until you reach our borders. Until morning, then.”  He grasped Kamafial’s hand firmly and looked into his eyes.
Kamafial gazed at his younger companion. Damantan looked troubled as he fidgeted with the clasp on the long cloak he wore. He had two long curved daggers in sleeve sheaths on each forearm, but the long cape of his cloak would likely get in his way if he had need of them in a hurry. He kept adjusting the clasp, sliding it over one shoulder and then the other in an effort to make it easy to pull the daggers if he needed them. Frustrated, he set the clasp back in the middle of his breast, just below his chin, and began to experiment with the sheaths. He slid them around on his forearms but was unable to find a comfortable place that was still easy to pull the daggers from. He sighed and sat in one of the drifts that piled against the wall of Kamafial’s cottage, oblivious to his companion’s amusement.
“Do you really think we’ll need such protection,” he asked.
Kamafial shrugged. “It is as the Kilmarak used to say:  If you sharpen your axes every day, they’ll never be dull when you need them.”
Damantan’s face twisted into a frown as he thought about the words. “Is that supposed to suggest something about readiness?  It sounds like common sense to me. And it seems to me that if you sharpen your axe everyday, you’ll wear it down to nothing in no time.”
“The Kilmarak were not especially known for their way with words.”
“What were they known for?”
“Battle. War. Bloodlust. Conflict. They were one of the most aggressive folk to roam the northlands. More so than the trolls if you can imagine. They fought everybody:  trolls, ogres, dwarfs, and even other men, as often for sport as for what they felt were justified causes. To them, the slightest insult was worthy of bearing arms and slashing into their enemies. There seemed to be no limit to the reasons they would wage their wars. If ever a race engaged in battle for the sheer love of bloodletting, it was them.”
“What happened to them?”
“They picked a fight with the wrong combination of foes and were driven to the deep north where they starved and froze. Trolls and ogres set aside their differences and allied against the Kilmarak. They pushed them through the White Gates between the pinnacles of the Ivorbank and the Indorbank and kept the pass closed against the Kilmarak’s return.”
“That was what they earned keeping their axes sharp?”
“Apparently.”
“Good story.”  Damantan’s sarcasm pulled a laugh from his friend.
“Good enough for a journey through the lands of the trolls. If we meet any that wish to be entertained, you can recount the tale for them. They have oh so short memories and may not know of their distant victory. You would be an education to them. Maybe you’ll make a friend or two.”
They laughed at their jests, but the laughter was uncomfortable. Kamafial had no doubt he could take care of himself as he’d done the years he’d wandered before settling with his mother’s kin. He knew he could depend on Keef to protect him. The dog’s greater senses would warn him of dangers he couldn’t detect himself. Keef would also throw himself into any battle in which Kamafial was engaged. But he almost regretted that the elves were insistent that his young friend accompany him. Damantan had no experience, had never been tested, scarcely knew how to properly arm himself. He seemed very quick with his knives, but the game of slashes was played on a cloth field, not the hard resistance of armor, and the cloth did not strike back.
Damantan was uneasy at how Kamafial could show such disregard for violence as if it was expected, or even welcomed. The stories of death and battle could be rousing good tales around a fire on a cool evening while staring up into the rafters, but were much less so when you had to imagine yourself on those battlefields trying not to add your own blood to what was already spilled. Damantan didn’t fear death, but he knew that he certainly wasn’t ready to invite it into his life, to come to know it as Kamafial did. He watched his friend stretch, testing the limits of his armor.
“How much protection can armor really provide for us?”
“Good armor, such as what I wear and what I expect you’ll be receiving in the morning will turn most blades and shafts. You’ll be safe enough from a distance. The worry is if we are attacked in close. Even if the armor turns the blade, you’ll still have the bruises such strokes will make. This does not speak of the hurt you’ll feel if struck by a mace or hammer that is made not to cut, but to smash. Decidedly, we’ll be best off if we never have our armor tested.”
Damantan didn’t appear any more relieved, but Kamafial smiled and offered a hand to the young elf. “I don’t think we’ll have to worry about it. We’ll avoid the major paths and travel at night if we needs must. The biggest threat to our lives will probably come from crossing the rivers and streams weighted down with all of our gear.”  His smile offered some comfort. The elf took the proffered hand and came to his feet.
“Do you stay the night here?” he asked. “You’d be welcome in the home of my family where the fires are already lit and a good meal will grace tonight’s table. My mother would cook a goose.”
“I’ll come in the morning. I’ve a few things I would do before we leave.”
“Perhaps later this evening?  I know your fondness for cold goose!”
“If I finish soon enough.”  Kamafial had a few more stitches he would put into the armor to strengthen its seams, but knew he wouldn’t go into the elves’ halls this night. He’d spend this night in his own bed after the last few nights spent sleeping where he fell during his neighbors’ winter feast. He would also assemble a smaller pack of trail rations that he would keep inside his clothes. Too often had he been separated from his pack and supplies in the past, shedding the weight to defend himself and losing track of it once the melee had begun, or finding it stolen when he returned. He hoped that like the armor, it would turn out to be an unnecessary precaution, but knew enough not to completely trust to the thinning peace between the trolls and elves. Damantan’s despondence, he decided, might be deserved.
He wished his friend a fare evening as the elf departed. Once within the cabin, he gave his familiar low whistle and the snow-dog trotted over the threshold. Keef had enjoyed more attention in the last few days than he’d ever had before in all of his short life. The dog sniffed at the fireplace and turned to stare at him. 
“We’ll have a fire tonight. No worries.”  Kamafial scratched the dog’s ears and started to stack wood in the fireplace. The cabin had grown cold and he considered that perhaps he was being too cautious. The likelihood of conflict seemed remote, especially after nearly thirty years of relative quiet in the lands just beyond the elfin borders. But how much farther beyond those borders was he really expected to go?  They’d suggested possibly as far as the Sevenfolds, a land much thicker with trolls and the beginning of ogre country. Granted the ogres tended to stay in the north near their own mountains, but the coming winter may have pushed some to seek better climes further south. Was the peace stretched that far?  He wondered about the ones he was to meet; in what manner were they arrayed to journey through the wild country of the Sevenfolds, where neither the trolls nor the ogres built more than small towns ruled by petty chiefs. There were still likely to be some of the smaller bands that wandered and plundered if the chance arose and there was no resistance. There were too many things he didn’t know. He resolved to finish his stitching, put together a pack of emergency supplies, and fill his quiver with as many extra arrows as he could find.
He scratched the dog’s head again and built up his fire. A final cup of kamala leaf tea would prepare him for the warm sleep he anticipated would be his last for a long while. A final check of his pack and the armor proved that he’d left nothing unprepared, but he refused to believe that there wasn’t some other preparation to be made. Finally resigned that all was ready, he threw some final branches on the fire and turned toward his pallet. The thought of the coming journey swam constantly into his mind as he settled beneath the coverlet. Keef climbed over his feet and dropped his head. Warmed from his toes upward, he surrendered to dream-filled sleep. His night visions were of trolls and men and of battle that followed both.
The morning dawned cold with air so clear the distances seem much shorter than they were. Kamafial could count all of the smaller peaks on the mountains through the top panes of his windows. The frost had melted and dripped leaving vertical lines on the edges of the panes. The fire was reduced to crumbling ashes and a thin line of smoke being sucked up through the flue. He’d be leaving the snug warmth of his cabin, where he’d slept all but the last few nights for more than thirty years. Keef picked his head up briefly at the disturbance of his master’s stirring the embers, but put it down again and closed his eyes.
The armor hung in a corner; the few last minute leather lacings had dried tight in the warmth of the fire. Kamafial washed and slipped back into his tunic before sliding into the coat of metallic rings and its long sleeves. The weight was reassuring on his back. He slipped out of the armor again and finished with his packing and assembling, tucking his cup and the last of his tea into a side pocket. He tied the food pouch around his neck with a long strand of leather and slipped another long cord inside his shirt with a short knife in its sheath dangling at the end. Next came a woolen shirt. Over this came a thin leather jerkin, cut away at the sleeves for easier movement. Last came the mail shirt, a comfortable snug fit. He made a final shift of the knife under his shirt and tied everything together tight.
“Would I pass a king’s inspection?” he asked the dog and laughed. Keef lifted his head from his paws, tilted it to the side, and let it fall back to the softness of the blankets and pallet. His eyes stayed open and he watched Kamafial lift his various weapons from their places on the walls and strap or drape them on himself, and conclude his preparations by draping the long cloak over his shoulders. He looked reluctant to leave the warmth of the bed.
The half-elf whistled and the dog stared for long moments before abandoning the pallet for the cold of the open front door. Together they descended the mountain to the halls of the elves and found a cluster of elfin archers on the leeward side of the last cottage. Lis’huas was making some final adjustments to the armor on Damantan’s back.
Kamafial examined the coat closely. The small rings were black as jet and polished to a gleaming shine that reflected the bright morning sun. The hem of the coat came down to mid-thigh and the sleeves ended just below the wrists. It looked heavy, but the elf didn’t appear to be hindered at all by the weight. Leather gauntlets covered his hands. His leather boots were the soft hide of mountain antelope and climbed nearly to his knees. Over it all was fitted a dark elfin cloak of wool dyed in myriad earth colors that would be hard to discern from the rough country they would be passing through. Except for a look of dismay, he looked the part of a traveling ambassador.
Lis’huas finished the adjustments and stood back to view the young traveler. “You know what needs to be said to these humans when you meet with them. Let them know their troubles will be ours if we can offer assistance. They should see for themselves however that the trolls are moving and our priority will be the protection of our own lands first.”
The young elf nodded and shouldered his pack. Another pack was presented to Kamafial and he slung it over the shoulder opposite his bow and quivers.
“We go then?”
Lis’huas said, “These among our best archers will accompany you to the borders of our lands. Before you go, I would present you with this.”  He held out a hollowed horn on a leather thong. “Should you encounter troubles that overwhelm you, blow upon this and we’ll come with all haste. Those of us who can will listen for the sound on the wind. Skies look over you!”
Kamafial slung the horn over his neck without a word. No doubt the elves would hear it. From mouthpiece to bell it spanned almost as wide as his shoulders. But how soon would they be able to respond, and how soon could they arrive if he and Damantan found trouble in the middle of the Westfields?  It gave little assurance and became only one more piece to weigh them down. Any trouble they found they would need to see from afar just so they could have time to shed some of the baggage they carried, he mused.
They clasped hands by way of goodbye and set out, their pace quick over the tumbling downward paths. Kamafial had counted some dozen archers with them when they departed the eldest of the mountain Elves, but soon found that their single file was reduced to himself, Damantan and only three Elves before them and three behind. Closer inspection revealed that the others had fanned themselves out, taking separate paths down the mountain, their eyes seeing more of the trail in front of them. 
By the evening they had reached the last long slope down from the mountains and stood at the precipice looking at the lengthy descent left to them. The snow below them was thinning and showing only in patches in the shaded hollows. Below were the downs, long sweeping hills of grass. The hills were strewn with boulders and other debris from ancient glaciers that pushed and fell out of the mountains. Several leagues further, just beyond the edge of sight, was the debris field, the last line of stones and cut rock pushed to the extremity of the glacier’s progress. The long rugged line marked the end of the elves’ land and the beginning of the Westfields. Kamafial counted three days before they would push beyond that mark; three more warm nights before they’d have to start to make cold camps. 
They retreated from the edge of the slope and found a sheltered hollow to build their fire in. They ate from the stores of the archers, a good meal of roasted mutton, goat’s milk cheeses, and a thick wine, spiced to bring warmth more than intoxication. The archers sang quiet, sad songs to themselves as they watched in pairs, each pair matching their words in perfect harmony. Kamafial listened until his lids started to droop. He looked at Damantan, but the elf was already curled within his cloak against the big snow-dog. It seemed he’d been listening for a long while and noticed each time he opened his eyes that the elves missing from around the fire were different.
“You have but to sleep and conserve your strength,” he heard once when his eyes opened. “While we accompany you, you’ll not be troubled or expected to stand a watch. Sleep, Li’mi’ik.”  There could be no better assurance given by an elf. He closed his eyes again and slept until morning.
Snow was falling when he awoke, but the fire still blazed and the elves busied themselves with a morning meal of simple road fare. They ate standing around the fire, everybody eager to continue the journey, everybody except Damantan. Kamafial noticed the tired look in his companion’s eyes and made a point of speaking with him when they stopped next and he could have a few words with him alone. The other elves appeared fresh and tireless despite the hours of the night spent in vigilant watchfulness.
Travel was slowed by the heavy dusting of snow where it accumulated in the hollows and spaces between boulders. Burdened as they were their boots sank that much easier in the fresh powder. The archers seemed to glide over or around the deeper spots and showed not the least impatience that the two travelers needed the extra time. It was suggested that they spread more evenly the loads of the two and soon they continued to make good time and reached the bottom of the slope just as the sun slipped into the shadows of the mountains behind them.
Kamafial noted in their passing that the trees on these lower slopes were still clad in golden and russet leaves. Tufts of green grasses and the shininess of holly stood out, and he knew that the dying season of fall kept its brief sway down at the lower elevations. It had been all too brief up on the higher slopes and its passing was marked by the elves’ winter feast. But here, the air was warmer without the cold winds of the high passes pressing on them. He considered shedding the cloak, but the elves reminded him that the beautiful armor would dazzle stronger than the snow. If any eyes looked up from the Westfields, his armor would be observed. And in their elfin way, they told him almost to the minute when the weather would turn, and then he’d be grateful for the extra layer.
An hour before sunset a cold wind shook the trees and the leaves started to fall in lazy drifting patterns. He pulled the cloak tighter at his neck and moved closer to Damantan. The young elf smiled.
“You must sleep this night,” Kamafial told his young friend. “If we have cause to worry, that cause is still another two days away. Again, I say, if we have cause to worry.”
The elf’s face grew long.
“Besides, you have the warmest place in camp to sleep next to Keef, and if there were anything to worry about, you’ll be the second in camp to know about it. The snow-dog will hear and smell a troll long before either of us. Keef hasn’t seen a troll before – he’s not but a few seasons older than a pup – but snow-dogs have an instinctive hatred for trolls and there is nothing fiercer than an aroused snow-dog. Sleep when you can. Of all of us in this safe camp, you are the safest.”
After their evening meal, Damantan nodded at the half-elf and settled down around the fire his kin were making. Kamafial heard his snores coming from beneath his earthy cloak that night.

Chapter 21: Hrulen Recht

The stone cottage was green with moss. The windows were dark and reflected none of the starlight that flashed between the banks of clouds. Small gaps showed where the mortar had crumbled or been eaten away by the lichen and the stones had tumbled in small piles against what remained of the walls. The shake roof had a mildewed look to it and sat heavily on the top. Night birds twittered in the thatch that was used to repair holes where the wooden shingles had rotted completely through. But even the thatch was dark with age and had a wet look to it.
The grass in front was long and unkept and grew right up to the crooked remains of the door. A collapsing wood rick leaned next to the entrance. A ploughshare rusted beside a rough stone path leading to a well. A frayed rope dangled from the windlass and swung as if no weight held it taut in the cold night air. The stones of the well were completely roughed with moss as if a furry blanket had been thrown over it. The fields beyond the building were green with weeds, obviously lying fallow for the last few seasons. Mercer watched a few moments longer before leaving the concealment of the bordering wood.
The door fell inward and hung from one leather hinge when he pushed against it. Something scurried across the floor leaving a twitching, twittering kind of sound in its wake. He stepped across the threshold and stood giving his eyes time to adjust to the near total dark of the single room. As the black faded to gray he recognized a table in a corner, one end fallen to the floor and the other supported by two bent beams. On the near wall a fireplace appeared, the grate covered with gritty dust and stones broken from the chimney. A pallet of soggy straw sat opposite the fireplace. Except for the broken table there were no other furnishings.
Mercer tried to pull the table to the middle of the room but found it stuck fast to the hard packed floor. He unslung his pack from his shoulders and let it slump to the hard dirt, relieved that the weight was finally off his back. He gave the heavy wooden beams of the table a few kicks until it budged from its place and he could pull it from the corner. Beneath where it leaned was a mound of grass and straw, the home of whatever had rushed out at his entrance. He kicked the mound and found a mass of dried straw under a rotting top layer; between the straw and the punky wood of the table, he’d be able to get some sort of fire going. He stepped back to the woods for an armload of downed branches and carried it into the cottage. It wouldn’t be enough for the whole night, but at least he’d feel some warmth and could heat a meal.
He assembled his pieces in the middle of the floor and struck his flint until a spark lit among the dried grass and flames began to lick the wood of the table. He fed the fire branches and twigs until it blazed and threw dancing shadows on the cold, moss-seamed walls. The fireplace grate was dirty and dinged by the falling rocks, but it came out easy enough and made a decent rack for the couple of potatoes that Brechen’s wife had placed in his pack and the crock of onion soup that he’d been waiting until the last minute to eat. He hunched next to the fire with a spoon and pulled soup into his mouth when the thick broth started to bubble. He made a face, but continued to slide the soup down his throat. He rolled the potatoes and fed sticks to the fire and started to feel warm. Not since Brechen’s cozy little cabin had there been a restful night that didn’t end with frost or dew chilling him and making for cold miserable mornings. The little shelter available along the edges of the fields was mostly the thicker overhanging boughs of trees that still had some few leaves clinging to their branches. Most of the trees had dropped their foliage and waited with their gnarled roots deep in the ground for winter’s arrival and passage.
The days were going by quickly while the nights seemed interminable. The paths along the edges of the fields had finally seemed to dry as the only thing coming out of the north now was the cold. Winter threatened to begin in earnest each day and the distant mountains looked like cold skeletal bones clouded with ash. The whiteness of the snowy peaks faded to the pall of overcast days and all the lands in between seemed swaddled tight for the coming snows. Even the stubble of the fields seemed wrapped close as it huddled down into the furrows. The stillness of the trees, most of their leaves gone and nothing left to flutter in the cold breeze, made the landscape feel as if it shut in upon itself. Mercer realized how lonely he’d felt the last few days, trudging along early in the morning and in the early dusk, ducking into the woods, careful to avoid contact with others.
For four nights now he’d continued westward, always tensed for flight into the swampy woods that bordered the fields. By day he rested within the collar of the woods. Several times he’d heard groups of horsemen riding along, usually in the late afternoon. The clop of their horses’ hoofs intruded on his waking dreams while he waited for the daylight to flee. Dark lines of men on horses that appeared as tired and despondent as those riding them kept to the roads. These lines of riders grew fewer and fewer as he pushed toward the western border. More alarming were the single riders, men who seemed more intent on searching the country instead of merely riding through under the pretense of looking for the fugitive. 
Three of them, Mercer had counted, each with a different colored cloak of some dyed material that looked like animal skins. One rider wore a red cloak so travel-worn that it appeared almost pink. He was a tall man with long white hair that bounced off his collar as his horse trotted along. Twice Mercer had seen this man haunting the sides of the road, looking to the edges of the fields, and thrice Mercer had dropped himself into the thickest brush to avoid this serious-looking man’s gaze. Another of these solitary horsemen wore a sky-blue cloak with a white border and tall riding boots that came almost to his knees. Mercer couldn’t be sure if he was as tall as the man in red since the horse the blue clad rider rode was one of the largest animals Mercer had ever seen. Tall or short, the man was well above the roadway and looked intently at the distances as if looking for the tell-tale stamping of the field stubble that would mark anyone’s passing. Mercer saw this man once and ducked behind the narrow trees and into the thickets to avoid detection. The third rider appeared the oldest of the three and the most threatening. Three times Mercer had seen the pale horse of this rider stepping along the crushed stone of the road. The rider’s long gray hair fell back over the shoulders of his green cloak. Several times the man had ridden his horse away from the road, straight to the worn paths on the edges of the fields. Twice he’d ridden close to where Mercer hid, close enough for Mercer to see piercing blue eyes surrounded by crow’s feet and overshadowed by silvery brows. Gnarled hands gripped the leathern reigns. Those hands had the look of strength as if anything caught up in them would not escape. Mercer had held his breath and watched the man scrutinize the paths as if unsure how old the tracks imprinted in them were before turning his horse back toward the road.
Evenings, too, he’d heard the single riders walking their horses over the loose stone paving of the king’s highway, and felt a chill when he recognized the pale horse of the most vigilant rider. The soldiers that patrolled were faceless masses galloping their horses along the roads, but these three, whether by day or by night, seemed single-minded in their search; they were slow and methodical, vigilant in their quest. The last Mercer had seen of any of the three, the rider with the red cloak had been trotting his horse to the east toward the last cluster of farmers’ cabins.
To the west was the Aggar Hront, the king’s wall built to keep the trolls from invading into the farmlands of Thesilia, the wall that had been built too late to save Mercer’s parents from a marauding band. Things had been quiet near the wall for nearly a decade, the trolls retreating to the west after a harsh defeat trying to breach this new defense. Mercer wondered how effective Aggar Hront would be at keeping somebody in. Just get it and go west, The Schill had said without saying how far west. Mercer had no doubt that the Schill meant for him to take the sword beyond the borders of Thesilia, but how far beyond, he had no idea. Surely the Schill didn’t mean for him to travel too deeply into the troll country with it where it would attract the wrong kind of attention. In another day, Mercer would be at the wall. He considered where to go once he was outside Thesilia’s borders. Such was his contemplation that he didn’t hear the horse approach until an iron shoe struck the rough stones of the path to the well.
Jumping up in alarm he knocked the crock from the edge of the grate and the remainder of the soup spilled out into the edge of the fire. The grate tipped and the potatoes rolled into the flames, but Mercer was already up and moving, cramming the only thing at hand, his spoon, back into the pack and rushing for the moss-fringed window. He threw the pack through and began to climb after when he heard the voice of the rider call to him.
“Master Kihn?”  The voice was not the harsh growl of a ruthless hunter or the disciplined bark of a merciless soldier, but Mercer still dove after his pack. He rolled and grabbed up the straps, ready to run for the woods, but the pack had split open when it hit. The sword slid from its scabbard and the last of the vegetables Brechen’s wife had packed rolled from the gaping end of the sack. He scrambled to take up the sword, forsaking the pack and scabbard altogether, when he noted that the rider had walked the horse around the edge of the cottage and still sat in his saddle, instead of racing down on him with a drawn sword.
“Master Kihn?”  The strange rider looked around his horse’s head at the young man. The voice seemed to be equal parts concern and amusement. Mercer raised the sword in a gesture of defense, but felt foolish trying to hold the heavy weight up in a threatening manner while his arms shook from the effort of it. The man sat on his horse and stared, making no effort to climb from his mount’s back. “You are Master Kihn?” he asked.
In the weak light of the stars, Mercer recognized the silvery brows and the darkness of the green cloak and the glowing paleness of the man’s horse. The long gray hair framed the face with the piercing blue eyes. Wind blew strands of his hair across his face. Neither man moved for long moments, and the rider finally spoke again, exasperation tinting his voice. “Are you Mercer Kihn?”
“I am,” he said trying to make his voice hard. “Come and taste steel if you dare!”
The man laughed outright and climbed from his horse. “You’ve not been easy to find. A few times I thought that I’d seen the track of the elf-style boots the Schill wears, but I couldn’t be sure. That is the good news, for I am skilled at tracking and wouldn’t want to believe my skills waning as my years progress.”  He took his horse’s reigns and walked closer. He looked Mercer up and down and seemed to shrug beneath his cloak. Mercer noticed that the man still hadn’t drawn a weapon, and slowly lowered the sword, relieved to let his arms drop.
“I’m guessing you’ll be hungry.”  The stranger turned his horse and began to walk it back toward the entrance of the cottage. Mercer noticed the grip he still had on the sword, his knuckles white and his fingers cramping. Despite the man’s apparent disinterest in Mercer’s distrust, Mercer watched the stranger carefully, suspecting some trick. “You could be helpful,” the stranger called back and walked his horse around the corner and through the yawning front door right into the cottage. “I see I’ve interrupted a meal,” his voice came back from inside. Mercer loosened his grip on the sword. The man was making no attempt to keep Mercer from slipping away into the woods. He slid the sword into the scabbard and started to pile the scattered vegetables back into the pack.
The stranger had pulled two bulging bags from his horse’s withers and set them aside. He was bent over the fire, righting the toppled crock and using a piece of scrap from the table to put the grate back over the flames. He poked at what looked like a pair of scorched stones. “Too bad about your soup and potatoes,” he observed.
“I didn’t really care for the soup.”  Mercer was aware of how ridiculous he sounded.
The stranger looked at him. “Then why did you carry it?”
“It’s a long story. Who are you?”
“My name is Hrulen, at your service.”
“At my service?”
“At the service of the Schill actually.”
“You’ve seen my master?  He is well?  You have some news?”
“He is well. He made his escape from the king’s tower some four days ago, as he suggested that he would, and should about now be making his way northward for the Dorn Pelnar on the northern borders of Thesilia.”
Hrulen began to pull jars and smaller sacks from within the two bags, arranging them on the floor next to the fire. He pulled a large wine sac from the depths of the larger bag and pulled the stopper. “If you’ve no objections, Master Kihn; it has been a long and tiresome road.”  Mercer watched dumbfounded as the man tipped the sac up and took a long draught before he lowered it again. He set it down with a heavy sloshing sound that reminded Mercer of the sounds his own stomach had been making recently. From the bottom of the larger bag came an assortment of nuts and several squared cakes of cold meal. The man set the cakes aside and fished around in the flopping bottom of the bag. He smiled and pulled out a nut-cracker. “For you,” he said, and handed the metal jaws across to Mercer. “The rest of this was arranged by the Schill, but I give you the nut-cracker that you may never hunger as long as there are trees about.” He smiled again.
The night was fully dark and from deep in the bordering woods came the hooting of an owl. The wind could be heard rising and falling, the shingles of the cottage roof sometimes flapping in the stronger gusts. The small fire blazed and threw dancing shadows on the ruined walls of the cottage, but Mercer was intent on breaking open nuts and shoving the meat into his mouth. After several days of wilting vegetables and dewy water collected from streams and puddles, he was ready for a change in diet, the change he would have enjoyed if his potatoes hadn’t been scorched in the fire and the soup hadn’t run all out of the crock. He had more questions he would ask, but was content to wait until the nuts ran out. He pulled the stopper on the wine sac and took a long drink, finding the vintage fresher than any water he could have been given.
Hrulen sat up as if he had just remembered or realized something. He passed the other bag to Mercer and indicated that he should have a look through its contents. While Mercer dug into the bag, Hrulen climbed to his feet and started to pull at a bundle tied behind his saddle. When Mercer next looked up, the old man had an axe in his hand. Mercer pushed himself back from the fire, prepared to flee, but Hrulen turned toward the door and began to chop at it, breaking the last connection to the hinges and the frame. The rest of the door crashed to the floor, and he began to break it into smaller pieces to feed to the fire. “Since you don’t seem inclined to try to close it,” Hrulen said as he tossed splinters into a pile. He retied the axe behind his saddle.
“Did you find the knife?”  Hrulen asked. “The Schill sent you a blade to carry when you continue your journey.”  He reached for the bag and took it from Mercer’s fingers. He rummaged around a few moments and withdrew a knife in a silvered sheath. The blade was long and thin and reflected the light of the fire onto the walls when Hrulen drew the blade out. It flashed briefly before he sent it back into the silvered leather. He offered it across the fire to Mercer. “And now, my friend, what can I tell you while I prepare our simple road fare?  If it is within my means to tell, I will.”
Mercer took another long drink of the wine and watched his companion. The man pulled a small frying pan from the bag that held the knife and reached for one of the squared cakes. “May I?” he said and took the knife back from Mercer. He cut away a few slices from the cake and arranged them in the bottom of the pan. “This knife is worthier than a the task I’m giving it, but such is the way things are,” he said.
“Who are you?” Mercer asked around a mouthful of nuts. He noticed that the slices had already begun to sizzle. The smell that rose from the pan reminded him of the pinch of hunger he’d been feeling. The nuts he was eating filled only a small corner of the great space that was his hunger. He was ready for a meal that wasn’t exclusively vegetables. He leaned toward the fire.
“My name is Hrulen Recht. My brothers and I have been looking for you for the last four days at the Schill’s bidding. He’s asked that I find you and tell you of the destination he would have you reach.”  Hrulen stabbed at the slices and turned them over. Mercer reached for a slice and the old man swatted his hand away. “Not yet!  You’ll have plenty in time!”
“And where does the Schill want me to go?”  Mercer picked up the nut cracker again and broke more nuts while he watched the man tend the cakes.
“He would have you go into the west, beyond the Folds and the western traces and into the mountains. He has asked for the elves of the Graith Falror to take you in; the gray elves of the far west range that call their home Thimbol. He has some association with them. He has requested that one among them find and guide you to their distant home.”
“Are you to accompany me then?”
“I could not. My brothers and I are sworn to protect the northern gate of the king’s keep regardless of who wears the crown. We have been sympathetic to the young princess and our families have helped the Schill to escape the keep, but our duty is to Thesilia. Our time is short since our search has taken so long, and we must return before the men of the east appear to lay siege to the Theliant. Had I not found you within the next day, I should have had to return without delivering your purpose and these meager supplies to you, such is the threat these men of the serpent pose to us.”
“I go on alone then?”
“You do. The Schill would have me impart to you this though:  travel by day and stay put when the sun sets; use the woodcraft he has taught you; eat sparingly of the cakes I’ve brought and eat of the wilds what you can find; use all of your senses. He talks of your ability to hear. ‘Use it’ he would have me tell you; listen to the wind before you take to the roads. Hail to none until you’ve heard the speech that they use, and then tell less and listen more. The trolls are moving southward with speed; avoid them if you can. He would have you avoid the ogres as well. Though they have been our sometimes allies, their disposition wavers with the promise of war looming on the horizon.”
Mercer sighed and mused to himself that apprentice to the Schill was not the enviable position he’d once considered it. He wondered if there was a limit to what his master would expect from him and instantly doubted it. The thought of betraying his master’s wishes came and went within the same heartbeat. The Schill had taken him in when no others would, and had become a father to the young orphan. “Is there a specific road he would have me take?” Mercer asked.
“He would have you avoid the roads whenever possible. However, whichever one you find yourself following, know that all of the roads eventually lead to the bridge at Torn, that crossing over the Ter’ran Hump between the Sevenfolds and the Westfields. There is a village there, a crossroads where all manner of men, trolls, ogres, and elves come together though anymore it has become more a haven for just the trolls and outlaw men. An untrustworthy lot you’ll find; brigands and cutthroats mostly. Some that would be considered mercenaries, but you’ll not want to put any stock into any of the characters you meet there. The one the Schill has requested to meet you is one like himself, a half-elf. Unless he finds you before you get so far, wait for him at the bridge. Beware, though, there may be others who would want to know your business and may claim themselves friends. Such is the practice of some of that lot that will make you think them friends until you find yourself alone amongst them and they suddenly turn on you for whatever possessions you carry. Trust in nobody but the one your master has requested. Your master has had no time to listen for an answer from his distant kin, but anticipates that they’ll have heard and will respond as he requests.”
Mercer thought about the words of the man. Hrulen Recht’s eyes were a piercing blue, but they were not as serious as Mercer had first perceived. The man looked almost apologetic, his silvery brows frowning over his narrow nose. Mercer decided that Recht would have been a good man to know and felt the twinges of regret that their meeting had not come sooner. “You’ll want to set this on your pack or someplace clean and let it cool for a few moments.”  Recht held a steaming slice of the cake on the flat edge of his knife.
Mercer took it in his fingers, convinced that his hunger was greater than the heat coming from the cake, but quickly set it down once he felt it burning his hands. Hrulen laughed. “Let it cool, my friend. There will be time. You’ll be safe enough for tonight.”
“Does the new king no longer search for me?”
“He does, but it is no longer the army that he uses for the search. There are those that he would pay specifically for your capture or for whatever you carry. All that can be spared of the border guard is called back to the Theliant to prepare for the threat of the eastern men that march this way, but these other men, these hunters, have no such calling and feel no sense of duty to our country. Such are the men that our new king would deal with. But again, my brothers and I serve our country.”
“I believe I have seen your brothers,” said Mercer. “Three riders I have seen these last few days. You are one that I’ve seen several times, more than the others.”
“I watched the western roads while my brothers searched the fields and trails to the north and south in case you lost your way or circumstances forced you elsewhere. We crossed paths several times in an effort to search behind each other and to make a more effective comb. Alas, we were not so effective, else we would have found you sooner. May your skills serve you further once you’ve left Thesilia.”
“Your brothers?  One wears a blue cloak, and the other red, but faded almost beyond color?”
Hrulen’s eyes opened wider. “Aye to the first,” he said. “That would be my brother Hrelsin. He wears blue fringed with the symbols and our family motto. But no to the second. Thorden, our younger brother, wears a sable colored cloak with a gold collar.”
“I’ve not seen him.”
“He has been away to the north near the heels of the mountains. Our paths have been crossing at the northernmost borders of the king’s fields. Alas, I think those that would hunt you for the love of gold are already among these western fields.”
“Do you know these men?”
“I don’t know them, but I know their type. Things would not go well with you if you should be caught by them. I doubt they would be bothered to take you back to the Theliant. They’d leave your body for the wolves wherever it fell once they were sure that you had what they seek.”
Mercer swallowed. At least with the king’s soldiers, he’s assumed the worst that would be done to him would be that he’d be dragged back to the Theliant to await the king’s pleasure. He hadn’t considered that anybody would kill him outright.
Hrulen noted his expression and said, “At least for this night, you can take your ease without any worries. Your pursuers do not relish work at night, and are not yet ready to abandon the comfort of beds for the open fields. I shall watch this evening. In the morning though, we part. I have much to prepare for the defense of the north gate. I am already overlong away and would not abuse Callifar needlessly.” He gestured at the horse standing in the middle of the ruined floor.
Mercer ate a few more slices of the heated cakes and drank deeply from the wine sac. The toil of the past week crept into his bones and the comfort and security of his companion made sleep impossible to fend off. Not since the day he’d slept through at Brechen’s cabin had he felt safe enough to ease his guard. He doubted anything coming in the night could overthrow the defense of this blue-eyed captain of Thesilia.
He slept on the hard dirt floor wrapped in his cloak and a blanket from Hrulen’s pack. The few times he woke, the fire was low embers throwing only the faintest red glow on the pale walls. Each time, the old rider was awake and alert; now, rubbing at his horse’s withers with a comb or holding a sack of straw under the horse’s nose; now standing at the cave-like window peering into the gloom of night or standing outlined in the doorway with only a few pallid stars beyond. Mercer heard the horse stamp a few times, but was not bothered by the sound, comforted that his company still remained.
In the morning the fire rose again, devouring fresh armloads of sticks and branches that Hrulen had collected during the night. A few slices of the cake fried in the pan and the meager breakfast was ready. Hrulen packed the rest of the cakes and the wine sac into the smaller of his bags and set it aside. He dumped the rest of the vegetables now rotten from Mercer’s pack and tucked the small sack inside admonishing him to eat of the cakes only in need. “They’ll keep for a long time, and they needn’t be fried; they just taste better hot.”  He crammed two blankets into the top of the pack and retied the sheath of the sword with stronger knots.
At last, Mercer stood in the doorway ready to continue his way westward. He remembered a question he’d intended to ask the previous night, but the full stomach, the wine, and the warmth made idle questions less than important. “Nearly five days ago, I stayed a night and a day with a farmer named Brechen and his wife. They were kind to me. Have you, by chance, come across them as you’ve come westward?”
“I’ve spoken to very few people. All have made no claim to seeing you, although there was one man, a farmer, who denied it so off-handedly that I shouldn’t be surprised that he is the one to whom you refer.”
“A talkative man?”
“Aye, and his wife too. Both seemed starved for an audience regardless of how much attention was paid to their discourse.”
“As I say, they were kind to me. Would you look in upon them as you travel eastward?  If you were unconvinced by his denial, others may be also. I fear that they may meet with some of those others and it may go bad for them.”
“My brothers and I will stop and look in on them.”
“Thank you then.”  Mercer offered his hand and the old rider took it within both of his own. He pressed a small bag of coins into Mercer’s hands.
“You’ll need this at Torn. They’ve a strange way about them, a strange sense of… not honor, something else, but a piece of coin in that lonely place has a way of smoothing rougher roads.”
“I thank you again.”
“Thank me when we meet again,” said Hrulen. “In the meantime, stay safe. There is little between this place and the wall and already every spare soldier is called back to the Theliant. You can probably take the road, but then only by night, at least until Thesilia is behind you. Then, as the Schill suggests, travel by day. Keep your eyes and ears open. I don’t trust that the rider in red is among those called back to the keep, nor do I trust that he has abandoned his search, nor that he is alone. When you reach the west gate, turn southward. You’ll find leaving Thesilia easier on the southern end of the great wall. Fare you well.”
The officer shook his hand and slung his lightened supply sacks over the horse’s withers. Mercer watched him step into the saddle, and with a wave, the rider eased his horse into a trot and turned eastward.

Chapter 22: Revelations at Dorn Pelnar

“So, master advisor, master Schill, how much longer is our road?” the princess had asked only a day’s travel from the north gate of the king’s keep.
“If I may request it, Princess, please call me by my given name until we are well north of the keep and away from those who would recognize my common name. We may be set upon by those who would expect a reward from your uncle.”  A single day of travel had not even brought them half way to the first of the northern villages of Thesilia.
“And what name is that again?”
“Clovisill will suffice for the time being,” he told her. “None except yourself and my closest of friends and allies know of that name, and even friends and allies are so few and far between that we may safely assume that none where we’re going will know me by that address. If I may suggest, prudence dictates to me that I call you by something other than ‘Princess,’ something that would not be too common but that would not bring too much attention either.”
“You know my given name?”
“I do, but even that is too well-known that we could not speak it without some eyebrows raised if I addressed you as such. If you’ve no objections, I would call you Fam’atan. It means ‘without a home’ in the elfin speech.”
“How did my father ever tolerate your sense of humor?”
Clovisill had ignored the question, musing to himself that the name was appropriate for both of them. They looked to be homeless wanderers. The horses they rode were of the least impressive breed, one usually used for pulling plows or wagons. He’d told Hrulen that he wished to appear a peasant hunter, and the old warrior found them horses that were as non-descript and ignoble looking as could be had anywhere in the keep. The morning he and the princess rode through the gates dressed in hunter attire and winter cloaks. The guards barely gave them a glance.
The princess could hardly be recognized. Hrulen’s daughter had cut her hair. Amid the nervousness and concern of harming a single hair on the royal head—ironically, every hair received at least one cut—the poor girl could barely hold the scissors. When the princess left the improvised barber’s chair, the fading yellow locks that had twisted and curled about her shoulders lay strewn about the chair, and a short boyish haircut adorned her noble head. Her hair had been chopped brutally short. In addition, all traces of powder and rouge had been removed and replaced with oil that gave the girl’s complexion a swarthier look, as if she’d spent the majority of her days in the sun. Gone was the pale beauty; a working peasant of either sex stood before the Schill when the disguise was complete. After her captivity and four days’ travel, she had the worn thinness of a peasant.
Even the Schill had submitted to some effort at disguise. The oil had been liberally applied to his complexion and dark, thick leather gloves hid his long thin fingers. The cloaks they wore were of heavy winter material, cut long so that they hung about their knees, and suitable to sleep in if the need should arise. Clovisill had felt that the need would indeed arise before they reached the destination he had in mind. They wore their hoods up against the chilling north wind that blew down on the keep. They both had bows and quivers strapped over their shoulders; hunting knives filled sheaths belted around their waists. Thick woodsmen’s boots covered their feet; Clovisill could feel the clunky weight and the stiffness of the leather dragging and chafing his ankles. His soft-soled elfin boots were tucked into the bottom of his pack and would stay there until they were far enough north of the last village that nobody would recognize the elfish work that made them.
The pack hanging from the saddle horn of the Schill’s horse was filled with dried apples and the oily nuts from the groves in the eastern lands of Thesilia. They would avoid the villages if they could. The bag bounced against his leg as they rode along. Clovisill felt a strong sense of grief and loss at what would happen to those nut groves when the men from the east arrived. The Ouros, he thought, with their long-dead winged serpent adorning their shields, would not be kind to those trees. They would probably rip them down for the nuts and burn the wood. They were determined to take the Theliant despite the bite of winter and were marching through the cold wastes of the eastern range, through the territory of the eastern elves, the brown elves that found their solace in the deep woods at the foot of the last bordering mountains. Beyond those peaks was the sea. The Schill realized his mind had been wandering when he glanced at the princess.
“I said, how much longer is our road?  Are we far enough yet that you can begin to tell me all that you know of my father’s death and the fate of the crown and the sword?”
“Perhaps this evening if you are able to stay awake.”
Four days now they had ridden. Villages had receded on either side of them, the smoke from their chimneys drifting upward and blown sideways. Ever did they look to those signs of warmth and bow their heads as they pressed onward to another night on the frosty ground. The hard days of sitting in the saddle had wearied the princess so that she slept almost immediately after their meager meal each evening despite the lack of pillow and mattress. Clovisill had to admit that he was bone tired each time he climbed from his horse and it required all the energy he had left each day to make a camp. His hope this fifth day out was that they would reach the ruins of the Dorn Pelnar, an ancient temple of sorts that had once been a place of worship for an elder race now consigned to history’s pages. Beyond that, they still had many days of travel before they reached their destination. He determined that he’d put off telling her what that destination was for as long as possible.
The days were almost constantly overcast, gloomy with the gray horizon promising little more than the coming winter. The sun put in a sparse appearance each day, sometimes burning through the eastern fog in the morning, or slanting down over them while they ate a midday meal in their saddles, or fading below the clouds before slipping over the western edge of the world. These visits offered no excess of warmth and oftentimes they could see their breath streaming in the bleak air, and at night, the temperatures plummeted until the Schill and his charge huddled close to their fire and their horses stamped their displeasure. 
Ahead of them was the northern range, believed by many to be the edge of the world, but there were lands beyond it that Clovisill knew were occupied. The trolls of the north came from somewhere above this range, he knew, though they used the western passes and avoided Thesilia since their last defeat. He scoffed at the notion most people had that the trolls had sprung from within the mountains. And the ogres, the unpredictable beast-men came down out of the jagged cliffs, ever wary and opportunistic. They too occupied the western regions of the mountains. The Schill had been quite young, clutching his father’s neck and hanging off his back, when his father had told him about the races to the north and the mountains that rose like crooked, beastly teeth for hundreds of leagues all along the northern border of Thesilia and the lands beyond, both east and west.
“Is it much farther?”
Clovisill noticed that the whininess of the princess’s voice was wearing away to the dulled boredom of days on end of relentless travel. The first few days had been tiresome listening to her complaints until he impressed on her the need to continue and the security of distance. Now her voice registered only resigned acceptance.
“It is a little farther than we’ve averaged each day. I plan to sleep within the walls of the Dorn Pelnar tonight.”
“Are we that far north?”  Surprise lifted her voice as she turned in the saddle to look at him.
“We are. We’ve made very good time, much better than we would if the snows had started or we’d stayed in any of the villages. Much harder would it have been to rouse ourselves from comfort, and much easier is it to make yourself move for warmth. But I can see on the horizon that those days are coming very soon, when no amount of movement will dispel the cold. The farther we can go before those days get here, the better.”
“Is the Dorn Pelnar haunted?”
The Schill was pleased to note that her voice was curious instead of fearful. “Some say that it is,” he answered.
“What do you say?”
“It is an old place with the feel of time to it. Some think that makes a place haunted, the history about the place that will not die or fade. It is no more haunted than any other place, but it is ancient and the evidence of those that built it is still there, such was their skill. If you wish to think of that as ghosts, then perhaps it is haunted. But there is nothing there to fear.”  He turned in his saddle to view the trail behind them; the faint clop of a hoof beat seemed to echo in the heavy air. The trail was empty.
“Let us press on with some haste, and we may reach the Dorn Pelnar before darkness descends. The moon is waning and will shed no light thick enough to penetrate the clouds. The Dorn Pelnar may not be haunted, but it is a place I would reach while there is still some light in the sky.”
They pushed the horses into the late afternoon and felt the shift in light as the sun moved from over their right shoulders to their left. They kept to the thinner trails and avoided the main throughways; The Schill could hear the heavy traffic of villagers moving toward the protection of the Theliant and noted wryly that he and his charge seemed to be the only people moving away from it. Such was his hope.
They trotted their mounts for a couple of leagues before stepping from their saddles and letting the weary mounts blow and shake out their knotted muscles. Clovisill took the reins for both horses and pulled them up a short incline. Turning, he could see the king’s highway away to the east and the lines of farmers and huntsmen abandoning the northern woods and fields. Chimneys rose among the barren treetops, but no smoke from supper fires drifted out. The last village was emptying of its inhabitants. He was tempted to seek shelter in the village, but decided it would be best to simply push on to the destination he’d planned. Behind him, the trail was only a winding path, too thin for the carts of supplies and possessions these northern Thesilins pulled southward. The trail was no wider in the other direction, and he led the horses down the hill and walked them for nearly half a league before he held the princess’s mount and let her climb back into the saddle.
“Another hour should bring the Dorn Pelnar into sight, and we’ll stop.”
“Is there another village beyond that?”
The Schill looked ahead at the line of mountains looming up and felt the dread he’d been anticipating when they reached this stage of their journey. He’d have to admit that there was no other village beyond the Dorn Pelnar until they made their way through the snowy passes of the north range.
“We have further to go yet.”  He hoped this evasive answer would be sufficient. She said nothing further.
They rode on in silence. The stirring wind knocked branches together and the twigs clicked and scraped. The horses blew and each hoof fall was muted on the pathway. Dormant grasses stretched long and brown, a narrow twisting lawn between lines of black trees with crooked fingers reaching up to the sullen sky and thickets that stretched onward for dozens of steps like great scribbles on pale paper. The road became hilly as the trees fell away.
Somewhere ahead, tucked into the hills was the ancient temple, a place the Schill had seen only once before when he accompanied his father on a survey of the lands surrounding the Theliant. In the search for arable lands, the survey team had been surprised to find this building where they only expected the wilds of the hills and forest. The walls of the temple were tremendous slabs of rock, he remembered, each worked with runic symbols. In the ages since its construction, some of the walls had fallen, never to be lifted again by any means that the Thesilins had. The roof of the temple was missing even then, without any trace of what material it had been made from, if it had ever had a roof. For one hundred steps in any direction away from the Dorn Pelnar, the forest had been cleared away and wild flowers grew right up to the chiseled steps. It appeared that trees disdained to take root in this open space. At the foot of this clearing was a stream. Clear, cold water from the roots of the mountains tumbled at the edge of the wood, dashing against its rocky banks in a white headlong rush. The Lissolford, as the river was called by the Thesilins flowed southward through the middle of the Murkhiil Plains. Beyond those plains it was known by the southern elves as the Silwing.
The first wall came in view just as the sun threw weak rays from atop the sunset trees. The rocky face shone a dull red in that waning light. The Schill put a hand out to gather in the reigns of the princess’s horse. He listened intently for any sound from within those walls and studied the edges of the clearings and the stony recesses for the faintest wisps of smoke. Satisfied that they were unobserved, he nudged his horse up the incline, through a patch of thigh high wildflowers, and directly into the shadow of the nearest wall.
He alighted from the horse and stepped through the few chambers of the temple to view those sections of the clearing unseen from the trail. The sounds of crickets and evening birds greeted his silent inspection and he turned back to the chamber where he’d left the princess. She was already off her horse and pulling at the sacks with their provisions. 
“What would you learn from me first?”
“Tell me what you know of my father.”
“A goodly king. He was poisoned; krithbane, I believe. I was with him when he died, a quick death, a merciful death, although it was not the death your father would have sought or should have had. Despite his age, he was ever the warrior. He may have relinquished some of his military control, but that would not have stopped him marching to war. If the need were justified. Your uncle invited the war with the Ouros needlessly with his flat refusal of their claim to your father’s crown, never questioning how it came to Thesilia. So it was a quick passage. Your uncle wouldn’t have wanted him to linger and discover his treachery or he would have joined your father in death.”
She was surprised to see the Schill’s eyes glisten as he spoke, and managed to withhold her own tears. Where her grief had been was now filled with loathing of her uncle and just vengeance.
“And what of the crown?”
“I learned of your uncle’s treachery during the time of mourning for your father. He was ever one to ignore my greater senses and spoke of his ambitions when he thought I could not hear. I gave little attention to the hints he’d let drop and now regret it. When it became obvious that your uncle intended to usurp the throne and forego any sense of stewardship until you came of age, I took it upon myself to deny him the one thing he felt he needed to truly be king, the one thing that the Ouros seek. The crown I hid in the most obvious place and your uncle himself sent it away. I placed it upon your father’s head and covered it with his war helm. If I thought it would have deterred the Ouros, I’d have given it to them, but their intentions were easy enough to read.
When your uncle decided to consign your father’s body to the waters of the world, he himself pushed the skiff away from the shore, and so sent away the crown. I had encouraged him thus, knowing the waters would do my will. The only thing that surprised me is how long it took for him to conclude what I had done. By that time, it was in the south, beyond the greedy fingers of the goblins of the Dullgled and in the hands of the elves of the southern realm of Fridia.”
“How could you know this?”
“I listen. Those days in the tower, when I climbed toward the window, those climbs served two purposes. I let your uncle think that I was being thwarted in my efforts to reach the sill as his guards no doubt reported when they entered and saw the piled furniture always reaching short of my objective. The other purpose was to hear the wind.”
“The wind?”
“The wind carries every cry, whisper, shriek, and oath of the world if you know how to listen to it. The window was not an ideal place to listen to the world, but it served well enough. I heard the goblins grunting about the golden boat that could not be coaxed to their stingy fingers and that had passed down to their hated enemies, the elves. I am assuming that the elves have received it. Little floats through their lands that they miss. If they have not stopped the skiff’s journey, then your father has gone to a final rest in the southern sea, and the crown with him.”
“How can you assume they would do anything with it but send it on its way?”
“You would probably call it magic, but it was really just an attunement to the waters of the world. My father learned from the sea elves when he was younger and adventurous how to speak to the waters of the world, and more importantly, how to get them to listen. I spoke to the waters to carry the boat ever southward until another of my kin should arrest its journey, and then carry it no further. The boat is in their control now.”
The princess’s eyes grew wide. “You still have kin in the south?  Do you not wish to go there?  To claim some place among them?”
“Someday, perhaps. But they are strangers that I’ve never met. Rarely do I hear little more than songs from them on the wind. They are withdrawn from the world. I fear that I’ve suddenly thrust the world upon them. I cannot say how I would be received.”
“When I am queen, you shall have your freedom. You may then go and find out how they should take you. If they would not have you amongst them, you would have a home in Thesilia to the end of your days.”
“That is generous, but for now neither of us has any power to offer anything to anybody. Even if you could give it to me, you would not live to see the end of my days as I still have some hundreds of years to live by my reckoning. And what would be my fate then with your heirs?  Others like the one who caused your father’s death may not so easily dismiss me. We must consider ourselves without family for the time being, until such time as we can return and put you in your rightful place atop the throne. Then we’ll worry about my service and my kin.”
The princess grew quiet and thoughtful. The second reminder of her father’s death nudged her feelings back towards grief, but she quickly pressed another question upon the Schill. “What of my father’s sword?  What have you done with it that so grieved my uncle?”
“That, I have sent into the west, to the gray elves of the mountains. My apprentice, if such you would call him—he was more an adopted son—carries it away from Thesilia. By this time, he should be beyond our borders.”
“Why the need to send the sword away?”
“Your father didn’t know what he had in his sword. He wore it as an ornament, a heavy piece of ceremony, but it had much more worth than that. When it was bought for the kings of Thesilia, its history was not known; it was only a sword fit for the hip of a king, or so the people believed. But the sword your father and his father’s fathers before him carried was the sword that defeated the last of the dragons. A great heirloom, and one that the Ouros would value more highly than your father’s crown if they knew of its existence. Your father did not wear it, except for the most solemn of ceremonies, otherwise the Ouros should have seen it during their audience, and would have marched that much quicker.”  Clovisill laughed. “That too was much closer than your uncle ever suspected.”
“It seems amazing that two such pieces have both come to Thesilia.” Lisle fished in the bottom of a pack.
“Not so, when you consider the wealth of Thesilia. The two pieces were together for a very long time and only sold piecemeal after their tale had waned. That they should arrive here from different traders at different times is not so strange. Thesilia has become a major stop for traders, and the pieces were held specifically for the Thesilin kings, knowing those kings had deep coffers and would not haggle on the prices asked. Anyways, Marwaer will never wear the sword on his hip.”
“Where did you hide it?”
“Behind the throne in the audience room at the southwest gate.” The Schill was pleased to see the girl’s expression change.
“You are too devious. I should be glad you are an ally. I don’t begrudge my uncle your enmity.”  She smiled at him then, a brave expression amid her watered eyes. “Do you believe the claims of the Ouros; that their dragon has arisen?”
“I have my doubts. The last of the dragons fell centuries ago, before I was born, before even my father was born. I don’t know that I’ve ever heard a dragon’s voice on the wind. Elves have no power with dragons; the combination of earth, air, and fire quite overwhelms their senses. I am half-elf; I don’t know that I could resist a dragon’s voice if I heard one.
“Men, though, and ogres, have no such trouble with their dulled senses. It was a human named Hawkil Crech that cast down the last dragon. It is said that he threw the sword—Mythorn it was called—into the sea in grief over his fallen comrades who perished in the dragon’s fire, and the sea elves could see the jewels of its hilt glittering in the depths and fished it back out. So the story goes that the sword was passed from owner to owner and father to son, prized for its ornaments alone until the descendents of Hawkil Crech saw it and recognized the family crest. Their past glories had faded and they hadn’t the wealth to buy it back, but the story has remained attached to it ever since. I cannot say whether the story is true or not. I’ve no doubt that the Ouros search for some word of the sword also, but have been unable to trace its fate.”
“And now it goes into the west?  Is it safe there?”
“Safer there than here.”
The princess took a deep breath and raised her eyebrows. “You don’t leave much to chance, do you?”
“Not when I can help it although I fear there was a lot to chance in asking what I have of my apprentice. He is young and inexperienced. But he is also intelligent, and I expect he has courage that has not been seen yet. All I can do is hope he can accomplish what I’ve set for him to do. We must each do our own part.” 
“So what is our destination?  I wouldn’t have believed that there were others of my people this far north, and we’ve not seen any others traveling southward since the last village. Much more in our current direction and we run to the mountains.”
“We go to the mountains and beyond. With haste, we can reach the passes before the snows block them completely. On the other side, we search for the valley of the Diyani.”
The princess was startled and turned toward him. “They are a myth!”
“They are few, yes, but very real. On the rarest occasions, I can still hear their laments. I guess then that they have ventured outside their realm, for other times I hear nothing of their voices. But they are up here somewhere, and we shall find them, hopefully before we freeze.” He smiled at her. “I will ask their advice and their aid, for your sake and for the sake of Thesilia. I’d not have them offer any assistance to your uncle. May the Ouros do with him as they see fit, but you have a kingdom to reclaim.”

Chapter 23: The Westfields

The sky was the color of lead when the last tumbled glacial rocks gave way to the long grasses of the Westfields. Great rolling clouds bunched together, threatening to deliver a winter storm and the breezes rose, stirring the grass as if forewarning of the impending tempest. For leagues in any direction, the land rose and fell in unending fields of wild wheat and straw grasses rippling in the wind. Creases showed only where water courses carried the rain and dew that fell in the mountains of the distant north. Shallow streams that became raging torrents during spring run-off sluiced through the meadows with scarcely a whisper over their gravelly bottoms. Beside these streams, occasional stands of black poplars with their naked fingers pointing at the darkening sky dotted the landscape. A lonely place; a place to make a person feel small, the Westfields seemed oppressive for nothing more than its sheer size.
Kamafial looked away to the east and tried to count the leagues they would have to cross to reach the bridge at Torn. Too long had it been since last he’d come down from his mountain and seen the daunting distances from ground level. Too long since he’d stood with both feet on this level plain with neither ascent nor descent among the decisions he’d have to make. From the mountain, it had been easy to see a destination knowing that it was somebody else’s to pursue; the dark crease at the edge of sight or the far-off peaks that distance made smooth. It was easy to ignore all the space between where a person stood before he started and where he would stand when his journey was done, especially if it was somebody else’s journey to make. But from the edge of the glacial scree, every leg of the trip presented itself; every weary step from this spot to that, this copse of trees to that hillock, this streambed to that patch of withering wildflowers.
The elves had stopped at the last boulders and made a fire on the leeward side of the largest. It was barely noon when they’d come at last to the bottom of the last foothills out of Thimbol, the gray elves’ realm. They were insistent on preparing a parting meal for the two travelers although half of the escort spread out in all directions away from their brief camp to watch for wandering bands of trolls. The scouts that had run furthest daring to go half a league into the Westfields carried back news of beaten trails stamped to bare earth under the iron-soled boots of the trolls and a diagonal slash of smoke rising far away to the north. Despite their numbers and the absence of close foes, they still seemed agitated and wary.
Kamafial turned to Damantan. The elf had grown comfortable the last few evenings, his apprehensions fleeing as his brethren watched ever vigilant. Keef had grown fond of the young elf, curling next to him or laying across his feet when they stopped for water or meals. At night, the dog expected his new friend to rest his unhelmed head on his stretched fluffy side; in this way they shared warmth that went beyond companionship. 
Kamafial smiled to think of the great, fierce dog so tamed, but knew that the elves had such powers with the natural world. Keef had been little more than a pup when Kamafial found him half starved, lying next to his mother. Up in the northern traces of the mountains near the edge of the elves’ realm he’d come across the pair on a rocky shelf. Two arrows stood vertically out of her side where she lay dead. Kamafial needed no study to know that the arrows were made by trolls. Other spent arrows lay splintered or broken on the rocks near the body; they’d shot at her in sport and left her carcass where it fell. The pup lay nuzzled against the thick ruff of her neck, his fur so white and so evenly matched to hers that Kamafial had almost missed seeing him until the eyes fluttered open and a soft growl came from the tiny, weak throat. The trolls had probably missed him since they’d not come near enough to retrieve their arrows.
The dog had nipped him the first time he reached for it,—he still had a small crescent scar on the web of his right hand—but a strip of dried meat and the power of hunger overcame the pup’s fear. A lasting friendship had formed between the half-elf and the half-wild beast although Kamafial didn’t consider the pup such at the time. It was only after the dog had grown to a mature adult size that Kamafial realized that it was a beast he’d befriended. The dog stood as tall as Kamafial’s waist and easily outweighed him by several large stones. As Kamafial had adopted the dog then, so the dog had adopted the young elf now.
The elves assembled a hasty meal and ate where they stood, their eyes ever moving across the open spaces of the fields.
“Bear north and east by day so that your eyes will not miss any approach made by the trolls. Turn southward at dusk to recover your line of travel and in this way you may reach the eastern border of the Westfields. You will take many more steps, but they’ll not be wasted if you come unto Plimner, and then Torn without meeting trouble.”  The leader of their escort had the open face of all elves, but his expression was guarded as if he harbored a secret dread.
Kamafial listened as he ate. Wise advice was always welcome even when it echoed what he had in his own mind. He allowed his mind to wander though as the elf went on to suggest precautions that Kamafial had practiced for decades while living and wandering among these same fields and other lands beyond. We will not get far this afternoon, he mused. Already the air was getting a snowy feeling to it, as if the clouds drew the atmosphere away from the soil and would breathe it back in one great misty breath. He looked for a fold in the land to find some possible shelter in, dismissing the trees unless some misfortune came upon them that forced them to seek shelter there; trolls would certainly search out those places first were they wandering and the storm struck. The first true winter storm would not be kind. The cold could be endured, but slogging through heavy, wet snow would lengthen the journey even more. Skies, he thought, but the elves could certainly predict the changing seasons; they had spoken at the winter feast only a few days before of the coming storm, but said that it wouldn’t be so bad down on the plains. Kamafial hoped they were right.
“May you fare well in your journey!  And return our younger brother safely to our home!”  Kamafial was pulled from his reverie. The elves clasped hands with him, each in turn. Their grasps were warm, conveying a sense of hope that he couldn’t quite understand. There was no way of predicting that he and Damantan would ever find the ones they sought. Couldn’t this Schill have made his request in the spring when the weather was mild and the beauty of new growth could offer heart to the most despairing, Kamafial wondered. He’d have welcomed a lengthy search if it could be done in the heat of summer.
Damantan stood, the peace of the last few days dispelled as he eyed the banked clouds drifting southward. Kamafial knew he’d not have to point out the coming storm to the elf. They slung their packs and weapons over their backs and stepped onto the plains.
As if their first steps were a signal, the snow began to come down. Thin spiraling flakes lit on their cloaks, lingered for no longer than a breath, melted, and began the long, laborious task of soaking them, one tiny drop at a time. The sky turned the color of a bruise; the air the color of dirty paper. The breeze dropped off so that the wheat and grasses stood upright and appeared as stiff as pikes driven into the ground. Walking side by side, they moved toward a gap between stands of trees. The snow seemed to fall harder, contrasting against the black trunks in a way that made Kamafial sad. After fifty paces, he looked over his shoulder and saw that the elves were already climbing up the foothills and fading into the distance. Their haste was disheartening. He said nothing to his companion, but pushed on against the fresh breezes.
The wind rose up and the snow blew sideways against them, finding out the secret places behind ears, in the corners of their eyes, and the insides of wrists. The snow-dog trotted along, as unperturbed as ever with the weather. Kamafial suggested that they run some distance to generate some heat, but found that laden as they were they could not go far before weariness slowed them and sweat stood out on their brows. “If it comes to it,” he said, “we’ll have to stand and fight!  We’ll never be able to outrun trolls while carrying so much!”
Damantan smiled. Surely his friend was jesting, but despite his youthfulness, he too felt the drag of tired muscles after only a few hundred strides. “Let us save our strength then if we can.”  It would never come to such, he hoped.
Kamafial nodded, his face grim. The first point he’d chosen to pursue seemed no closer and the sky grew darker. The days had been growing shorter, but with a warm fire in his cabin, there had been no need to track such changes. He pulled his pack tighter against his back and thought of his warm pallet in the corner of his woody home, the log walls tightly fitted, the fireplace stones radiating heat. The ram’s wool blanket, wildcat skins, and a robe from a mountain elk were bundled at the foot of his bed, so much extra weight that he’d decided to forego carrying. He would miss them again tonight, just as he had for each of the three nights preceding.
They trudged for hours in silence until the dusk deepened and their feet started to tangle in the long grasses and each step was harder to lift than the last. The snow continued, neither growing heavier nor lightening, and the twilight approached as a deepening of shadows. Kamafial pressed on, sure that they were within a league of the first of the streams that wended their way through the long valley of the Westfields. He was surprised then when he nearly stumbled off of the plain after only another hundred or so paces. He lowered himself down and stood on a shelf of dry land; the stream meandered through another four paces away.
“Our time has been good. I wouldn’t have believed we could get so far so quickly, but the snow has been light. The elders have been as good as their word about this snow, although I would wager it goes sorely for our late escort as they face the uphill climb home.”  He nearly laughed to think of the elves having the more difficult journey, but theirs would end in only a few days and his would last considerably longer.
He dropped his pack, knelt, and cupped a handful of the water burbling at their feet. It was colder than he could remember water ever being, but it refreshed. He rubbed the back and shoulders of Keef as the snow-dog lapped noisily at the current.
“We stop here. There,” he pointed, “where the water has cut away the banks the deepest during the spring run-offs can we find some semblance of shelter.”
He pulled his pack to a ledge where the level of the plain rose several hands above the dry stream bed. “I think we could safely build a fire if we had fuel.”
Damantan looked skeptical as he surveyed their surroundings. Grass, water, and stone were all that he could see in any direction. He set to opening his pack and taking in only a cold meal of cakes and dried fruit. He sat on a rock with the wine sac between his knees and nibbled a corner of a cake.
“I’ll be back,” Kamafial said and began to walk upstream toward a bend in the stream. The shadow of night made him seem a vague apparition as he went away into the dark. Damantan had finished his cake and was putting away the rest of his provender when the half-elf returned, a small load of wood tucked under his arm. “It won’t last the night, but we can have a warm meal before we settle into cold sleep.”  He tried to sound cheerful, and was oddly cheered himself. Now that he was down on the flat with only the opened sky above him, he felt a strange sense of homecoming, a sense he’d not felt when he returned to the elves of Thimbol. He reached up to the plain and grabbed a handful of the grass to help start the snow-dampened wood burning once his tinder caught.
“I’ve already eaten,” said Damantan, “but I can eat again,” he added hastily.
They finished their meal and cleared patches of bare sand against the ledge to nestle down into. Kamafial didn’t begrudge Damantan Keef’s large warm company when the dog lay down between the elf and the flowing stream. As snug as he could be, with the bank on one side and the dog on the other, and weariness tugging his eyelids, the elf was soon sleeping. The snow continued to fall, melting as it struck. Kamafial could have talked a while, but felt weary himself and knew the best course would be to take his rest when he could; who knew what toils awaited with the sunrise.
Keef put a cold, wet nose into the hood of Kamafial’s cloak and brushed the whiskered cheeks until the half-elf came awake. A low growl issued from the dog’s throat and the old traveler was instantly alert. Somewhere above, out on the plain, the harsh voices of trolls called back and forth, the voices so dim they were almost beyond hearing. Kamafial patted the dog, calming it until the sounds had faded and only the low keening of the wind and the trickling of water remained. The muscles had been tight beneath the dog’s shoulders; he would have sprung over the bank and after the trolls with only a word from his master. After several hundreds of heartbeats, Kamafial peered over the edge of the bank. In every direction the plain was empty.
The horizon was gray with the coming light. The moon had waned two nights prior and the stars were smothered by the blanketing clouds that hovered and spat their light snow. Flurries fell on their cold camp. Damantan was still huddled within his cloak, facing against the bank.
Kamafial pulled together the charred ends of the branches they’d used to fuel their dinner fire, but it was considerably less than he’d need for breakfast. It was probably for the best anyway, he thought, that they could start that much sooner, before the sun climbed the sky and other eyes began their watchfulness. He shook his companion awake.
“Come!  We make for the Tar Delanon, an old castle built in the time of the first kings. It is at least ten days travel but should be the next safe haven if there is such a thing in the Westfields these days.”
“Wouldn’t the trolls go there?”
“Only to desecrate the memory of what happened there.”
“I don’t know that story.”
“Then I shall tell it to you while we walk, but walk we must. Already the mists of the east are growing lighter and we waste valuable travel time. We shall eat as we go.”
The elf gathered his weapons and pack and they waded across the narrow stream. Kamafial set a northeastern course with always one eye turned toward the hills and fields rising in the distance on their left.
“This is the story of fair Hregal Duront of the Ture folk,” he started. “A proud race they were, the first men to settle the Westfields. Tall and straight of limb; grim and stern were their aspects. They built their castle on the western plain, within sight of the White Gates and the peaks of the Graith Falror. From the stones of those mountains, they raised the battlements and walls of Tar Delanon. Some called it the Isle of Stone for there it sat amid the vast sea of grass. And there they prospered while the land was at peace. They welcomed travelers and traded in the live stock that grew fat off these fields.
Hregal Duront was the most valiant of the Ture, and High Sentinel of their lands. He and his followers guarded their borders and ever did they turn back those that would steal from their people. Many were the battles they fought to keep the trolls and ogres and Kilmarak from plundering their corner of the Westfields. Ever victorious were they, and the halls of Tar Delanon rang with the songs of their brave deeds.
Until the trolls grew discontent to watch their neighbors to the south become so wealthy and prosperous and swore to drive the Ture out. They came not like single drops of rain any more, but as raging torrents to wash away all signs of the Ture and to claim the fertile lands even though trolls do no farming or husbandry. Faced with a host of trolls almost uncountable, Hregal Duront and his proud warriors were driven back to their Isle of Stone, leaving some of their numbers fallen in their wake, and a goodly number of dead trolls as well. But they could not withstand the numbers that came against them, and finally, wearied beyond support, they made their way back into the castle. It seemed dead trolls had followed them right to their gates.
All the people fled their outer villages; the doors were barred. The Ture were safe for the time being in their castle. Hregal and his men regained their strength though their numbers had dwindled somewhat, and still the trolls came. They followed the trail of dead that Hregal and his men had made and came against the castle like an avalanche out of the mountains. Many died, but so too did the men of Ture, until all but Hregal had fallen. Between the heaves of the storm of violence, he saw all of his friends and family lain around him and he wept. When his tears were ended, he took up his sword again and the fallen king’s mighty shield that had been splintered, for even that noble person had skill at arms and fought to preserve his country. Notched was Hregal’s sword from the many blows he’d given and taken on the edge of that blade.
Carrying his weapons, he went to the center dais of the king’s open court and beneath the sundering skies issued a final challenge to the trolls. Such was the cost of the trolls in their victory that they were prepared to go, leaving Tar Delanon in ruin. But Hregal Duront would not let them leave him to live alone in that ruin. He called them women and such insults that the trolls’ fire was rekindled and great was the press that came upon him. Greater was the fire of Hregal Duront and he swept from the dais all that approached. Many were the arrows that flew to where he stood until his shield was prickly as a porcupine.
He cried his rage. The trolls cried their despair and frustration. Desperately they pressed again and again and each time more of their number fell until the steps and the ground all round the dais was littered with their dying. Arrows continued to fly either wide of their mark or into the shield until an arrow slid through the splinter of the shield and smote him in his chest. Still, he battled on, but weakened. The trolls attacked again and still he fended them off, but his blood was staining the dais and the trolls sensed their victory at last.
In the last press, Hregal’s sword, notched like the teeth of an allidile, was finally broken and he was thrown from the dais. But the cost to the trolls was great. Bloodlines among them ended forever on that day. Most of the host that entered Tar Delanon fell and there were much fewer of them living than there were dead. The trolls do not sing of this victory for such was not theirs to claim. Although they defeated the Ture, many more trolls died than men.
The trolls will not stay at Tar Delanon for it is said they can still hear the echoes of Hregal’s voice calling to them to come and fight, chastising them as women. They have since burned all that would burn within Tar Delanon, but the stone walls stand as immovable as ever. If ever they enter now, it is to befoul the stone dais that stands to this day in the center of the king’s court, a reminder of their shame.”
Damantan walked alongside his friend. His face was grim with grief for the valor of the noble Ture that had been lost. “My people do not speak of this story,” he said.
“It is not an elf story; it is a human story from before the elves migrated so far north. My father told it to me, one of many stories that his people had kept written on paper for their descendents to see and hear. My father’s people do not have the voices to sing such tales as the elves have, else you may have heard it sung.”
“You remember your father?”
“Only some of the stories he told.”  Kamafial said. “I used to remember more of him, but so many years have gone by. He died when I was still young, nearly four hundred years ago.”
“You have the elfin blood that gives you your long life. It is sad that you are suspect among my kin.”
“Yes, it is, but I will do their bidding. Let us run for a bit, as I have much to think on and would have my muscles working while I do so.”

Chapter 24: Two Feints

Halisill stood on the soft bank of the Silwing clutching his cloak to his throat. The air had been steadily growing colder, but here by the riverside, the water seemed to drag the temperature down another few degrees. He could feel the soft mud closing around his soft boots.
The water swirled by at his feet chilling him further. It was a milky green color that reminded him of spring despite the wintry air. Upstream, where the water pooled and grew deep, the rings of rising fish rolled across the surface. He watched fallen leaves floating past as he waited. The sound of the water dripping along and the wind through the trees, as ever, pleased him and gave him an irreplaceable sense of home and safety. Around him, hidden in their earthy cloaks, were a score of his kin armed with their bows. Each carried a pair of long knives for close work; a precaution Halisill hoped would be unnecessary. Scouts had reported that Gristlelip and his small host of goblins would reach the Plantrill Ford within the hour. They’d also reported that the goblin scouts had all fallen and that Gristlelip was coming to this place blind of any knowledge about the force that would meet him. Halisill made his point to be prominent when the goblins came into view. He would appear confident before them and have them believe that he had many more elves behind him than there were.
He knew they meant to feint at this place.
Beyond the bend in the river upstream, Melisill and several hundreds of elves remained unseen in the brush. Clad as they were in the greenish brown of the autumn forest, they would be hard to see until it was too late. Or so Halisill was hoping. He was at a loss about what to expect from the larger host of the goblins under the direction of the strange humans and the bands of trolls that came without apparent reason. Too much distance and time separated them from the trolls. Old wounds should have been well healed and forgotten, but the scouts reported that the company of trolls was growing as each successive returning scout reported their numbers larger than the last.
But he was satisfied. Their time had been well spent. Not a path near Culuchial’s Falls was without unseen stout vines strung across it to trip those that would rush into Fridia. Other paths were blocked with fierce nettles and long, thorny branches to direct the invaders t to places of the elves’ choosing where the elves were concentrated and protected. Not an archer was without a plentiful supply of shafts and a cleared path for a hasty retreat when the need arose. The need, he was certain, would arise since the number of enemies increased with every report.
The trees, he thought, would bear the brunt of the storm to come, and he was saddened by their loss. If the elves should have to leave their lands, the trees would suffer the most. There was no reckoning for how much the goblins hated things green. Some trees had already suffered, as the last scout to cross the river reported that the larger force had pulled several trees up from their roots and dragged their woody carcasses through the forest, tearing up the smaller plants and destroying seedlings. These downed trees were to be thrown across the river as makeshift bridges it was believed. Halisill wished briefly that he’d had the power to speak the water language and so direct the river to rise up and wash away the bridges and all that would try to cross them.
His reverie was broken by the host that assembled on the far bank. Small they seemed, in stature and in number. They were fewer than had been predicted. Perhaps the Pastiloch has claimed more of them, he thought. Or maybe some have steered aside their course to join the host that waits upstream.
They were still as runty as Halisill remembered, shrunken from their long centuries of living on their barren lands and eating Skies alone knew what carrion or weedy bitter plants. The few times he’d seen Gristlelip in the past, he’d guessed that the goblin leader was no taller than Halisill’s shoulders. The goblin leader came forward.
“Hail, Halisill,” he croaked. The centuries of command over his rude people left him without any softness of voice although he tried to achieve a civil manner. He spoke his own tongue, a language that was not so terribly far from the elfish speech. Halisill had little trouble understanding him.
Beside the old goblin were his two remaining sons, Rodentooth and Maggothair, the last of many that the lecherous old villain had sired. Ever the least ambitious of Gristlelip’s brood, they’d been allowed to survive where many of their brothers had been strangled for fear of taking the rusty iron scepter of rule away from their father. Halisill knew that their lack of ambition made them no less vicious over their victims. He felt pity to think of any to fall under their power.
“You are far from home!”  Halisill called, pitching his voice as if to suggest his concern that the goblins might have been lost, a friendly tone that expressed anxiety over a dear friend’s fate.
“We are very near to home!  Ever have you dwelt in the land of our ancestors!  We would take it back, but that you have so despoiled it.”  He looked disgusted at the beauty of the trees and spat into the river.
“What are you about then?  If you do not wish to have it back from us, what is your purpose in coming so far from your own lands?”
“You know our purpose!  Some time ago, a boat came into our lands that was intended for us to receive. But this water never brought it into our shores and it was swept past us. No doubt it has been caught up by now in that cursed tree of yours, and we would have you give it back to us.”  He spat again, befouling the beautiful green water.
Halisill looked across the river as if contemplating surrendering the skiff to his foes. Gristlelip was older and fouler than Halisill ever thought that a goblin could be. The wrinkles on the goblin’s face bunched into crooked disjointed lines like random scars on a chopping block. Black pig eyes glared out from beneath a brutish forehead that was thrust forward, an evil, greedy, bullying kind of forehead. The short body was bloated, and Halisill refused to contemplate what manner of feasting had so grossly swelled those guts. The arms and legs were thin, even beneath the dirty, crusted armor. The armor was of such poor repair that great gaping holes showed where the rings had been allowed to rust and fall off. A faint glimmering of gold threaded its way across the blue-black helmet atop that scurrilous head.
“Your lies become you!” Halisill said and laughed. “No race in all of Nor Garnot would surrender this prize to you, let alone give it to you. If it was intended for you to receive, what wickedness have you done to merit such payment?  No, I think it was intended for us to receive, and as such, you have no claim to it.”
“I have claim to it!”  A clear, foreign voice called these words in the goblin language. A tall man, unseen behind a veil of trees rode forward. The horse that carried him was of a magnificence never seen along all the borders of Fridia. Not even the proud Glintill horses of the northern kings could match the steed for the breadth of its chest, the glowing power of its limbs, the haughty carriage of its head. 
The rider was no less splendid, arrayed in black armor that glittered like a thousand facets on a kingly jewel. The gauntlets on his hands were crusted in small gems that shone like nocturnal eyes amid the deep black of the worked plate mail. The helmet was plumed with the same color of green as the winged serpent design that adorned a large shield that shined no less than the armor and was tied behind the saddle. A plain long sword hung from his belt. The sword, despite its lack of ornamentation, was even more impressive for the radiance of the blade. The pale sunlight of the afternoon seemed reflected back tenfold from the white-silver metal. The beaver of the helmet was up and the man’s face was stern. Very warlike was the visage that peered out of the lustrous helm. His dark eyes looked as if they could by turns be ruthlessly cruel and soothingly compassionate. The face was a marked contrast to that of the goblin, seemingly without age as if nothing had ever troubled the man’s noble brow.
He stepped from his saddle and it seemed that the goblins all retreated a step away from him.
Halisill, taken aback at the man’s presence, regained his purpose. “What claim do you make to something you have had to chase the long course of the Silwing, across the breadth of the Nor Garnot, and into Fridia, a land that has never suffered your footsteps before this day?
“The claim of ownership. The barge and its contents belong to my people.”
“You lie no better than the poor cur whose nose you have followed on this long chase. The gilded skiff is of the Thesilins, and you are no Thesilin. The dead king within, Thaufwaer the Sane, was Thesilin, and again you are no Thesilin. I know not whence you’ve come, but you will depart with your hands as empty as you brought them.”
“Thesilia belongs to my people. Our armies march against its walls even now. Therefore, all that is Thesilin is ours.”
“Do you see so far that you know its fate already?  Thesilia is counted among the strongest realms of the north. Do you count victories before they are won?  You would count a victory here before the first sword stroke fell or the first bow was bent. Do you claim all things within Thesilia as your own simply because they are there?  By your standard, the barge is ours as it is within our borders. Therefore I say begone. You have no claim.”
The dark eyes of the man glowered within the helm. “You do not know of power and strength. What we are not given, we take. That then is the claim you would do well to honor.”
“You would speak of honor when you travel with goblins, a race that has been without that virtue these many centuries!  Let me speak again with Gristlelip; he at least has a voice that would match his intentions. You speak of victories and claims and honor and have none of them. You appear as a noble man, yet you make boasts. At least the lies of Gristlelip do not contradict his appearance. Begone, I say.”
The man clenched his hands in aggravation and turned to the diminutive leader of the goblins. He kept his voice low, unaware of the keen abilities of Halisill. Even over the murmur of the water and the distance to the far shore, he could discern the single sentence that the man uttered. “Keep him talking.”  The man turned away then and climbed back on his horse. “We will have nothing more to say then until you are brought before me in chains!  Then I will have you answer for all that you’ve spoken.”
Halisill laughed despite his misgivings. The man glared at him from atop his majestic steed, but deigned to speak no further. Halisill refused to meet his eyes again and turned his attention to the goblin king who had come to the very edge of the water.
“You’ve insulted me when I’ve only come seeking a peaceful end to this business. You call me a name that is not my own. You admit that the land was once ours. Let us have the barge and all that was in it, and we will consider that matter settled. This is but a token of the number that follows along our trail, but I can turn them aside at a word. They would march straight home if you but surrender the boat. You will never again find my people crossing your borders if you do this and I will consider your insults. . . the result of . . . of a mind made distracted by peril.”  The goblin laughed, a vulgar sound that even the trees would have shut out if they were capable. His sons laughed as well until he snarled at them.
“Good speech. You have learned your lines well. Like a lowly magpie, you echo what you’ve been told. But you have much to learn about peril, magpie. Crawl back to the hole from whence you’ve come and take your treacherous whelps and your villainous pet with you. Neither you nor the serpent you’ve brought will find any welcome other than the sharp ends of arrows and knives. Let your maggoty offspring run to whatever dark place will take them.”
Gristlelip gave up his pretenses of civility. “You and your forest scum will die painful deaths and we will take what we want. We will take what we want. And know this:  your lands and your beloved trees will burn where they stand after we’ve hacked every limb from them. And your children will suffer for our sport until they cry for death.”  The voice croaked and growled and spittle flew from the mangled lips.
“So the king of filth shows his colors now. In this you should follow the example of your pet and become silent. Take your threats home and use them on your children; they may become frightened by them. Our discussion is at an end. Begone with your foul company.”
Halisill turned his back to the goblin host and started to climb through the soft mud of the bank. Let them think him confident with a mighty host of elves there in the woods around this crossing. They would not dare to attack, believing his numbers that much greater. They had only to believe that the elves were massed there and distracted by this encounter to begin their invasion upstream. There they would be surprised to find that they were expected.
But the shock was Halisill’s. The stone that struck him as he began his climb had been aimed at his head. Stepping upward, the rock hit him between his shoulder blades, a great jarring blow that knocked him from his feet. He rolled to avoid another strike and felt the brutal pain of the initial attack; a great bruise was already rising next to his spine. The armor he wore beneath his cloak was thin, worn only because Melisill had insisted that he wear some protection while speaking. Halisill had scoffed at the idea that the goblins would offer any violence downstream. He grunted now at the pain of his folly.
He turned expecting to see the feint begin, a half-hearted charge across the shallows of the river, but the goblins still stood on the other side. The man had jumped from his horse and raised his sword to strike down he that had slung the stone, but already the goblin lay on the bank, a dozen arrows standing up in his chest.
Gristlelip fell to his knees near the body. Halisill suspected that the foul old king might actually weep for his son, but was horrified when the dirty claws closed into fists and the fists began to strike the limp, round head. The thuds of those bony knuckles against the hard bones and skull carried across the water. Even after the helmet came off, the blows continued to land until Gristlelip’s fury was spent and he rose with a helmet identical to his own clutched between his hands. “Never were you fit to wear this!” the goblin king shouted down at the corpse. He turned to his remaining son. “When this is over, melt this down and be sure the gold goes back into my hoard.”
He turned back to see Halisill struggling to his feet and up the soft bank. “So you’re not dead. Yet. Know this. Every living thing in this land will die.”  He spat a final time into the river, kicked the corpse of his son, and trudged back into the trees.

Chapter 25: Scaling the Aggar Hront

The sun seemed to rest atop the wall as Mercer approached. Already the cold of night gnawed at him as he faced into the west wind. All day he’d traveled, clinging to the hem of the woods, his eyes constantly turned outward for any sign of a rider. Once he stepped into the wood as a small cloud of dust rose in the distance. He crouched among tall weeds and thistles as a detachment from the western wall clopped their horses to the east. They passed well away to the north, intent on their destination. None turned their gaze in search of a fugitive. They rode with haste, their eyes looking forward to the road and the defense of Thesilia. Still, Mercer hid himself lest any should part from the group. Of the rider wearing the threadbare red cloak, there was no sign.
The wall stretched toward the horizon, both north and south. A half mile of open fields separated the last wood from its stony white sides. Mercer watched for a sign of any watcher or the remnants of the western guard. No doubt their last orders were probably to detain anybody attempting to leave and to prohibit any to enter, Mercer thought as he waited for some movement. But all about the wall was still, the gate closed. 
With a last furtive look at the roads and the distant fields, Mercer stepped from the woods and hastened his way to the long shadows reaching out to him as the sun sank behind the wall. A sigh of relief escaped his lips when he felt the cold stones in his hands and no voice had issued a command to halt. He crept to the gate, his ears attentive to any sound, but only the early night birds and the wind keening between the battlements rose into the air as the daylight faded.
The gate was secured with chains and bars, the removal of which could only be accomplished with a key. Hopeless gloom creased Mercer’s face as he looked at the heavy locks. They were huge and complicated looking. The blade of the dagger fit into the key hole, but could find no purchase on any of the cogs within. He withdrew the blade fearful that too much effort would break the tip. The levered end of the nutcracker fit within the lock but refused to turn in either direction. He gave up and began to look for a way into the barracks and other buildings, but found all similarly locked.
He turned his attention to the tower. No door prohibited entry; an open portal gave entrance. The ground level was walled all around and a short circular stone stairway led to a guard room level with the top of the wall. Mercer gave this room the briefest of looks before climbing further. A flight of wooden stairs led to the highest reaches of the tower where watchers could see the miles of farmland stretching away to the east and the vast broken lands of the Sevenfolds in the west. He paused at the top. In the west, it was as if the sun had suddenly sprung back over the horizon, and the landscape, lightly dusted with fresh snow, was bathed in a rosy red light. This would be beautiful were it not that I have to go that way, Mercer thought. He looked at the roads leading away westward and found none to his liking. The Sevenfolds, though rough and tumbled with canyons and plateaus, was open country. No plant within sight seemed to grow any higher than his waist, though the distance and light made measuring tricky. He gazed a few moments longer until the light was nearly extinguished and turned his focus back on Thesilia. 
Will I ever see it as it was, he wondered. There had been little to fear in his homeland for the last decade until the arrival of the men from across the sea who sought the king’s narrow crown. Not for the first time, the thought of his master crossed his mind and he wished their paths had been the same. Hrulen had said that the old half-elf had fled with the princess to the north and east although the Schill hadn’t shared their destination with the captain. Mercer could think of no place in that direction that wasn’t cold and unwelcoming. He worried for his master and the young princess, but decided his worries were for naught; he knew the Schill had other plans that Mercer was better not knowing, at least until they came to fruition. If that included enduring the cold of the north well beyond the new king’s attention, then so be it.
His reverie was interrupted by dark shapes on horseback clearing the distant line of trees. The shadows had grown long and the land was bathed in the palest gray light, but he could see that the riders were focusing on the edges of the woods. Mercer ducked and crept to a corner of the tower. He peered from the shadows at the riders. Both wore long cloaks, but in the poor light, he couldn’t tell if either wore the faded red of the hunter he’d seen before. The two riders walked their horses, one on either side of the road, their gazes turning this way and that as they looked at each opening in the trees and scanned the edges of the fields.
From his high vantage point, he could little hear what either of the men said to the other, but he saw that they’d turned and prompted their horses to move more quickly. To his dismay, he saw them ride directly toward the gate. With little time, he descended the stair and scurried onto the ramparts of the wall. Keeping low he shuffled along until several hundred strides separated him from the guard room. The voices of the riders became plain and he crept back some little distance until he could hear their speech clearly. One complained of long hours sitting in the saddle and having to sleep on the ground.
“At least you’re out of the wind,” the other said, his voice dismissive. “We have to follow him into the Sevenfolds, you’ll complain about more than where you sit and sleep.”
“Not if we catch up with him sooner.”
“We’ll catch up with him. He’s around here somewhere, that’s plain. Every track I’ve seen has come westward. I don’t imagine he’ll turn aside either. North is no good with winter breathing down our necks, and nobody goes into Murkhiil if they can help it. I say we wait here a day or two. He may tarry, but this is his destination, sure. He comes along, you can wring his neck as long as he’s got the sword.”
“I’ll do more than wring his neck for him. Twice I’ve seen him, and twice he’s given me the slip, and the fool didn’t even know I was about.”
“That’s your incompetence. I wouldn’t brag about such.”
“I’m not bragging; I’m just tired of sleeping in this cold cell, eating lousy camp food, sitting stiff in the saddle, and dealing with his dumb luck. Besides, you’re the one that trailed that soldier to that rotten cottage. If you hadn’t been afraid of him, you would have known the boy was there, and we’d have the sword by now and be halfway back to our reward.”
“Watch your tongue, fool. I’d not tangle with a solder, especially one that had friends about as this one had. In case you hadn’t noticed, there were two others nosing around, no doubt searching for what we seek. And these weren’t farm boys come home for their leave, but regular soldiers. You didn’t see the rents in his shield; it was well used. I was close enough once to determine that. I’d rather not let them know what we were up to as they’d no doubt take the boy and the sword, and where would we be then?”
“We’d be some armor, swords, and a few horses richer.”
“You are the brave fool. But every soldier in Thesilia is going back to the keep. Why would we want to risk drawing their attention. As long as they’ve not caught him and dragged him back, he’s ours for the taking. And they’ve not caught him. I tell you he’s still around, so if you can survive another night or two of cold sleep and rotten meals and another day or two of the saddle, you’ll be rich.”
“I want to be richer. The king needs to double his price, and he will if he wants to see his prize again.”
Mercer risked a glance over the merlons at the open door. Sparks showered into a small pile of straw and tinder. In the low light, he could just make out the faded red of a cloak. The man knelt by a fire and stretched his hands over the low flames.
“Richer, I say! Or we needn’t return him his sword at all,” the man continued as he shifted away from the fire and dug into a pack. He pulled out a sack. Mercer saw the hand of the other rider pass a cook-pan into the light.
“And how do you propose to tell him he must pay more?  Or that we needn’t return him his sword at all. Do you think he’ll let you walk away? No. For my part, I hope he will honor the payment he has offered. From what the soldiers are saying, it may be a while before he’s prepared to receive us. War is coming. Skies, but there may be no king to buy the sword.”
“Then we’ll sell to his enemies.”
“Fool again, I say. They’ve come to take what the king wouldn’t surrender willingly. And you propose to sell something to them? Do you think an army would bandy words with us should we show up with this prize? My hope is that the king will pay, but I have no hope that invaders would do other than take. But this may all be meaningless. Even now those soldiers that make haste back to the keep worry they’ll be too late to save it. I say again: I hope there is still a king to pay us for it.”
Mercer listened moments longer, but the conversation turned to their meal and how far from the wall they would scout the following day. He had no intention of being within their proposed borders. As their fire burned low, he slipped into the night, following along the top of the wall southward until a narrow stairway led down to empty fields. He walked through the night, only retreating back to the woods when the sun began to add color to the day. Each evening when the shadows lengthened he dared to walk into the open air and made good time. He found what he sought on the third day.
The southernmost gate of the Aggar Hront had long been closed with no guard since it was believed that no guard was necessary. The deep forests and vast openness of the Murkhiil Plains on that border belonged to none. Great was this swath of land that stretched from the woody havens of the brown elves of the east in Graith Mulror to the southern slopes of the mountain homes of the gray elves in Graith Falror in the west, and bordered in the north by the watery depths of the Lost Petals River before it bent southward near the Pastiloch. The heart of the continent, though some would say the soul of the continent dwelled there also. A land without a lord, it seemed to suffer none. Many had made efforts to tame the land, but all had met with failure. 
The ancient kings from the times long before the Thesilins grew to power had marched armies onto the Murkhiil Plains, intent on creating settlements and expanding their kingdoms. They threw their wealth into the enterprise. Rock was hewn from the mountains and carried to those plains at great expense. The finest seed to be found in the entirety of the Nor Garnot was purchased and sent there to be planted. The most skilled craftsmen among all the countries peopled by men were hired to build an empire. Walls were raised and stood for a time, but soon sank into the earth or crumbled to dust. No foreign seed was sown in that land that did not wither before the first leaves rose to feel the touch of sun. No home of wood was made that the forests did not reclaim. No man from any realm who tried to dwell in those lands was ever heard from again.
The lands were forsaken to the eyes of men, trolls, ogres, and even for a time, the elves. Even the lowliest of races, the goblins, would not scratch for gold under any hill of Murkhiil, for they too had their tales of the land opposing them and swallowing their kin as they delved into that soil. Cursed, was the land thus described. Possessed, others claimed. For many years none would pass its borders. All knowledge of the interior of that great swath was lost.
But the elves, it was said, were the first to venture back into the great plain, the first to trek the pathless woods. Ever was their wont to travel to the lands of their kin. The northern wars of men and trolls and ogres forced them to find a southern route. But their route was ever changing as all traces of their passing disappeared. No trails would be stamped; no cairns would be piled; no bridges would be constructed; only the stars of the ever sweeping firmament, the rising and setting sun, and the rivers could be used for guides. And thus it was that the elves could pass as they tried no alteration to the land. They felt the country welcome them, the soil grow that much softer beneath their feet, the air that much warmer or cooler on their cheeks. And it surrendered up in great abundance what grew there naturally. Immense groves of fruit and nut trees, acres of berry thickets, greens of every description, and streams of sweet water laden with fish waited for those who could find them. The elves said of the land with a bitter laugh that it was a beautiful place to travel through, but not a place to live. Some of the other races learned of this mystery and heeded the words of the elves, but not all.  
It was not always so easy to find the way back out, nor to find the plenty that the land offered. Familiar landmarks would become unfamiliar, groves of luscious fruit would be replaced with dense thickets of briars, open meadows turned to dark, dense forests. Some became lost and never saw the sun rise on their homelands again. 
It was near this edge that Mercer Kihn found himself. He looked across the cold, empty farmlands and the tranquil waters of the Lost Petals River and saw far into the Murkhiil Plains, the great forests and table land. Hawks and other birds wheeled around in the wintry air. A herd of deer roved with their ears and tails twitching almost beyond sight.
The lower gate of the Aggar Hront was a pair of massive doors set between thick stone walls with battlements that had never been manned. The southernmost edge of the wall extended well into the river, taking advantage of that natural barrier. An iron frame had been pounded into the rock and the doors were hung. For fifteen years they had stood closed until rain had rusted the bolts to the hinges. A huge bar of gray wood sagged across the doors, warped by the weather. Iron loops hung above the brace. Summoning all of his strength, Mercer could not lift the bar such was its size and weight. Even if he could have removed the bar, he doubted he would be able to swing either door against the caked rust of the hinges. He could continue to travel south, but the waters would be swift, deep, and cold and the weather was already threatening to grow more forbidding.
A smaller door gave access to a barracks and stairs that led to the battlements, but this too was locked. Still, it was less of a door than the gate itself. He pressed his weight against it but felt not the slightest give. He kicked it a few times until his foot became sore. The wall was too high to scale, the bar too heavy to lift, the door too thoroughly set to break. He sat beside the door and fished a few nuts out of his pack while he considered his plight, relieved to set aside the weighty sword.
He looked at the long burden strapped to the back of the pack making the leather sag. The idea seemed sudden and probably not something the Schill would have wanted him to contemplate, but what else is a sword used for, he thought. He jumped up and pulled the sword from its sheath. He measured his distance to the door and raised the heavy weapon over his head, nearly staggering with the effort. He brought it down as hard as he could and felt the shock of the impact in his hands. He quickly dropped it and put his hands between his thighs waiting for the sudden numbness to pass. His eyes sought out the horizon in all four directions, worry that the loud clash had been heard, but nobody was there to witness his efforts. Hawks still turned their lazy circles in the sky and the deer never even raised their heads from their browse. He felt foolish, but when he turned back to the door, he could see where a rent had been made in the wood. The sword, however, was unaffected. He raised it again and again, his muscles learning to handle the heavy weight, until the door was a series of splinters that he could pull apart. He entered the barracks.
At one end was a store room, but all the provender supplied there had rotted and dried to dust. Wine barrels rested on shelves, but when he opened them, he found that the vintage had all evaporated or turned to vinegar. Next to the pantry, an arms room full of cobwebs collected the years’ worth of stale air. Longbows and quivers hung from pegs on the walls; a rack of swords squatted in a corner; a wooden bin of helmets and gauntlets wore a coat of dust. My burdens are heavy enough already, he thought, but pulled a small hauberk from another chest and put it on under his cloak. The sense of weightiness that he felt gave him heart for his journey and he felt taller there in the dim armory. He pulled a bow and a quiver from pegs and draped them over his shoulder and turned to the stairs. At the top, the day seemed brighter than he remembered. He strapped the sword to his hip as he surveyed the southern range of the Sevenfolds. With the cloak open, the dull gleam of the ring mail showing, the bow and arrows hanging from his back, and his hand resting on the sword’s hilt, he wished there’d been a mirror nearby to see his warlike attire. In none of his imaginings had he ever felt more deadly.
He laughed at himself and set about finding a way to climb down from his high perch. The land beyond seemed empty, so he had no immediate worries about descending into trouble. A further search of the supply and arms rooms gave him some old harnesses and lengths of chain, and he realized the folly of ever thinking to pull those doors open; the harness was for an oxen team to pull the doors in, and the hooks on the ends of the chains fitted perfectly over the iron loops on the doors. He dragged it all up to the battlements, wrapped the harness around a merlon, and attaching the chain through metal hasps, let it fall over the edge of the wall. It did not quite reach the bottom, but it was close enough.
He sat a few moments and enjoyed the rest of the light meal he’d begun before his brainstorm hit. The sun was warm on his face and he welcomed it knowing that winter had arrived and colder days were ahead. Breezes played over the empty fields and he could see the tops of the weeds blowing sideways in this forgotten bottom corner of Thesilia. At the Schill’s urging, the fields would lay fallow for another year, and then this place would be peopled again, and their crops that much better. Thought of the Schill made him lonely and he wondered where the old man had gone and what could have pulled him into the frigid north. He brushed these thoughts aside and gave his attention to getting down from the wall.
The harness held the combined weight of him, his baggage, and the chain with little problem, but the drop seemed further than his first estimate. He lowered himself over the side and felt the harsh pull of gravity trying to drag the pack from his shoulders. The mail shirt he wore felt much heavier without his two feet on solid ground. The sword would need to be retied to the pack and everything would need to be tightened, he thought, if he were going to make any kind of good time. 
But first, this wall. He allowed the pack to slip from his shoulders and heard it hit the ground with a sharp thud. The tip of the sword had dug into the ground and thrown up a little clod of dirt when the pack rolled. That tip now pointed skyward, directly below where Mercer still clung to the chain. This would be a fine time for somebody to come along, he thought. Now while I hang here, held at bay by the unmanned sword that is supposed to be in my charge. He felt his face flush red. He kicked his feet against the stone and allowed himself to swing in a wide arc, left and right, until he was confident that he’d fall wide enough of the sword tip to avoid hurting himself. At the apex of his swing to the right, he let go and fell hard on his feet and then his back. He heard what sounded like the snap of bone, but felt no pain. He waited a moment, looking up at the drifting clouds, and realized that the bow he slung on his shoulder was now useless. He thanked the skies not to have been punctured by the quiver of arrows.
He adjusted the pack, tightening everything in place, the sword once more tied to the coverlet straps. He threw the quiver of arrows back over the wall, and turned toward the west once more. The sun was still warm across his brow, but he could see in the distance, a line of purple gray clouds banked like mountains over the crest of the land. The grass of the southernmost plateau of the Sevenfolds loomed away to the north, no more welcoming than the clouds. The grass was dried out, dead, as if some contagion had breathed on it and it had only just withered. To his left, the grass still had a greenish tint where the ground retained some moisture from the river. 
Hrulen Recht had said to go to the bridge at Torn; that all roads would lead that way. Mercer considered that if he stayed along the river, the way would be longer, but if he could avoid going among the wide plateaus and open country of the Sevenfolds, especially into the dark canyons between each monolithic abutment, it would be worth it. He didn’t favor venturing into the Murkhiil Plains; what child of the frontier farmlands of Thesilia hadn’t heard about the land that swallowed people? The Schill always said one could survive Murkhiil as long he didn’t try to change it, but he’d never sounded particularly reassuring. The land looked no more threatening than the rugged troll country, and the greenery along the river may provide some degree of shelter, Mercer reasoned. He didn’t intend to spend any time within the plains and certainly had no intention of changing any of it. He set out in a southwesterly line, intent on following the river until the Ter’ran Hump forced his trail to go northward.

Chapter 26: Murkhiil

The river sparkled green between its banks. On the far side, a stand of towering pine trees stood like spears aimed at the sun. The ground beneath had an inviting look to it. Dirt was mounded around the base of each tree making clear pathways between the trunks. The paths were paved with fallen needles. It looked dim, yet homey; wild, yet sheltered. Mercer stared it at for only a few brief seconds before his mind was made up. He felt agitated that there was no bridge or ford to be found right at his feet. But of course, nothing that didn’t occur naturally in the land was suffered to exist there. He paced the banks looking for a shallow spot to wade across, frustrated that the weight of all he carried wouldn’t allow him to swim and that the weather was too cold anyway. Downstream he finally found what he sought. Large rounded stones rose above the water randomly organized to provide a circuitous route from one bank to the other. What he could have crossed in one hundred straight paces would take much longer but determination ruled his mind. He made the first jump, skipped to a pair of smaller rocks, scrambled on top of another, and slowly made his way now upstream, now downstream until he made it across the Lost Petals without feeling the slightest drop of water from the river.
The pines were majestic from directly below. They rose straight up into the sky. Their top branches entwined and blocked the fading day from the floor so far below. The light that came in was soft and green-hued, and smelled of rich autumn flavors. He let the pack slide from his shoulders and sighed as the weight fell off. The lanes between the trees ran straight into a deeper wood, a place dark and mysterious. He felt unreasonably happy as he wandered between the trunks, his feet making no sound. The air was still and close, warm after the cooling breezes of the fading afternoon. He breathed deeply and returned to the pack.
He considered a fire until he heard the voices. These were the same voices, he realized, that had drawn him to this wood, that whispered of rest and ease. They came upon him softly like the thoughts that spring from daydreams. He was neither frightened nor troubled by the sound, but soothed by the cadence of the words. And words they were, of a language never heard, a language he was sure that not even the Schill had heard before in all his days of listening to the speech of the world. For surely, the Schill would have noted these voices, their beauty and luminous warmth. Mercer felt wearied, but not the bone tiredness of days of toil. This was the lazy weariness of a day spent idly. Without meaning to, he closed his eyes and slept.
He woke suddenly into the green light of the trees. Across the river he could see that it was a bright clear day that had dawned and the sun was already climbing toward the apex of its journey across the sky. The dreams of the night had fled and he remembered none of them save a face:  blue green eyes framed by golden lashes; a strong high forehead with only the faintest worry lines dribbled between pale temples; a sharp commanding nose with only the slightest trace of a hook; heavy, full lips that smiled easily and invited intimacy; the chin was proud, flowing upward in delicate lines to soft cheeks. She’d seemed familiar yet distant, and he didn’t know if it was a long hidden memory or some prescient vision that had recurred throughout the long hours he’d slumbered. He could think of no one whose beauty rivaled the face of his dreams.
The pack was where it had fallen, but he felt no hunger or thirst and slung it back over his shoulder as if it were merely a knapsack with a picnic lunch. His heart was lightened to think of it. He began to whistle and the tune that came was the song of the wood. No sour note passed his lips as he danced amid the trees for reasons completely unknown to him; he couldn’t have explained. He scampered and gamboled to the edge of the forest with a nameless love shuffling through his body and limbs and all felt electrified. Taking the sword from its scabbard, he swung it as a warrior would, feeling loose and confident as he slashed and stabbed imaginary foes. He felt that he could have held the heavy sword aloft the day through, such was the power of this feeling, this love, that he’d not felt before. He felt it sustain him as he walked along the banks of the river, reluctant to seek a place to cross over and resume the course he’d set for himself.
Over the course of a week he proceeded thus, stopping at dusk and sheltering in the nearest groves, silver spruce and rikel fir and a cave-like clump of lallo juniper. Each hollow in the trees was filled with the close air, neither hot nor cold, as if the rays of spring or autumn had been captured there. Winter arrived and dumped the first real snowfall across the land, a heavy, wet snow that hindered him not in the least. The track he followed next to the river seemed always packed, the footing sure and unharried.
 Across the river, the snow seemed forbiddingly deep and unbroken. Thick flurries occupied much of the air and the spare tops of the grasses fluttered ceaselessly in the wind. Occasional gusts sent ripples against the flow of the water. Ice seemed to form around the stones lining the northern bank. He looked daily and turned his back to the weather, seeking the more temperate thickets and copses of Murkhiil.
Always now the song was sung and he added his own whispery voice to the words though he’d no idea what their meaning was. He found other groves and thickets of fruit. Though October was past, his steps took him near an apple grove, thick frosty snow creating a white mane on each golden red blossom, but the fruit was still sweet and crisp when he bit into it.
But the seventh day, the way became blocked. The Lost Petals River branched, one arm going southward, deeper into the Murkhiil Plains and the other continuing its westward journey until the southern foothills of Graith Falror bent it to the south toward the fens of the Pastiloch and the lands beyond. Away across the two arms of the river, the slopes of the Sevenfolds appeared less threatening in their white mantles, but still the shadowy places between the uplands, the folds themselves, seemed filled with menace. In his week of travel, he hadn’t seen any living person and felt as if the world was untouched by the hand of any race. Even the first three of the folds that eased past to the north seemed deserted. The birds and animals of Murkhiil could still be viewed from afar, seldom coming near the slow green turns of the river. Now he could feel the nearness of the other world as he came to perceive it, with its other races and their works. He imagined he could even see a line of smoke curling into the wintry sky out of the nearest fold. The prospect of delivering himself into other hands disturbed him.
But he had a task to do. But if that task was only to keep the sword from the usurper’s hands, I can do that here, Mercer thought. Nobody in memory dared disturb Murkhiil and he felt he could stay forever and only the passage of time would mark his absence from the world. Nobody would find him here. But the Schill relied on him; others waited for him; and the sword, he was sure, was destined for other hands.
With reluctance, he sought out a passage over the water and felt the weight of his load pulling at shoulders that seemed unburdened only minutes before. The stones offered no dry passage, most sinking to just below the surface. He waded through freezing shallows and clusters of rocks that gave respite from the dragging current. He could still hear the voices singing their indelible melody, but the voices faded more and more with each step he took away from those shores. On the snowy slopes of the Sevenfolds, the singing ended abruptly and he wept as a lost lover when he tried to recall the tune and the strange words and remembered not a single note or syllable.

Chapter 27: The Vale of the Diyani

The last ascent was behind them. From this the lowest pass over the Graith Minore, they could see the long forested country of eastern Thesilia filling with snow. White poplars drew faint lines on the white sea unbroken by any wave or footprint save those of their horses. Every branch and twig  was adorned with a mounding crown of snow that glittered in the morning sun. 
The Schill rubbed the nuzzle of his animal and regretted not giving it a name as it had carried him well. He hadn’t thought to ask Hrulen what the animals were called assuming that such work-worn beasts hadn’t been bidden to do anything but pull plows or carry packs, tasks hardly worthy of a noble epithet. Now that they were nearing the end of this journey, he decided not to trouble the poor beasts with names for he would soon turn them loose to run as free as they would or to return to their masters at the Theliant. The princess gave him a questioning look as he took the harness from his animal.
“We will continue on foot; the Diyani would not suffer an animal to be ridden, such is their empathy for the living. You needn’t worry, they’ll find such shelter and feed as there is back along our trail. They are a smart old pair of horses.”
She followed his example and pulled the harness from her own horse, patting the long neck and tracing her fingers through the mane. “Thank you,” she said, and scratched the long jaw line. The horse flicked its head, took a step back, and seemed to bow.
“A good sign!” the Schill cried. He laughed as the princess curtsied in return.
Ahead was the last hollowed pass, already filling with deep drifts. Clovisill could hear water running from somewhere beneath the packed snow, some melt water stream or perhaps a spring that gushed from the rocks above. High on either side of the pass, craggy rocks rose toward sheer pinnacles of blue stone showing through where the wind had brushed aside the snow. The air about the pinnacles had a vibrant quality as if the purity of the falling snow scoured away any dead air. The Schill had no doubt that from the tops of those peaks he could have looked away back to the southwest and seen the heavy walls of the Theliant, massive and impenetrable. But not insurmountable, he thought grimly.
“I should like to scale those summits some day,” he said more to himself than to his companion. Then, aware that he had spoken aloud he pointed at the pinnacles and added, “What gleaning of the world I should have there. How many unheard voices would resound among those peaks must be beyond reckoning.”  He turned to the princess. “There are many more peoples in the world than we count in the Nor Garnot. There are even some here in this continent that we haven’t measured.”
“Such as?”
“There are the dwarves of the Dim Nochlar, older than the race of men. They make their homes in the deeper mines at the top of the world, deeper than the dwarves of the Purgis Lash. And the Dand Mot people, the tall dwarves, though there are some who would call them men. They too live in the extremes of the north but are not counted among the denizens of the Nor Garnot. These people that we seek out now would not be called if ever there were another race council; most people don’t believe that they yet exist if they ever believed at all.”
“What do you know of the Diyani?”
“Little enough. I know that they still are, and of course I know the stories that are told of them in the evening around a good fire when the wine butts have been opened and the small ones plead for one last tale before they are chased to their beds. The stories are all sad, but I doubt anybody knows fully why the Diyani have such a tale of woe except obviously the Diyani themselves. Thither do we go so you may have the opportunity to find out from them yourself. A privileged experience I should think, for having withdrawn from the world and passed into the realm of legend, nobody seeks them out any more.”
“How will we be accepted?”
“I don’t know,” Clovisill answered truthfully. For some time that same question had been pushing his other thoughts away. He knew that they were few, a dwindling race. They were beyond scarce, more isolated than his southern kin; disdainful of revealing themselves or the valley on the moonlight side of the mountain that they called home. The other question that constantly nagged at the Schill these days would be whether or not he could find them at all.
Nobody used the passes of the Graith Minore anymore as the land beyond was either rough valleys of constantly frosted soil or the long windswept plains where it was said that men had frozen solid in minutes. However, it was also said that the forlorn race of the Diyani occupied one of the valleys that ran northward away from the divide of the range and that they survived there with little toil. The Schill suspected that their home was east of the last pass, far enough away from the lowest gap in the mountains that the few who ventured through there simply sought to get down out of the high places for their respite.
Looking northward, the snowy plains appeared as a tremendous sheet of ice. Walls of snow rose up, pushed and carried by the wind like vast battering rams. How battered would a man feel to stand in the path of such brutal winter, Clovisill recoiled to think. He turned his attentions to the valleys of the east, the ridges between them rising and falling like the horned scales on a dragon’s back out of some page in the old histories.
Dragons, he scoffed. Whatever their motivation, these Ouros were arrogant and confident and from what Clovisill had heard on the wind, numerous. But they were just men, no more descended from the dragons nor ruled by the dragons than he was.
They began to pick their way down the spine of the first ridge. The wind bit harder once they left the relative shelter of the pass and Clovisill watched the princess pull her cloak that much tighter around her throat. However much of the journey they sought to accomplish this day, he was determined that they would stop on the leeward side of a ridge with a suitable wood supply that she would know some comfort. They had been able to safely build fires ever since their stop at the Dorn Pelnar, but those fires had been small, only big enough to make a hot meal. This night, he would bank wood and make a blaze that would warm them for a long while, and bank more again if they were threatened with cold.
Princess Lisle, he decided, was making a good companion for this journey, although he could still see her brow clouded with the thoughts of her father’s death and her own status as a refugee from what should have been her throne. Still, she’d endured the long ride without complaint. She listened to his advice and asked the important questions, not shrinking from asking him to justify the decisions he was making. She did her part with the cooking and tending their fires, and even brought in food in the way of some late nut-collecting squirrels which she shot with her bow.
“We are supposed to be hunters after all,” she said, and went on to explain that when she was smaller she had trained with bow and arrow and other tools of war. “I know my father loved me,” she said, “but I think he’d have rather had a boy. Perhaps then he would have continued to practice with sword and shield.”
“Perhaps, he would have, but sword and shield couldn’t save him from the attack that was made. But it would have saved you a lot of grief if you’d been male,” Clovisill went on. “Your uncle wouldn’t have dared what he’s done if there had been a male heir to your father’s throne. None would have questioned a son taking the throne immediately after a father’s death, but many would prefer to see a queen come of age or wed first.”
She’d grown quiet at the conclusion of this conversation. She’d spent the rest of the evening wiping the long bow Hrulen had given her and fingering the fletching on the arrows in their quiver. She counted them over and over until Clovisill made her set them aside. “Queens don’t go to battle,” he said.
“I’m not a queen,” she reminded him.
“Not yet, but I still wouldn’t have you engaged in battle. We fight in different ways; we use our heads before we use our hands. Thus did your forefathers learn from my father. I suppose the irony is that battle was the very thing that brought my father among your people, but he turned from it.”
“Because he was a slave?”
“No. Because he was broken. Were it not for his injuries weakening him, he would now be the one leading you into the wilderness. Maybe. He may consider this a fool’s errand.” Clovisill laughed quietly. “Or he might have foreseen your uncle’s treachery and have avoided this trip altogether. In either case, he would have you think before you act, and in this I do as I know he would have done.”
“He sounds almost as disagreeable as you,” Lisle said, but Clovisill could see the smile wrinkling the corners of her mouth.
Night came quickly as they reached the bottom of the first valley which was really more of a hollow; the valleys didn’t stretch out until much further down off the ridges, but Clovisill wanted to avoid the open wind-scoured spaces if he could. Winter was asserting itself in howling fashion down where the ridgelines ended. They sought refuge in a stand of tall, spiny gray trees with thick trunks. Wood from the trees was plentiful all about the floor of the hollow. They built a splendid fire next some large tumbled rocks until the stones were heated enough to rest against and feel warm. They ate a quick meal and settled into a wedge of space between Clovisill’s  healthy crackling fire and the heated stones. High above, the tops of the trees caught the wind and lashed throughout the night. Occasional bare branches fell thudding into the snow and Clovisill threw the limbs into the blaze.
“Tell me about your father.”  Lisle sat within her cloak, her pale face reddened by the heat of the flames.
“My father?”
“Yes. You’ve told me plenty about my father, and his fathers before him, but only a little of your father.”
“I was but a young man when his life ended.”
“So I’d gathered. Do your people not live centuries?”
“Elves live for centuries, yes. My father was several centuries old when he died, but not quite old age for an elf. I, however, am half human, so I don’t know how long this life of mine will last. I expect I have a few hundreds of years to go, provided I don’t freeze first.”
“Or get eaten by a dragon!”
“Or get eaten by a dragon,” he laughed and poked at the fire.
“But you are hundreds of years old yourself already?”
“I am, but I’m beginning to feel like I’m hundreds of years old at times, if you know what I mean. Like the long life of true elves will not be mine. But I cannot complain. I have had an overlong life already by human standards, and I’m not quite ready to wile away my remaining years in the corner of some inn swapping my old tales for an attentive ear and cup of wine.
“Anyway, my father died when I was very young, although to you I would have been considered already old. I was forty-seven when my father died. He’d been a thrall, a slave, for a long time, abused by the ogres that injured him and captured him in a distant battle out on the western plains. His injuries denied him the ability to speak for a long time. The ogres beat him constantly, calling his silence impudence. When your forebears bought him from the ogres, he was greatly diminished, broken as I said before. Though his body was spoiled by such long ill treatment from his barbarous hosts, his mind was still intact. Your ancestors considered him a great prize for his wisdom.
“What I remember about him the most though was his bearing. His years of strength and arms in battle were gone, but he still carried himself as one who knew the weight of a shield, the thrill of a fast steed, the song of sharp metal whistling through air in a fell stroke against foes. I could only imagine how proud and noble he was before he was taken. Your grandfathers may have bought him, mind and body, however broken, but his spirit was still his own. He turned that spirit inward; he would have been reckoned a great thinker by his own kin. Among your people, he seemed magical. I will admit that I allowed your people  to think I had those same ‘magical’ qualities. It was merely wisdom, and that he taught to me. Much more so than the hazards of battle.”
“I would have liked to have known him.”  Lisle’s voice was thoughtful, regretful.
“He had many stories, stories that others would have boasted of their parts in, but he never did such. He and his kin were widely traveled in the Nor Garnot, fought many battles that the elves celebrate in song. Every now and again I hear such things being sung on the wind. Such deeds and adventure that made the most acclaimed soldiers and warriors of the other races envious. Some of the songs have made their way to the languages of men though men often forget them as soon as others take their place. The battle where he was captured was at the Bridge at Torn, where two hundred elves showed their valor against an army of trolls and ogres. 
“They awaited the coming of men from the north, but these men never came. For three days they cast their enemies down but weariness overtook them and the bridge was lost. My father was the last to fall. When he spoke of this, pride was not the emotion that so stirred his voice. He was sorrowful that so many of his kin and other elves had fallen from this world and that he should be the one to see them fall each. His own brother was among those whose voices were lost to the wind, or so he believed for the longest time. In his latter days, he spoke of the voice of his brother, but found it difficult to believe the one voice he heard belonged to his closest kin. He’d seen his brother thrown from the bridge.
“After the elves’ defeat – brought by misplaced faith in the men of the north – the  trolls moved into the Westfields and chased the gray elves to the misty slopes of the Graith Falror where they dwell to this day. The men that lived in the north and those that had settled in the Westfields scattered and avoided the onslaught of the invaders, but only because two hundred elves lasted three days. Had they come at the hour of need, the world should be different.
“That was the last battle my father fought in. He advised your forebears in future battles ever showing them the ways to victory; most without a sword ever being wielded. Those times it came to arms, his strategies never failed. He was awarded helms and swords and honors but they were little to him since he could not wear them onto the fields of battle and no longer wished to. Never would he wear the mantle of leadership comfortably. That was an honor he disdained, that ambition.”
“I should like even more to have known him!”  Lisle seemed almost moved to tears to hear of such valor and selflessness.
“He had many of the qualities your father had; but what father doesn’t appear that way to their children. At least in happier memories. Some of the wounds he suffered at the hands of his enemies never healed. His voice never fully recovered. At times too painful to recall you could see his vitality waning and he would despair over his wrecked condition.”
They fell quiet for a time, each thinking their own thoughts about the men they called father. The Schill was content that it should be so and felt a yawn stretching the corners of his mouth. The pale starlight glowed evenly over the surrounding soft hills of snow and the shadows of the fire danced among the trees. He closed his eyes hoping the princess would be satisfied.
“I think you are much like your father and therefore I do know him in some small manner. Thank you, Clovisill.”
“You remember my name?”  He was startled and looked at her.
“It is the only name for you that I shall ever use again.”
“Hopefully you can use it for years yet, if we don’t freeze before I find our destination. My instincts tell me we are going in the right direction, but I cannot say how much longer or how many more passes and ridges we’ll navigate. My father used to talk of the Diyani as if he knew their home. Perhaps. And perhaps there is something in my memory that I don’t know, but leads me this way. We shall see. For now, though seek warmth and rest, for we are not there yet and the trail may still be long.”
They woke to a pale dawn, the snow not yet blinding in its reflection of the sun’s beams. The stone behind them had grown cold. The fire still smoldered but Clovisill didn’t worry about their line of gray smoke climbing among the tree branches for the sky above was that same color yet. He intended that they should be gone long before the first rays found out this small shelter where they’d spent the night.
The snow clung to their calves as they climbed between ridges. Clovisill cut stout branches to use for walking sticks and they trekked the day through. Lisle seemed oddly pleased to go afoot after so long riding the horses and didn’t seem to mind the weather. The cloaks Hrulen had provided for them appeared to be of poor quality, but they kept the damp of winter out. Clovisill mused that the girl had a taste for adventure:  her father’s daughter.
After many days and ridges, nights and warm fires, they found the valley they sought, except that it wasn’t a valley at all as Clovisill anticipated. Indeed, it was like nothing he expected. It was a long bowl with no outlet carved between high ridges. And it was green; no winter touched this cleft in the mountains. Frigid winds whipped at their cloaks as they stood looking down into this wonder, but the moment they stepped off the ridge, the currents ceased and lazy humid air wafted upward from the green sward. Silvery green trees stood sentinel at either end of the closed dale. Glittering parks dotted the basin floor; tall trees that didn’t know the decline of autumn or the slumber of winter grew in eternal spring. Icy water tumbled in from the face of the mountain looming  overhead to the south, a silvery stream whose gurgling could be heard from high up on this rim. Near this mountain face, they could see the shingled roofs of buildings surrounding a single tower of gleaming white stone and height immeasurable.
Below them small patches of farmlands appeared quilt-like in the distance. The turned soil was a dark, rich loam; the plants growing from it were tall and vibrant. Clovisill doubted that the acreage ever needed a rest for so the whole basin was a dewy green that bespoke of the freshness of April when the rains have washed away the drogginess of winter. The sun, though only throwing some timid heat at the rest of the mountain, reflected sharply from each moisture laden leaf and glanced from the ribbon of water winding past. Within steps of entering this strange amphitheater, the two travelers removed their cloaks. Bees droned nearby, hovering over some wild flower that Clovisill didn’t recognize. The calling and answering of unseen birds lifted from dense thickets that were colorful in their bloom. Scarlet and sunny-orange petals spread wide and released a bouquet sweeter than any wine known to man or elf. Round gray berries grew thick on unknown bushes and weighed down the slender branches till the fruit growing on the bottom skimmed the ground.
Clovisill paused on the long hillside, this unexpected lushness quite wonderful to behold. He took stock of his senses and found that all of them experienced something new and fantastic. But he was alarmed as well. In all the splendor of this perpetual spring, he saw not one person tending to crops, fishing the stream, working around the buildings, or even walking in the beauty of the day. He reminded himself that the Diyani were quite few in these latter years.
“If you still want to see magic,” he told Lisle, “I believe you need look no further.”
“It is magical, and majestic, and somehow sad. For in the midst of this wondrous beauty, I see none of those whom we seek as if somehow all this resplendence has been forsaken.”
“I’ve just noted the same. But come. They must be here, as the crops below cannot achieve such growth without the patient hand of some tender gardener. Let us make our visit to the village there where it clusters around that tower. I suspect that I know what the purpose of that tower would be.”
They descended the hill and found themselves on a worn footpath with green grass creeping along the sides. A low hedge bordered the path. They stopped at a bridge spanning the trickling stream and tasted sweet cool water. Proceeding on, their way wound among trees and fields and presently the tower stood before them. Its white sides rose up above the neighboring trees. The top was not shingled but a carved dome, carved from the mountains. Up close, faint lines of purple and maroon traced their way around the solid tower, swirling ever upward until they were lost in the distant height; the tower rose nearly half as tall as the mountain. As they got closer they could see through the trees a spiral stair of smooth polished stone ascending for the height of ten men before an opening presented itself in the stone. Within the tower, they guessed, the stair continued to wend its way to the top where windows had been hewn out of the rock.
A fountain shot rainbow hued drops into the air near the base of this stair. The stream that tumbled from the mountainside slid into a trough. Through some clever device the water was tossed into the air to glisten but a moment and patter on rocks below before continuing its way through the land.
Near the edge of the trees they finally saw an individual, neither old nor young sitting back against a tree. The cloth was of no material either of them had ever seen before. It shimmered as the drops in the fount did in their brief moments before they plunged back to the streambed. She held a book in her hands, for the two travelers could plainly see that the person was a woman as they came closer. She sang in a low voice that was almost a whisper and seemed to take no notice of the pair inspecting her. The words that came from her throat were light and quick; the end of one word seemed to be the beginning of the next so that chant-like the song went on with never a rest. The pitch however, changed often, lilting out higher notes and a husky whisper for the lower.
“We’ve never had need of any to guard our passes, as those with poor hearts would never find our place. Welcome,” she said, though without the joy that usually accompanied that word.

Chapter 28: Manning the North Gate

The north gate of the Theliant was the smallest of passages to enter into the king’s keep of Thesilia. Little outside traffic came from the north and few were those that ventured that direction. Made from thick oak timbers that stood the height of six men and bound with bands of iron and locked with metal hasps as long as a soldier’s pike, the gate was deemed impenetrable. The walls surrounding this gate were the same thick stone as those around the Schill’s hidden entrance:  several feet thick and impervious to any device of man or beast. Bordered by close forest, the door was safe from the rolling towers used for sieges and catapults and other large tools of war.
The trails leading away from that portal tended to be smaller, no larger than the parallel ruts of the wagons that passed in and out for the bringing and sending of trade items. The northern villages were populated mostly with huntsmen, bee-keepers, smiths, and others who contributed to the country with what could be gleaned from those northern forests. Nuts and honey and syrup; weapons and tools; furs and skins sewn into cloaks and bedding comprised most of the cargo on those narrowed roads. Any threat from the north would be detected by the villages first, and they would in turn alert the king in his keep. Marwaer thought little need would go to defending this northern entryway despite the number of his subjects arriving through that gate.
Hrulen Recht knew the soldiers he had left weren’t a large enough force, but did as his ruler bid. Though he despised the usurper, he was ever a Thesilin with home and family to defend. He knew the very thing that made the north gate safe from the large engines of war also made it vulnerable to those smaller. While Marwaer placed the larger portion of his soldiers at the southern gates where they would do little more than listen to the dash of rocks against their solid walls, the ineffectual battering at their strong gates, and the curses of the Ouros when they found the wide river-fed moats that would hinder their siege towers from ever reaching the walls, the northern gates would remain undermanned and prove the most perilous to defend.
Already Thorden’s company of scouts were reporting that soldiers were combing through the countryside, moving ever northward and westward until they should come to this point, this alteration in the stony face of the Theliant. The emissaries of the Ouros had been housed away from the king’s tower and left alone for enough of the time to seek out and discover whatever weaknesses there were in the keep. Marwaer had argued that the emissaries would be awed at the power of the Thesilins, but instead of being awed by the thick walls, they had sought out such chinks as there were. Hrulen, as captain of the guard in this part of the city, had declined to speak with them as they’d come near his home on their tour.
Their questions had seemed innocent. He left the questions unanswered, instead telling them in the briefest, clipped tones that the king would be pleased at how they were impressed. But he had seen the ferreting eyes, the knowing nods, the unspoken agreements that passed between faces. He found reasons to excuse himself and cut their tour short, but didn’t doubt that another captain, one with more pride than brains, had shown all.
Thorden’s company had ridden hard before the oncoming Ouros force. The invaders didn’t slow or observe or show any indication of their thought for the land, but marched with a single determined purpose. With around seventy-five men each from Thorden and Hrelsin’s troops and the one hundred that he kept under his own command Hrulen would have only 250 men to defend the gate and the northeast corner of the keep, more than a full mile of battlements and towers. Far too much area for such a depleted force.
As the daylight fled and Hrulen became satisfied that every soldier under his command was well provisioned and armed, he called his brothers to a dinner meal in his house. They gathered about them their family and sat grim-faced through their evening repast until the food was gone and the wives busied themselves elsewhere in the house. The soldiers kissed their children good night, bidding them fast sleep and sweet dreams.
Hrulen turned to his brothers when they were alone. “Thorden. As your men have only just returned from their scout, I would have you take our left flank. It would be the last place to strike as they’ll come upon the eastern wall first. Hrelsin’s guard will take the center with extra support from a platoon of my men. An unproven troop led by a captain Grundel will be to our right. I don’t know the man or whether he can lead, so my troop will take our right flank and shift as it becomes necessary.”  Hrulen looked his brothers in their eyes, stern and sad that their guard should have ever become more than monotonous routine and ceremony.
He’d been a soldier his entire life, a younger man when the last true enemy of Thesilia was the trolls who never came to conquer, but merely to steal. He had notched a blade  at the time, but now most of his service seemed ornamental: posting of elaborate guard duties, inspections, and parade for visiting emissaries. Hidden and away from the Theliant’s visitors, he and his brothers had spent half their lifetimes training their men against potential threats. It was something to do, to keep the men honed for the time of need. The old king, Thaufwaer, had enjoyed watching and sometimes practicing with the men. Now that the threats were come, he wondered if the training had been enough.
“I would have my soldiers reinforce Hrelsin’s men if you think the enemy will strike there at the corner.”  Thorden was the youngest of the three, his beard still tawny and not yet sprouting the familial gray. His eyes were bright with excitement in the evening lamps.
“I’d not have you withdraw so quickly as a hole in the defense would likely be filled by those wearing the wrong livery. Maintain your position until we see how things develop. Should they gather in one location and press for entry there, then bring your troop running. I wouldn’t have your men rushing toward one fight and abandoning another.”
“Let them strike where they may!  My men are ready!”  Thorden slapped a hand on the table.
“My men are also prepared.”  Hrelsin was calmer and more experienced. He too had ridden in the name of the king before and fought battles in the distant reaches of Thesilia to keep enemies out. “What few of them I have,” he added.
Hrulen was pained to be reminded that so many who’d worn the king’s livery had put away their amber cloaks and had moved to the outlands instead of donning the scarlet of the new king. Some few had returned with news of the threat from the east and to stand beside their former comrades, but many had not. Others continued westward, forsaking the keep. ‘It will be lost,’ they said. Thorden and Hrelsin’s guards combined should have numbered over two hundred men, but more than a quarter of them had still refused to serve the usurper. Hrulen had kept most of his guard intact as his men followed his lead and not their monarch’s.
“Keep most of your men in the turrets. Let many eyes watch the edges of the forests so they will discover the enemy that much sooner. Allow them to stand guard in turns, half on duty while half sleep. Do not let those who are not on guard descend from the walls to carouse.”  This he said directly to Thorden, the younger brother. The soldiers that the junior man led were noted to be a thirsty lot who would all too readily forego sleep for drink. “Let them take their rest within the shelter of the turrets rather than on the battlements where they should be alert.”
“Do you think they’ll actually attack, or will they just surround us and lay siege upon the keep?”  Thorden asked. Hrelsin nearly scoffed at the foolishness of the question, but held himself in check. Though the least experienced of the three soldiers, Thorden’s relative youth also made him the fastest and the quickest among them. Such questions need to be asked if he is to learn, Hrelsin thought to himself.
“They will certainly attack. Winter is upon us, and while we are well provisioned for the long winter ahead, they would fall victims to their own tactics. Cold and hunger only work when the besieged have not pulled in their fall harvests or a store of cordwood as we have. They may stay warm at the expense of our groves and forests, but they will starve unless they find their way inside. Siege warfare is an endeavor best begun in the spring time after planting has been done. Or summertime when the planting begins to ripen. They will come. It is only a matter of when that we must prepare for. All else is done.”
“Thorden,” Hrelsin began, “you have seen these men of the dragon as they refer to themselves closer than I. How arrayed are they?”
“Their soldiery is not so well attired as ourselves. They wear green that at any other time of the year would be hard to see in our forests, but now stands out among the naked trees and the white fields. Their helms are simple without adornment. Their shields carry a serpent crest. Swords and spears I saw among them. Some few bows they had, but I suspect they mean to close with us and will not be burdened with such.”
“The better for us then,” Hrulen said. “When you return to your troop, send a detail to draw bows and quivers for each man, however unskilled. A missed arrow will still slow a man lest he step into the next shaft coming in his direction.”
“Yes, it is better,” said Hrelsin, “but better still would be the return of the two hundred Marwaer sent south in chase after the king’s skiff. Two hundred behind walls is worth the same number many times over in the field. They have yet to return and it doesn’t appear they will.”
“Perchance their return will come at an opportune time. One can hope.”  Hrulen didn’t feel as much optimism as his words conveyed. Even following the Lissolford through the Murkhiil Plains was no guarantee that the land wouldn’t swallow them up regardless of their numbers. Too many had become lost in that land. Some said that to attempt to change the nature of the place would incur the plain’s vengeance. The elves claimed that you could safely tread those unmarked fields as long as you didn’t attempt to assert your will over that natural dominion. Two hundred marching men could create some damage to the land.
“What of their captains?” Hrelsin asked. “Have you seen any of their commanders?”
“I have. They are right proper looking soldiers too. Much more so than the men they command, although to my eyes they’ve set themselves too far above the common lot. They wear plate armor with no coverlet. Bright it is; black as jet. They would be easy to spot willy-nilly on the battlefield they stand out so. Such finery though could tell the regular troops that their blood is not as precious as what runs through their leaders’ veins.”
“Maybe it isn’t,”  Hrelsin said and smiled.
“Maybe not, but it doesn’t seem to me to be the kind of thing you should so conspicuously remind your soldiers of.”
“It isn’t,” Hrulen said. “With that in mind, I would have you both stand at least half of each shift with the guard until the attack comes. They may be a while as they get organized. I would have had us launch a sortie and retreat to one of the further gates, but Marwaer is confident that the Theliant alone will be enough to break their will. I doubt that. They have marched with winter coming!  That shows will enough that Marwaer should at least tremble to think of their determination.”
“Determination. Hmm. Do we know how many determined soldiers are marching here?”  Hrelsin was no longer smiling as he considered that no scout had ever been able to gauge the size of the Ouros army.
“I wouldn’t venture a guess about their overall numbers, but I know that there were several times more of them than I had guards with me as we scouted. And we couldn’t see the ends of their columns, they were so spread out as they came. Had we tried, we’d have likely been hemmed in and you two would be teary-eyed with grief about now, lamenting the loss of your courageous younger brother.”
“I’d have lamented the loss of seventy-five good men doomed for one man’s folly!  Better to retreat in ignorance than to die gaining knowledge that would never be used.”
“You are ever practical, Hrelsin. I felt the same and thus we have supped this night together.”
“Do you think there will be any negotiation before they strike?  When last here, it was Thaufwaer that they had to contend with. Do you suppose they’ll consider some terms with our new lord?”  Hrelsin was sarcastic about Marwaer’s rule, disliking their old king’s brother even less than Hrulen did. Hrulen wondered if his brother remained only because he remained. He knew Thorden would always stay at his side, but Hrelsin was less easy to gauge.
Hrulen sighed. “There won’t be a negotiation. War was a foregone conclusion only a few months ago when their emissaries arrived. Think you that the army that marches against us has crossed the sea and marched through the eastern ranges in so short a time?  These men planned to come for war. Their soldiers already darkened the Nor Garnot when that small delegation came knocking on our doors. The crown was an excuse to find our defenses out and to speak with those who would lead. No doubt we only confirmed for them Thesilia’s wealth and the strength of its defense.”
“It would seem that we’ve been found wanting,” Thorden laughed.
“Perhaps, but we’ll need to change their assessment of us, won’t we?”  Hrelsin’s face was grim.
“Cheers to that at least,” Hrulen raised his cup. They drank the last swallows of wine. “But I don’t think they’ve given as much consideration to our arms as they have to our wealth. Tis the green eye of envy that I think spurs them on.”
“Be it so, be it so,” Hrelsin spoke. “Let them envy our valor with their dying breaths. If it should go otherwise, let them envy our valor as we breathe our last.”
They fell silent at this, each man thinking grim thoughts about the strange turns of fate. How light would their swords be when their hearts rose above the fear that all men face, they wondered. Hrulen and Hrelsin had each visited death upon their enemies, but did not relish in the encounter. Thorden, the youngest, had been in melees, but not the unrelenting chaos of a pitched battle. All the same, neither of his brothers doubted his valor. Unspoken between them was the wish that whatever the outcome, they would each make a good end.
Thorden broke the silence when he stretched as he pushed his chair back from the table. “Is there aught else you would impart to us, Brother, before we stand our posts?”
Hrulen pushed himself back from the table and stretched also. The three brothers clasped hands altogether as Hrulen gave them the evening’s final words. “I would have you stay alive. Take no unnecessary risks. Maintain your positions. Choose your fastest soldiers to run for aid if you are pressed too severely. Be prepared to shift if needs be.”  He stopped talking for a moment but didn’t release their hands. “Don’t forget to send a detail to get bows for all your men. The longer we can delay the cutting time, the better.”  He squeezed each hand in turn and bid them go and claim what rest they could before their enemies came.

Chapter 29: Unexpected Conflict

The surrounding darkness was unbroken by any night bird’s call. The wind only blew occasional gusts that shook the bare trees. The winter snows that had descended left the forests covered in a luminous blanket. Breath streamed from the men’s nostrils in dim clouds. Helmets turned and eyes moved and Hrulen was content to see that every man standing post on the parapet watched. He stamped his feet against the encroaching cold.
Away to the left, Thorden’s raucous company of guards appeared sober and intent. Each man had a bow in his hands and a quiver of arrows over his shoulder. They’d scoffed at the idea of laying aside their blades, but Thorden had loudly reassured them that they’d have need for those too. Hrulen could see them watching in pairs behind the protection of the battlements while others scanned the forest from the sentry towers. A cold night they would have of it; Thorden had forbid them lighting a fire so their night eyes would remain sharp.
Hrelsin had done the same and his guards also watched in pairs. To Hrelsin’s right though, Hrulen could see that Grundel’s men walked along the parapet singly and the glow of a fire burned within his watchtower. There was no effort to be covert in their duties and the pacing lonely guards would be easy targets for any archers the Ouros had brought. There, near the center of the wall, would be where I would attack were I leading our enemies, Hrulen thought. He was not surprised then when he watched the first of those sentries fall from the parapet. He couldn’t tell the means of the man’s death, but he was certain that the fall was precipitated by some injury as the man staggered before stepping away from the wall into space.
He ran to his tower, woke every man that slept, and sent runners to his brothers’ towers to be sure that they were alerted and prepared. In Hrelsin’s case, it was unnecessary and the runner returned and informed Hrulen that his brother’s men were already dispersed along the wall and waiting for targets to appear. Thorden roused the half of his guards that slept and they too were spread along the wall. Hrulen crept among his men, keeping his head below the edge of the wall. He stopped often and looked between merlons to see what his men had seen so far:  nothing stirred in the wood yet, but it seemed the hour had come.
Each man, guards and officers alike, stood poised to repulse the expected onslaught. No figures approached. The breeze rose and fell as stars glowed in the firmament for long moments until clouds scudded halfway across the sky to obscure their light. Off to the right Hrulen noted that Grundel’s men no longer patrolled. Each of them had stopped his pacing and peered out from between merlons. Grundel himself stepped along the wall issuing orders. Each man he passed resumed an unsteady treading along the wall’s edge. Very few among them had bows in their hands, but all carried sword and shield. Hrulen waited when he saw Grundel approach.
“Have you seen anything?” the man asked.
“Only your man falling,” Hrulen said, and regretted his tone immediately. The fallen man had undoubtedly been a good man, but he was led by a fool. “You should extinguish your fires,” he said with as much friendship as he could muster. “Your men are too easily outlined when they stand between the night and those fires. Your men may also see the enemy more easily if their eyes weren’t kindled with flame. And I wouldn’t have them waste their energy with pacing the wall. Let them huddle for warmth and watch.”
“You would have them freeze before a battle?” Grundel said, his voice mocking as if he spoke to a child.
“I would have them survive long enough to be a part of the battle. They’ll warm quickly once the enemy begins his attack. Nothing gets the blood to flow like fear and the call of valor.” Hrulen rubbed his hands together as if to illustrate that he too was cold. The other officer scowled.
“You expect the real attack to come here? I’ve heard that the main force will attack in the south. This is a diversion to keep us from concentrating there. Your men suffer the cold needlessly.” Grundel smiled at him, a superior smile.
Hrulen bit his lip and clenched his hands into fists, but refrained from striking his fellow officer. “And where did this nugget of information come from?” he asked.
“I’ve spoken with the king himself and his scouts are saying that every sling and heavy siege engine is coming up the main roads in the south. At most they have a few scouts out there with orders to harry our flanks. Their main force will break from throwing themselves out the southern wall. That’s where they have set up their catapults.”
“No doubt they are there because there is no road solid or wide enough to bring them into the north.” And Hrulen noted for the first time that Grundel’s cloak was the scarlet livery of the new king. Even in the dim light, he could detect the newness of it. He looked into the man’s eyes and saw himself being patronized. “I expect the king himself is along the southern bastions, smirking behind his walls,” he said, controlling his anger, “thinking that all the Ouros might is going to be expended down where it will have the least impact? And you, you fool, careless that a good man has fallen from your wall or that many more will fall because you consider what is to come a feint? If you and the king have such confidence in his scouts, why are you still posted here and not on the southern end?”
“I have only so many men here to keep up the appearance. I’ve sent about half of my men to help man the southern gates, to meet their show of force with an equal show of force. You hadn’t noticed how few my men were?”
“I figured you wiser than you are. I thought you would rest a portion of your guard until they were needed. Are you saying that all the men you have already man the walls at this end?”
“It is more than enough to give the illusion of a sturdy guard.” 
Hrulen was aghast at the arrogance of the officer, but he’d seen it daily as more swore a special allegiance to the new king. These ‘hand-picked’ officers were promised future power in exchange for this special oath. They wore the scarlet livery of Marwaer and counted themselves future lords. The superior smile lingered still, the knowing smile of one who has the unfortunate task of educating the ignorant. Hrulen turned away from those curved lips before the impulse to break them overcame him.
“Will you not send any of your men south that they may see the comedy that will unfold there?” Grundel said. 
“I think not,” Hrulen answered. “I fear the coming tragedy, compounded by incompetence and over-confidence.”
“You call me incompetent? You whom the new king would pass over in his preference? You fail to understand the meaning of the word.”
“Nay, I was wrong in my first impression of you. You are as stupid as our new lord. Go back and make a target of yourself so that some of your men will survive under the leadership of another.”
“You would insult a fellow officer and our king?”
“I would insult any fool! And now that I’m beginning to warm to the derision you so well deserve, I would say to go tell your fool king to walk his wall if he has such confidence in the words of his scouts, a lousy tribe of bootlicking fools. Or let him come up here and walk with you since this spot will be safe.” Hrulen was prepared to turn the man away, but he saw that another of Grundel’s men had fallen between the merlons. The body crumpled and the other sentries crouched behind the stones. They looked over the wall, exposing as little of themselves as they dared. After another long silence, Hrulen saw their eyes turned toward their captain. The man hurried away, a string of curses and oaths trailing behind.
Morning dawned and the breath of Hrulen’s men clouded the air. There was no sign of an enemy in the woods below. Fires were stoked and breakfasts prepared as the men gathered, stamping their feet against the early chill. Some grumbled about rumors, and Hrulen knew they’d overheard the arrogant captain boasting about his knowledge of the enemy strategy. He allowed them their talk; none of it went beyond the typical soldier complaints. Such would end when they had warm food in their mouths, hot drinks funneling to their bellies, and a fresh fire reflecting off their armor. He thought to intrude and point out that if there was any truth to the rumors that they could expect to avoid a battle. But for those with anxieties about fighting, he didn’t want to offer a hope he didn’t feel. For those primed for the war, he didn’t want to give them any reason to wish they were on the wall in the south, knowing he would need every man.
As they ate and thawed, he ordered a general stand-down and encouraged his men to take whatever rest they could find. The wall needed a minimum of sentries with the sun rising into the sky. The approach of an army would surely be noted with plenty of time for the men to reassemble. To this end, he allowed Thorden to take a small detachment and conduct a limited scouting mission to the north and immediate east of the wall.
The news was startling. No enemy was found within a league of the keep’s north gate although their prints had been seen within a thousand paces of the wall.
“The snow is trampled almost to the point of melting in some spots,” Thorden reported. “In others we could see where they had marched and the muddy ground rose up through the snow. We found where they had climbed trees away off to the south, opposite of where Captain Grundel’s men patrolled.”
“Those would be the ones who shot Grundel’s sentries.”
“Most likely. But there is something strange about this. They had great numbers up here, certainly enough to have kept us busy and then some, but it seems they have withdrawn.”
Hrulen sat and stared at the fire a few minutes, a warm mug of tea releasing its steam above his fist. He looked at his brother. The younger man looked weary and confused. “Get something to eat,” Hrulen said.
“Do you think they have gone?” Thorden couldn’t hide either astonishment or disappointment.
“I cannot say, although I doubt it. I would guess that they probe before making their final commitment. Whatever you do, go back and tell your men that they are not to share this intelligence. I still want the men alert and anticipating attack instead of being tempted to sleep and neglect their duties.”
“It may be too late to keep them from talking,” Thorden said, “but I’ll see that they spread it no further.”
“Please do. I would not have that arrogant swine come along and gloat. Once the men are rested and fed, we will resume our duties as usual. Tonight we operate the same as last night.” Hrulen rose and walked his brother to the door. He paused as he saw the crimson cloak of Grundel approach.
“So you are still here; not overrun by the enemy hordes? I’ve heard that there isn’t an enemy anywhere along the northern trails. It seems you are mistaken in your assessments of the enemy’s intention, the king’s scouts, and the king’s wisdom, not to mention those words you spoke to me.” Grundel paused for a moment and held out his hand. “Don’t apologize unless you are sincere.”
Hrulen ignored the suggestion. “What of your men who fell?” he asked.
“One dead. The other merely wounded. The arrow went into his shoulder. He was probably hurt more by his fall than the arrow. Should be back on his feet and ready for duty again shortly.”
“That is all,” Thorden said, his voice angry. “One dead, one wounded? And for no good reason! Targets!”
Hrulen raised a hand to his brother. “Go on and have a meal and a cup,” he said. Thorden stomped away.
“Does insolence run in your family?” Grundel said.
“It has ever been our practice to meet arrogance with scorn. But what of  your men? Would you make targets of them again, needlessly?”
“Is it not a part of their duties to put their lives at risk, to die if necessary?”
“It is, but it is equally your duty to keep them alive. I wonder, Captain, how long you have had your command. I’ve known most of our king’s men for many years, some obviously much longer than others, but our paths had not passed before last night.”
“If you must know, I received my commission from our current king.”
“Then may it last as long as our current king,” Hrulen said.
“I shall take that as both a blessing and an apology,” Grundel said and offered his hand. “And I guess I can attribute your other harsh words, those spoken of our lord, as the result of your unfounded anxieties.”
“You may take it any way you wish. And now, if you’ll excuse me, I will see to my men.” He turned and walked away, leaving Grundel’s hand hanging in the space between them.
He found Hrelsin outside the barracks, a plate of stew on his lap. “Brother,” he said, “I would ask that you take our right flank, else I may kill a fool. As things stand, I may already have reason to regret should Thorden’s scouting prove wrong or misleading. I may have to answer for my criticism of the king should we survive this. I’d not compound things by killing that arrogant swine.”
“Are you sure that I wouldn’t,” Hrelsin smiled around a spoonful of stew.
“You haven’t cause yet, but I do. Make him aware of your presence and let him know we’ll offer help if he needs it. Afterwards, I advise keeping away from the man. He’ll say he won’t need help, but look to see what his troop looks like. They are probably going to be few; he doesn’t believe we are threatened at this end.”
“I will.”

Chapter 30: Clash at the Theliant

The bombardment began with dinner. Away to the south a shout went up and the occupants of every building found their way to the streets. Hrulen heard the first of the stones dashing against the wall and felt the slightest tremor beneath his feet. His men assembled quickly. He was happy to note that his brothers’ soldiers were also assembled and already mounting the walls. He looked southward to see if Grundel approached, the easier to avoid speaking to the man if possible.
“So it really begins?” Hrelsin asked when he spotted his brother.
“So they begin in earnest, it seems,” Hrulen answered. “Are your men ready?”
“They are.”
“I will ask you to keep track of Grundel if you can. He’s a fool, but he’s our fool and his men are our men, if you get my meaning.”
“I don’t see him,” Hrelsin looked at the wall to the south in the dimming light.
“That may be a blessing to us, if he has gone south, but we may sorely miss those men he allowed to detach to the southern wall. I think last night we were scouted, the arrows fired to see our reaction. It was little enough.”
“It was no reaction,” Hrelsin pointed out.
“Then let’s hope they think they’ll be received the same way tonight and won’t feel the need to press us hard here. In any case, hold our right and call out if  you need help. I’ll send whatever I can. Don’t be afraid to call out to Thorden also. He may see the least of this and his men may prove more available.”
“Torches!” the cry went up. “There are torches moving among the trees!” And in the darkening evening little stabs of light flitted among the distant tree trunks.
“Bring every man up,” Hrulen ordered. “And good luck,” he called to his brother as the latter sped back to his own troop.
In the quiet that followed, the men at their posts, their faces grim and turned outward toward the wood, Hrulen could still hear the sounds of the southern wall being struck by stones. A great noise of shouts carried on the wind and at the limit of his vision he could see the great arms of the catapults slashing through the dusky red of the torches and flares. He looked for Captain Grundel among the guards to his right, but the man was nowhere in sight.
Suddenly, well back into the wood, a bonfire was lit. Where only a moment before it had been almost full dark, it was suddenly bright with ghostly yellow and orange light. It looked at first as if the forest were burning. Hrulen could see the shapes of many men passing in front of that fire. As if the fire were a signal to begin, men began to stream toward the walls. They seemed to come from every angle of the wood and in numbers greater than any had anticipated. They came with a shout that echoed throughout the Theliant. Away to the south, catapults redoubled their assault on the lower gates.
Without orders his men began to loose shafts into the night, aiming at the swarms of dark green cloaks that rushed the walls. He’d told them that they needn’t wait to be told when to fire upon their enemy; that the attack would be sudden when it came. He was gratified to see that the portion of enemy soldiers attacking his section of the wall seemed surprised at the amount of resistance they were facing. He and his brothers had suffered no man to walk the parapets making their small corner of the keep seem undefended. He raised a bow himself and loosed a shaft toward another throng rushing clear of the trees. The arrow went high and missed the man he’d aimed toward, but buried itself up to the  fletching in the man who followed. The Ouros soldier raised a single alarmed cry before he fell.
To the right, Hrelsin’s men were also firing their arrows, hurriedly it seemed. Many of his men had shifted further along the line and were being joined by soldiers from Grundel’s guard. There was confusion among them and Hrelsin stalked along the battlement trying to regroup his own men now that his right flank was finally in motion to cover their portion of the wall. His voice was loud amid the chaos, shouting orders, calling his men by name, and chastising Grundel’s men for their tardiness.
On the left, Thorden’s men seemed equally pressed. All along the wall they raised themselves up, drew along their targets, released their shafts, and ducked for cover as they pulled more arrows from their quivers. Thorden stretched his bow time and again until he’d spent the score of arrows that filled his quiver. Hrulen heard him shout for a runner, a small boy, to fetch more, all that they had. The boy ran is if old Cheat himself swiped at his ankles.
“Ladders!” the shout went up even as Hrulen loosed another shaft at the lead man in a group that carried a long ladder between them. At that call, a volley of arrows rose out of the forest and raked the walls. Hrulen could hear the sound of them dashing against the merlons and the whispers they made as they sliced through the crenels. Many arrows flew past to stick into the roofs of the houses and shops beyond the walls. More than a few carried fire, but fell harmless on the cobbled streets below. Some struck members of his guard and he saw three men fall though one had only been pierced through the flesh of his arm.
“Ladders!” he heard the cries again from other parts of the battlements. He took a hurried look over the edge of the wall and could see green-cloaked soldiers raising one near the corner of the tower where his guards could only defend it from one side. He rushed to the adjacent corner and saw another ladder being raised there. He ducked behind a merlon as another volley rose out of the trees.
“By pairs!” he shouted and his men ceased their mad rush to loose arrows. One man from each paired team dropped his bow and set his quiver against the wall of the battlement for his better skilled partner to draw from until the arrows were gone. They pulled their swords and watched the tree line for another volley of missiles while their partners continued to shoot at the soldiers clustered near the ladders. He noted that Luchen, the guard with the arrow through his arm was back on his feet and pulling his sword from its scabbard. His blood-stained quiver was at his partner’s feet. Blood flowed from his wound but his face was grim and determined under the obvious pain.
Swarms of arrows continued to rise up from the trees. Though the Ouros bowmen were few, they were organized, always releasing their barrage as one. Those watching for the volleys could not foresee every burst of darts that sprang from the wood and more soldiers fell. Hrulen counted seven that lay still with wooden shafts buried in their bodies. But he could not dwell on those losses yet and bent toward the near ladder. The arrow he loosed descended straight into a man as he reached for a rung about half way up. The arrow went through the man’s thigh and as he clasped hands over the sudden hole in his leg, he fell from the ladder into the stake-lined ditch at the bottom of the wall. As Hrulen saw him fall, he felt a sudden blow on the crest of his helmet and staggered back away from the wall.
His ears rang from the blow and he couldn’t shake a sense of pounding out of his helmet until he realized that a ram was crashing against the gateway below. A quick glance showed a score of men with the shaved trunk of oak suspended between ropes. The clashing was useless against the sturdy doors, but the reverberating sound was disquieting. The hollow booming rose above the already chaotic tumult. Men turned often toward the gate expecting to see the wood and iron fall. Every turning was a moment against them. He staggered back and closed his eyes waiting for his head to clear.
He collected himself in time to jump up with the bow still in hand and jab it into the face of an enemy soldier who’d climbed to the top and was reaching for a grip to pull himself onto the battlement. The man grabbed the end of the bow, holding on to maintain his balance. Hrulen jabbed again and the man fell backwards knocking two others from the ladder with him.
He’d just drawn his sword when he heard “Breach!” shouted all along the wall. Now was there the sound of metal on metal as blades clashed, agonizing screams as men fell, curses and war cries as others rushed headlong into the fray. Swords met shields and arms were numbed; shields met flesh and bodies were buffeted; blades met skin and blood was spilled. Hrulen had no time to see how his brothers and their guardsmen fared as he was pressed where he stood. No more arrows twanged away from the walls. Every man still standing was struggling desperately to stem the tide of attackers. 
Hrulen stepped forward as another man’s head appeared over the wall. He thrust his sword toward the face and the man tried to dodge wildly and pulled the whole ladder down with him. But as his thrust was going astray, another man jumped from another ladder onto the parapet and hacked at his outflung arm. He felt his breath rush out in one expulsion as the edge of the sword smashed against the rings of his mail shirt. His sword fell from his hand, away over the edge of the wall, and he fell to his knees with the pain of his injury. Sickened with agony, he didn’t even lash out with his shield or legs. He expected another blow, better aimed at his head or shoulders, and he would know no more.
But the blow never arrived. Through the unbidden tears that fogged his eyes, he saw Luchen dash into the man just as the arm was raising. The meeting was like an avalanche rushing over a sapling. The enemy soldier was knocked from his feet and landed three paces away, his sword flying from his grip, his other arm bent into an unnatural position as it was caught under his shield; he’d landed on top of the shield. Luchen dove onto the fallen figure and stabbed down with his sword. Shuffling away from the body, the young guardsman picked himself up and stood over his captain.
Hrulen tried to pick up another sword but found that his fingers couldn’t gather the strength. He listened for long moments. Animal cries and grunts and moans hazed in and out. The clashing of the weapons of war seemed to grow dim. Still there was the persistent pounding on the doors below, but they would hold, they would hold. Away to the south, the bombardment had ceased. The Ouros had thrown the last of the large stones they’d hauled away from the mountains at the walls with no effect and now their catapults were useless. As Hrulen and any man with sense could have seen. There was where the feint was, although it didn’t help knowing that if the Theliant still fell. Hrulen thought of this as blackness descended.

Chapter 31: Hregal Duront Resurrected

Four trolls slept in the shadow of the Tar Delanon. Keef had caught their scent before they’d come in sight. Kamafial had heard their noisy snores before he’d even reached the corner of the old castle. Damantan peered around the stony corner and his face wrinkled up in revulsion. The four were rolled in foul blankets and tumbled all over each other. Their arms and legs were strewn in every direction. Two of the trolls slept with their faces so close together that they breathed each other’s noxious exhalations; it seemed this pair smiled. On the dull rocky face of the wall beyond the cluster of trolls, an angry black scorch mark climbed upward. The remains of some rodent-sized animal hung charred on a spit over their makeshift fire pit. Dirt and other filth from the trolls that Damantan quailed to think of were splattered on the surface of the castle. The ground around them was also littered with their equipment. Impossibly heavy shields and clubs, short stabbing dirks, rotten armor, and crusty packs lay wherever they were thrown. After a moment of watching the twitching mass, Damantan caught the scent that had made the hackles on the snow-dog’s neck raise up and the low growl that rumbled in Keef’s chest begin. He brought his hand to his face and pinched his nostrils shut.
The day was failing and already the shadows began to fade. As ever, the ruin of Tar Delanon stood alone on the vast plain. Some distance south a short line of trees sketched itself into the growing twilight. Even running would not get them to the shelter of those trees before full dark descended. The snow had finally stopped. It lay only ankle deep, but the surface was crusty. It wouldn’t prove much of a hindrance to the elf or the snow-dog, but Kamafial would be bogged down as each heavy step broke the thin icy layer on top and dragged at his toes. He pulled the sleeve of Damantan’s cloak and indicated that they were going to enter the castle despite the closeness of the trolls.
“They’ll not likely come in,” he whispered once they were away from the corner. “It looks like they’ve already fouled the outside with their filth,” he hissed.
They crept toward the gaping doorway of the Isle of Stone. The inside of the old castle was cast into deeper shadow and despite his sharp eyes, Damantan wished that they could have had a light.
Kamafial led the way into the deeper recesses of the old fortress where scarred and grimy walls still stood. The king’s dais was cracking and falling asunder from the many hateful blows the trolls had made against it with their clubs and hammers. Near the back wall of the castle, two walls from a house of stone that survived the fires and the long years of weather alone remained standing among the rest of the ruin that was the village within the Tar Delanon. Everywhere the eye went, scrawls of the vulgar troll language were scratched. Kamafial dropped his pack into the corner of the two walls. He pulled a small leather bag out of the pack and tossed a strip of dried meat to the dog.
“For your keener senses,” he said and scratched the long forelock that hung between Keef’s ears. “We should not have wanted to come upon them unawares even as they slept.”  He rubbed the fur on the snow-dog’s thick neck as the strip of meat disappeared.
“We will go without a fire tonight?”  Damantan set his pack down. He leaned his bow against the wall and drew the hood back away from his face. He walked around the ruin, his hands held open. A look of strange concentration edged into his eyes.
“We’ll need to see how much longer those without would stay. Until their stink has been carried well south of us, it wouldn’t be safe. I doubt that will come this night.”
“Is there no place we can set to watch their progress. There is something to this place that I think needs a friendly fire.”  The elf brushed his hands over the smoke-stained wall. “So much of the flame that has burned here has been the cruel flames of those that would have its destruction.”
Kamafial stared at his friend. An odd change had come over the young elf; he seemed almost assertive in his words.
“There are spirits here,” Damantan said. “They are powerless and watch with dismay as the trolls continue to tarnish what was their home. I don’t think it is the memory of the deeds of Hregal Duront that keeps the trolls away. They feel unwelcome in this place now as ever they felt before. Only now the will that would spurn them does not stand before them mailed and armed as they would wish. Such would be as they expect and they would not shrink from a man or an elf. But they do shrink from what they cannot see.”
Kamafial frowned at the unexpected words. “What does this have to do with a fire?  A fire would draw them here and you suggest they would not quail before man or elf. You would have us invite them here?”
“I would have us light a fire that has no malicious purpose. So long have these stones been cold, and not warmed but scorched by those fires that have been lit here. In some measure our fire could bring a healing to this place.”
Kamafial continued to frown. He respected the greater senses of elf and dog, but had never experienced anything except a dead feeling when he’d passed the gates of Tar Delanon in years past. Nothing lived within the walls. All was defaced ruin. Not once had it occurred to him that the scrawls and filth of trolls could still be a torment to this place. It would be like shooting an extra arrow into a sheep that was already slain.
“I’m going up to the ramparts to watch. When the trolls have departed, I will gather what I can that will burn and we’ll afford some comfort to these walls.”  The elf collected his bow and quiver from where he’d rested them against the wall and without waiting for Kamafial’s warning or advice walked away from the sheltered corner of the two walls. He went to the crumbling steps that ascended to the ramparts and began to climb. Kamafial, silenced by the commanding bearing of the elf, followed.
The walkways on the tops of the walls were rotted and broken in several places. Gaps showed where the stone had fallen after long years with no upkeep. Damantan jumped lightly over these places as if they were mere puddles or trickles of water. Kamafial saw that the drops through these gaps, while not long, could be crippling ending as they did on the tumbled stone of the walkways. Watching his friend so effortlessly navigate over these holes, he felt more human than elf and took his time getting past them. When he caught up to his friend, the elf was already perched near a corner of the wall looking down on the sleeping figures.
Kamafial glanced down. He had seen plenty of trolls in his lifetime. Some he’d seen much closer than he’d ever desired. There was nothing special about the group clustered together down below, but the elf seemed unable to take his eyes away from them. Kamafial reflected that Damantan was still quite young for an elf and that he’d ever been sheltered in Thimbol’s well-protected borders. These were the first trolls the elf had ever seen. He glanced again.
Long, shaggy hair grew on the tops of their heads and on their cheeks and jaws. It was so laden with dirt that the wind could scarce cause it to stir. The heads were large, with protruding cheekbones and eyebrows and great flaring nostrils at the ends of their great humped noses. They wore skins on their backs. As it had ever been in Kamafial’s experience, the skins still had the fur attached and worn on the outside so that the trolls looked like brutish beasts. Their limbs were enormous with thick muscles, their arms ending in hard, hairy fists. As usual, their arms carried collections of scars received in battle and in grief; they had a tendency to cut their own flesh if they couldn’t cut the flesh of their enemies. Kamafial knew the trolls could be counted on to constantly fight each other, but their inner feuds were always postponed if a common enemy presented itself.
He sat with his back to the wall. Keef had followed and plopped himself down and thrust his head onto Kamafial’s lap. Damantan smiled at his furry friend for a moment before returning his attention to the trolls.
The sun fell behind the mountains of the Graith Falror and the shadows grew deeper. Only the faintest slanting rays lit the undersides of the clouds above. As if sunset were some secret alarm, the first of the trolls to stir opened a protuberant eye. He yawned and stretched and threw a fist at one of his companions. The punch landed solidly on the other troll’s nose and would have broken it if it weren’t already so mangled and crooked. The other woke with a snarl and raked back at him until the two of them were untangled. They stood and hurled curses back and forth while the others continued to sleep. The one with the ruined nose saw that he would be bested if he pressed his argument, drew his foot back, and kicked one of the remaining sleepers squarely in the middle of the back. A howl rose and another squabble broke out between them all. The one kicked had slept with his face near that of the fourth troll and when the kick landed, his head dashed forward into the face of the other.
Damantan wondered if trolls had bones as surely some of them should be broken after the violence of their waking. He withdrew further behind the bastion wall until he could keep only one slim eye on the proceedings. The trolls snarled more and aimed kicks and curses at one another as they gathered their strewn gear. Kamafial lifted himself up to peer over the wall.
“They’re going,” he whispered. “Once they are well clear of the castle, we’ll collect something to burn.”  He had misgivings about lighting a fire. Even though the trolls hated the Tar Delanon, it didn’t stop them from camping in the limited shelter of its outer walls. More were likely to come. But it seemed important to Damantan although Kamafial couldn’t begin to understand why. There was something forceful in the way Damantan talked of creating a fire for the spirits of the place. Whether the fire would heal or appease or whatever was meant to be gained by doing so, Damantan seemed determined.
Kamafial began to work his way back toward the stairs that had carried him onto the walls. The holes were still there, dark and treacherous looking. He put a steadying hand against the battlements as he negotiated the first gap. The next empty space on the walkway however was larger than he remembered. As he stepped to the edge he felt the broken stone crumble beneath his feet and he was falling into a yawning blackness. Rotted support timbers that had held the wall up for so long rushed up to meet him and he fell upon a pile of rubble landing hard.
His breath was knocked away and he felt his knee begin to throb. His leg twisted as he tried to land on his feet. He rolled from the pile of broken stone and timbers and gasped and looked up at the hole he’d fallen through. Keef stood at the edge of the crater, his canine silhouette sharply defined against the last light on the clouds. A low whimper escaped the dog and Kamafial thought to call him and give some assurance that he was okay, but remembered the small band of trolls just beyond the wall. He lay still and listened for any sound that his fall had been heard. He was alarmed that he heard no sound at all other than Keef’s anxious breathing. Had he made any noise as he fell, he wondered. He didn’t remember yelling or calling out, but then his fall had been so sudden and brief and he wasn’t sure that he stayed conscious as he struck the bottom.
Damantan watched the trolls stiffen. Kamafial had given an involuntary cry as he disappeared from sight. The sound of his helmet falling from his head and the clatter of his sword slipping from its scabbard rang out clear in the wintry air. And now the snow-dog made a low whining sound as it looked for its fallen master. The half-elf was no longer visible; the bottom of the hole was cast in deep shadows and Kamafial had rolled from the pile of rubble into darkness that was almost complete.
The trolls ceased their mad chatter to one another and listened. They raised their eyes to study the battlements of the old castle wall. Damantan backed away from his vantage point. He could hear a new argument start among them though it seemed that it was resolved in only a matter of moments. He peered out again and they were gathering the remainder of their gear, strapping on their rough armor, and weighing their clubs in their hands. Without another word, they turned and ran off southward along the wall. Damantan had to lean from the parapet to watch their progress. His heart almost failed him as he saw them turn at the corner of the wall toward the emptied front gate.
Moments later, the first of them was a dark outline against the backdrop of the snowy fields framed by the gaping entryway. The troll was examining the footprints in the snow there. He raised his head as if trying to catch a scent within those great gaping nostrils. A loud grunt escaped his lips as he stepped over the threshold. The club hung loose in his hand and he carried his shield against his other side.
Keef began a low keening growl and tensed to spring, but the elf put a hand to the snow-dog’s thick head and the dog settled back on his haunches. The growl continued, but the dog stood at bay to the elf’s touch.
Unconscious that he was doing so, Damantan drew an arrow from his quiver and nocked it against the string of his bow. Two more of the trolls were framed against the opened gates, but their presence had no effect on the elf’s will. He pulled the string until the fletching grazed his cheek. The last troll appeared in his peripheral vision, but this did not affect his determined course. The string was beginning to slide from his fingers when he heard the voice. He released the tension and listened.
“You are women and I defy you!”  A long quavering voice came out of the gloom. “Come breathe your last with me, filthy curs, and I will end your cowardly existence!”  The words were in the language of men, but the trolls seemed to understand.
They stopped and were completely motionless as if one of the horrendous ice storms of the far north had struck at them in mid-stride.
“Come, you ugly maidens!  You’ve no courage in your breasts, you quail, you hares, you weaklings!  Run and be cowards or come and be slain!”  The voice seemed to grow in strength as it echoed off the barren walls.
Damantan couldn’t see Kamafial but it seemed the voice floated up from the yawning hole in the walkway. And yet it didn’t sound quite like his friend’s voice and he realized the strain Kamafial was experiencing in making his voice so stern and unfaltering. He could also hear the furtive movements of his friend as the half-elf pushed himself to his feet and began to limp toward the middle of the ancient keep. He approached from the back of the dais and with a determined effort climbed to the top where he stood in full view of the four bewildered trolls.
“Come that I may notch my blade against your rocky skulls you skulking cowards!  I am Hregal Duront of the Ture folk!”  He pulled his recovered blade from its scabbard. Against the failing light of the sky the sword stood out in sharp relief. Its blade, notched like the teeth of a dragon, seemed to catch the last glimmer of light and Damantan realized that the first stars he’d seen in several evenings were glowing down on the Isle of Stone. Despite the limp that had carried him there, Kamafial stood tall and terrible on the broken slab. Defiance gleamed in his eyes. He held the sword overhead, ready to strike down on the great dull heads of the trolls. “Which of you women will be the first to come and give me your life!” he shouted. He winced as he strode to the edge of the dais the sword still upraised and threatening. The trolls didn’t seem to notice his sharp intake of breath.
Damantan stretched the bow again, determined that the first troll to try to reach the dais would fall. He needn’t have concerned himself for the trolls had enough of the fierce warrior from the tales of old. They turned and fled in terror.
Kamafial slumped down on the edge of the platform and let his sword slide from his fingers. It hurt to breathe, and when Keef clambered down and pushed his massive head against his master’s ribs in happy relief, Kamafial gasped and clutched at his side. He pushed the dog’s head away and felt his warm breath on his hands. Keef licked at his fingers and tried to place his paws against Kamafial’s chest to lick at his face, but the half-elf shrugged him off. The snow-dog contented himself with exuberant wagging of his tail. 
Damantan rushed along the walls of the small fortress, leaping the gaps where the stone had fallen with an ease that made his injured companion envious. He stopped at the front left turret and watched the trolls running across the field, their giant feet slapping at the crusty snow, their legs pumping in fright. He returned to his friend, concern pulling at the corners of his mouth.
“Is it bad?” he asked.
“It’s been worse. Have they gone?”
“They are still running.”  There was a light in the elf’s eyes and the lower half of his face brightened into a smile. “They will be a long time returning to the Isle of Stone!”
“But there will be others. Come. Let us work quickly. You wanted a fire; you shall have a fire. And I would steep some kalma and bathe my leg for I feel that the skin was broken when I fell.”
“You have blood on your shirt as well.”
“I know that I will have bruises there, but my knee is what will matter. It has twisted. But let us worry those things after we’ve built a fire. You say the spirits wish it, and so now do I.”
“The spirits wished it, but they are happy now that the glory of old has been revisited. They would have us pull the walls down as they have reached a renewed peace and would leave the trolls with no place to further defile.”  Damantan dragged Kamafial’s arm across his shoulders and helped him to stand.
“These spirits seem quite demanding. We haven’t time or the means to do this chore. They’ll have to settle for your fire.”
“The fire will be enough for now, though some day I should like to return here. Perhaps a day will come when this place can be defended again and folk can live and prosper here. But for the sake of these spirits, they would have to build anew.”
They began to shuffle toward the walls where their packs were stored. Keef trotted back and forth in front of them, big and clumsy as a puppy. Kamafial dragged his leg. Damantan delivered him to their sheltered corner and left to search for something that could be burned. Beyond the walls where the trolls had made their camp he found a small pile of a hard wood of a kind he’d never seen before. He carried this back to where Kamafial waited with his flint and tinder. Within moments the tinder caught a spark and the spare scraps were lit. The strange wood released a pungent aroma that took getting used to, but it burned slow and radiated a good strong heat.

Chapter 32: The Plantrill Ford

A winter squall began to dump big heavy raindrops. Halisill stood just back into the trees on the near bank and watched them plop into the long slow glide of the Plantrill Ford. The first circles in the water grew wide with their concentric waves, but as the heavens opened the circles ceased. Such is our plight here, he thought. So many enemies now; the goblins would be those wide spaced first drops, but the trolls and men would come along to obliterate all the small incidents of the past.
They were all still there across the river.
The goblins pulled their cloaks up over their heads, such was their disdain for the water. They backed into the stand of trees. If they were angry at the death of Gristlelip’s son, their ire was now dampened by the rain. They were wet and miserable and Halisill smiled through the aching pain that grew out of the bruise next to his spine. The rain felt good, a balm against the heat of his injury. Analith had come to him bearing a cup of hot water with barraca leaves floating on the surface, but he waved the cup away. He would prefer to feel the dull throb of his injury as long as he stood face to face with his enemies.
The man on the other side of the river had climbed from his horse. His armor now glistened more than before as rivulets of rain collected across his shoulders and ran along the creases on the sides of his breast plate. The plume of his helmet began to wilt as it grew more sodden. Halisill thought to call across the river and chastise the man for choosing allies who wouldn’t fight in the rain, but thought better of it and simply watched. The dirt trails that led into the water were becoming slippery strips of muck. Already the man’s heavy boots were sinking into the mire.
What could they be waiting for, he wondered. Already the sun had slid past the noon hour and the shadows started to grow long. There was still no sound from the bend upstream where the majority of the elves waited. He expected to hear the sound of crashing trees and clashing metal rising above the hiss of the rain, but all remained still. The river swelled just the tiniest bit washing along the shore, and murmured a little louder between its banks, but otherwise was unchanged. Nothing came floating down to indicate anything occurred upstream. The worry lines deepened on his forehead as he considered that maybe they had come across elsewhere and were even now creeping southward through the forests and would come up behind the waiting defenders.
He called to Analith and she came forward. He appraised her appearance and noted that she too wore a light coat of armor and had a bow hanging from her shoulder. Without a doubt, Melisill had scolded her for her lack of armor until she donned the light coat to appease her son’s anxieties. Like Halisill, she anticipated their obvious presence at this crossing would be enough to stay the hands of the goblins. If it came to retreat, he knew, she would prefer speed over the heavier protection of a mail coat.
He studied her face and saw himself reflected there. The dew of morning was long gone from her troubled brow. Dusk was settling on the hundreds of years of life she’d lived, but she was sliding toward her twilight gracefully. Her bearing was still proud though stern with age. Halisill felt his age even more when he reflected that he was the elder of the two by many years. His twilight had nearly come upon him. Alas, he thought, that his end should not come in some peaceful bower with the friendly faces of his kinsmen around to sing him away. But for the foes across the river, it should come to the bittersweet parting housed in his imagination. He felt the solid hurt on his back and his face was a mask of grim determination.
“I would that you had left with the other elf maids and maidens and the children,” he said.
“But I have not,” she responded, and he took comfort from the decisiveness of her voice.
“Find our fastest runner and send him upstream to see if anything is happening there. Let him depart from further back into the woods as I still would not have our enemies know that we also wait there though the point may be mute. I fear that we wait in the wrong place.”  She faded back into the trees and he heard her deliver his instructions.
Several minutes later the messenger returned. “Melisill would have me bid you to have all of our kin ready for there has been a terrible noise of much tearing and rending on the other side of the river from where he waits, but it is now grown calm. He feels they have finally come to their assembly and now only wait some word to begin trying to cross. He and his troop have been using the time to make better their defenses. He is confident.”
Halisill thanked the runner and called again for his sister-in-law. “Have our people move around some little bit so that they are seen by those across the river. Let the enemies think our numbers greater. But have each also keep their arrows and knives loose for their pretense may lead to an earnest battle.”
“They will be ready. But look!”  She pointed back across the river. Halisill followed her finger until he could see another of the men in their gleaming black armor leading his horse through the low brush and bare trees.
The man removed his helmet and addressed his kinsman. They conversed for a few minutes. Halisill tried to hear, but the rush of the water and the patter of the rain made it difficult. What he was able to discern amid all the other noises were a few words in the men’s native tongue, a language he’d heard before but had no reckoning with. The first man offered a salute, a crossing of his arms over his chest, and the other man donned his helmet, stepped into his saddle, and turned his horse back northward. Halisill would have liked to have known if the new man was Nuersh, the leader of these people, or just another underling. Aside from the armor, the man was unimpressive, his bearing only slightly more than the other.
“Do they not think we would guess why that man has come and gone and whither it is he goes?”  Analith seemed surprised that their enemies did less to hide their intentions.
“I don’t believe they think much of us at all.”
“They’ll think more of us with our arrows sticking out of their bodies!”
“Perhaps. But I’ve been thinking. If it appears we will lose this fight, I would have you among the first to leave. But not to Multhorn. We go there only because we can arrive quickly by the secret paths our enemies would not find. From there we can follow the southern trail to the Scithe Du. I would have you burdened though and taking another path.”
“What road and burden would I take then?”
“Collect three of the stoutest elves still standing and take the king southward along the river. You will find on old derry boat moored in the stream just south of the fen. The river should take you quickly and safely beyond our foes. Stay in the boat until you reach the feet of the mountains and then come across land. The goblins would not pursue once they have the king’s barge in their hands, and we’ve not heard anything to suggest that the men have boats of their own.”
“We would leave the golden barge to the goblins?  They would destroy it when they couldn’t remove it from the water.”
“That is the price these Ouros are paying for their help. The real prize I think is what the king has been wearing under his helmet. Those men will have a hard time convincing the goblins that their bargain is incomplete if they don’t recover the crown. I don’t know what motivates the trolls, but I do know we will be better off with one less enemy following us to Scithe Du.”
Analith nodded and pulled an arrow from her quiver. “They are coming.”
Halisill looked across the river and saw that the man was on horseback. His shining silver sword was thrust into the air almost as if he defied the rain that still streamed down his armor. He was shouting orders in the goblin tongue, his voice made more villainous by the ugly language he uttered. Before him, the company of goblins clustered, prepared to swarm across the river. Halisill hoped this was still only part of the trickery they intended. He hoped they would only stand there and shout their curses while they hid behind their shields and made their warlike threats. He hoped they would come no further than the first few strides into the river, thus keeping the elves’ attention focused here. He hoped the goblins wouldn’t alter the strategy the elves assumed they would pursue. His hopes were undone when he heard the final shout of the mail clad human and saw the goblins march into the river. They seemed to have forgotten their hatred of the water and came on, determination crinkling the brows over their revolting faces. Gristlelip was at the rear of their column, spitting and cursing and driving his company forward.
They reached the mid-point in the river and didn’t appear intent on turning back.
“Talis Sirrician!”  Halisill shouted the name of the elves’ celebrated ancestor and a flurry of arrows descended from the trees and the bank into the front ranks of the approaching goblins. Those that fell were kicked aside until their bodies were buoyed by the river and began to be dragged downstream. And still they came; to halt or retreat seemed no part of their diversionary tactic. Halisill tried to count columns and rows to get an idea of the numbers that still waded through the river, but they were now clustering closer together and overlapping their shields. Stones began to rip through the trees as the back line of goblins whirled their slings over their heads and loosed their missiles at the brush that hid the elves. He heard a cry and one of his kinsmen fell from his perch in the tree directly overhead.
The man urged his horse into the water at the back of the goblin column. Arrows skidded away from his heavy armor. Those that struck solidly shattered and fell and Halisill heard the man laugh. He drew his own bow and sent a shaft toward this most arrogant rider. The arrow struck in the place most vulnerable and the laughter stopped, replaced by a scream of rage. The arrowhead had scraped against the bones on the back of the man’s arm where the sleeve of his mail coat ended and the heavy leather of his gauntlet began. He sent another shaft and was satisfied to see it strike the face plate on the human’s helmet. The shock of the impact caused the arrow to splinter and fall away harmless, but it also made the man draw up and reconsider continuing his course across the river.
“Talis Sirrician!”  Halisill shouted again. He heard Analith take up the cry as she nocked another arrow and sent it into the clustered horde of goblins. They had almost reached the near side but seemed reluctant to leave the river. The bank above seemed steep and muddy and to climb it would mean losing the protection of the shield wall they had created. A few tried to spread away from the ford to find another place to come ashore. Those who went downstream found that the water quickly grew deep again; they yelped as their feet left the bottom and the current carried them away to drown in their waterlogged clothes and decayed ring mail. The others who waded upstream found themselves spread too thin and were easily pierced by the arrows of the few elves that waited there.
The goblins had come to a standstill and realized they couldn’t cross. Even without the elves shooting arrows at them they would have had a difficult time climbing the muddy slope away from the river. Rocks still flew overhead and the occasional cry was heard from the elves’ side of the river, but those cries were too few and far between compared to the number of goblins that had fallen. They began to back away from the riverbank.
Gristlelip urged them on, cursing them for cowards. He looked back at the stern expression on the face of the man on horseback and renewed his efforts to push his troop to the other side of the river. He used the flat of his ax on some, dashing it against their helmeted heads and knocking them into the water to wash away and drown. In his fury he brought his blade down on the panicked shoulders of his remaining son. The younger goblin, not to be thwarted in his effort at escape, swept his own war hammer at the figure that blocked his way. The heavy end collided with Gristlelip’s helmet. The gold laced helm flew a few strides downstream and landed with a splash into a deeper slot in the river. Gristlelip slumped over sideways, rolled away from the shallows, and was seen no more. The rest of the goblins, seeing that their king and leader was dead, fled the river oblivious to the shouts and threats of the man. He tried to turn his horse to block the way, but the goblins raised their blades to strike out at the animal and he spurred it out of the river. In their madness, the panic-stricken mass of goblins trampled their slower members into the muddy bank and fled, ironically, into the protection of the forest.
As their fretful screams became lost in the wood, Halisill could hear the sounds of other commotion being carried downstream. A tremendous noise was carried on the wind: screams and cries and curses; the dashing of trees to the ground, the clash of arrows and shields. Already the body of a goblin came tumbling down the river, an elfin dart protruding from the neck. The Ouros man still sat his horse on the other bank and watched as the body dragged past. Without a word, he jerked hard on the horse’s reins and sped northward.
“Let us go upstream and see what offer of assistance we can make.”  Halisill turned to Analith, but she no longer stood behind him. She lay on her side as if in repose, but no steady breath of sleep rose and fell. Halisill caught up her shoulders and wept to see her aged beauty marred where a sling’s stone had struck her unhelmed head. “Alas,” he cried, “that our fates should have been the same but for my step on the bank.”  Tears rolled from his eyes as he took up her body and cradled her in his arms. Looking about he saw that he was not alone in his grief for of the score of elves that waylaid the disorganized goblins, two others lay still with similar injuries and four more stirred and gasped at the pain inflicted by the brutally slung stones.
His kinsmen ministered to those that still breathed and reverently crossed the arms of those that didn’t. Halisill croaked around the catch in his throat. “Carry them away, for I fear things will go badly.”  He lifted his sister-in-law and carried her southward to the bower wherein the dead king Thaufwaer lay. His tears mixed with the rain that finally relented, becoming a miserable clinging drizzle. His curiosity over what was happening upstream was abated and he sobbed aloud as he struggled with his burden. “We shall travel the river yet.”  He laid her body down and made a tearful departure to see how the battle progressed at Culuchial’s Falls.

Chapter 33: A Rude Reception

The wall on the left was a sheer face of red rocks and patchy snow. It was the last of the Sevenfolds, the last flat-topped shelf of land to cross before the deep chasm of the Ter’ran Hump. Up ahead Mercer could see where the land became pinched and rose in its long climb to the summit of the plateau. A broken country as friendly as the spiny weeds that supplanted the grasslands that grew nearer the river, the Sevenfolds was the southern range of the trolls’ homeland.
He’d been uncomfortable the last few leagues venturing northward into this hostile land. He’d stuck to the southernmost border of the Sevenfolds the last two weeks, but now found himself plunging through the land’s creases, deep valleys and canyons that sank away from the tableland. On the rims above he could see grotesque figures carved out of living trees. Mutilated images of broken or beheaded people. At first he assumed they were scarecrows of sorts, but they were not clothed at all; merely carved to be as crude and horrible as the trolls could wring with their own hands. He was relieved that he hadn’t seen a single person since he’d reluctantly turned his back on the Murkhiil Plains. The few times he heard other travelers they were only voices on the wind, carried long distances in the drafty winter air. He sought shelter each time however, unwilling to chance discovery whether the speakers were friend or foe.
The speech he heard each time was trolls speaking the common language.
He was cold and walked long into the evenings to be moving and generate his own heat. His pack was lighter. Most of the supplies Hrulen Recht had provided him were finally consumed. He thought himself lucky to come so far on the meager provisions, but remembered that the week he’d traveled the edges of Murkhiil had been easy and food seemed to wait for him at every stop. He felt a sense of nostalgia for those precious few days as he considered them. More than once he told himself that when this war or battle or whatever the Schill would call it was over, skies willing, he would return to the plains and learn the song he heard there anew. His love for the Schill could not be expressed, but his days as apprentice were over, he thought as he remembered his time in Murkhiil.
But that happy time felt like it was going to be a long way off. He struggled through drifting snows and thought every flake that fell made its way down into these canyons. In places he fought drifts that reached up to his waist and worried that his feet, unseen in the deep snow, were going to freeze and fall off. The coat of mail he took from the armory at the southern gate was heavy but it felt as if it helped keep him a little warmer than if he’d gone without. He spent his nights huddled in whatever shelter the land offered, wrapped in every scrap of cloth and blanket that could be gleaned from his pack. When the pack grew light enough he transferred its few contents to the pockets in his cloak and thrust his feet inside it whenever he stopped. He cinched the bag tight around his calves and hoped not to have to run. He belted the sword over his shoulders since it no longer rode high on the pack but rather sagged and became clumsy. No longer did he feel the pain of carrying the heavy weight around. He snorted at the memory of how awkward it was trying to carry it those first few days when he fled the Theliant. After a month of it dragging off his back, he felt no different but knew that he’d grown strong.
The thought of his diminishing supplies and the extra days he’d added to his journey by taking the southern route contributed to the urgency he began to feel. In the last two days he worried that those who were to meet him would grow impatient and leave without their meeting ever taking place. He slogged along the shallow track winding the length of the dark valley, taking it for a road. The surface seemed fairly smooth below his feet if not a little colder than he expected. Somehow, the snow didn’t drift quite so deep here and he could take longer strides. He rushed along this track happy to stretch muscles that knotted and cramped after fighting the deeper drifts for so long. It wasn’t until his foot broke through that he realized the road he followed was a frozen stream. He grumbled at his luck and spent a day drying and rubbing his feet and wishing for a bit of fire though there didn’t seem to be any trees in the everlasting shade of this bottomland. He knew he wouldn’t have lit a fire anyway, even if he’d come across a whole forest of wood, chopped and seasoned and waiting for him, with flints and tinder sitting on top. Such was the caution he would use passing through the troll country.
Was it fear, he asked himself and decided that fear wasn’t the right word. After a month of lonely travel and the strength gained from his burdens, he didn’t feel that fear was the word he would use to describe what he felt about the trolls. For years dread and hatred had been the emotions that came to mind when he thought of the Thesilins’ barbaric neighbors. The hatred remained but the dread he felt was more for the hassle of discovery than for any actual fear of what the trolls would do if they found him. If he ran into any, he felt he could hold his ground and run when the chance presented itself.
Night came early down in the canyon. It seemed that the world was suddenly thrust into complete darkness when the sun arced beyond the edge of the cliffs. But Mercer preferred this time of day, feeling more secure in the shadows than he did when the sun shone down between the canyon walls, lighting on his small figure among all of the white. Anything watching from the tops of the cliffs would have little trouble seeing his solitary movements down here at those times. So it was that he came upon the twisting trail that led to the top of the last tableland when the sun fled from sight and the shadows were lost in the evening gloom.
Mercer listened for a long time. He heard voices but couldn’t tell whether they came from above or from the same shadowy gorge he found himself in. The last turn in the canyon showed a distant point where the walls became shallow and drew together. A waterfall hung in the air, frozen even as it dove from its riverbed above.
He retreated to the near wall and slumped behind a tumbled boulder to wait for the voices to recede. He ate a small bit of dried fruit that rolled around in the bottom of the pack and took a few meager bites from the last of Hrulen Recht’s travel cakes. He  washed it down with a handful of snow. Sleep threatened to claim him as the rumbling in his belly slackened and he felt less cold from the wind sheltered as he was by the boulder. He fought his drooping eyelids and concentrated on spying the first stars when they appeared in the narrow frame of the sky. He counted backward in his head and calculated that the second moon, the moon of Apithor, should be finding its way above the horizon in the next day or so. The first moon, Alistor’s Teardrop as it was called, would come immediately afterwards and the new month would begin. Mercer recited to himself the tale of Apithor who created man from the blood of the moons and claimed dominion over both moons and the world. The brother, Alistor, created all the other races and mountains and forests. Mercer always became confused at this point in the story:  one version suggests that Apithor was envious of the beauty his brother created; another version implies that Apithor was angry that his brother created the other races which diminished the beauty of the world. He cast his brother down to dwell among the “inferior” races and compensated for his treachery by giving the first moon his brother’s name.
He thought about Marwaer, the usurper king of Thesilia, and felt foolish; he only then realized the significance of the symbol Marwaer’s household soldiers wore on their armor and tunics. He clenched his fists in anger to think of the murderous act of the man whose ambition was to rule without right. And the audacity of taking the twins moons of Apithor as his own. But what could I have ever done, he asked himself. Only what I am doing now, he concluded. At least he played some part in thwarting the king’s desire for this sword. He wondered if he should ever be able to return home.
He snapped awake. He’d dreamed of the Schill’s tidy front lawn and the nook in the back of the Schill’s cottage where Mercer slept in a quilted hammock. The back room in the Schill’s place had its own small fireplace and neat little shelves where Mercer kept his small personal belongings. He had few things he called his own, but each had its own place and there was some comfort living in the Schill’s orderly world. The demands of being the half-elf’s apprentice took hardly any time at all as the Schill was almost constantly answering to the requirements of the king and performing his advisor’s duties. Mercer spent many hours in his snug hammock, perusing the pages of his master’s books, feeding the flames of his small fire, and enjoying the warm cooking smells of the stews he’d grown so adept at preparing.. It was the hammock, the large tomes in the Schill’s library, that small blaze, and stew that he dreamed of when the voices became louder and intruded on his nocturnal musings. The thought of the stew reminded him of his hunger and he fished deeper into the sack, finding only a few nuts and the nutcracker Hrulen had given him. He dropped them back into the bag and turned to hear better.
The air was cold and voices carried far, but it sounded as if the speakers were just the other side of the boulder. He listened to the words, nervous and surprised that they were human voices singing in the language of Thesilia. He considered making his presence known. The voices seemed cheerful. Too cheerful for men wandering the badlands of troll country. He stayed behind his boulder and recognized the tune, a song the Schill would have called “the vulgar celebrations of the inebriated.”  What Mercer could hear sounded thus:

Fill your cup and drink it up
Find a fat, sassy lass to tup
For the night’s too long to be alone
So rollie-oh-loe and rollie-oh-lay
And tell her goodbye in the morning!

Have a quaff and have a laugh
Find a thin, orn’ry gal to mash
For the night’s too long to be alone
So rollie-oh-loe and rollie-oh-lay
And tell her goodbye in the morning!

Have a beer and be of cheer
Find a tall, lanky dame to spear
For the night’s too long to be alone
So rollie-oh-loe and rollie-oh-lay
And tell her goodbye in the morning!

Fill your mug and chug-a-lug
Find a short, stumpy maid to hug
For the night’s too long to be alone
So rollie-oh-loe and rollie-oh-lay
And tell her goodbye in the morning!

The song went on interminably as the drinking pair climbed the trail and made up new verses as they went. Between verses, the singers stopped to argue and curse each other for singing off-key though Mercer wondered how they could make such claims as they each seemed to be trying to outdo the other in volume. He stayed behind his boulder so the drunken pair could put plenty of distance between themselves and him. He was startled when something fell to the ground nearby. At first he thought one of the pair had fallen, but the vocalists continued in tandem from the road above. When he ducked out to see what the object was, he found a very large wine sack; it had been drained to the last dregs. He tossed it aside and returned to his shelter.
He would wait a bit longer, he decided, and then he would take the long climb himself, and set off on the last leg of the journey to Torn. He found a comfortable place among the rocks and wrapped himself as best he could with his cloak and blanket and settled in for a few hours of watching the stars sweep by. He chose one star to mark time with, a dull green glimmer just visible overhead. When the star had swung far enough in the sky to be hidden by the far wall, Mercer would start his climb.
But the stars moved too slow or the night was just too long. After nodding off a few times and jolting awake, Mercer discovered that the stars weren’t moving at a fast enough pace and collected himself. He waded through the snow to the first ramp of the ascent. The surface was slick after so many feet had pounded the snow down to a shallow compact layer. He wondered how the riotous pair of drinkers were able to negotiate the climb. They probably couldn’t tell that the road slippery, he mused. He started up, one foot in front of the other, and found that the edges of the trail were still thick enough to not be so treacherous. The stars drifted overhead while he climbed, zigging this way and zagging that way until he reached the top.
He crested the lip and took a deep breath. The sky was huge after so many days wandering among the canyons. The stars were a vast scarf stretching from horizon to horizon, a wondrous muffler around the frozen world. Their multitudinous light reflected off the white cloak that swathed every surface of the landscape; Mercer could see the minute lines on his fingers. He could have read one of the Schill’s monstrous books in such light. He was alarmed to see a fire glowing red and yellow in the distance. He could hear snatches of other barroom songs now muttered, now sung fortissimo, and hilarious giggling when the erstwhile troubadours sang the more suggestive parts of their rhapsodies.
He felt his heart quicken in alarm when he realized that there would be no cover to be found in this last open stretch. The number of footprints and the mashed snow on the climbing trail were enough evidence that the road he was on was much used. The fire was nearly half a league away but clearly visible across this great flat country. When the morning came, he would stand out like a rip in a tapestry unless he could find some place to hide. He would travel by night for the last part of this journey.
He tightened the sword and pack over his shoulders and gave a last look to the trail below him. The packed snow was a glowworm inching its way up the side of the cliff. The trail was empty; the bottom of the canyon was the color of ash and undisturbed.
He worried briefly that somebody would be curious to see his single set of footprints diverting away from the road. But his intention was to walk the remainder of the night and find a secluded spot away from the far seeing eyes of other travelers. Nobody was likely to see his prints going away from the road until the morning and he doubted anybody would be so concerned that they would follow. He set out at an angle so he would pass the camp of the two singers by a wide margin. He would keep this direction until their fire was gone from sight and then veer in a line that would keep parallel to the road.
He walked until the stars began to fade and found a shallow trench to lay up for the day. He kicked a hole in the snow long enough to curl himself into and deep enough to keep the wind from stealing the little warmth he would find in his cloak and blankets. He woke, ate, and listened several times during the day. He uncovered his face and felt the warm caress of the sun across his cheeks, a strange sensation while his body was still shivering. He rewrapped his blankets and cloak and slept a few more hard hours before making a scant final meal of the last of the cold cakes, nuts, and melt water. The bag of coins Hrulen had given him made a small lump in the pocket of his cloak; it would have to serve now that the food was gone. He hoped to find an inn still open when he arrived at Torn, one with table settings and deep goblets, and hopefully a human host. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d held a fork or spoon.
The sun was just a winking glimmer between two high points on the horizon like a facet on a barely glimpsed jewel when he unfolded himself and started stretching feeling back into his legs. The wind came up and tugged at the blanket he still had draped across his shoulders. It blew in the wind and he had to make a fast grab at it before it was carried away. He felt grizzled and tired. He’d never worn a beard before and decided that he didn’t care for the scratchiness of it. His hair was lank and drifted into his eyes as he stood staring away to the north and west. Somewhere ahead was the village of Torn, nestled next to a rocky outcropping on the edge of the Ter’ran Hump. He began walking.
He heard the rattle and creak of a cart and the pounding of hooves on the road over to his right. Again it seemed that they were human sounds he was hearing. He knew that Torn was peopled by folk of many races, but he also expected to hear trolls more than any other race while traveling through what was typically troll country. He puzzled at the mystery of it and occupied his mind for a time thinking of possibilities. Maybe they had all died of some contagious illness, like had nearly happened to the ogres at one time. Maybe they had moved on to the Westfields because they didn’t like the Sevenfolds any more than Mercer did. Maybe they all climbed to the highest canyon wall in all the Sevenfolds, held hands together, and jumped to their doom. Thus did Mercer entertain himself as he trudged through the windy night.
When these happy-ending fantasies had run their course, he thought about home again and felt a solid ache in his chest. Where was the Schill in the course of all this?  Mercer hadn’t learned fully how to listen to the wind and knew of no place outside of Thesilia where he could try if he wanted to. Otherwise, he told himself, he would have sought the place out and waited to hear some news of the old half-elf.
The happy quiet days of living with the Schill seemed so long ago. The king was still alive, the leaves were vibrant with earthy colors, larders were full of the recent harvest, and the world was warm and safe. Just the light of a candle would be welcome; a symbol of civilization. 
He was disappointed then with his first glimpse of the outskirts of Torn. Three hovels took shape, crude squares with sloping roofs, slanting chimneys fuming greasy smoke into the twilit sky, and guttering flames throwing uneven light out of hide-paned windows. Nothing moved except the smoke and the flutter of a loose shingle in the wintry wind. A dog barked distantly but was silenced with a thump. Mercer felt the chilly wind, wrapped a blanket over his cloak, and went forward.
He saw his mistake at once. Beyond the three hovels were more of the same, but once you came through this shantytown, a log wall rose up. He was surprised to note that the logs had been square cut and well fitted next to each other. This had been no hasty defense simply thrown together; somebody had taken their time in constructing this barrier. The logs were set vertically and sharp even points were carved on the end of each. Every so many paces along the wall, a shuttered window was closed fast. Into the faces of these windows, symmetrical crosses had been chiseled out. These crosses glowed outward with torchlight. As Mercer came nearer, the light behind one of the crosses was blotted out and a harsh voice demanded, “Have you the coin to stay here?”
Mercer stopped. How to respond to such a question?  He expected that the occupants of these miserable cottages would rush out and overwhelm him if he should shout that he had money. He steeled his nerve and shouted back, “I have!”  The attack didn’t come. Nothing stirred except the dog he’d heard before. The animal yelped and was thumped back to silence. Mercer waited for instructions.
“Go to the gate then for Narni’s sake!  Oh, but we get the dumb ones these days!”
But where was the gate?  Mercer could see only unbroken wall stretching away in either direction. He turned to his left thinking the gate to be hidden somewhere near the middle as that section of the wall seemed the longer.
“Ay, simpleton, go to the other end. They’ll not charge ye as much there!”  The harsh voice cackled and the fiery glow jumped back through the cross in the shutter. Mercer followed the wall hearing now and again the upraised voices of revelers from somewhere inside. He stopped midway and leaned against the wall where he couldn’t be observed through the narrow slots. He dug within the bag of coin beneath his cloak and took out a single silvered piece. He pulled the cinch tight on the coin bag lest the remainder of his wealth clink as he walked and dropped the coin into a pocket in his cloak. At the far end of the wall, a small, cleverly hidden door was shoved outward against the drifted banks and a dirty shirt sleeve gestured for Mercer to enter. He stepped into bright torchlight.
“He has the arm and face of a fighting man,” an old scoundrel spoke from the shadowed corner of the guardhouse. Mercer tried to see the speaker but the brightness of the torches took away his better vision. 
“But not the eyes,” spoke another shadowy figure. “This one ain’t but a pup.”
Mercer turned from face to face, seeing only gleaming eyes on some visages. Others stood out in the bright light, mean little faces filled with interest and expectation. None were friendly and the only difference Mercer could find was in the degree of malice each carried. The one who opened the door stood just inside. A long handled knife was stuck behind his belt. His stony face looked as if it would splinter apart if ever he should attempt to smile. Thick black brows crawled over eyes as dark and cold as a starless night sky. A thin, sneering nose punctuated his severe features. Opposite this man, for he was a man although Mercer wouldn’t have taken him for a Thesilin, there stood another human, equally dirty, but wearing a grin beneath his grimy cheeks. Mercer noted that the man’s ears were notched, four tiny V’s crawling down to each lobe. The man caught the expression in Mercer’s eyes and grinned more horridly.
“How much coin do you have, pup?” he said. He had a small spiked truncheon hanging loosely by a thong on his wrist.
“Only the single coin I would pay to enter here.”
“Oh ho!” chuckled a shadowy figure. “The pup thinks he has teeth!  Don’t raise your hackles in here, boy. We’re not wanting your blood. Yet. Just you foist over that coin and we’ll see if she’s the right color.”
Mercer squinted into the gloom in the back of the guard shack and made out the large features of a troll. One of the bulbous eyes was closed against a whiplike scar that ran from the center of the forehead down to a burry jaw line. The opened eye was a dark slit that turned this way and that as if studying his quarry. Mercer dug the coin from his pocket and held it shining in the firelight between two fingers.
“Just you toss her here, my young croaker,” One-eye said. The troll snatched the coin out of the air as it came toward him. He put it next to one protruding tooth and rubbed it back and forth a number of times until he was content the shininess of the coin went beyond the surface. “Thesilin, eh?  Lot of that about these days. Let him go, my wolves. We’ll not be fleecing sheep on the doorstep.”  The troll turned his singular eye toward Mercer. “Now, pup, no doubt you’ve more of the shiny grist about you somewheres. Just you consider leaving it all within these walls and perhaps my wolves won’t come howling after you when you leave.”  His face curled into an evil grin. “Open the door for him, yes.”
The man with the knife tugged at a door. His face split into something akin to a smile, but there was no humor in it at all. Mercer stepped out onto a snowy street and shivered though it was not the weather that made him do so.

Chapter 34: The Welcome of Everdale

Lisle cast a quick glance at the Schill, but he stood still as if in quiet awe of the woman. The Diyani closed her book and using the smooth worn branches of her shade tree pulled herself to her feet. Those feet were bare; long, slender, well-formed, lovely. The Schill felt as if he were intruding on a woman in her dressing room, such was the beauty of her feet alone. Her humming voice was that of a modest lady attending to some small detail of her toilet and not suspecting that she was observed. Lisle was embarrassed to see the Schill blushing, sunset colors flooding across his normally pale face. He swallowed and placed a hand over his mouth as if the simple act of swallowing were some monstrous effrontery offered to the woman.
And Lisle saw what had so dumbfounded her companion. The woman’s beauty was beyond any Lisle had seen before. Tawny bangs fell across wintergreen eyes framed with the long lashes of the innocent. An exquisitely sculpted nose hung over heart-shaped lips that would have appeared pouty on another face, but were merely sad here. Her cheeks wore just enough natural color that no powder could ever be allowed to mar them. Her hands, like her feet, were delicate even as they clasped the huge volume she was holding.
But it was the eyes that Lisle returned to. The eyes had the dewy look of fresh pale leaves coming forth into the sunlight for the first time. They were ageless, perpetual windows to a perpetual spring. And there was pain there. The pain of ever growing; the pain of youth yearning for maturity; the pain of too many seasons of heartbreak without succor; the pain of immortality. Lisle knew in a moment’s glance that the woman, though appearing neither young nor old, was beyond time.
Lisle looked about the landscape taking in all that grew and lived there and wondered what within this lush country could ever deliver such sorrow to this august denizen.
The Schill broke the spell of the woman’s beauty. He seemed to clear his throat and again put his hand to his mouth. He spoke from behind the hand. “My lady,” he stammered. “I am called the Schill and my companion is called Fam’atan. With your blessing, we would seek refuge here for a time.”
She smiled at this. “Even here you would call yourself a slave, Clovisill, son of Lapisill?  You do not do yourself credit with this obstinacy. Long has the time of your thralldom been past. Yet you tie yourself in bondage to others.”  The voice was soft as misty rain falling on flowers; her breath was the scent of those joyfully disturbed petals.
“I am sworn to allegiance. That oath is a bond.”
“But of your own making. Discard this name of Schill. It is an ugly word, an ogre word, one that we would not have spoken here again. Disdain to have any ever call you such again for the freedom that you have so long failed to grasp is thrust upon you.”  She turned to Lisle, but continued speaking to Clovisill. “She knows this of you,” she said. “She would have you called a proper name, for the service you’ve given her is beyond any reward. A life for a life is a fair exchange, is it not?”
“I do owe him a life,” said Lisle.
“You owe him more than a life, but there is nothing else you could give, except your blessing for his freedom. You have but to say he is free.”
“I have offered him release from my service,” Lisle protested.
“Nay, you made the offer when you knew that it could not be accepted, Lisle, exiled queen of Thesilia. Why would you call yourself by any other name?  As I was saying though, no honorable man would have taken his leave of you when you made the offer, such was your peril. But now you are here, safe within the confines of this vale. Make your offer a binding pledge that Clovisill and his heirs are free of the claims of Thesilia, that he may relinquish the title of king’s or queen’s advisor and answer to no will except his own.”
“I make this pledge,” Lisle began, “that Clovisill, son of Lapisill, and all his heirs from this day forth are free and noble citizens of Thesilia should that be their choosing. Otherwise, they have the favor and blessing of Thesilia to pursue whatever home and future they desire.”  She looked the old half-elf in the eyes as she spoke the words. Tears rolled over her winter burned cheeks as she embraced him and kissed his forehead. When she stepped away, he was blushing again and she had to smile.
“So now you are equals in the Everdale. As equals we all must have names, and as I have had more names than I can recall, you may call me Ambrist. That is my eldest name, given to me when first I was conceived. And now we would all bid you welcome, Clovisill, son of Lapisill, and Lisle, queen of Thesilia. Your coming has been awaited. We have listened many days now to the tramp of feet foreign in the Nor Garnot. They control your Theliant, Highness, but that is news for another day.”
“The Theliant is in the hands of my treacherous uncle who has usurped the crown and throne after my father’s death.”  Lisle was bitter thinking that nothing could supplant her father’s killer. Ambrist’s sad smile returned to her face.
“Your uncle has passed from this life, but to what fate I cannot tell. But these are tales that can wait in the telling as I know you have been on a difficult journey and would hear better after rest and a meal.”  She pressed her lips together, her sorrowful eyes pitying the gauntness of the travelers and their thirst for news of events from their home since they’d left it. But she would not speak again except to introduce them to others of her kind and to lead them to cottages where they could bathe and sleep.
Despite Clovisill’s curiosity about the occurrences in Thesilia, he couldn’t help but to wonder at the buildings of the Everdale. As they walked through the trees, their tired feet stumbling on paths made smooth by countless previous footsteps, his eyes were all for the architecture of the Diyani. He wished he could have seen the village as a whole from his vantage point when they were still on the rim of this vale, but the trees had prevented this. Up close now, he could see that the buildings were all of stone, hand carved and decorated with spires and columns, cornices and cupolas, archways and wrought fences, bridges and fountains. Trestles of ivy with blooming purple and gray flowers clung to the walls. Where the ivy and their blossoms ended, exquisite carvings began, often of the same wandering vines and petals, but inlaid with ribbons of the gold of captured sunlight, the silver of captured moonlight, greens like stout holly leaves, and the yellow of a buttery honeycomb.
He walked along dumbly, awestruck at the wonder and variety though every building was constructed of the same pure white mountain stone. No two of the buildings were the same size or shape, but all wrought with the same skillful hands. The cottage he was led to had ornate cornices over the door and windows. The stoop to the door was of a single piece of stone, carved so precisely that each step was the same height and etched with grooves on top to prevent slipping. The door was one great piece of center-cut oak, burned with the design of a mountain on its lower half and the stars of the heavens on the upper. He studied the door for a moment and turned to look at the peaks rising up behind him and found that the mountain depicted on the door was the mirror image of that peak. He mused to himself that he would have to look again after the sunset to see if the artist had been so attentive to those details as well.
Inside the cottage was as wonderful as outside. A canopied bed with mattresses and linens occupied one wall. A washbasin with soap and wash cloths and brushes waited next to the bed and an armoire filled with robes and towels stood with its doors open and a mirror glinting back the afternoon sun on the adjacent wall. Opposite this was a fireplace with a stone mantle crafted to look like an elongated seashell with waves dancing along its underside. Above this was carved a tree with branches that reached to the corners of the room on either side. The myriad limbs were naked save for only a couple of leaves on each as if autumn had not quite completed its dying business and the tree would forever stand on the threshold of winter but never enter. The final wall was all shelves of books and a writing desk. Even here, the outward edges of the shelves were intricately scratched revealing somebody’s fine hand in creating strings of blooming vines.
Clovisill dipped his hands into the washbasin. The contents were cold as the melt-water trickling away from the bottom of a glacier. Sweet grass leaves swirled around in the water creating a pleasant earthy smell. He considered dipping his head into this fragrance but settled for a dampened washcloth swabbing his neck and face. The heaviness of toil and travel seemed to wash away as easily as the grime that clung to him after so long without this luxury. Exhaustion melted from his bones and he felt just tired as if he’d only spent a day strolling or leisurely riding, a simple outing away from the Theliant. He stretched out on the bed and was soon asleep.
Lisle watched as Clovisill was led like a child to a neat little cottage with stony shingles on its roof and strawberry leaf awnings over the windows. The half-elf seemed at the very edge of endurance. He stopped briefly at the threshold of what would be his quarters and disappeared from view. Lisle followed Ambrist along a woody trail grown high with flowering bushes on either side and the hum of bees. The air smelled of water richness. They passed a small garden with low fences and trellises for grapes and came to a stop in front of another small cottage. A grove of sapple trees mixed with sweet peaches framed the little house.
She looked upward and saw a tiny balcony of wrought metals hanging under a second story window. Ivy crawled over every hands breadth of the house, ending just below the eaves. It clung to the balcony, weaving itself into a pleasant wall over the open iron work.
“We don’t distinguish nobility here as we are all equals, so I hope this modest place will be satisfactory. It has been a long time since we’ve had visiting monarchs. Many will have forgotten the niceties and honors usually afforded such. Knowing this, I would ask that you not be offended and I would apologize now for any offense that may be delivered.”  Ambrist closed her eyes and held an arm out toward the opened door of the house.
Lisle said, “As this is your country and I am a guest, allow me to make my apologies for any offenses I may bring. Also, I would ask this:  have none of your people trouble themselves to make undue honors or ceremonies for my part. In my dreams would I wish to be the equal of your people. My mind is still somewhat addled to the knowledge that your people survive; they were so long relegated to legend and myth and now I stand in your presence.”  She bit her lip, uncertain if she should ask the question that had come to mind.
Ambrist’s sorrowful eyes were reassuring for with the ages they’d seen, they’d also known wisdom. Her demeanor suggested that she had infinite patience, but Lisle felt that patience was not the way to describe what Ambrist possessed for she seemed not to be waiting. Indeed it seemed she could have stood there reflecting on the eons of time that had passed without ever giving a single thought to the minutes and hours that passed while she stood. Lisle felt confident that she could pose any question without angering or offending their hosts. “Are you not immortal?” she asked.
Ambrist offered a smile like the kind given to children when they’ve asked simple questions without knowing the complexity needed to explain the answers. She drew Lisle to her breast and hugged her. The quiet reserve she’d shown as she conducted Clovisill to his cottage and then Lisle to the open door that waited evaporated and a genuine warmth emanated from her. “You would be a sister to me if ever the fates had permitted one. Go to your rest for now and when you’ve finished with the dreamless sleep and your mind occupies itself with fanciful things, then we will come for you and all you would learn from us will be known.”
But Lisle was not to be deterred a final question. “What has happened to my uncle?” she asked.
“He has fallen. The details of his death are unknown, but some few of the people of Thesilia lament his loss. This we have heard.”
“And Thesilia?  What of my country?”
“It too has fallen.”  Ambrist saw the change in expression on Lisle’s face and was quick to continue. “But it is not lost completely. Take your rest. There is time to discuss all. Plenty of time. Winter has come in earnest beyond this valley. Your return cannot occur before the first spring rains fall on your homeland. There is time, always time.”
Lisle hugged the Diyani back and broke their embrace to enter the cottage. She climbed a spiral stair to a second floor loft and collapsed on the largest bed she had ever seen. Her eyes closed and drowsy dreams flooded into her mind as she sank into the softest pillows.
Clovisill dressed in the cottony set of clothes that were laid out on the end of his bed while he slept. The fit was excellent and he wondered that they seemed made especially for him. He rubbed his cheek against a flannel sleeve and laughed aloud at the contrast between his rough whiskers and the soft material. He pushed himself away from the bed toward the washbasin. He didn’t relish shaving with the freezing water. He stopped short; the washbasin was empty but a shaving set had been neatly aligned next to the bowl. He glanced around and saw a light steam coming from a kettle hanging over the fire. He mused that his hosts didn’t seem to miss much.
With his face softened by the heat of the water and his shave, he ventured out of the cottage. A faint breeze carried droplets from the falls out across the deeper end of the closed basin that was the home of the Diyani. He watched the water forming into misty clouds drifting toward the immense tower that was the center point of the valley. He was amazed to see moisture rolling down the spiral scrollwork that had been carved into the tower. He realized the cloud was condensing against the cold stone, rivulets were forming and running down to the grooves worked into the tower, and that the water was flowing from these grooves out of the base of the tower and feeding the fountain. He watched and marveled for several long moments; his attention was so drawn to the architectural wonder that he was startled by a voice behind him.
“You would climb the tower now.”  A statement rather than a question. Clovisill turned and was immediately arrested by the wintergreen eyes of the speaker. The hair was different, the face the slightest bit more angular, but the eyes were unmistakable. They were identical to the eyes of Ambrist, but the person they adorned was decidedly male. Still, the man was not without his own masculine beauty. His cheekbones were high and sharp; his forehead was unworried by any lines; his jaw was strong in its smoothness. The man had never known the blue edge of a beard or the sting of a blunted razor.
“I am Gareth, Clovisill of Thesilia and Fridia.”  He bowed the slightest bend in his waist at this introduction. Clovisill did likewise.
“I am honored. Am I permitted to climb?”
“You are. You are permitted to venture wherever you would though I should think you would prefer a table and board at this time. The tower is many steps, almost a journey of itself, one that would build an appetite to match the hunger I imagine you already feel.”
As if the suggestion triggered the grumbling in his stomach, Clovisill was suddenly famished. “You have but to put me in front of food and you should see a wonder of Thesilia!”  He smiled and was pleased to see Gareth smile in return. His sad eyes seemed to brighten for the least moment but the curl on his lips stayed in place.
“Have I you to thank for my attire and toilet?  I’ve not felt so refreshed in more weeks than I care to consider.”
“You are welcome. But come, the table would be set by this time and the others will have gathered already. The feast lacks only our presence.”
“Lead on then, friend Gareth!” Clovisill was surprised at his own exuberance and laughed aloud. Gareth turned his sad eyes upon him and for the briefest moment the sadness was replaced with something else.
They walked along a cobbled path that wound among other cottages. Despite the twists and turns of the trail, they always seemed to be directed back to the south. They left the tower behind them though its long shadow was ever present over their right shoulders. In time they came to a clearing, a natural depression at the foot of the mountain. The grass was uncut and grew to Clovisill’s thighs. In the midst of this profuse growth was another clearing where the grass had been pressed until it lay lengthwise creating a natural carpet. He removed his woodscaps and felt the lushness caress his feet.
On the opposite side of the celebratory clearing, Lisle was surrounded by a small group of women. They all had the same shining tawny hair and pale green eyes as Ambrist; they could have been mistaken for siblings. Lisle looked happy and gay with the Diyani women at each elbow, as if she were a long lost sister just reunited with her family.
In the middle of the clearing was a tremendous tablecloth laid directly on the accommodating grass. Covered dishes occupied most of the cloth; finely wrought flagons covered the rest. The aromas rising from the improvised table reminded Clovisill of the gnawing ache that twisted his stomach. For too long had he worn a tightened belt against their provisions running out. Now he would eat until he could open his belt by at least two notches. But first, he would wait. 
Just as he began to get anxious that the dishes would be uncovered, he was noticed in the clearing. A long procession of Diyani came to offer greetings and welcome. Each was beautiful in his or her own way except their eyes. Clovisill was certain that if he lived another thousand years and didn’t see another Diyani until he was on his deathbed, he would know those eyes. The reserved sadness was lifted as a veil from each of his greeters for the briefest moment. Their smiles were ready and lasted throughout their conversations with Clovisill and Lisle both, but the eyes always betrayed a deep sadness. Clovisill determined that before he left the Diyani’s vale, he would find the source of their despair.
When the introductions were completed, he was further denied the first morsel of food. Without words their hosts assembled themselves into a circle and sat at the edge of their grass carpet.
“If you pray, now is the time.”  Luthern, one of Clovisill’s new acquaintances, whispered these instructions to him as all around the circle became quiet. Clovisill closed his eyes reverently although he rarely prayed. The nature around him throughout his life had never denied him in need and was ever present. There was where he bent his thoughts and thankfulness. When it became obvious that everybody was finished, he opened his eyes and saw every person in the circle was watching him. With the exception of Lisle, they all seemed embarrassed for him and turned toward the food.
“You actually called out to the gods?”  Gareth’s eyes were wider and sadder, if such was possible.
“Was that not the purpose?”  Clovisill felt as if he’d missed something that should have been obvious. “What did you do during that time?”
Gareth shrugged. “Prayer is simply a formality for us. The god that created us is dead. There is the other god, but he has never shown us the least interest. He considered our creation an abomination.”
Clovisill considered what his new friend said while he set about covering the leaf-shaped plate he was given with more varieties of cheeses, nuts, fruits, breads, vegetables, and sweets than he ever knew existed. Every sampling was a new taste that made all the other foods he’d eaten in his long existence seem bland. Creamy cheeses, hearty nuts, sweet, tangy fruits, warm, crusty breads, and sharp, crisp vegetables would have flowed over the edges of his plate had he not remembered that he was a guest. And the flagons; each was filled with waters sporting different tints. Some were sweetened with wild grasses, some with honey, some with delicate gray flower petals, some with mild roots or woody tree bark. These too he sampled, filling a crystalline goblet over and over, his thirst suddenly seeming insatiable.
He was ready to fill his plate a second time when he noticed Lisle at his shoulder. She looked refreshed and glowing with youth. Clovisill had never seen her so flush, not even the few times he’d glimpsed her as a child with the run of her father’s house. Her brow was now clouded.
“Is it right that we should feast thus, and be warm and safe and happy while my father’s kingdom is being attacked and my people suffer?”  She bit her lip.
“It is a conscionable thing that you think of your people at this time. As to the rightness or wrongness of it: you are here; they are there. What would you accomplish if you denied yourself?  Eat and be happy for the little joy that we’ve found as it will not last. Skies above knows to what we will return when we go home.”
“Ambrist has told me that our return cannot come before the spring. The mountain gaps have filled with impassable snow.”
“It is just as well. There is little that we could have done before then. It were a madness that the Ouros marched at the dawn of winter; it would be sheer insanity to attempt to recover your kingdom in the same season. Doomed to failure if they have gained the walls of the Theliant. Our people would have been scattered or enslaved. We would have to gather those that fled and the winter is not the time to undertake such a thing.”
“It is no comfort that my uncle is dead, though it were no less than he deserved. If he lived, he should have preserved my father’s kingdom.”
“It is your kingdom, Highness, and should he have lived, you might never find yourself on the throne. You have now an element of surprise if the Ouros think they have overthrown all. But think not of it now for as the Diyani repeat again and again, there is time.”
“There is time. They do say it often.”
“I suspect they’ve had millennia to say it. I should not wish to be immortal though, as it seems laden with sadness. Perhaps our hosts will enlighten us as to the source of this melancholy.”

Chapter 35: Exile

Hrulen Recht woke with a gasp and a scream. His arm was electrified with agony. He felt a hand roughly placed over his mouth and a voice hissing in his ear to be still. He winced and cried at the uselessness of his arm. It hung away from him and he could see how his forearm was twisted. His stomach heaved when he saw how unnatural it looked. He’d seen many injuries before, having inflicted some himself, but the combination of the sight and the feeling threatened to overwhelm him. He gingerly tried to move his broken limb and bit into the leather of his jerkin when the pain stabbed into him. He decided that whoever had spoken probably had reason for the harsh order. He squeezed his eyes shut and felt his neck shake as the anguish lessened.
He opened them again and contented himself with remaining completely still except for his eyes. He scanned the dark room and felt the cold of the stone walls. He was on the floor in his guard tower. The sounds of battle still rang in the wintry air, but seemed distant. He thought to turn his head and see who he occupied the room with, but at the first twist of his neck, his eyes swam and his stomach tried to come up through his teeth.
“Don’t move.”  He heard the voice of his brother Hrelsin. But there was something wrong with the voice, some gurgling sound as if he were being strangled. “The walls have been taken, but not the towers, not yet. I fear it won’t be long before they turn axes towards the door.”
“We’ll be captured if we remain.”  Hrulen didn’t recognize his own voice and realized that blood filled his ears.
“Easy brother. We’ll be all right. Luchen has gone to see if we have a clear way down to the streets and away from the wall. A good lad, that boy.”
“Thorden?”
Hrelsin sobbed. “He has fallen.”
Hrulen felt another pain worse than the broken arm.
He began to recollect what had happened as the first of the Ouros mounted the walls. He remembered his helmet being struck, a glancing blow that had only stunned him. He felt again the pain of the impact of a heavy sword on his arm and falling stunned under his would be killer. He recalled the blur that was Luchen crashing into the Ouros, but nothing beyond that. He couldn’t account for the blood that was caked under his helmet and staining the shoulders of his mail coat. He felt tears slide from his eyes and fall to his blood-dampened collar.
Hrelsin’s face hovered in front of him. His brother’s helmet was gone. A blood-soaked cloth was wound around his neck and Hrulen was a moment before he realized that the bandage was a torn piece of the scarlet uniform of the king. Only a small patch on the side of the dressing was darkened with blood. Still, there was anguish in Hrelsin’s eyes and tears dripping from the end of his nose. He was pushing something toward his face and Hrulen recognized the leather of a sword sheath. It stopped just short of Hrulen’s mouth.
“Bite on this while I bind your arm.”
“Is the bandage on your neck from a particular cloak?” Hrulen asked.
“He no longer had need of it. His small guard succumbed too easily. Those of his men that remained, either fled or attempted to take shelter with us. With nobody to stem the tide, we were overrun, our flank collapsed. His fall was less than valiant, but don’t ask me more. Thorden made a better end, but I don’t have the heart within me to talk of that now.”
Hrulen blinked away tears at the waste. He accepted the dirty piece of leather and sank his teeth into it until he felt that he’d bite through it completely. He twisted his head away, his eyes squeezed shut until his cheeks hurt with the effort. Hrelsin moved the arm, tucking it closer to Hrulen’s body. He tied it in place with strips of green from an Ouros cloak. Hrulen spat the sheath out and took several long sobbing breaths.
“You may want to keep that,” Hrelsin said. “The bone isn’t set. And I’ll have to help you with the ladder. It may be that you’ll need it again.”
“I’ll manage…”  He stopped short when the strange helmet appeared at the top of the ladder and peered at him through the trap door in the tower floor.
“I have found a way, Captain. But we must be quick.”
“Do they not hold the northwest gate?”
“They busy themselves with accomplishing our gate. They have pounded it almost to pieces and now work to pull the shards away. They’ll have it open soon, so the sooner we are away the better.”
“What of our families?”  Hrulen was slow to understand that the grimy soldier in the helm of the enemy was the brave young Luchen.
“I sent word for them to flee through the northwest gate as soon as I saw your position overrun,” Hrelsin interjected.
Hrulen felt his face flood in shame that his had been the point along the Theliant where the enemy first came over the walls. It should have been his responsibility to issue the order for his family’s evacuation. And his brother, dead. He should have ordered a shift so his brother’s smaller force would have been reinforced. He found that he could fault nobody but himself for the Ouros finding their way into the king’s keep. He wouldn’t even blame a dead fool for he knew of the incompetence and did nothing. That there was nothing he could do offered no compensation. He began to weep anew.
“You have done nothing to regret,” Hrelsin spoke into his ear. “Now, up with you. Luchen, help him to place his feet on the rungs and I will keep hold of his hand that he shouldn’t fall. Easy now, brother. We will ease you down.”
Hrulen felt a harsh breath rattle through his chest as his brother pulled his good arm to get him standing. His head ached with dizziness. The hole in the floor gaped before him and he felt as if he’d tumble forever if he should fall. He put a tentative step out toward the hole and heard the first clash against the tower door. The concussion of a sword or axe at the heavy wood made him feel as if he were the one being beaten down.
“Quickly now. Have you his feet Luchen?”
“I have, captain.”
The door was struck again. Dust rose from its edges. The frame was bordered with the red light of torches. Voices cried out, a horrible spitting sound. Hrulen felt his brother’s hands guiding him to the first rung. They clasped at the wrist. Salty drops still fell from Hrelsin’s nose and cheeks. He went down to a knee to stretch as far down into the hole as he could with his guiding hand.
Another smashing blow rattled the door in its frame. The voices outside were stilled. Some sort of order seemed to be given. Hrulen paused on the ladder, his breaths ragged in his chest. His arm felt stretched. He could feel Luchen’s fists clenching his ankles, pushing his feet over the rungs.
“You’ll have to take the ladder yourself now,” Hrelsin said. He lay on his stomach looking down into the hole at his brother. He pulled his arm away when Hrulen grabbed at the sidepiece. He seemed feeble, but he held on. Tears flowed from the corners of his eyes into his graying hair.
The door jumped. The iron hinges squealed and rattled, a tiny metallic sound amid the din of the blow’s echo. No longer was it the high pitched sound of swords clashing against the wood. An axe or a war hammer now delivered pounding strokes that sent splinters flying. Hrelsin clambered to his feet as the door was rent, the bright blade of an axe stuck a hands breadth through the door. It twisted as the wielder fought to release it for another stroke. He looked to see the progress of his brother on the ladder. Hrulen had his good arm thrust between rungs and was crawling downward.
The axe in the door was yanked away. Hrelsin grasped the top of the ladder and put his feet into the hole. He was two steps down when a mighty blow smote the door and it flew apart. Pieces struck him as he ducked and began to scurry down. He heard the whistle of a sword as it swept over the opening in the floor where his head had been a moment before. He felt a blade scrape along his neck and bite into his shoulder as he scrambled down.
“He’s down, Captain!”  He heard Luchen cry from below. He grasped the sides and allowed himself to slide the rest of the way until the stony floor came up to meet his boots with a jolt. The trapdoor was filled with the body of one of their attackers coming down behind him.
“Luchen!”  The young soldier grabbed up his sword and with one tremendous swing hewed the last four rungs from the bottom of the ladder. Their enemy seemed to float in space for a moment, gave a cry of despair, and landed with a solid thud on the floor. Hrelsin aimed a kick at the helmet and the man ceased his gasping and attempts to rise. The ladder still hung from the edge of the trapdoor, and around the edges of the door the malicious faces of the Ouros looked down on them. They held the ladder, and already another was preparing to climb down. Luchen raised his sword a second time and brought down a slashing stroke that split the few rungs that hung within reach.
Hrelsin put an arm around his brother and pulled him away from the tower. They struggled through the snow mired streets, were buffeted by chaotic crowds, and ducked into alleys and sheltered gardens for clearer passage. People ran about the streets of the market square, torn between abandoning their homes and businesses and staying for whatever mercy the Ouros would give. Several saw the helm resting on Luchen’s head and shrank away in terror. When the crowds became too thick, Luchen lowered his mailed shoulders and broke through doors, startling already frightened Thesilins in their homes. They pushed and dodged and intruded into private residences for several hundred paces.
Hrulen put his good hand up and they stopped near a gristmill. His breath was ragged; his face drained of color; his gray locks streaked with blood and sweat despite the cold. Hrelsin leaned him against a wall and looked about. The pandemonium of the market still sounded behind them but didn’t sound as if it was moving. Women were wailing and children crying and men shouting and none seemed to know which direction to run. Hrelsin and Luchen put their backs to the wall of a stable, the smells of fresh hay and animals sharp in their nostrils. Luchen yanked the Ouros helmet from his head and threw it back toward the tower. His shirt was wet with blood. He pulled back the sleeve of his cloak to examine his wound. The arrow had gone through the thick of his arm just below where the rings of his mail shirt ended. Blood oozed anew as he pulled the cloth away. He yanked a strip of material from his cloak and bound the wound, wincing as he pulled the binding tight.
“We ride?” he asked, indicating the tufts of hay that lay spread around the building and some mules standing at a manger in the stable yard.
“Those are mules for the mill,” Hrulen answered. “They would not carry us.”
As if the mules knew what was being considered for them, they began their noxious braying. Hrulen looked back toward the tower. It was lost in the jumble of rooftops and shadows. To his right he was able to make out the king’s towers and the lofty building that was the king’s home. The three towers of the Thesilin monarchs rose straight up into the night sky blotting out the stars. He paused a moment looking at the tallest and was reminded of his old friend, the Schill. The Schill is away at least and has taken the princess with him, he was grateful for fleeting thought. A nudge from Hrelsin made his arm brush against the rough wall of the stable. He gasped and looked to where his brother was pointing. The distant walls of the keep were slowly coming alive with flame. The Ouros were placing torches all along the battlements. For as far as Hrulen could see, the entire east wall was in the hands of Thesilia’s enemies.
“They would burn our city?” Luchen asked.
“No. Most of our wealth is within the city. They wouldn’t burn it; it is the reason for them coming so far. Not yet they wouldn’t. They only light the walls to let the rest of their kind know of their victory. They will be coming in through the gates now. They will occupy for a time, the winter at least. And then…”
“What of our citizens that have stayed?  What is going to happen to those who’ve not gotten out?”
“I don’t know.”  Hrulen grabbed at his broken arm to try and still the agonizing shaking that had begun.
“I don’t know either, but unless we want to stay and find out, we’d better be moving.” Hrelsin led them onward. The crowds continued to buzz. People threw possessions into wagons and hitched teams. Mothers wrapped babes and urged husbands to make haste. Children ran in and out of homes carrying bundles of clothes, food, and valuables. Men called out “What news?” and were too busy to hear the responses. Cries of “Make for the west gate!” rang out and were ignored as people kept grabbing their belongings.
And a new shout rose into the midnight air. The Ouros had opened the eastern gates and were flooding into the Theliant. They were rushing for houses and shops and any building that looked to contain something of value. Citizens were being routed in madness. The noise of the approaching masses gave new urgency to the wagon crowd. They left piles of clothes and baskets of food on the curb as they tried to whip their teams to carry them away. In their disorder they clustered and rushed for the end of the street as one body. Horses were lamed, wheels broken, people spilled. A wagon overturn and the horses of the wagon behind were driven into the wreckage in their frenzy.
Hrelsin threaded his way through the confusion. In the distance he could see the towers of the northwest gate. The soldiers standing guard stood ready for onslaught although there was no captain in sight. “He fled with the first wave of people!” they shouted to him when he asked after their leader. He pressed Hrulen into Luchen’s care and instructed him to clear the gate and take the west road to the nearest barrack. Hrulen barely kept his feet as the men traded places. Luchen felt the weight of his commander and demanded of the guards if there was a horse to be had. “Our commander let the civilians take the horses!” the impromptu leader of the guard shouted. They searched the backyard stables of some of the wealthier houses and found a dame’s palfrey, abandoned as the owner fled. Hrulen was heaved roughly into the saddle and the gentle white mare whinnied in protest of his excessive weight. Luchen took the mount’s bridle and began to pull it toward the gate. The light horse resisted then broke into a tentative trot.
Hrelsin noted that the guard left in this corner of the Theliant had been spare, smaller than the numbers he and his brothers were given to defend their corner. He called whatever leadership they had left together.
“How many people are left in this corner of the keep?” he asked.
“None, Captain. They fled with our commanders leading them. What is happening?”
“The Ouros have taken the eastern wall and are coming through the city. I would have you gather whatever food you can find, your arms, and whatever you’ll need to stay warm and prepare to march in five minutes!”
“Our captains have ordered us to stay and defend the wall.”
“Your captain has been yet another fool in a city full of them.  He would have you throw away your lives while he makes a safe escape. You are too few and the Ouros are too many. They will be here within the half hour and when they come they will meet resistance without mercy. Now, do as I say and quickly!”
These lieutenants hurried back to their guards and the word spread. A line formed and provisions were pulled from a store room. They passed sacks of grain and bags of stored autumn nuts hand to hand until a considerable pile stood in the middle of the snowy street. The separate troops formed up and passed in front of the pile pulling whatever amount of provisions they felt they could handle for the march. Packs were laden with the provender and a marching order was in place. In eight minutes the company had formed. Hrelsin was impressed with the efficiency of the men; it spoke of excellent leadership although their captains had fled. He was puzzled until he saw the attention and deference given to one of the lieutenants. A small, spare man, he spoke only once and his orders were completed. Hrelsin directed this most unassuming of lieutenants to lead the column and head for the farmlands of the west. He stood at the gate as they went past and counted one hundred thirty-eight men:  not enough to launch a counterattack, or even to retake the Theliant in the spring. But surely there would be others who would flee to the frontier and their numbers would swell. He hoped.
The men marched through the midnight air, their breath streaming. Their chain mail and weapons clattered and clinked as they walked, but stealth was not a concern. Snow crunched under their feet and already Hrelsin could feel the cold settling into his toes. He put a hand to the bandage around his neck. The wound was cold, the blood stanched by the strip of cloak in Marwaer’s detested chosen color. He reached a hand to the cloth and felt the empty groove beneath the soaked material where an arrow had passed, notching his skin. The other wound, almost forgotten, had soaked more of the dressing, but felt neither as dangerous nor as painful as the first. The thrust had been weak, his attacker off balance and straining just to reach him as he slid on the ladder. Still, he felt the fatigue of the blood loss. He mused that it was all in his shirt.
He rushed forward when unbidden, the column came to a halt. The lieutenant in the lead had stopped and a detail was arranging a litter for Hrulen. The palfrey, so burdened by the heavy man in armor instead of its dainty mistress, had gone lame in the deep snow. Luchen held Hrulen in his arms. The old captain looked dead, but Hrelsin saw a soggy stream of breath flow from between his lips. The lieutenant had men assembling a stretcher from pikes and a blanket.
So much loss, Hrelsin thought. Thorden dead and Hrulen nearly so. In his pained mind, Hrelsin saw his younger brother fall again. Thorden had swept their foes from the walls as they reached the top. His bow sang and every arrow found its place in the breasts of the Ouros. When his shafts were gone he used his sword, a longer blade than most men carried. But he was strong and quick with it and threw down many enemies and the space around his small company grew wide as they slew so many and more feared to approach. But their enemies came at the corner of the wall and Hrulen’s position, their true target, was overrun. Thorden had run along the battlements when he saw Hrulen fall. He gave no thought to his own peril as he darted through the clumps of struggling men to reach his brother. He slashed on both sides to clear his path as he raced toward the breached corner. He didn’t see the axe as it was swung wildly at another and struck the side of his helmet. The last Hrelsin had seen of him was his body sliding from the wall, pushed aside by the press of Ouros toward the corner.
Hrelsin allowed himself to fall to the back of the column. Tears froze on his face and formed like icicles in his beard. “Thorden!  Thorden!” he cried to none save himself.
He walked alone with his grief. The young man, Luchen, would care for Hrulen as he had been doing for some time. As Hrelsin had witnessed his younger brother’s death, so he had also witnessed his older brother’s defense. He had seen Luchen bowl into the man who would have ended Hrulen’s life. He had seen Luchen bring his sword down across the crest of the other man’s helm. With his foe dispatched the young man had exposed himself to more enemy arrows as he climbed the battlement and kicked away first one and then another ladder. The arrows had all but ceased as friend and foe were too well-mixed, but a ragged volley was sent toward the singular young man as he danced and shouted from the top of the wall. Two struck his mail shirt and glanced away; one hit solidly against his shin guard and shattered; one became lodged in the heel of his boot. As the two ladders fell, four more rose. Luchen jumped from the merlons and carried his captain into the shelter of the tower. And now up the column, he walked, his hands grasping the litter that carried his captain away from their home.
The ground began to rise steeply as they walked through old forests. Snow piled on branches and sifted down like ground wheat onto a baker’s board as the wind blew now and again. The guard for the northwest tower marched in grim succession. Not a man complained when the cold air began to bite into their skin or the heavy packs they took for themselves dug into their shoulders. The ground underfoot was trampled with the boots of Thesilia’s citizens and the hoof prints of the king’s horses which bore the wealthier of those citizens away. With these men’s captains in their lead, Hrelsin thought bitterly. He would have a word for those men if ever they met, and he hoped they would take great offense at his words.
He trudged on, feeling the stiffness of his wounds, the fatigue of combat and flight. He dug the palms of his hands into his eyes to remove the moisture that threatened to collect there. He sobbed again despite the wiping of his tears. What could be said to Thorden’s young wife?  And Hrulen’s wife if he didn’t survive the march?  And their children would grow without fathers although Hrulen’s oldest son was nearly of age to join the guards himself.
He dried his eyes. He was done with weeping. The sorrow would always remain, but he would shed no more tears over the spoil of this day. He paused as the column mounted the crest of the hill. The lead troop was already descending the other side when he turned and looked back at the Theliant. People were following his small army. They were the remainder of the citizens who managed to escape before the Ouros took the last of the walls and closed the gates making prisoners of any who did not get out. And on the walls, for as far as he could see in either direction, torches were lit as the Ouros began to sack the city in earnest.

Chapter 36: Welcome to Torn

Kamafial limped. His leg refused to get loose. Between the long struggling trek across the snowy expanse and the twisted knee that still throbbed whenever he put his weight on it, he thought it would never heal. He noted that the elf and the snow-dog had no troubles gliding over the plain.
Damantan carried as much as he could to ease the burden on Kamafial’s shoulders. The young elf was overcoming his fears of the trolls. His first impression of them was of the four beastly, dirty scoundrels that Kamafial had scared off. They appeared fearsome enough, but the last time he’d looked at them, they were distant specks leaving puffs of drifting snow in their wake. He was beginning to feel that there was a natural order to the world and that trolls occupied a place somewhere well below elves.
This may be because of the vitality he felt as he aimed an arrow at the troll leader, ready to loose the shaft and prevail. Probably though, it was because they had not seen another troll in the three weeks since their encounter at the Tar Delanon. The absence of danger makes the heart stouter, as the elders said. He wondered that they always laughed after these lines. He smiled to himself as understanding came.
Kamafial was curious about the lack of folk altogether in the Westfields. For days they had walked across the crusty snow without seeing a single footprint. The nights were chilly but quiet; no voices carried on the wind. Even the keening of the gusts was muted as if the land were holding its breath. Keef had raised his hackles only once in the last three weeks. A scrawny and lonely looking wolf burst from the cover of a stand of trees and ran off toward the distant mountains of the north looking over its shoulder with its tongue lolling and a cramped looking gait. The snow-dog began to give chase until Kamafial gave a piercing whistle and the dog stopped.
For the last week, they had stopped at different scattered stands of trees each night and built up healthy fires. They ate hot meals and were warm. They allowed the flames to climb high and the smoke to billow until overhanging branches bounced in the heat. At such times, Kamafial was able to extend his knee and find some comfort, but morning always brought back the stiffness. He considered stopping for a few days and simply staying off his legs, but something nagged at his conscience to make haste. Some inkling that he couldn’t account for suggested to him that if he didn’t arrive at Torn as soon as possible, then things were going to go wrong, although he had no idea what those things would be or how they could go wrong. He worried the Thesilins would reopen the wounds of their long rivalry with the trolls if they had to linger too long at the border between the Sevenfolds and the Westfields.
War between the men and trolls would bring misery to everybody.
So it was that he limped across the bridge at Torn. Damantan walked along beside him, stoic in his elfin way. The young elf had stopped scanning the horizon for signs of enemies, but now looked merely to see the lustrous beauty of so much unbroken snow across what was fine country otherwise. He often commented about how the desolation was oddly attractive and how the wealth of plush grasslands beneath could tempt even an elf to adopt animal husbandry. Kamafial laughed at this, and after a moment Damantan joined him. But the elf had grown quieter the last few days, almost brooding on the coming encounter. What help would the Thesilins require from his kin?  The early days of endless questions about the Westfields had taxed Kamafial’s memory, but those days seemed ended and the elf seemed to have come into maturity somehow. Kamafial sometimes heard him singing songs under his breath or reciting old stories. He felt certain his elfin friend could have recited all the stories he’d related the first few days, such was the young elf’s memory.
Damantan stopped on the bridge and walked to the edge. Down below was a frozen watercourse, covered now with several feet of drifted snow. It was not so far down as he’d imagined it. He expected the Ter’ran Hump to be a bottomless chasm, but was able to tell which kinds of trees and bushes were growing in the bottom from where he stood. He could even tell where the larger rocks in the meandering stream were from the humps they left in the snow.
“It’s not what I expected.”
Kamafial stopped. “It never is. But this is only one section of the Ter’ran Hump. There are others that are so steep and sheer that you could not see the bottom from the top without risking your life. Very few are they who’ve been to the bottom of the Scar and lived. It is said that some of the elves escaped their ruin in this shallow gorge when the trolls and ogres overran the defenses of Torn. Men failed them on that day. But they have since shown again their value as allies.”
“Is that why the bridge is here?  Because it is not so steep?”
“It’s here because of the village. Just ahead, around that lump of a hill we should come to the main road into Torn. The village was here before the bridge.”
Damantan grasped the rail of the bridge. He was curious as to how the bridge was built. How did the men and elves of long ago span the chasm, working from only one side, he wanted to know. He asked Kamafial.
“That is exactly how they did it,” he said. “They built from the village side using counterweights and balances until their platform reached to the other side. Then they just kept building and adding until the counterbalances weren’t needed anymore. They built it big for people to bring their trade wagons and trains back and forth. At one time, Torn was the crossroads of the north, as important as any city you’ll find in all the Nor Garnot.”
“No more?”
“No. Wars began to boil up, from the ground it seemed. The battle of elves and trolls was only one in a long line of battles for control of the city and the Westfields beyond, neither the first nor the last. The city itself was razed over and over, rebuilt smaller each time until it became more like a big hollow camp than a proper town. But the bridge was ever the same, unspoiled. None were foolish enough damage this important crossroad. The bridge became more important than the city had ever been. Then came the trolls. They don’t build. It is only in the last few hundred years that men have crept back this way. But they are the kind of men that trolls tolerate which means they are the kind of men we want to avoid dealing with if we can.”
Damantan thought about this for a time. He scraped together a fistful of snow and packed it into a ball. He let it fall from the side of the bridge and watched it dive straight into the drifted flakes below. It disappeared from view with only the softest whisper. Keef stood next to him, his big rear paws scratching a white furry shoulder. The dog seemed more tense as they came closer to their destination.
“Which brings me to us and our visit in Torn. Unless things have changed considerably, you’ll find that the trolls are still in charge here. There are men about, and you’ll want to be wary of them by all means, but never take your eyes off a troll or let one get behind you. Stand up for yourself, but don’t be openly defiant. And don’t meet their eyes unless you want them to talk and threaten you.
“They’ll tell us we have to pay to get in the walls, but we don’t pay. As long as we are together, they’ll not want to press the issue. Not at the gates anyway. They’ll look for us to make some kind of tribute for our stay. We tell them we intend to spend all that we have in the village and that should make them happy as I suspect they take a cut of everything that happens there. Hopefully, between us and the guards of the Thesilins, it won’t become an issue at all when it comes time for us to leave.
“I know this won’t make sense, but we’d be better off actually staying here a few days and leaving some of our wealth. If we arrive and leave too suddenly, we are likely to be beset by one of the gangs, for it would be noted. They’d want to know what our purpose was as the elves rarely come this way since the old days. Curiosity more than thievery would be all the reason they would need.”
“They would attack an armed escort? Assuming we’ll be joined by the Thesilins?”
“They would ambush that escort.”
“What if the Thesilins haven’t arrived yet?”
“Then we find a nook to hole up in for a while. And eat something other than trail food. And find some hot water.”
They passed a tense moment at the gate. The dog, Keef, voiced a deep forbidding growl at the trolls manning the entrance, and an insult was breathed at Damantan for he made no effort to conceal his race. Kamafial, with his human father’s blood, passed unmolested. Damantan kept his head up and tried to keep in step with his friend, his hands drifting toward the twin knives sheathed within his cloak. Kamafial caught his eye and with the minutest movement of his head indicated that the knives should not be drawn. He could see that the young elf was almost stricken with terror and hoped he would not be so rash as to show a weapon.
“Oh, but he’s a haughty one!  A dirty little croaker with his nose in the air!” one of the trolls cried, and they yelped their hideous laughs. Damantan recognized that they were baiting him and was even more afraid. He dropped his hands to his sides and followed his friend without a word.
True to his word, they passed within the village without making the payment Kamafial predicted would be asked of them. His demeanor changed when the door in the wall first opened; he seemed taller, his shoulders wider, his face sterner. Damantan noted that the pronounced hitch in his friend’s stride was gone. Kamafial’s face was a mask; no sense of the pain that marked his features as he toiled through the snow was there now. Instead, his face was dark, the rough beard making him look almost as wild as the trolls. There was no question raised when he refused to make the requested payment, his voice harsh and demanding. “We’ll keep what is ours until we spend it here. You can wait for that,” he said. Damantan was surprised by the tone and shocked that the trolls didn’t shrink from it as he nearly did himself. They snarled and nodded and opened the door.
The air had been close within the small guard shack, the sour smell of trolls and other unwashed bodies heavy on the air. The open air of the village afterward seemed only mildly better. Hovels lined both sides of a muddy street for several hundreds of strides. Dirty slush filled puddles and troughs between the ruts of wagon wheels. The dirt was a slick black color, churned by so many tramping and dragging feet. The buildings facing this quagmire were hastily assembled from cast off parts of other buildings now defunct. What should have been a pleasant old town had the look of a garbage pit experiencing an upheaval.
They slogged through this mess, their boots becoming caked with muck. The pure white fur of the snow-dog’s legs became dark stockings. Damantan lifted the hem of his cloak lest it should become similarly stained. The houses lining the streets were dark and unsteady, abandoned despite their precarious construction. Further up the track was a lit patch of mud, an intersection blazing with torches on each corner. The buildings appeared to be of better design and materials, though they too stood shady and forlorn.
“This is the oldest section of the village,” Kamafial spoke. His voice had returned to its usual amiable tone. “This is where the human population of Torn lives if you can call the daily occupation of these people living. Most of the decent folk left when the trolls arrived. Some few remained, the worst sort who didn’t mind their barbarous neighbors. Those with more civility traveled east to the other human settlements or were killed by the trolls. Theirs is a ‘share one, share all’ kind of culture at times, except when the lust for all comes upon them. Then it seems their way is share none, take all.”
“There don’t seem to be many people here,” Damantan observed, a slight tremor still clinging in his voice.
“Nor many trolls,” Kamafial added. “You remember the elders telling us the trolls were moving southward?  We must have only seen the last of them as we came across the plain. Your apprehensions were unnecessary.”
“It seems on the plains it proved that there was less cause for concern, but there is something different at work here. I feel more endangered here than I ever felt in the Westfields.”
“That is merely the closeness of this place after the weeks of the open prairie. You feel as if the buildings themselves had eyes and watched your progress.”
“No,” Damantan insisted with a low hiss. “There are eyes here that do track our steps. My neck hairs do not speak falsely of this. And my ears. They are not as attuned as my elders back in Thimbol, but I hear the suck of mud dragging at other boots.”
Kamafial stopped and turned. The street behind them was empty, the yawning gaps between the poor buildings bare of even the odd shadow. He watched for a minute to see if some misty breathing would give away a stalker’s efforts at stealth, but the chill blue black air hung as sullen and dead as when they’d trudged through just moments before. “It is the trick of the echoes in this place. Pat down your hairs and let us…”
Keef emitted a low rumbling from within his chest. The dog stood as if frozen by the frigid air, his keen eyes piercing the darkness and lighting on something in the shadows ahead.
“You were saying…” the elf whispered. He moved up beside the dog and went to place a hand on the animal’s broad back, but withdrew it when he saw the agitation there. Keef quivered where he stood as if he struggled against his own muscles to remain in place. Damantan probed the shadows, directing his gaze at the place that had so arrested the dog’s attention. He reached for the blades in his cloak. There was movement there. Slow, furtive creeping at the back of one of the better assembled buildings. Two trolls were slipping around the corner of a dark house, intent on something in the adjacent street.
“What mischief is this?” Kamafial asked. He too had seen the trolls moving away in their clumsy stealth. “No doubt they go to waylay and rob some other visitor.”
“Do we not go to help their victim?”
“And become victims ourselves?  We have only seen two of them. Skies alone knows how many more we did not see. Besides, we have a more pressing concern and it begins to weigh somewhat heavily. We must find the delegation from Thesilia.”  He could see that Damantan was uncertain. “Torn is divided between victims and victors, and they change sides nearly every day. Drive it from your mind. Likely as not, the unfortunate they go to pounce upon is another troll, or at the very least another that would make victims of others if given the chance.”
“What if those we are to meet are the very ones being attacked?”
“Let us listen then. If we hear the clash of sword and spear, then we’ll know this is no simple knock on the head and emptying of pockets. If it prove otherwise, then we’ll draw our weapons and make for the corner to see what manner of combatants there are. It could well be rival gangs preying on each other.”
They stood awhile, shivering as their feet seemed further encased by the dank street. A single muffled commotion was heard, followed by a short trollish howl. Keef let out a single whine, but remained still. Damantan kept his hands within his cloak, the handles of his knives smooth on his fingertips. Every moment in Torn from his first step into the relative shelter of the guard house to now when some quiet violence was being done just the other side of an unimpressive house seemed fraught with danger. He looked at his older friend and saw a man somehow comfortable despite these tentative perils. Even the limp that left uneven tracks in the snow over all the distance they walked to get here seemed to have disappeared in this threatening place.
“I think our apprehensions are satisfied. That was a troll’s voice. They still prey on each other. It seems things don’t change much. Or they’ve met with something able to fend for itself. Either way…” Kamafial shrugged and continued through the snow.
“How many times have you been here before,” Damantan asked suddenly.
Kamafial said, “Many times. I stopped here often when I lived in the Westfields, though I’ve not been here in a few decades, I should think.”
“And it has not changed since then? Not the least?”
Kamafial snorted. “Trolls are slow to learn, slow to change. There is little  about the place that is different, except that usually there are even more trolls around. I would guess that many have gone to their southern war with your distant kin. The village itself is only more weather-beaten, fallen into more disrepair. Trolls don’t care about such things. Nor do the kinds of men that would have them for neighbors.”
“Are there ogres here as well?” Damantan had heard stories of the ogres alongside those of the trolls. He wondered if now that he’d seen his first trolls, the opportunity to see his first ogres was also upon him.
“Ogres are very rare in these parts. The once allied themselves with the trolls, but that alliance has been long dead. I think the two races are perhaps too similar, with just enough prejudice to note the differences, small as they may be, and therefore they’ve grown to despise one another. I doubt we’ll see any ogre-sign. It’s my understanding that they’ve grown used to the cold moors of the north and the east.” Kamafial adjusted the light pack. Damantan saw him readjust the sword hanging from his hip. In answer to the young elf’s unspoken question, Kamafial smiled and said, “Just in case.”
Damantan swallowed and loosened the knives in their sheaths.
They trod on. The street to the right was empty, no sign of violence showing on the slick blackness of the mud. Keef showed signs of wanting to investigate further down the road, but Kamafial held him in check with a low whistle. He rubbed the lock of fur hanging from the top of the dog’s massive head. “We’ll look another time, my friend,” he whispered. The dog licked its lips and stared.
The next intersection was the center of the village. Torches burned in iron grates on the corners. Candles and lanterns glowed behind shuttered windows. Raucous laughter and grunted curses came from behind the doors of one of several inns claiming the four corners. Harsh troll voices were even more hideous in their mirth. Their laughter seemed almost cheerless as if they got no joy from being made to laugh. One would have thought that merriment brought pain to them from the sound of it.
The buildings here were in the best shape of all they’d seen so far. But even here, the lack of maintenance was beginning to show. All color was gone from the walls; doors sagged in their frames; plank sidewalks were warped so they rolled like sea swells. Kamafial examined the exteriors of the four inns. Most of the noise came from the one best lighted. 
While he watched, the front door crashed open and a troll staggered through. The hair along the hem of the troll’s greatcoat was smoldering, but he paid it no notice. He stepped from the sidewalk to the side of the building, a large mug in his hand. Damantan was appalled to see the troll tip back the mug until it was drained, throw his empty container into the muck of the road, and begin to fumble with the buckle of his belt. Clearly this was not the place to stay.
“Why would anybody wish to come here?” he asked. “Why would your friend have chosen this as our meeting place?  Surely there is some alternate place less—less like this place?”
Kamafial’s smile was grim. “It is at least one hundred leagues in either direction to find another place to cross the Ter’ran Hump. That is why the bridge has always been so important. To have gone further north at this time of the year would be to invite a frozen death. South would have meant going to the Murkhiil Plains, which I’m sure you’ve heard about, and a much longer journey. There is nothing else for it.”
“I’d rather have dealt with the possessed land at Murkhiil than this!”
“So should I, but we are here. Let us find some lodging and get off this street. Torn is an improvement in the daylight, but only slightly better than after sunset.”
He turned toward the dimmest of the four inns. The door creaked on its hinges and scraped into an arcing semi-circle that had been grooved into the threshold, but there was a warm blaze in the fireplace and only a few folk sitting around the tables of the common room. This lot seems more reserved, but no less dangerous than the crowd across the street, Damantan decided. He was uncomfortable that the dozen heads in the room all turned at the door’s screech, and wished he’d had the foresight to pull the hood of his cloak up. Several of the eyes that appraised him bulged from the swollen heads of trolls. Keef padded up next to him, eyes wide, hackles raised.
“You can’t bring that mutt in here,” a voice growled. The speaker was a sour faced man with a greasy nose. He stood behind a counter, one hand gripping a hunk of some dark and loathsome looking bread, the other wrapped around a truncheon.
“This ‘mutt’ is cleaner than most of your guests,” Kamafial hissed. Damantan saw that his friend’s demeanor had changed again.
The man regripped his hammer, his eye wandering toward his small assembled crowd of patrons.
“Got you a girlfriend there, have you?”  A little man, crooked nose, mossy teeth, black eyebrows over pale brown eyes, greasy lank hair. He was pointing at the elf. The others in the room laughed. Conversations that had been paused were altogether forgotten as every eye stayed focused on the entrance in anticipation of some sport.
Keef bared his teeth and gave a resounding bark.
“You’d best keep your puppy on a leash,” the little man said and drew a dagger from within the sleeve of his coat. Some of the others in the room pulled similar blades from hidden places.
Damantan looked to the half-elf. He felt certain the expression in Kamafial’s eyes could have frozen every puddle in the street had they not already been rimed with frost. The large, notched sword on his hip and the infuriated scowl on his face made no impression on the inn’s guests. He reached a hand out and urged Damantan back through the door. Damantan pulled Keef away and quitted the room.
“Is there no friendly face in this place?” the elf asked once the door had been closed on them and they stood in the street again.
“We will find a place,” Kamafial said and trudged away from the intersection. After a few moments they came to another inn; “The Lion’s Sword,” hanging on a shingle over the door. The lanterns within were turned down low. No jocular voices sounded from inside. The door swung open with ease. A small fire burned on the hearth and the largest man Kamafial had ever seen sat in a rocking chair next to it. “You have a room to let?” he asked.
The man stood, towering over the half-elf, almost as tall as the bigger trolls. His eyes were glazed by sleep, his expression heavy, almost dumb. Long hairs grew from his nostrils and ears. He thrust a finger into his ear as if to clear some blockage. Kamafial had to look up since his eyes reached only to the seam on the shoulder of the shirt the man wore. “I have rooms,” he said, “but no guests. I will not serve ale.”  His accent was strange, his words almost sounding doubled as he pronounced each one as if it were two syllables.
“That is well since we’re not wanting ale, but food and beds.”
The man looked at them each in turn, his foolish brow clouded as if he struggled with some memory. He yawned showing lines of yellowed teeth inside his gaping mouth. “You will pay more for the dog.”  A statement leaded with finality. Damantan wondered if there would be harsh words. The giant sounded as if he dared them to be defiant with him. Instead of stiffening and glaring, Kamafial laughed.
“We’ll pay extra for the dog, and even more if you can find us some clean water to bathe not only the dog but ourselves.”
“I can get water. You pay extra. I will make you food. You pay extra.”  He looked directly at Kamafial and said, “ I answer questions. You pay extra.”
“Fine. We will pay extra. Do you have any other guests here now?”
“No guests. You wash and I fetch food. You sleep and I cook. I keep the fire alive. Whatever you want to do.”  He held a hand up. There were scars on his arms and two fingers were missing from the hand. One finger pointed at the ceiling.
“Have you seen any other strangers come through?  A group of Thesilins maybe?”
“See some Thesil come through. They stay where there is ale.”  A second finger joined the first.
“Any soldiers among them?”
“No soldiers. Troll friends, thieves, traders.”  The giant man raised his remaining finger. A troubled expression clouded his already simple face. “You count questions,” he said, and lowered his hand. He frowned as he seemed to lose his train of thought. He lifted out several branches from a wood bin and fed them to his fire. After a moment he said, “You pay more for the dog.”
“Yes, we’ll pay more for the dog and the bath and the food and the questions.”
“Good!  It is agreed. You will not cheat me or I will kill you.”  He pointed at a blunted old battle axe next to the wood bin. Despite the dull gleam that shone on the blade from countless hours of splitting logs for his fire, traces of blood still threaded their way across the iron head. He grinned, the gaps between his stained teeth showing dark like the dried blood on the axe.
“You will tell us if you see any other strangers come through?”
“Is that a question or do you want me to watch for you?  I will watch the road. You pay extra.”  He scratched his head and looked at the three callused fingers on his good hand. He held them up and did a quick count. He raised the other hand. Only four fingers remained to this appendage. He stuck a digit from the other hand up to join the  three held in front of his face. His lips moved as counted again.
Damantan muttered under his breath, “More than seven questions, and we’re going to have a problem here. The giant stared, uncomprehending.
“You can show us to a room now?”  Kamafial scratched the dog between its ears. He had to look away to keep from laughing at the massive simpleton.
Their host hesitated, unsure whether to count this as a question he should be charging them for. He started to raise a finger and realized that he need only tell them which room they should occupy, which was what his business was anyways. He grunted and said, “Take the room at the top of the stair. No other guests. I don’t serve ale. I have to kill them when they get drunk and make fun of me. So they don’t stay.”  He thought a moment, dismayed that he’d lost track of how many fingers to keep raised when he pointed out the stairs. “You count questions. Pay extra when you finish asking questions.”
“We’ll pay the extra for everything,” Kamafial said over his shoulder as he climbed the stair. “Don’t forget the water and food.”  He heard the large man saying something about food and water being extra as he closed the door.

Chapter 37: Innocence Lost

Melisill had to shout to be heard. The rain fell, alternating between light sprinklings and heavy sheets. Several elves had rushed forward and tried to push the prostrate tree further into the river in the hopes that it would wash away. The river rose with the downpour adding its volume to the water and one of the trees was pushed away, but the cost had been great. Of the eight elves who made the attempt, only three returned to the tree line defenses, the rest struck by a hail of stones and the arrows of the few men that led the goblins and trolls. In the meantime, the trolls had thrown two more trees into the river and were chopping at another. The tree fell with a dash into the water and the goblins charged in modest numbers.
Some few slipped on the soggy tree trunks and clung to branches pleading for their kin to pull them from a soggy fate. More came on, ignoring the cries of their brethren. The first volley of arrows from the elves served an even greater purpose than intended. Several goblins fell. Dead or injured, the effect was the same. Those coming behind had flailing bodies to contend with. The trees shook and bounced as they ran. The river swept along; one tree shifted, dumping a body of goblin soldiers into the water.
In answer to the elves’ volley, the goblins loosed a barrage of stones into the unseen defenders. Rocks honed to sharp edges slashed through the dormant bracken. Needles from streamside evergreens were shorn from the trees. Vines and creepers were sliced as the missiles whistled into the woods. Melisill heard elfin cries as he notched another arrow and sent it into the chest of the nearest goblin.
Upstream, more trees were being heaved into the river. Axes were biting into trunks and trolls were pushing their victims out over the water. Another foray of goblins made to dash across the Silwing, their shields thrust in front of them, their small curved daggers and swords in their hands. Melisill watched as their progress was stymied; arrows flew from too many different quarters for their shields to be effective. He was alarmed to note that it had taken a large part the elves near at hand firing at an angle to crumple their attack. The goblins that hadn’t fallen to the river one way or another backed away from the elfin shore. They faded into the trees.
On the far bank, the humans took up a general cry in their strange language and all was quiet except for a tremendous rustling. He heard an echoing cry go up in the troll tongue and briefly regretted his sheltered life; he was sure he could have understood their speech if he’d ever ventured out of Fridia. He needn’t have dwelt on his regret for long as the orders given were soon obvious. As one, a mass of trolls rushed from the woods dragging several dozen trees behind them. They shoved them into the river where the downed trees rolled and tumbled and eventually became so tangled that they were one solid, immovable cluster. Melisill understood that the goblins had simply probed before and that the desperate struggle was still before them.
They came in staggering numbers. Each goblin that fell with a shaft through his body was replaced by two more, the press from behind was so great. Rocks still blazed through the trees and underbrush. Despite the multitude thronging over the river, an equal number still stood on the far bank slinging stones. The elves held their lines despite the flurry of missiles and sent arrow after arrow into the goblin horde. Their mass was so great that aim was unnecessary and the elves loosed their ammunition at a frantic pace. But at a rate of one elf for every five goblins fallen, they elves would not be able to claim victory. 
Melisill waited until the latest possible moment to order their withdrawal. When it came, they retreated only some forty paces into the wood and arranged themselves to cover the trails they had arranged. They were safe for a time from the cruel slings but their own missiles would also be less effective. The trees that provided for their cover afforded the goblins the same advantage although to a lesser degree. But their greater numbers was their advantage.
They pressed this advantage, streaming now unopposed over the river, using the raised banks as shelter, dashing from tree to tree, and hurling their stones with a fearsome velocity and little regard for targets. The randomness of these slicing weapons was almost as troublesome as if the elves knew they were targets. They could at least take some measure to hide and protect themselves, but the stones came from no specific direction and could be devastating. Eventually, the goblins reached a point where it was not safe to proceed. They stumbled on the trip lines strung over the trails; they found themselves thwarted from circling and flanking their opponents by woody vines with cruel thorns; they found the elfin volleys too intense to charge into.
Again, their offensive seemed to grow slack and Melisill knew it was only another calm before another storm. He brushed away tears at the number of elves that had fallen, friends and family alike. He heard little from the force that was gathered upstream and hoped they had heard the first order to fall back lest they should have be overrun and his position flanked. He estimated that he still had most of his troop although a large number were injured, some grievously. No injury had come to him although his fingers were raw from stretching the wet bowstring.
Through the trees he could hear the sounds of the goblins hacking through the barriers in an effort to escape the narrow alleys the elves had created. The field became quiet except for the chopping of swords against vines and nettles. The rain dripped between the branches. Melisill’s teeth clacked together involuntarily and he hugged his fingers beneath his arms. He would have preferred climbing a tree and sending shafts down into their attackers from above, but to do so would leave the fallen completely helpless to the goblins on the ground. Besides, he reasoned, when his supply of arrows was depleted and he had to rely on his blades, he’d have to be on the ground anyway. He sought a higher position atop a mossy river rock that had been thrust away from the shore in the long ago when the river had once flooded and raged through the southlands.
They came with a shout. Melisill did not doubt that during the lull, the force of goblins from the other side of the river had crossed over. The barrage of stones began anew. Chips flew from the boulder; trees were lacerated; elves cried in alarm. It began as a stream and became a river. Every alley through the trees was clogged with goblins howling their curses at their longtime enemies. The wood filled with the grunting, panting, crying, clashing, groaning, splintering, trampling, thrashing, and dying of warriors and arms. Melisill was prepared to cast aside his bow and retreat as a rear guard, slashing any who pursued when the goblin flank was struck. Halisill and his small force had arrived!
They were too small to do more than cast confusion into the ranks of the goblins, but it was blessing that they did. Their effect would have been no more than a rock tossed into a stream:  the water would be displaced but for a moment and would continue its course downstream. But water doesn’t think or fear, and the goblins, ignorant and barbaric as they were, did both. The fifteen arrows that flew into their flank became one hundred fifty as their minds suddenly sprang to thoughts of a trap. The arrogant, tree-loving elves had lured them into a slaughter, so some of them believed. Their right flanked turned to flee and were tripped or knocked to the ground by the press of goblins from behind. Chaos ensued as the terrified cried ‘ambush’ into the faces of their comrades.
The lead ranks of goblins came on, their purpose unhindered by the confusion to their rear. Melisill loosed his last shaft into the chest of his attacker. The goblin was close enough that Melisill could see the inky depths of his piggy eyes and smell the stench of his last breath. He hurled his bow into the teeth of the next in line and jumped from his perch. His blades flashed as he pulled them from their sheaths. Around him, the remaining elves followed his example whether their stock of arrows was exhausted or not. None would want to mistakenly shoot their brethren in the general melee that was to follow. He stepped to meet the onrush, oblivious to the torn skin on his fingertips, the groove along his thigh where a stone had struck him when he stood on the boulder. His thoughts fled and he would remember very little of what was to come.
He struck out at the nearest enemy, his blade sinking into the soft flesh of the neck and withdrawing again just as quick, machinelike. He gave no more heed to the goblin as it staggered away and collapsed in a heap of dirty mail and sodden rags. Already he was driving forward, turning aside a thrust from a curved blade and slashing his foe as it tried to recover. The blood lust was on him: the pounding in the temples, the song of the blood in his heart and muscles, the lightness of his weapons, the clarity of the day, the sharp relief of a floating raindrop landing in a splash on the dented helmet of an enemy just before the blade slashed beneath the brow. He raged on despite the nicks and cuts received from each new encounter. The goblins became desperate in their efforts to avoid him or to kill him when they couldn’t.
He found himself alone, the sole living person in one of the elf-created alleys. Goblins lay about him in every angle of death. He wept at the carnage he had created, not for any remorse over the killing of hated enemies, but because the capacity for such ruthless violence had been within him. He felt a part of his life was gone, unequivocally departed like tears or blood spilled in a river. In fifteen minutes of blind, instinctive combat, the sensitive innocence of his sheltered life was over. He could never look upon his wooded homeland in the same way again.
As his breathing slowed and his head cleared, he felt the multitude of little hurts that had been visited upon him during his ordeal. His clothes clung to his body from the rain and he was a moment realizing that some of the wetness came not from the sky but from his own blood. He grimaced as he felt of the most obvious of his wounds. In one hand to hand struggle, goblin fingernails had raked along his cheek almost to his ear. He could feel his life’s blood drying, drawing his skin tighter. The back of his neck was damp with a mixture of rain and red and he could feel where a piece of his earlobe had been mangled. He continued to explore his other hurts, moving to more remote parts of his anatomy, always shocked and appalled that he’d not felt the injuries as they occurred. He was probing the groove in his thigh when Halisill came up through the trees. His mouth dropped open at the sight of his nephew. In a snap, he decided that it wasn’t the time to give the news of Analith’s death.
“Come along, lad. They have only fallen back; they’ve not retreated. Nor will they it seems. I would have us make one more stand so those injured can begin to make their escape. I would have you among those taking flight.”
His tears mixed with the rain. He gazed at his uncle and shook his head not trusting his voice to not betray the anguish he felt. He couldn’t have explained it. Halisill’s eyes grew soft.
“Where is your bow?  Your blades?”
Melisill began to sort through the bodies strewn along the path. He pulled his blades from the sides of two different goblins and wiped the gore off with a length torn from a goblin cloak. The bow was shattered; splintered pieces of wood hanging at either end of the string. Trampled and kicked, it had snapped in several places. He held it in his hands as if shocked that such would be the end of it. No matter, he thought, since he was out of arrows and doubted his fingers could draw another shaft.
“Take mine,” Halisill said, and pulled his bow from his shoulder. He began to pull spent arrows from the goblin fallen, sliding the straightest into his quiver.
The rain washed away most of the stain on Melisill. His clothes grew dark and heavy with water. He could feel his hand quaking as he reached for the quiver Halisill was offering. Halisill saw the exhaustion and misery and regretted the offer of bow and arrows. He looked away, saddened and shamed that he could do nothing for his nephew now, and would only offer more heartbreak when he had to tell him of his mother’s death later. He could feel the swelling of his throat, the sting of salty tears that he tried to hold back.
“How many?” Melisill muttered.
Halisill looked about. “Some dozen or more at least,” he said. “You’ve shown your valor enough, lad. Let me take the bow, and you start your way to Multhorn.”  He reached to take the bow away.
“How many of our kin have we lost?” Melisill’s voice cracked with the effort at words.
“Not as many as we have wounded, including you.”  Halisill felt that he was being evasive. He sighed and looked at the damp forest floor. “Too many,” he added.
“And my mother?”  Melisill knew that she had been determined to remain with Halisill, to offer whatever assistance she could to the elder elf. Now he saw that she was not by her brother’s side.
Halisill couldn’t bring himself to speak. There was nothing he could say to offer comfort. He would spare his nephew the violence of her death, the cruelty of the fate that claimed her so far from the real battle. Kind words for her would come, but as he thought them and looked at the face of his nephew, they sounded hollow and insincere, the kinds of sentiments people expressed about somebody they only marginally knew. Too long had Melisill and Analith been Halisill’s closest and most immediate family for him to reduce his praise for her to trite words. He sobbed in frustration.
“I will stay,” Melisill’s voice was small, but firm. “Take her away with you. I would not have a goblin lay his foul hands to her. It is for you to do, to lead the wounded away.”
“They are led already. My path has changed.”  He held a hand up to halt his nephew’s interruption. “I will carry Analith away with me. You needn’t trouble yourself on that. But, Nephew, do not tarry here longer than needed, and do not let your grief dictate your actions. Come away as soon as you can.”
Melisill sniffed and brushed aside the trickle sliding into the hook of his nose. He nodded. The pair embraced quickly and Halisill was gone through the trees, signaling for his small band to proceed apace, and angling southward toward the dead king’s bower and the small inlet where he had the dory boat waiting.
Melisill slung the bow and quiver over his shoulder, slipped his blades back into their sheaths, and picked his way further into the trees. He spied a line of his brethren fitting reclaimed arrows onto bowstrings. He winced at the idea of pulling against the taut string again with his chafed and bleeding fingers. The thin cloth from a cloak spun around his injured digits or even a goblin’s gauntlet would have helped to relieve the pain, but the opportunity to search for them was gone. The last goblin assault of Fridia began.

Chapter 38: Ambushed

Mercer wrapped his cloak about his shoulders and pulled the material tight over his chest. He grasped the cloth between cold, pale fingers that shook. His eyes were ever watchful of every direction. Beneath the cloak, his other hand gripped the knife he received from Hrulen Recht. He’d have much preferred the man’s company at this time, but the knife would have to do. He had it drawn from the scabbard, ready to be thrust at the first attacker to approach. His heart was pounding. He couldn’t be sure that anybody who approached him wouldn’t attack.
The sword seemed oppressively heavy of a sudden and far too conspicuous, long and unwieldy as it was, even hidden in the long cloak. Skies above knew what value the horrid denizens of Torn would place on it. The confidence he’d nurtured during his long days alone, carrying the sword and wielding it like an imaginary mythological hero, had gone as quickly as a wisp of cloud the moment the troll said they wouldn’t kill him. He realized he was relieved to hear those words although that relief signaled the demise of his confidence.
The village was dark. Every direction was colored in the deepest shadows like charcoal writing on a black wall. The warmest place seemed to be back through the door he’d just left, but there was no welcome there. Only threats and insults would be found in that room. He did what he had done for more than a month now and began to walk. The thought of entering one of the dilapidated shacks nearest the wall was appalling; who knew what kind of horrid man or troll already occupied any of the poor dwellings he passed. Besides, he was tired and hungry and cold, and only wanted to find some warm place where he could have a meal and a bed and make as tiny an impression as possible. He was dismayed to think there probably was no place in Torn that would have those simple pleasures available to him.
He could see fires glowing at the ends of alleys. Shrouded figures stood around them passing bottles and sacks back and forth. There seemed to be comfort at those fires and Mercer wondered that none of those standing around stamped their feet or slapped their hands or did any of the other things done when one is cold. Their breathing showed but they seemed not to notice. Wrapped as he was, he could feel the long plunge of winter creeping over the village walls. His instincts told him the next cold snap would last some time, renewing the frost on the northern world as velvet grows over a stag’s horns. While the moon slipped from behind a line of dark clouds like cloth beads on a necklace, he saw in the pale light that the revelers were all trolls, hairy and carefree. He passed on with speed lest they should spy him and be curious, or worse.
The next block had the tinkling of strings drifting out of one of the decrepit structures of worm eaten lumber and mossy stone. A strange, delicate sound that reminded him of petals on a river was floating on the moonlit air. The tune was unfamiliar; a simple melody, haunting in its primitive repetition. Mercer found himself wanting to approach and see what delicate soul within lay fingers to the delightful instrument, a lute or perhaps a mandolin. He imagined a young girl, beautiful, enchanted, a captive in this harsh land. Her carriage would be straight despite her suffering, her eyes clear despite her pain, her dainty wrist held above the vibrant strings despite her shackles. The fingers strumming would be so gentle and fair. She would welcome him as one welcomes a friendly shore after a hostile sea. They would escape into the night to some secret place known only to her, to eat and sup together, exchange some unspoken vows with yearning and expressive eyes, and be bound, while arm in arm he would know a night’s peace.
He listened, gravitating toward the broken fence, the slushy walkway, the weak fluttering candlelight. His reverie was broken by a strong, but broken and slushy voice:  “Oy!  Lay off with that infernal racket afore I come in there and rip your fingertips out, you mushy maggot!”
And an equally crude voice snarled, “Just think you that you’ll lay your hands on me, you pus covered croak, and I’ll boil your gizzard.”  The sound of shattering glass came through the ruined walls. The candlelight died. A hard slap was heard and the discordant screech as strings were scraped and wood was broken, the sound battered against a stone wall. Mercer hurried away.
The roads became confused, each broken shack appearing much the same as every other. He started at every sound however remote. The faintest whispering down some dark alley drove him to the other side of the road. A tumble of stones was caused by a wicked troll shifting its weight to spring that much better. The creak of a loose door flapping in the wind was some vulgar man preparing to rush out upon him. The guttering of street lamps was caused by the fierce breath of giants trying to plunge him into darkness. Grunts and arguments abounded in his imagination and every dark corner sheltered evil folk with gleaming eyes waiting for an unsuspecting victim. He spied what he took to be a cat and despaired at how improbable it was that he would see such a thing here. He’d always heard that trolls ate cats, not bothering to skin or cook them. Surely there was some kind of sorcery afoot although he’d never heard of trolls doing any kind of magic.
It was almost a relief then when something real presented itself. Ahead, the buildings were of a more stolid construction, rising above the low hovels he was traipsing past. Two story houses of the type built by merchants and other people with wealth who were not of the nobility. He felt as if he was reaching someplace substantial, some place that carried a semblance of civilization instead of the gloomy wilderness of the faltering shacks and their miserable tenants. His heart gave a surge and he felt that quickness throughout his limbs. He was finally getting somewhere!
They came from around the corner of a building. Not with inner fire lighting their eyes, nor gigantic statures, but as two low figures made smaller by the shadows. Mercer froze in the street, shocked that the promise of comfort was suddenly denied him. Such was his surprise that he stood transfixed, his cloak still thrown across his chest, the knife still clutched in a hand that was part of the statue he had become. The two figures raced at him, intent to bowl him over and take their spoil. Mercer’s eyes grew wider, bigger as his assailants grew wider and bigger, their steps tramping through the slushy mud. He only turned the knife at the last possible moment and the first troll crashed into him.
He was thrown as one unhorsed in a joust. His cheek hurt from a cut where the troll’s forehead had battered into him. His cloak was being pulled away and the first troll was howling and performing an odd dance. Mercer’s arm was numbed and he realized he no longer held the knife. He swiveled his eyes in a frantic search and saw it stuck in the troll. The troll had impaled itself on the blade through the coat and now hissed and capered trying to rid itself of the thin blade.
The second troll fell on him with fists and knees. He felt the pummeling blows as one hears the low knocking on a distant door interrupting an afternoon nap. He struggled to get up only to be shoved down again. The first troll pulled the knife from its side and aimed kicks at the struggling mass of man and troll, kicking his partner as often as he kicked Mercer. After what seemed an interminable time, the melee ended. Mercer writhed on his back with his arms pinned to his sides, atop the second troll. The fire of the frosty air dragged into his panicked lungs. The breath of both trolls clouded the air as they too gasped. The words of the second troll were halting, hot on his ear.
“Are you going to bleed him now, or do you want some fun with him first?”
The other looked at its own blood staining the hard thin edge of the knife. His eyes were bloodshot, his hair fiercely wild. A large, ragged circle of sickly darkness spread around a tear in his shirt and sagged toward his crude breeches. He threw the knife aside in obvious disgust.
“Not yet,” he panted. “I’m going to bleed him slow. Poke me all secret like, will he?”  And suddenly, the troll straightened, listening. His great ugly head came away from his shoulders as he craned to catch some distant sound. He reminded Mercer of nothing less than some wild beast of the field catching the scent of a hunter. He drew his head back down and hissed, “There’s others about. I’m not for giving a share of anything we take from this little croaker to anybody else. They’ve not bled for it like I done. Not like he’s going ter bleed for it when I gets down with him. Take him in there. We’ll stow him in the cellar while you stitch me up. And when he’s done,” the troll spat in Mercer’s face, “there’ll be no stitching for you my little croaker.”
They hauled him to his feet, the strong arms of the second troll still gripping him from behind. “Oy!  What have we here?” the troll said. He found the telltale lump of the money purse Hrulen gave Mercer.
“Give it over,” the first troll snarled. “I’m the one’s gotten all the trouble from this little maggot!”  
His accomplice growled, “Have all, share all, you know,” as he passed over the bag. Then, “You’ll not be giving me no trouble now, eh laddie?” he hissed in Mercer’s ear.
“He’ll not give you trouble,” the first said. Mercer saw the fist being balled, the elbow drawing back, and the hair growing on knobby knuckles just before he closed his eyes and felt the impact. His head snapped back glancing off that of his second captor. His ears rang; his stomach churned; his lips stung. He could feel the split on his cheek grow wider, aching that much more in the cold air. He allowed himself to go limp fearing another punch if he showed any sign that his will was still his own.
They dragged him to the nearest building. His second assailant complained that he was “a heavy little croaker” and roughly jerked him over the threshold. He heard the door swing behind them. “Just you consider being silent now, laddie, or I’ll carve you open from shoulder to shinbone.”  The threat was more horrifying, breathed as only the barest whisper in the shadowy hall. A harsh, callused hand fitted itself over his mouth. The first troll watched the length of the street through the narrow sliver between door and jamb.
“Tis a man, a elf, and a dog. A great, rotty croaker of a mutt, watching the street,” he breathed. Mercer started:  An elf!  The elves were from the west, where he was to go. The troll must have noticed his excitement. Mercer felt the grip on his mouth tighten, a brutal clenching over his jaw and bruised lips. Several moments of breathless silence passed. The trolls tensed, one at the lean spy-hole with his hand over the hole in his shirt, the other squeezing Mercer’s face until he felt his lips would purple and burst if he didn’t collapse for lack of breathing first. The troll at the door relaxed and pushed the door shut. He slumped to the floor
“He’s stuck me solid, Rawks. Stuck me good, he has. Throw the little croaker in the cellar and sew me up afore all my blood comes out.”
“You want I should gut this little fish now for you then?”  The troll Rawks sounded thrilled at the prospect. His grip loosened the smallest bit. He took his hand from Mercer’s mouth.
“No, lad. Throw him down the stairs there and get us some light in here; I don’t want you poking around me with a needle in the dark.”  He pulled his bloody shirt away from his wound, irritation furrowing his brow. Mercer could see in the dim light the shirt clinging to his side. The troll gave him a furious look that faded to puzzlement and surprise. “Oy!  He has another blade on him now, a big, croaking hunk of it there!”  He pointed at the forgotten sword on Mercer’s hip.
Mercer only remembered the sword then. He started with such violence that he nearly broke the troll’s grip, but fumbled after trying to pull the sword from its scabbard and allowed the troll to regain control. He felt himself being shaken as the troll tried to throttle him from around the chest and keep him from drawing the blade. He was lifted from his feet and carried bodily toward a door. His feet flailed trying to find some purchase to thrust back against and topple his opponent but the troll’s violence afforded him no chance. The troll swung him like a mountain cat trying to snap the neck of its prey.
A strong arm crooked over his head and around his throat. His head was jerked back, his breathing blocked by the arm. He thought they meant to slit his throat then. “Just you consider keeping still you little maggot, or I’ll rip it off!”  The voice roared in his ear so close that his hair was blasted away from his skull. He ceased his struggle in the hope that the troll would loosen his grasp and he could make another attempt to wrest himself free. The arms remained strong, one across his chest, the other across his throat. “Now, my little croaker,” the troll began. “I’m going to open the cellar door there, and if you give me any guff at all, I’m going lay you open from ankles to eyeballs.”  The troll backed them toward the door.
Mercer felt the arm unwrap itself from around his chest. Slowly he eased his head forward as if trying to breathe. He heard the doorknob being rattled as the troll tried to find it without looking. Mercer waited until he heard the swinging of the door to strike. He threw his head back into his captor’s face. A dull cracking sound startled him and he felt he’d go deaf from the scream in his ear. The arm fell away from his neck. He turned to face his foe and was struck on his ear. He staggered and found himself falling down the stairs into the total darkness of the cellar.
It seemed there wasn’t a single spot on his body that didn’t strike the edge of the steps at least once, and several places felt as if they’d hit many times. He groaned as he reached the bottom and rolled toward a wall that came up too fast. His leg and shoulder slammed against the mortared stones. He lay still. Thoughts came and went in his head as he tried to focus on not moving. None stayed any longer than it took for each new misery to be discovered. He felt like crying, but the first heave of his chest wracked him with pain and he calmed himself. 
A dark outline framed by the doorway stared down from the top of the stair. “Did you think I couldn’t see what yer was planning there, laddie?”  It was the first of the two trolls. Mercer could see that he still held his side and struggled to remain standing. “Old Rawks has got rocks for brains, but not I. Laddie?”  After a few moments of labored silence, “You isn’t dead just yet, are yer?”  Mercer answered with a gasp as he pulled the sword part of the way from its scabbard. The troll heard the gasp, but he also heard the hiss as steel scraped against leather. Perhaps he could even see the dull sheen of the partly exposed blade. “Oh, ho,” he said. “Still some fight in you yet, eh laddie?  We’ll see how much fight you have left when the sun comes up and our stitching’s done. We’ll see how terrible your sword arm is after a few days of freezing and starving down there. The door swung shut. Mercer could hear a lock turn.
He breathed shallow breaths. He made tiny movements. Despite the multitude of aches he found no bone that wouldn’t move. He couldn’t be sure, but he believed that nothing had been broken. He crept to a corner and drew his cloak around his battered body. Shivering ached. He could feel the bruises where every ring of his mail shirt had left an impression. Certain that he wouldn’t sleep, he allowed himself to sink against the wall. He listened for the lock turning in the door, for the sound of feet on the cellar steps, for the labored breathing of either of the trolls. He expected to hear rage from the one named Rawks over whatever part of his face Mercer had broken, but all was quiet up the stairs. He strained to hear the tiniest sound and grew tired from trying to hear what wasn’t there. He woke with the sword in his hand.
It was daytime. The cellar was still dark as pitch, but Mercer knew that up the stairs and out the front door, the sun was free of clouds, reflecting off the clean snow on the rooftops and illuminating the dirty trampled snow on the ground. A low moan escaped him as he stretched and the memory of a thousand hurts pulsed from bruise to bruise. The skin around his cheekbone was caked with dried blood. It felt as if the cut ran from the bridge of his nose to his ear, but his probing fingers found that it was really only about two inches long. The thought that he would have a scar from this injury flashed in his mind and the sound that came out of his mouth was neither a laugh nor a cry. He had much more to worry about than a simple scar.
He struggled to his feet and shuffled to the bottom of the stair. The thinnest slice of light showed under the door. All was silent in the room at the top of the stair. He waited for some indication that the trolls still had the charge of the house, but heard nothing. Maybe they have died from their wounds, he hoped.
He felt around in the darkness. His eyes had adjusted to where he could just make out vague shapes enough not to run into them. His hands encountered the rough texture of burlap, a bag that retained some shape though he couldn’t have guessed its contents. He dumped it to the floor and reached for what fell out, surprised that it hadn’t clattered against the stones, but landed with a soft fluff of sound. Clothes. Musty and stuck into smelly clumps. He piled the scattered spill into a single pile and lay the burlap on top. With flint and tinder, he soon had a small fire going though the smell of the burning clothes made his empty stomach turn.
He fed his fire with scraps of wood from decayed storage boxes and the collapsed timbers of a rack for wine barrels. The cellar was of modest size, nearly five strides square. The stairs came straight down the middle of the room ending just before the wall so you had to turn left or right once you reached the bottom. He remembered the sudden stop when he reached to bottom at the end of his fall. He’d be a long time forgetting it, at least as long as it would take for his bruises to mend. He looked at the stairs, surprised that they had held his weight; they appeared in no better shape than the storage boxes he was burning. But of course, he had taken the fastest way down. They didn’t look as if they would support him for long going up. In the light of his low fire, he climbed one step at a time, testing each plank before putting his full weight on it. Each creaked as sodden wood stretched against ancient nails. Mercer waited after each protesting step for some noise from the trolls above, but the house remained quiet. Near the top where the strain on the nails was greatest, he could actually feel the stairs sway.
The top step was only slightly wider than the others, a landing of sorts. He found a strong point to stand on and put his weight against the door. It was bolted fast. Still no sound of his captors came from the other side. He thought about the sword and its effectiveness against the door of the guardhouse on the Aggar Hront. But where to stand and swing it here?  The top step was too close and the others barely held his weight without him shifting and trying to throw the blunted weapon against the door. With his bruises, he doubted he could do much more than raise it up anyway. He crept back down the stairs and tossed another pile of moldy clothes onto his fire. His stomach bubbled and churned.
He spilled the contents of his pack on the floor hoping to find some loose nuts or a few crumbs from one of Hrulen’s cakes. There came a few pieces of dried tinder, an unrecognizable piece of vegetable from the farm of Brechen, a huka nut, the sheath for the knife the troll had thrown away, an empty water sac, the nutcracker Hrulen had given him, the length of rotten rope he used to tie on the sword when he first started this trip, a rolled up spare blanket, and a blackened piece of fruit. He reached for the nut and the nutcracker despairing that this would likely be his final meal. The shell shattered and the nut was shriveled and dry. He put it in his mouth hoping it wasn’t reduced to the texture of mush. It was.
He went to throw away the nutcracker in frustration, but stopped himself at the last instant. He looked at the top of the stairs. He remembered hitting the half opened door before his fall; the door swung inward!  Hope, he nearly cried aloud and felt a sense of strength return. He crawled back up the steps. He pounded on the door for long moments before deciding that the house was unoccupied.
The nutcracker had just enough tooth on either side to crimp itself over the cap of a hinge barrel. Mercer set to work on the bottom hinge. It was set too flush to the door and wall. He couldn’t twist the barrel in either direction. He put a flange of the nutcracker against the bottom of the barrel and tried to push the barrel up, but it wouldn’t move. He slapped at the nutcracker with his hand but only hurt his palm doing so.
He crawled back down the steps and retrieved the sword. Tapping at the nutcracker with the pommel, he thrilled to see the barrel move the tiniest fraction. Several stronger taps and the barrel rose an inch above the hinge. He grasped it anew with the nutcracker and wrenched it out of the hinge. He threw it to the floor of the cellar and stood up. The top hinge was just above the level of his eyes. The flange of the nutcracker fitted neatly against the bottom of the barrel. The rapping of the sword hilt against the nutcracker was loud in the still air. He pounded until the barrel was almost completely out of the top. Such was the noise of his effort that he didn’t hear the curses and threats of the troll and only managed to press himself into the corner of the door when he heard the lock turning.
The door was stuck, crooked in the grooves of the hinges. In anger, the troll threw his full weight against it. Mercer was scraped by the edge of the top hinge as the door seemed to fold itself around him and crash onto the steps below. The troll went with it. The steps crumbled and broke under the combined weight. Mercer just managed to grab the frame of the door to keep from falling atop the pile of troll and wood in the middle of the cellar floor. The troll neither moved nor made a sound. Mercer took the last step out of the cellar, the sword still in his hand, held backward.
“If you’re going to stick me again, laddie, do it with the pointy end.”  The voice was weak, the words gurgling through wet lips. A scornful laugh followed. The first troll lay in a hallway, his shirt sodden with blood, his skin almost colorless. “Rawks never were no hand with a needle. Don’t know if you’ve killed me or if that croaking maggot did it. Have you killed him dead, boy?”
“I didn’t kill him. He did it of his own account.”  Mercer turned the sword in his hand, hoping he wouldn’t have to use it to defend himself. He doubted he could do more than raise it in his battered and exhausted condition. He needn’t have worried.
“Well riddance to him. And to you if you come too close, my little croaker. I’ll not be chasing you, but I’ll sure as Cheat throttle you if I lay my hands on you. You’d best run along afore I get my strength back.”  The troll coughed and spat a gob of blood at Mercer’s feet.
Trolls had killed his parents. He’d grown up in fear of them until it turned into the hatred men feel for anything they fear. For the last month, traipsing through the Sevenfolds, his fright had abated. Even the hatred had lessened to a simple disdain. They were loathsome creatures, ignorant and barbaric, villainous and pitiful; dangerous only because of their larger stature and mindless willingness to violence. Last night, he’d been washed in the fear again, made to feel as if his life was theirs for the taking as they had taken his parents, that he would never have any recourse to whatever the trolls decided to do with him should he find himself in their clutches again. Never again, he decided. He knew he would never stop his knees from shaking or his heart from jumping at their presence, but he would never again be made to fear them. He would fight with every ounce of breath in his body before he would submit to or be subservient to their menace again.
“You’ve throttled your last innocent victim, I should think.”
The troll glared at him, but the bloodshot eyes had no hold on Mercer. He stood straight and slid the sword into its scabbard. The troll’s head sank back to the floor boards. Pink bubbles burst on his lips.
“Before you die, as certainly you will, tell me which direction the elf you saw last night went.”
“Why should I?”
“I cannot think of a reason in all of Apithor’s world that you would, my old croaker, but that perhaps I’ll not think so little of you when I remember this day to my grandchildren.”
The troll howled and tried to slap at its knee. The raucous sound was amputated by horrific choking and violent thrashing. The troll tried to spit again but was unable to raise its head and the reddish drool slid over its cheek. “Remember this day!” he gurgled and lay still.
The day was as bright as he expected when he opened the door.

Chapter 39: Immortality’s Price

Clovisill slept the peaceful sleep of the worry free, the repose of children before they are told their first story of goblins or trolls or dragons. He dreamed not of invaders bringing war from the east, but of the eternal spring of the Diyani vale. A bittersweet dream that he should come to such a place in the winter of his life. He felt old, older than a man should ever feel, he thought. His father was an elf, which meant life measured out in centuries. But his mother was human, a race that rarely celebrated one full century of living. Beyond the three hundred year mark, he was feeling ancient. At times he felt youthful, but more often it seemed the human aspects of his ancestry won out over his elfin blood.
The Diyani were good hosts if a little distant. At times it seemed the problems of the Thesilins were ever in their thoughts. Other times it almost seemed that they needed reminding that such a race even existed, that a Thesilin queen was living within their borders with her half-elf counselor. As often as not, Clovisill came upon these splendid beings in the midst of a song that was either one long and convoluted word or had no words at all. He asked his new friend Luthern about it.
“It is the only song,” the Diyani told him, “though at times I grow weary of it.”  His pale green eyes seemed sadder still that Clovisill could only listen and wonder without comprehension. “To explain would take what you would refer to as a lifetime as every trace of the world from the stars and sky that surround it to the molten stone at its center is tied into it. We sing it as it was taught to us by our creator that our piece of the world should know no other season than the beauty of what you call spring. There is more to it that we would not utter.”
“Can you not translate some of it?  I should think that I may understand some smaller part even if I cannot be made to grasp the whole.”
“It would be like trying to translate the waterfalls and the rushing wind in the leaves and the creaking of stone upon stone as it moves deep within the mountain, all occurring at the same time. It is the everlasting song of nature and cycles and the wheeling of the stars overhead, all interlaced as they are in the world. There is too much.”
“If I could but hear one thread, one lacing of the song.”
“That would corrupt the song. It would be like trying to paint a forest with but a single color.”
“Is the song not already corrupted since you only sing of the one season?”
The Diyani was thoughtful. “I can see how it would appear so. But it is not corrupted so much as it is merely excerpted. If you would paint the forest, you would use all the colors, but you would not be able to paint all the forest for so many details are hidden from the eye and no canvas would ever be large enough. Thus it would take a very long time to share every detail, much more canvas than we have, so to speak.”
He could see Clovisill considering these words, still unconvinced. The half-elf’s expression seemed puzzled yet confident as if he understood something the Diyani didn’t, and the difficulty in making understanding was his. Finally, he spoke again.
“Do you not also listen to the wind in your tower,” he asked, “and hear the words of the world as they are carried in the air?”
“Often have I climbed up to hear the words of the world. Ever is this the only way that we know the comings and goings of the other races. Long have we remained within our borders and let the world beyond form and reform as power is sought, gained, and lost by those without.”
“How do you know what utterance is being made by a single person amid the tumult of all the voices that are cast to the skies?  Surely you can discern one voice among the many. Surely you have heard the lament of one person’s grief over the death of Marwaer, or the celebration of his enemies over his fallen body.”
“I have heard the cries of his lover. She weeps that chance should so direct a stray arrow into his body, for he was not amid his warriors when he fell. He was behind the walls of the Theliant, directing his captains when a shaft arced out of the sky and into him. She cried thus over his body until she was silenced.”
“What I would ask you then is to recall a single strand of the song as you would a single voice on the wind”
The Diyani’s face curled into the briefest of smiles as one trying not to hurt the feelings of a child who is trying to master some minor task and making a mess in the effort. Clovisill felt that he would be disappointed after all, seeing this smile.
“It would tear the fabric of the song, much the way removing every tree from every forest would tear the fabric of the world. It could not survive such.”
Clovisill expected such an answer after the smile. “What of the parts you would not utter?  Are those the other seasons?  Is that why you have eternal spring?”
“Those are the words of death, the consequence of life. You might say they are the other seasons; the winter when half the world sleeps and green things die. We would not have anything within our realm experience death.”  He sat on a bench overlooking a garden with scarlet and yellow flowers. He opened his arms as if to embrace them. He continued, “At first, we sang the whole song and watched the results. These flowers would have turned to wilted petals, mottled leaves, rubbery stalks. They would droop to the ground from whence they’d sprung, so melancholy in their dying.
“We would not have it so. When we were created, the threat of immediate death was thrust upon us. Our creator was subservient to another who would not have had our existence. Long was the struggle over us. Our god prevailed and we were allowed to endure. But we were to be the only creation permitted to our god.” 
“Is this why you have no children?”  Clovisill asked the question that he and Lisle had wondered to each other about since they first arrived and noted the absence of sons and daughters.
The despair in the Diyani’s eyes was such that Clovisill wondered if he’d given offense with his question.
“When our god created us—you would refer to him as Alistor—we were given immortality. But the brother, Apithor, was enraged by this. He was jealous of his sibling’s creation and feared that as immortals we should have dominion over all the world. He intervened; he presented us a choice. We could have the immortality if we so desired for as long as we sang the song his brother taught us. But the cost of this was that we would never bear children, never grow to populate the world. In our innocence and ignorance, we chose to be immortal. After our decision was made, we were told that if we lapsed in the singing of the song, we would grow old and wither like the flowers. Our immortality would be taken away if we did not recite the woven word of the seasons. It is only through Alistor’s intervention that we survive reciting only the living portion of the song.”
“How many were you when you were first created?”  Clovisill felt that he could begin to understand the sorrow of these strange folk. He had lived most of his life as an outcast, rarely finding the semblance of love only to see hope dashed by the differences in age and race. He’d no heirs himself, but knew the affection of his father and the uncertain love of his mother.
“We were eight score when Alistor first breathed life into us. For every husband created there was a wife. We could know love, but never the fruits of our passions. Apithor was cruel in this, as passions led to envy and jealousy. He must be pleased now, for fewer than a quarter of us remain.”
“What has happened to the others?
“Some sought to make a place for themselves in the world and live among mortals. It is said that they discontinued to sing, married among the other races, grew old, and died childless. Some went seeking adventure and died in wars that were not of their making. Some allowed themselves to die of grief over their lost loves. They simply withdrew from us and refused to sing.”
“So many are gone thus?”
“There was also an exodus. A score of husbands and wives left our vale to settle a new place. They knew not where they were going, but determined that they should find another way to live, a way that would give them the ability to birth children. This could not be and they were told as much, but they would not be thwarted of the effort and went. We heard their singing for a time, but it ended suddenly. We have never learned of their fate.”
“They may still be out there somewhere,” Clovisill indicated with an arm the world beyond the mountain.
“I don’t see how this could be. There is very little that escapes our ears from within our tower and we’ve not heard a note of the song from without our borders in many lives of elves and men. Indeed, men were still infants among the other creations of Apithor when our brethren fled.”
Clovisill pursed his lips. He had many more questions he would ask. Luthern, typical of all Diyani, showed no signs of impatience. Clovisill reflected that after all the years of unending life, there couldn’t be anything to be impatient about. But his new friend had been singing when Clovisill found him, and he worried that perhaps he was interrupting some personal ritual. It was possible, he thought, that this was the time when the Diyani sang his portion of the song to continue his long fruitless life. He’d seen Luthern seated at the edge of the same garden almost every day and suspected that the days he’d missed him, he merely hadn’t noticed his friend’s presence.
But he had another question. A question he was embarrassed to ask. A question he imagined every person, however few, who’d ever met the Diyani had to eventually ask. A question the Diyani no doubt invariably answered in their direct way. “How old are you?” he said hoping that the question was not too personal.
Luthern showed his brief smile and shrugged. “I do not know. The passage of years means nothing when you have no milestones to anticipate or remember. I was created as I stand before you. Whether some measure of maturity has occurred cannot be reckoned. Old age usually brings wisdom and we may therefore be accounted wise, but there have been no markers to indicate that we have achieved it. No wrinkles adorn the cheeks of our wives. No gray hairs silver the daylight from the temples of the husbands’ heads. We simply endure exactly as we were created.”
“Endure sounds like the right word for what you describe. For myself, I should think such a life would be, and forgive me for this word, boring.”
“Small pleasures make it bearable. And we still know love though we ever despair that it cannot be shared beyond our unions. Such was the price of our fears about death.”
Clovisill nodded, prepared to allow his friend to return to his singing. He was about to thank the Diyani and excuse himself when the immortal spoke again.
“We no longer fear death. I would have you tell me what you know about it though.”
“I know as little as you.”
“But you’ve seen it more.”
“I have, but I cannot tell what the experience is like. I can tell you about the heartbreak of losing your family and loved ones, but I suspect your heartbreak is worse for never having had the chance of a family. I could tell you about the belief among the humans for what happens when they die, but you have already experienced the touch of a god. Humans believe their creator will draw them back up to him to be reshaped and returned. Sort of immortal, but unaware. Nothing that is lost when a human dies is ever regained. I could tell you about the different rites performed when a person dies; the differences in what happens depending on who has died, but none of it will alter the fact that the person is dead.”
The sadness was still in Luthern’s eyes as he listened. Clovisill was disappointed that he could offer nothing to his host to repay all that he had learned. He was a little ashamed when his friend gave heartfelt thanks for Clovisill’s answer to his single question, an answer Clovisill knew was unsatisfying, to himself at least. He thanked the Diyani and excused himself.
Lisle was waiting on a bench outside his cottage when he returned. He could tell she had been crying in her pity. She had been with Ambrist most of the morning. The two guests had agreed to glean whatever they could about the melancholy of their hosts and compare notes when they met again. Apparently, Ambrist had told her something similar to what Luthern told Clovisill. A tear clung to her eyelash; she caught the drop on the edge of her hand and sniffed. He wished he could comfort her. He put an awkward arm over her shoulders and she turned toward him. The pity, he decided, was that Luthern would never get to know this fatherly feeling.

Chapter 40: On the Road West

The road was uneven, or it was the dogged gait of the stretcher bearers that put everything off-kilter. The trees going by overhead tilted and swayed with each step. The black branches were edged with ice; long daggers hung from the sturdier limbs as if the trees had grown teeth. The sky above was gray with moonlight reflecting off the trailing wisps of clouds. Hrulen looked for stars between the ragged vapors but the air was too thick, too heavy with moisture to see what shone beyond the atmosphere. A storm brewed itself against the horizon. One of the winter storms that makes the north country a bane to travelers caught away from the shelter of the farms or the Theliant. As he searched for a twinkle in the heavens, the first flurries fell to the earth. One landed on his forehead, a tiny stab of cold pricking his fever before the heat melted it away.
How different was my purpose on this road but a short time ago, he thought.
The soldiers talked little. The few voices he heard were strained; some few still wept openly. Nobody wanted to know the worst yet. It was enough to march away from home, the tromp of so few feet offering no comfort, the clatter of armor sounding hollow in the bare, empty woods. Swords and shields were blood-stained and useless, carried in hand as though their uselessness was an undecided matter. Little threat out here, Hrulen thought, unless those clouds dump their frozen burden on us before we find shelter. The flurries continued in lazy pirouettes, dancing around the tree limbs to recline and melt on woolen shoulders.
The snow squealed underfoot. Boots scuffed and kicked it in clouds of spray as the men dragged their feet. Somewhere ahead would be the families that fled first. Hrulen doubted their passing would be so marked with the scrape of hard leather and nails against the whitened road; they would have been spurred by fear instead of defeat. These men were beyond the bitterness of defeat. Many seemed broken.
He looked over his forehead at the back of the man leading his stretcher. Long, fair hair spilled over the collar of the man’s cloak. His helmet was gone, probably thrown away in panic. A dark stain spread from the right shoulder of the cloak and curled beneath the armpit. Hrulen could see the torn threads sticking out around where a seam had burst as something was thrust into the cloak and withdrawn. The man favored this shoulder but still marched on with his burden. Hrulen was reminded of his own injury and would have liked to give the soldier a pat on the arm or hand in appreciation, though he knew it would be little consolation. He looked at the guard holding the foot end of the stretcher. The grime of battle and sternness of expression couldn’t hide the man’s youth. He was without a cloak. Flurries drifted onto his broad shoulders and the wide bandage that was wrapped around a large, pale bicep. How cold he must be, Hrulen exclaimed to himself as the heavy clouds of the man’s breath streamed out over his prostrate form on the stretcher. And he recognized Luchen, the bold young man who had saved him from a deathly blow on the battlements.
The youthful guard met his eyes and nodded. An aura of exhausted determination hovered around his grim expression. Hrulen felt for a moment that he looked upon the best of youth that Thesilia had to offer, and hoped that youth had a future. 
Somewhere in this assembly must be Hrelsin. As he tried to push himself onto his elbow to search for his brother, the numbness of his broken arm lifted and his teeth gnashed together for fear he would cry out.
“Be at ease, my captain. We will set you down soon I think.”
Hrulen saw the guard’s concern and read in it how he must look in the young man’s eyes. His arm was tightly bound to keep it from moving, but it hadn’t been set yet. From the corner of his eye he could see how it stuck out at an awkward angle. He remembered the blood that covered the side of his head, flooded into his ear, and spread on the shoulder of his cloak. A blow that he was still unable to recall. And Thorden was gone. He watched the knobby joints of the dark tree branches drift across the moon gray sky.
Hrelsin woke him by putting a handful of snow against his sweating brow. He came up from the depths of sleep with a start, aggravating the arm. Wild-eyed in fever his eyes shifted around, focusing on the shapes lurking just within sight. Here a mass of battle and trail weary guardsmen slumped against the trunk of a tree, shoulder to shoulder with their cloaks spread over them. There lay another stretcher, the inert form on it covered with a cloak, but the coverlet was drawn over the face. Thick flakes settled and began to pile onto the unfortunate form; no heat rose from him to melt them away. Nobody took the cloak away yet, but someone would before they continued their march. Need a burial detail, he thought absently. There was a group of soldiers leaning on their pikes, huddled together like witches trying to use their multiple powers to cast a strong spell. They sagged and held each other up as if falling here meant falling for good. On the road, another line of soldiers was staggering by as if their joints were leaden and heavy yokes pulled their necks.
“Merden’s men,” Hrelsin explained. “They were hiding within the wood, guarding our retreat.”
“How many?” Hrulen asked through parched lips. He could feel his senses wavering in and out. The heat of fever stole away his focus. The pulse of his heart streamed through his body, asserting itself in his temples. He closed his eyes against the heat and pain. He did not see his brother’s grim smile.
“Ever practical, are you?  You would muster every man and turn back were you not now confined to this litter and my care?  Rest now, Brother, for there is much that I will ask of you before we proceed. They number fewer than thirty. Their position was the point of another of the enemy’s directed attacks.”
“Merden?”
“He has fallen.”  Hrelsin slid the fistful of snow to his brother’s lips. The cold burned before it brought comfort. Hrulen gasped and let the crystals melt into his mouth. The clash between the icy water and his fiery throat drew a ragged breath. He swiped his good hand through the drifted snow beside the litter and brought it to his face. It was less than refreshing, but he could feel it cooling away the heat that clung to him. He kept his eyes closed wishing the gods would end his misery.
Sleep stole over him then, fevered nightmares of trackless forests and foreign voices repeating the same indelible words again and again like the horrid chorus of a despised song. He heard the guard around him cluttering to their feet; the awkward tool sounds of shields and blades being used to dig hasty graves; the lament of one lonely speaker extolling what was good about those settled into the ground. These unmarked graves will not survive, he thought. Wolves or wild boars will paw through the shallow earth when the snow has melted away. A moment of lucidity before the alien language interrupted with its unalterable refrain.
He felt he was being lifted. Not the crude raising of his litter with gravity pressing his back against the makeshift sling, but the weightlessness of a soul’s ascendancy, when the spirit doesn’t so much rise, but rather those things worldly fall away. The echoes of the strange words faded almost beyond hearing. The heavens reflected the deep blue of warmer nights, almost summery. The trees around him stood swathed in hopeful blooms, ready to burst forth the myriad colors of their blossoms at a signal from him. He felt the coolness of a waterfall cascading over his chest, runnelling past the scars of old battle wounds, pricking at the unsupported flesh where the arm was broken until the bones knit and he threw his arms into the stream and directed the splash over his head while he laughed.
And the Ouros tongue murmured within his head again, and the black night filtered down through the sultry evening, and the ground was cold and hard, and his breath was heaving with the pulsations of misery that hammered against his brain.
“You need to awaken now, Brother. We move onward and I would have you walk. The snow deepens and the weight of a stretcher will bog the men down so.”  Hrelsin knelt over him. He had a water sac in his hands and offered to hold it so the flow ran into Hrulen’s mouth. He dribbled tiny streams, and still Hrulen sputtered.
The ground beside him was empty. The makeshift stretcher transformed again into pikes resting on weary shoulders and a blanket wrapped around shivering soldiers and civilians alike. He felt his cloak and an odd doublet draped across his chest, a mild sensation of weight but not heat. His fingers felt completely numbed, though whether from cold or the break in his arm, he couldn’t tell. Elsewhere, men pulled each other to their feet, wrapping cloaks and what other few blankets could be found over their armor, stomping feeling into their toes and heels. Luchen drifted into view, the cloak that covered the dead man now shrouding his wounded arm, his battered mail.
“Lean upon me, my lord,” the young man said.
“My lord!”  Hrulen’s brow was troubled. “I am no lord, nor will I be!” he grunted as his brother and the young guard eased him to his feet. He felt the blood drain from his head. He staggered and was caught up in Luchen’s arms.
“The usurper king has fallen,” Hrelsin explained. “One among Merden’s men has proclaimed that the king was pierced by an arrow and bled within the streets. He did not stir when the Ouros breached the walls and has been left.”
“That is hardly sufficient enough to call me ‘lord,’ and I’ll not have it!”  He put a steadying hand on the young guard’s shoulder. The effort just to balance himself on his own two legs wearied him nearly to collapse. The useless arm swung painfully.
Luchen cast his face down, abashed at his presumption.
Hrelsin ignored his brother’s outcry. “There are few others of your rank among us, and you are senior. Unless some others that we don’t know of managed to escape, we are all that is left of the Theliant.”  He braced his brother upright, a hand on either side of his chest.
“There were others.” Hrulen looked into his eyes. “Did I not hear that the captain of the west wall took away some of the citizens?”  Hrulen swayed as he stood. Luchen strung an arm around his back and under the broken limb.
“There was one among them, Dimwaer, who exceeded your rank, but already those men that were his have sworn they would follow you. When word of Dimwaer’s flight was spread among the others, and our own guards told of your exploits on the battlements, a general shout was made that you would become our leader. The men would have somebody who has stood and fought beside them rather than a commander who remained safe and allowed them to bleed alone.”
Hrulen fretted over the rash decisions made by soldiers. They wouldn’t have considered that there was probably a civilian among those who escaped who had a better claim to leadership than he despite their inexperience. He closed his eyes as a surge from his stomach left bitter gall at the back of his throat. He swallowed it down. “More water, please.”
Hrelsin held the sac above his head. “There is none other to take this position.”
“There are the captains of the outposts,” Hrulen said weakly. Outpost captains were usually younger men without families. A post in the distant farmlands or the frontier was the chance for a young officer to distinguish himself and so become a veteran captain charged with keeping the walls of the Theliant. Then would come families and sons and a future generation to man the outposts.
Hrelsin simply shook his head. Though he was being contradictory, Hrulen could see the growing concern in his brother’s eyes. He straightened himself upright, the cold air dashing his cheeks. The effort left him feeling weaker than before.
“He is so pale,” he heard Luchen murmur.
“There is only you, Brother. For my part, Dimwaer would do best to not challenge this as I’ve already half a mind to kill him for abandoning his men.”
“I would ask that you not pursue that cause. We will likely need him later if we survive this.”  He drew a harsh breath. “If the king is fallen, rule falls to Lisle as queen…”  He felt a spasm of agony as the arm floundered.
“A queen who is herself exiled and skies above knows where. I have already thought on this. The Schill spoke nothing of where they were going. We don’t even know that she still lives!”
Hrulen lowered his head. Of the things to worry and argue over, this was the last he should have on his mind. The safety of what remained of Thesilia’s people, moving onward away from the Ouros, surviving the winter, his arm; these were the things that preyed upon his thoughts. Hrelsin reached a hand toward his brother’s face. “Enough,” he said softly. Then, “Can you walk, Brother?”  In answer, Hrulen sagged between the two, the vigor of the moment robbing him of his remaining strength.
“We needs must carry him, sir. And we must set his arm, Captain.”  Luchen was lowering the old soldier to the ground. “It will pain him that much more and that much longer if we travel further without splinting it. I don’t think he would endure it.”  He steered Hrulen back to the litter  The old captain’s face seemed drained of blood, his brow freezing. Luchen raised his voice to the assemblage and called for spare pikes or stout pieces of wood and lengths of rope or excess leather strappings used to stitch together the ring-mailed armor of the guard. Soldiers came forward leaving a pile of potential materials on the ground near the litter. Satisfied that they would find what they needed, Luchen looked to Hrelsin. “You have set bone before?”
“Aye, though it were a long time ago and no easy task.”
“Should I look for another to do this?”
Hrelsin shook his head. Through hissing teeth he began snapping the lengths of pike into arm length pieces. He could feel the notch from the arrow wound begin to flow with blood as he strained against the fire cured wood. He ignored it as he trimmed the pieces with his sword to the right lengths and shaved off any splinters. He eased several lengths of the armor strapping under Hrulen’s shattered arm.
“Bite this,” he said pushing a piece of armor strapping at his brother. Luchen took the piece and folded its length several times until it reach almost a finger’s thickness. He placed it between Hrulen’s teeth.
Hrulen felt the ends of the bones scraping against each other as his brother adjusted the set of his arm. Tears flooded the corners of his eyes and rolled off his cheeks into his ears. He could feel his teeth making a deep impression in the heavy leather of the strap and feared what would become of his mouth if he bit it through completely. The grinding seemed as if it would never end, but Hrelsin suddenly sat back and looked into his face.
“I think I have aligned the ends together as well as could be. It seems to be a clean break.”
Hrulen breathed around the wad of leather as the two men began tying the lengths of pike around his arm with the long pieces of armor strapping. Four pieces stretched from his shoulder to his wrist and pressed against the swelling that marked where the arm had been struck. He was surprised to note the number of guardsmen that stood watching the procedure. A grim audience, their faces alternately registering despondency and the thirst for vengeance. He felt a blanket being draped over him. There was no shortage of soldiers willing to take a corner of the litter and bear him away despite the deepening snow. He felt himself raised and allowed his head to sink back onto the litter. He withdrew the wad of leather and let it drop into the snow without seeing that it had nearly been bitten through. Swaying again as the guards marched, sleep overtook him just as the morning sun was throwing its first pale rays through the ragged branches of the distant trees.
The sun had climbed high but hovered shrouded with clouds when next he awoke. The fevered dreams had continued but came less frequently and he experienced a few hours of solid sleep. Sometime in the interval, somebody had tied his splinted arm to his side. He attempted a tentative movement of the arm and found it held fast.
There was a bustle about him, soldiers coming and going. Some carried armfuls of milled boards, others were laden with sacks of grains and nuts and dried produce. In the corner of his vision he could see the edge of a building, its doors flung wide. A procession of soldiers was coming out carrying their different burdens. The scene was of a mass looting, but Hrulen understood his brother’s thinking. He would not have them stop such a short march away from the Theliant. Nor would he leave these valuable supplies behind for the Ouros to claim if they ventured from the shelter of the keep. No point providing for them should they give chase.
A horse neighed and stamped protesting the harness thrown over shoulders that hadn’t known anything other than a warrior’s saddle. A destrier of fine lineage, one of the Glintill bred and trained to carry the armored weight of a man, flung its head and kicked at the laces of the tackle that traced their way along the horse’s flanks. Beside the destrier, another harness rested on a makeshift sawhorse.
He felt Luchen’s hands under his shoulders. The guard propped him up so he could see all the activity of this brief camp. There, beyond the lines of soldiers pulling their supplies, he could see a short train of mounted civilians. Their palfreys had the look of misery about them, their heads hanging down abjectly as they pawed through the snow for grass that wasn’t there. Among the dainty side-saddle horses were several more of the Glintill, their breath barely steaming in the frosty afternoon, the burdens and demands on them were so light. Unlike the palfreys, their heads were thrown back in annoyance. Hrelsin and a vaguely familiar young lieutenant were talking to another officer and a corpulent civilian at the head of the column, both astraddle two of the fine warhorses.
“They argue over those mounts,” Luchen said. “Captain Dimwaer and the fat man do not wish to give up those seats for the sake of the supplies we could have pulled in the wagons.”  He pointed to other wagons that were strung out among the trees. They were also piled with loads from the storehouse and waited for beasts to pull them. Hrulen wondered where his brother found them. That they had been commandeered from farmhouses was certain, but he didn’t believe them close enough to the farmlands yet.
Luchen pressed a water sac into his hand and set a winter cake on his chest. “You should be hungry, my lord,” he said. “You have slept a day through, taking only a little water though I suspect you don’t remember.”
Hrulen splashed the water over his throat. The coolness felt good, and the cake that followed was not as difficult to swallow as he anticipated. “Is there any wine about?” he asked with little hope. Luchen smiled and pulled a small flask from a travel pack that lay beside him.
“Compliments of a civilian named Berthod, my lord. He was reluctant to surrender it, but when he learned that it was for our captain and not just any soldier, he gave it willingly.”
“I would not have you taking their personal possessions from these civilians; not even for my sake. We are to protect them as though we remained within the walls of the Theliant, for when we return theirs will be the job of remaking our city.”  He studied the young guard’s fallen shoulders, his chastised expression. He owed Luchen something other than a scolding for his continued loyalty and for the life he’d saved on the wall. He let his face soften despite the ache that still radiated out of the stiff, broken arm. “But I thank you all the same,” he said and forced a grin.
“You are welcome, my lord.”
Hrulen sighed. “Don’t call me ‘my lord.’  There is no claim.”
“Yet!” Luchen said dismissively.
Hrulen took a deep draught of the wine and offered the flask to his young protector. Luchen grinned over the pilfered drink and tilted it back. His eyes showed his pleasure as he pushed the flask back into his captain’s hand. Hrulen wondered how old the young man was for something about the way he drank suggested it was not something he’d done many times. He thought to ask, but their attention was drawn to the altercation growing across the way.
The fat civilian squealed in rage briefly and fell to muttering and cursing as he was dragged from his commandeered mount. Other men were being forced off the horses, some protesting, some relinquishing them without hesitation. Even from his vantage point, Hrulen could see that Hrelsin’s eyes were locked on the face of the Thesilin officer, Captain Dimwaer, and that his brother’s hand rested on the pommel of his sword. The lieutenant at his side also seemed defiant of the senior officer, his sword drawn, the point punched through the snow, his gauntleted fist on the hilt.
“We caught up with them last night,” Luchen offered. “They seemed content to stay here and winter over, feasting on the stores until spring.”  He snorted. “Your brother had to tell them the Ouros were following just to get them to agree to keep moving. Now they would flee with the horses and leave this spoil and the wounded to our enemies.”
Hrulen grunted his understanding though he doubted the Ouros would come; their interest was in the wealth of the keep.
Hrelsin’s sword flashed in the pale light as he whipped it from the sheath. Hrulen feared he would make a pass through the other captain, alienating the already disgruntled civilians even further. But the sword stopped, the point resting on the collar of the officer’s mail shirt. Indistinct words were uttered and Captain Dimwaer climbed from the horse putting the animal between himself and Hrelsin. Again the fear rose that there would still be violence even here on the road, away from the bloodletting that had been the battle for the Theliant. His apprehensions were allayed as the lieutenant quickly stepped around the flank of the horse, his sword still in hand but pointed downward. The horse was led away and harnessed to the wagon where it thrashed and complained next to its kin.
“My brother makes an enemy of that man when we shall need every man together if ever we are to reclaim our home.”
“The enmity is of Dimwaer’s making. He would have had soldiers harnessed and pulling the wagons while he and the fat merchants sat on their pompous tails. He even ordered as much as if he still had a right to lead those he abandoned. He threatened arrest for any man who refused. I’d have liked to have seen him accomplish that!”  Luchen stifled a chuckle behind his hand as Hrelsin approached.
“I don’t know if it will be more comfort riding on the hard boards of a wagon, but we should move along at a better pace. The citizens grumble about having to walk. They fear they should not get away fast enough if we are pursued. Some of them will be slow but they will keep up out of their own self-interest. I would be surprised if we see anything of our enemies until we seek them out ourselves.”
“They have a right to fear. But yes, I think we’ve seen the last of the Ouros unless they should send forth scouts. But even then they will not come in force.”
“We wouldn’t have believed they would come at the onset of winter either though,” the young guard interjected.
“True,” Hrulen said, “but they’ve reached their objective and I would guess that they’ll not overreach. They’ll wait for spring to continue their campaign if that is their intention.”
“I wouldn’t be surprised to find them gone in the spring along with every scrap of wealth we had,” Hrelsin grumbled.
“What is the source of our wealth though?” Hrulen looked at the young soldier for the answer.
Hrelsin spoke first: “The farmlands ahead.”
“Aye, but they’ll not be able to carry them away on their backs,” Luchen interjected.
Hrulen nodded as the point was made. He wondered if the Ouros planned to occupy or simply loot and return home, but wouldn’t venture a guess either way. Would there be anyone there to fight when the gathered remnants of Thesilia’s soldier units reunited and marched homeward, he wondered.
Hrelsin stood and surveyed the progress of the soldiers. Most of the wagons had reluctant teams of warhorses in place. Most of the palfreys not seized to pull the supply train had shivering women on their backs. The rich finery of their attire did little to keep the cold away. Melted snowflakes darkened the shoulders of their thin cloaks. The few men on horseback fared no better, their frail, thin fingers tinted blue.
Hrulen frowned. “Do we have a destination, Brother.”
“I was thinking of that farming hamlet where we stopped after you found the apprentice. There was a barracks there and a sizeable village. And I believe I recall seeing a storage house there too. But let me defer to your judgment as you are the leader of this ‘wayward herd’ as Dimwaer referred to us.”
“We may be too many. There is already a garrison there.”
“I have considered that, which is why even now we dismantle as much of this storehouse as we can to take with us and will likely sunder these wagons to help with our housing. We can also shelter in the storehouse there if needs be. We might also consider that most of the western garrisons were recalled to the Theliant, so we may not be as crowded as we anticipate.”
“There seems little direction I could give then. Your judgment suffices for the both of us. For my part, I should like to see that farmer again. A talkative old fellow, but ever pleasant. Bachen?  Rachen?  Brechen?  What was his name?”
“I have an uncle named Archel away west of here. Perhaps that is the man you refer to?” Luchen suggested.
“Perhaps,” Hrulen murmured. He felt immeasurably better after the food and the taste of wine, but was still exhausted. He let his head fall back against the litter and looked up at his two benefactors, dismayed that he couldn’t show his appreciation better. Hrelsin bent and lifted the cloak away from the splinted arm. He began to retie the leather stitches that held the splints in place.
“It looks better. Some of the swelling has gone down,” he said and tucked the blanket back over his brother.
Hrulen allowed himself to fade to sleep as they lifted his stretcher over the sides of a wagon and placed him among others whose injuries kept them from walking. The spaces around them were filled with grain sacks and raw lumber. His sleep was uninterrupted as the wagon lurched forward.

Chapter 41: The Long Awaited Rendezvous

The pounding on the door seemed characteristic of everything the host did. He talked—unintelligible most of the time—loudly, he cooked with his battered pots and pans loudly, he clunked blocks of wood into the fireplace loudly. And now he brought his missing fingered fist down on the door loudly. Keef, for reasons unimaginable to Kamafial and Damantan, was immediately taken by the gigantic innkeeper. His tail wagged, striking the edge of the bed next to the door with audible thumps, in keeping with what appeared to be the tradition of the house. The giant had allowed him to lick the residue of the thick stew he prepared for supper the night before right out of the pan, smiling and pointing all the while as if a hungry dog was a novelty.
“You said tell you if I see man. You pay extra. I see man.” The giant man bellowed through the closed door.
Damantan was sprawled across a bed. The heat of the bath after so long walking in the winter weather and the hot meal after weeks of cold fare left him feeling loose and languid. Kamafial stretched on the bed nearest the door. He was covered over with heavy blankets feeling warmer and lighter than he had in a long time. After a night of rest, his leg felt better; the swelling had retreated after several hours of soaking in a hot bath, the innkeeper telling him he’d pay extra for every bucket of scalding water.
The floor of the room was littered with their packs, armor, and weapons, all dropped and forgotten the moment the two travelers saw the beds. They were large with real mattresses instead of the oversized pillows stuffed with straw that they expected. Kamafial wondered aloud how their host had acquired them. No doubt looted from one of the nicer homes that had been abandoned by its nicer owners who fled for their lives. Kamafial laughed to think of those foolish enough to think they could have a good, rich life where trolls reigned. And the walls; solid, snug. They washed without suffering a draft and felt overly warm when they finished. The shafts of sunlight streaming through the high window indicated morning as the beams splashed against the far wall.
“How many men is it?” Kamafial called through the door. He didn’t know that he would bother for a single man as he expected at least a small troop of Thesilins.
“Just one man. He is beat up. You pay extra. I tell you.”
Kamafial groaned and slid from the warm comfort of the bed. He slipped on his tunic and levered his feet into boots. He pushed the snow-dog aside, annoyed at how excited the dog was about the addled giant hammering on the door. He hesitated a moment when he saw the innkeeper waiting for him in the common room. He nodded and rolled his eyes. “Yes, I will pay extra.”
“Good. He across the street at troll inn. I think he looks for somebody.”
Kamafial watched through the front door. Nobody was in sight, but he could see that the door across the street shifted lightly in the breeze. He turned and looked at the host.
“Wait. He goes in each inn. He comes out. I think he looks for somebody.”
“Yes, you’ve told me that. What does he look like?”
“You will see. He will come out again. If not, maybe he is not the man you look for. I don’t think he likes troll inns, but he goes in, he comes out, and he looks.”
Kamafial watched the door. Within moments it opened and a hooded figure appeared. The man was kind of small, perhaps even a little shrunken. His dirty cloak was wound around his body and clung to him. The hood was pulled tight over his head creating a cowl from which his eyes appeared, searching and hopeless. The face seemed young but worn. An ugly cut on his left cheek lay exposed to the cold air, its edges still crusted with blood; he seemed not to notice.
He stopped in the street looking in both directions. It was deserted at this time of morning, the drunken revelers of the night before sleeping until the sun reached its apex and started to fall toward evening. When he came forward, Kamafial could see his hollowed cheeks and guessed there was a frailty to the man below the cloak. He didn’t have the look of the thieves and highwaymen from the previous night. He looked starved and lonely. And definitely human, dressed in a Thesilin cloak, and wearing woodscaps. Kamafial felt the faintest suspicion as he pulled the door open and stepped to the porch.
“You look lost,” he suggested.
The man’s head jerked up. There was no effrontery in the expression, no sensitive defiance of an intrusion into his business. Kamafial was surprised at the youthfulness of the face. He anticipated the man was young from his first glance, but this fellow seemed little more than a boy, one whose hard journey was etched well beyond the scrape across his cheek. Kamafial’s suspicions grew and he felt uneasy. He expected a troop to protect whatever the Thesilin half-elf had sent away.
“I am lost,” the boy replied. He waited for some rejoinder, but the man on the porch simply stared. “I’m looking for somebody.”  He studied the man. There was something different about him. Hrulen Recht said the person who was to meet him was like the Schill, half elf and half human. But this man seemed large and heavy, his limbs thick, and his skin a deep swarthy color like leaves turning in autumn, whereas the Schill was of a longer build with thin, almost fragile looking arms and hands, and a paler complexion. Perhaps his inquisitor was some kind of ogre. They’d been known in the days of old to come south of the mountains in the far west before. Perhaps he faced one now.
The boy looked disappointed, or annoyed, Kamafial couldn’t decide which. The half-elf sighed and decided that the kid was some kind of runaway, probably fleeing whoever it was that put the cut on his cheek. Still, it wouldn’t hurt to find out. If he wasn’t the one they were looking for, he’d see him fed and send him on his way. If he was, there was definitely some kind of story to be learned. “Who are you looking for?”
“I don’t know his name. He is a half-elf from the mountains of the Graith Falror.”  The surprised must have registered on Kamafial’s face for the youth stepped closer. “You know of him?” he asked.
“You are the one sent by the Schill?” Kamafial gasped. The boy nodded and edged away, his hand straying toward the hilt of a massive sword poking out at the edge of the cloak. He didn’t look as if he’d know what to do with it, but he seemed determined to defend himself at any rate. Kamafial appraised him anew. “You are alone?  I expected a troop of soldiers and some kind of representative or ambassador at least.”
The hand stayed near the hilt of the sword. A frown creased the lower half of the boy’s face. “I am alone. I have been alone for longer than a month now. My name is Mercer Kihn.”
“My name is Kamafial, also called Li-mi’ik by my elfin kin.”  He held a hand out to the stranger and noticed the boy’s reluctance to move his hand away from the hilt of the sword. “I am the one you seek. And with me is Damantan of the gray elves of the Graith Falror. And my dog Keef.” The boy seemed to relax. “Let us get you off the street,” Kamafial said and turned to hold the door open for the youth, but Damantan, Keef, and the innkeeper were standing in the frame watching.
“This is the one that I am to confer with?” Damantan murmured as Mercer stepped past and into the inn.
“I don’t think he was sent for anything diplomatic,” Kamafial whispered as Mercer turned and looked at them, nodding at each of them in turn, including the snow-dog. 
Mercer slumped into the large rocking chair next to the fireplace. The relief of finding the half-elf was short lived. He was putting himself into the hands of strangers. Friendly as they seemed, they also seemed disappointed by him. He stared for a few moments, unsure what needed to be said. Was he to tell them of the sword or any of the other plans the Schill had made? He didn’t know, and after a while of sitting in the comfortable rocking chair with the warmth of the fire radiating around him, he didn’t care. The pain and exhaustion of the long journey and the horror of the previous night asserted themselves and he felt his eyelids sliding down. He struggled to stay awake.
The one named Kamafial seemed to be the leader of the company. He was tall and wide of shoulder. His were eyes that missed little. His jaw was lined with prickly stubble that made his smile look dangerous. The elf had the pale, open face he expected to find in the man he was searching for. There was something about the elf’s expression that made him wonder; consternation mixed with sympathy and the lightest sense of unease. He also had the gracefulness Mercer had come to associate with the Schill. The other two were the largest examples of either of their kind that he had ever seen. The man almost seemed a giant, his head nearly reaching to the open rafters of the room. He had a dull look and seemed indifferent to their meeting. The dog was pure white with mixed eyes. Mercer would have guessed that the dog weighed as much as he did and experienced some of Keef’s weight firsthand when the big dog plopped himself down on the young man’s frozen woodscaps. But the fire was oh so warm, and the dog laying across his cold feet was such a comfort that he promptly fell asleep after he contented himself fully that none here were a threat.
“That will need to be stitched,” Kamafial said indicating the gash on the sleeping boy’s cheekbone. “It will keep for now though. Let us cover him with a blanket and let him recover some of his strength. I would guess he hasn’t slept much in a while; his journey was much lonelier and longer than ours.”  He opened the blanket to spread it wide and to drape it over the sleeping form when he noted the hilt of the sword making a small tent in the cloak. Kamafial lifted the cloak to examine the blade, surprised at how massive the sword was. “He seems armed well enough. But he doesn’t look the warrior type, and I would guess that this blade was not meant for him to carry into war. Probably passed down from his father or somebody, I should think. Some heirloom,” Kamafial shrugged. He looked again at the youthful face. “I wonder at the knock that did this to his cheek.”
“I should think we would find out all when he wakes,” Damantan offered.
“Did your elders not say that he carried a great prize?  I see nothing else about him as great as this sword, and even this is not what I would consider a prize. It has the look of age and weight to it. It’s big enough, but that is hardly enough to celebrate. There is quality here—that cannot be denied—but such can be created by any smith of talent.”
“Perhaps he has something magical?  Something in his pockets?”
“Perhaps. But we will let him tell us about it in his time. For now we leave him in peace.”  Kamafial spread the blanket and let it drift down on the young man. He looked at the dog flowing over the man’s feet. “Is there anybody that you don’t take to right away,” he scowled. Keef raised and cocked his head, thumped his tail twice, and resumed his drowse.
Mercer told them of his journey when he woke. The giant ladled out bowl after bowl of his thick stew never noticing the slight tang of the kalma leaves Kamafial had crushed into the pot. The innkeeper seemed almost as interested as his guests and sat on the hearth stirring the kettle. He’d looked upset that his new guest didn’t seem intent on surrendering the rocking chair, the giant’s usual perch, but this faded when Mercer began to speak. Such was their host’s thirst for news of the world outside Torn. Kamafial and Damantan had been close-lipped since their arrival, but now a new stranger was among them with a long tale to tell.
For their part, Kamafial and Damantan listened without interrupting for their journey was linked to Mercer’s. They wondered that they had come so far to meet but a single young man carrying naught but his pack and a sword. Their eyes were wide as he told of his flight from the Theliant and the long trackless path through the north woods of Thesilia. Damantan was especially attentive when Mercer spoke of the disembodied singing in the Murkhiil Plains and the wonders of that accommodating land. Two thirds of his audience’s eyes grew wide again when he told of the attack in the street the evening before. Kamafial and Damantan exchanged glances. Their host wore the same childishly entertained expression throughout. Mercer sighed at the story’s conclusion, his breath all but spent. The memory of the pains suffered in reaching this place renewed those very aches and he felt weary again in his limbs. A sudden chill made him shudder beneath the blanket. The dog Keef glanced at this.
Kamafial rocked back on his heels. He too let out a long breath. “So, it is the sword then that the Schill has had you carry away. What is so special about this particular weapon?”  He cradled it in his hands. Mercer had slid it from its sheath and passed it to him during the telling.
“Besides belonging to the king of Thesilia?  I cannot say. I suspect the Schill wanted me to carry it away for other reasons, but I had no time for questions. I believe there is a history to the sword, but what it is, I cannot say.”
“There is definitely history here; this is old. You don’t know how it came to Thesilia? It is not a thing that Thesilin smiths made, nor any other smith in the north country. And not dwarfish; they rarely bother with swords, but when they do, you know you have something of quality. This I would give middling quality.”
“I think it came from across the sea.” Mercer looked at the weapon while Kamafial held it, testing the balance. The half-elf felt the edge.
“It is dull,” he observed. “But this type of sword usually is.”
“We would not disturb you as you slept,” Damantan interjected, “but your face does need some attention.”
Mercer put a finger to the rip over his cheekbone. It was dry and crusty.
Kamafial laid the sword aside. “I’d be sewing it up unless you want a very large scar.”
“I have needle. Thread,” the innkeeper, forgotten, chimed in. “He won’t pay extra. Is first story in long time I hear. I fetch needle and thread. No extra.”  He quitted the room, disappearing into the kitchen.
Damantan laughed at his back. “Tell a few tales!  We could have told this great addled oaf a story and been done with counting questions!”  They were up to twelve enquiries since the night before, with no idea what their host was going to charge for them.
The giant returned with a very large leatherworking needle and a ball of what appeared to be twine. Mercer faltered at the sight of the surgical instruments being suggested. 
Kamafial interceded, “I have a proper needle and some true thread in my pack.”  He ran to the room to retrieve them before the innkeeper could further express his gratitude for the story by punching large holes in Mercer’s face.
Mercer washed the wound, wincing at the tenderness of the swelling, the raggedness of the skin. Damantan ground some kalma leaves and sprinkled them into the cut. “To help with the healing,” he said. The wound was a flaming, angry pink color when Kamafial pinched the skin closed and began working the needle. It was clear he had performed such surgeries before.
“You’ve done this many times,” Mercer mouthed. The pinpricks on his cheek were only slightly more painful than the wound itself. He felt the skin stretching, pulling at the lower half of his face.
“Quite often.”  He pushed back a sleeve to show some of the more elaborate scars that decorated his arm. Mercer paled and Kamafial shrugged. He had grown to like the young apprentice, something about the dauntless way the young man had trekked the width of the Sevenfolds. There had been no boasting or bragging in the boy’s retelling of his journey. Yes, the youth had admitted fear, but he made the journey nonetheless, and alone. There were few whose hearts did not quail at the thought of undertaking such a trip, and fewer still who would have attempted it. Kamafial considered the irony of Mercer’s only wound coming after he’d reached his destination. And here he rested unflinching as Kamafial laced the edges of his skin together. He tied the last knot in place and sliced the excess thread with his knife. “There!  That should leave you handsome as ever!”
Mercer blushed and put a hand to his cheek. The skin was taut; the stitches were a line of bumps on either side of the gash.
Damantan draped a few garments over the back of the chair. “These clothes have been worn but are clean. You are welcome to them if you do not mind their elfin cut.”  He pointed out a pair of breeches and a pale blue tunic. “After you wash, of course.”
Kamafial grinned at the fastidiousness of the elf. They excused themselves to allow the young man to bathe and dress as he saw fit. Mercer pulled the dirty cloak away, slumped the mail shirt to the floor, and started unbuttoning his tunic. He could feel the bruises on his body with each move and was not surprised to see the outlines of the rings impressed in his flesh where the trolls had struck and kicked him. He peeled the tunic off, tempted to drop it into the fireplace. It hadn’t left his back in all the weeks since he’d fled the Schill’s cottage. He dropped it to the floor instead. Skies knew when he would see home again and he would likely need a change of clothes before that came.
The clothes fit well though he felt oddly out of place in them. While he had served the Schill most of his young life, he’d never thought to dress like the old half-elf except for his boots, but here in the cloudy reflection from the bottom of a cooking pan, that was who he was reminded of. Damantan appraised his appearance and decided the clothes suited their new wearer. With a paler complexion and a little more grace, Mercer could even pass, almost, as an elf. Damantan felt a strange pride for the young man; he had done something Damantan wouldn’t have thought of doing, and now stood straight and stern in elfin clothes. He put a hand to the youth’s shoulder and smiled.
“You still look for men?” the innkeeper asked from the entrance to the inn.
“We’ve found the man we sought,” Kamafial answered, his brow clouding. Could the Schill have sent others?  Perhaps one to ask aid of the elves in the struggle the elders hinted at?
“Two more men, dressed as he was, stand in street. They been to the other inns,” the giant innkeeper announced as if he relayed wanted information.
“Were you not alone when you set out,” Kamafial turned to Mercer.
“I was. I was warned by Hrulen Recht, a friend of the Schill, that there were those who pursued me, men paid by the usurper king, Marwaer, to kill me and return the sword.”
“Did he say how many?”
Mercer shook his head.
“They come,” the innkeeper announced.
Kamafial ran to the bedroom and snatched up his sword from where it was thrown to the floor. He returned to the common room just as the outside door was opening. He moved up beside Mercer. Damantan stood flanking his other side. “Will they know your face?”  Damantan asked, his voice low.
“I cannot be sure.”
“Then let us hope not. The less attention we draw here, the better,” Kamafial said, girding his sword to his belt. Damantan stared at him. “That doesn’t mean we won’t draw weapons if it becomes necessary.” Damantan nodded and his hand disappeared in the sleeves of his tunic.
Only a few moments of study passed before it was necessary.
The two men pushed the door open and studied the five occupants. Of the five before them, the only one that seemed to make them apprehensive was the snow-dog. Keef’s instincts were immediate in telling him that the men were dangerous. His dislike was as instantaneous. He lumbered to his feet, hackles raised, teeth bared.
“Funny how quickly my dog decides whether or not people are likable,” Kamafial said, his voice conversational.
The men ignored this. Their gaze lingered on Mercer. Their expressions hardened seeing him flanked on either side, his flankers both dressed in elfin garb and standing ready for battle. The innkeeper stood aside, indifferent to the animosity that filled the room.
“We want only what the apprentice took away from the king,” the smaller of the two said. His face was smooth beneath the sneer that wrinkled his features. One of his hands rested on the pommel of his sword; the other was out of sight in the folds of his cloak. He turned to the oversized innkeeper:  “This is not for you to mix in,” he ordered.
Kamafial stifled a laugh. He expected to hear the host say that the men would have to pay extra to kill in his inn, but the innkeeper stepped back and sat on the edge of one of the room’s benches, his mouth uncharacteristically closed. The stifled laugh turned to quiet alarm. He’d not thought there a man or troll in Torn that could tell their landlord what to do and have it done. He studied the pair further.
The larger of the two threw open his cloak. His hands clenched a short thick blade and a truncheon of sorts with spikes on either end. His face bore a scar not altogether different from the one Mercer would likely have once his cheek healed. The larger man stood mute, his presence, his battle-scarred face, and his odd weaponry more than intimidating enough.
“And if we don’t give it to you?”  Damantan surprised himself with the words. Instead of the higher tones of youth, his voice was low, almost as threatening as the weapons the two men had carried into the inn.
“Then we kill you and take it.”  The smaller man spoke and his hand flashed from beneath his cloak. 
Kamafial saw the blade as it cut through the air, spinning in flight toward the elf. He was saddened and enraged that the young elf should die thus, at the hands of a paid criminal or assassin. He drew his notched blade from its sheath and stepped to meet the larger of the two as he charged toward Mercer.
The two blades clashed. Kamafial felt the shock of the impact in his hands and traveling up his arms. Already, in a single stroke, his blade was notched anew. He could feel the man’s sword scraping away from his and managed to step away from the spiked truncheon as it swept near his hips. He lowered the tip of his sword and lunged, but the man knocked it away with the edge of the hammer and tried a thrust with his own short blade. Kamafial rolled around the thrust and brought his sword back against the handle of the hammer. He pressed hard, letting his blade slide along the length of the handle until the edge found out the fingers that grasped it there. With a deft flick of his wrist, two of the fingers were shorn away. The man jumped back, the handle of the hammer slick with blood, but still gripped in the remaining fingers. So, that is how our host lost his fingers, Kamafial concluded and wondered that such a thought sprung into his mind at this time.
Already, the man renewed his attack, this time sweeping with the hammer and slashing with the sword. Kamafial nearly missed the change in tactic. He was to block the sweep with his sword, leaving himself open to the slash. But he didn’t block the hammer; he stepped away. When the slash whistled down, missing his forward leg by less than two fingers, he slashed back, just catching the extended arm above the wrist. He ducked as the hammer swung by again, a backhanded swing after the forehand miss, and rolled as the lowered sword was snatched up at him again. The blade caught the edge of his tunic sleeve and sliced through to whistle onward unbloodied.
Kamafial rolled to his feet as the man stepped back a pace to regain his balance. He bled from both limbs but appeared not to notice. He bared clenched teeth and Kamafial could see blood on his gums. He eyed the man warily, troubled that he heard no other sounds of battle. His breathing echoed loud in his ears. Keef’s barking seemed to come from a long distance away. Any moment, he thought, and he would feel the knife of the smaller man sliding between his ribs. But the larger man was moving again.
He tried a rush, his blade held low, the truncheon swinging from overhead. Kamafial turned the blade aside and stepped inside the swinging hammer. They collided and the man could almost be seen to grin as he let his larger mass fall on his smaller adversary. But instead of enveloping and pummeling his foe, he immediately rolled away, the front of his tunic stained red. Kamafial rolled away in the opposite direction and brought the sword up, his left hand dripping blood. He had turned, dragging his sword with him, as the man started to fall. Catching the tip in his left hand, he held it firm and allowed the larger man’s weight to fall across the naked blade. The notches had dug into Kamafial’s hand, but the wound was minor compared to the slice that was left on the man’s throat. The large assassin lay still.
Kamafial turned to see how the rest of the room fared, expecting to have to defend himself immediately, and surprised by the tableau before him. Mercer was frantically holding onto Keef as the snow-dog struggled to join the fray. Kamafial was pleased he had done so; the dog would have been a hindrance in the small space. The dog’s barking filled the room as concussively as a hammer striking metal in a closed smith’s shop. The apprentice’s eyes were round in wonder at the violence of the room. His mouth was agape as he looked at the elf. Kamafial turned to see Damantan standing over the small man. Blood pooled around the man’s head. The young elf appeared distraught at the life he had taken; a tear hung from the end of his nose as he stared. The innkeeper still sat unperturbed on the edge of the bench as if melees in his guest house were a common thing.
“Many were the times I could have wept over the death of a stranger at my own hands, but I quickly learned that the more I know of such men, the less I regret killing them,” Kamafial attempted to console his young friend.
“But I didn’t intend to kill him.”  The elf’s voice was edged in sorrow.
“He certainly intended to kill you,” Kamafial rejoined. “What happened?”
“I don’t know. I knocked away the first blade like pushing aside a curtain; it seemed slow in coming toward me. After that, my hands simply began to dance of their own accord.”
“You played a game of slashes with him?” Kamafial snorted.
“Slashes. Yes. But it wasn’t a fair game. I had two blades and he only had the his sword, too long and clumsy for such close work. It was too easy to block.”
Kamafial continued to laugh, but the elf refused to find humor in what he’d done. “Alas,” Kamafial said. “That is why you have been playing these many years.”
“His hands were so fast!” Mercer found his voice. “He looked to torment and tease; he kept touching the man’s armor with his knife tips. He started low and slowly the blades sliced higher and higher until the armor ended and there was only the man’s throat and face. I could almost feel sorry for the man myself, as he surely saw the blades coming and there was terror there.”
“It is a strategy I’ve seen him use before:  make the lowest cuts first so the ball tumbles the length of the cloth once he makes the last cut at the top.”  The explanation was meaningless to Mercer who was unfamiliar with the elfin game. Kamafial put a hand to his friend’s shoulder. “Waste not a single drop for his like. He sought death. Yours. It turned upon him and you are preserved. Know that he would not have spent a single thought of regret were you the one lying there.”
Damantan sheathed his twin blades and wiped the tip of his nose.
Mercer released the quaking dog. Keef tore from the loosened grip and ran back and forth between the two combatants. Thus were the snow-dog’s affections divided. Kamafial rubbed the dog’s head between flopping ears. Damantan patted the dog’s quivering hip as the tail thumped incessantly.
“What are we to do with them?” Damantan asked indicating the two bodies.
“You pay extra. I bury,” the innkeeper spoke. He seemed unimpressed at the victors’ exploits.
“We will pay extra,” Kamafial agreed. “And hope these are the last such men we will encounter. Do you think there will be others?” he asked Mercer.
“I don’t know.” 
Kamafial noted something in the young man’s expression. “Are there others?” he asked.
“There was at least one other. He wore a pale red cloak, but I’ve not seen him since I left Thesilia. At the very least I have not seen the cloak. He had another with him. I’ve heard their voices. This man’s voice was not one of those that I heard.” Mercer pointed at the smaller man.
“What of this one?” Kamafial stood over the larger man.
“I cannot say. I was never close enough to see their faces clearly. The closest I ever got was under cover of darkness, and I only got close enough to listen, but not to see.”
“Perhaps we’ll find a red cloak within their packs?” Damantan suggested hopefully.
Kamafial knelt to the packs and pulled them open. He dumped the contents to the floor. Spare clothes, a half-empty wine sac, rope, and other tools of the road spilled out. On top of it all tumbled a heavy coin purse. Kamafial offered it to the host.
“They can pay for their own burial. You can deduct the difference from what we owe.”
The innkeeper weighed the purse in his hands. “Is more than I need,” he said.
“Keep it anyway,” Kamafial said. “We’ll need you to continue to watch for us even more than before I think.” The half-elf turned to Mercer to confirm this.
Mercer nodded, regretting that these new friends would have to be more vigilant for his sake. He walked to the door and glanced outside as if he expected to find an army of assassins marching through the snowy village. The street was empty. He poked his head out to look in both directions and saw only a pair of trolls walking toward the inn at the corner. Something about one of the pair was familiar to him. Though it had been dark and the nose was smashed, he thought he recognized one of his attackers from the night before. As if the thought had created some link between the two, the troll turned his head and looked directly at Mercer. It was Rawks.

Chapter 42: Leaving Mirimah

They ran south along the edge of the river unopposed. The calls to battle faded behind them and now there was only the steady patter of rain on the bare branches of the trees and the low murmur of the river. Halisill counted only six remaining, including himself. One was hobbled with a bloodied knee; another, with the hem of a cloak as a bandage on his forehead was still dazed from a blow. Halisill had been grazed over one ear in the mad exchange when his small troop loosed their shafts into the goblin flank.
He held a hand up for them to stop at the Plantrill Ford. There was no sign of the two they’d left behind to watch the ford. Halisill dared not call for them. They spread out among the trees to look for their kin, but they were gone. Halisill hoped they had returned to the bowers or that they had fled further south to guard the small fen where the king lay. And now Analith also, he thought and blinked away a tear. 
They collected the arrows and discarded weapons left behind when they flew northward; the story told by the trees had been of their kin being pressed almost beyond bearing. Now returning to the site of the goblin feint, their heads dropped as they took the unspent arrows from the shoulders of their fallen friends and family. They said little, instead working quickly. Arrows were divided among them; quivers filled again to capacity. Frayed strings and splintered bows were replaced with the best that fell from the hands of the fallen. New dressings were applied to their wounds. Injuries that hadn’t been felt when they were inflicted were discovered.
The bodies of the fallen were assembled in a line, their arms crossed, their faces covered.
Halisill begged the dead elves for forgiveness that they could do no more for them, pressed as they were. At another time, they would have been carried beyond the reach of their enemies, or set adrift on the river to flow with the water beyond the lands and to sink into waves washed silver by the light of Alistor’s moon. A rotted branch would have been pulled from a tree so that something new could grow to commemorate the lost. Laments would have to wait, and the songs of their deeds would need another day to be made. He looked to the gray, cloudy sky and asked of the second god to accept them as they were. The five still standing raised their heads as well. The rain fell on their faces, mingled with their tears, and slid from their cheeks to dampen their collars. Halisill lowered his head and glanced out across the ford.
The armored man on his fine charger sat watching them.
He appeared to be alone. The face that stared out from beneath the raised visor showed only the mildest interest. He didn’t move except to blink and to breathe a deep sigh of boredom. The rain pinged from the shoulders of his armor. The horse pawed at the mud as if impatient to move.
“Why have you come?” Halisill shouted across the river to him. He held Analith’s bow in his hands. The temptation to loose a shaft at the exposed face was great, more so for the way the man seemed to disregard the question.
“Does it matter?” the man finally answered in the goblin tongue.
“To you I am fairly certain that it doesn’t matter. But you’ve not brought an army of goblins and trolls to these woods just to reclaim one golden circlet and a funeral barge. What is the true reason for your presence here?”
The Ouros turned the horse, ignoring the question. Without a backward glance, he spurred the animal into the trees. The gleam of his armor flashed between trunks as he walked his mount back upstream. Halisill watched until the last flash and the man was gone. Doubtless he would return with more goblins and trolls for the elves’ defense was shown out. The far side of the river was empty, the mud pocked with footprints and hoof prints filling with water, each little puddle overflowing. He looked at the river. The beauty of the green water was marred by the raising of silt from the bottom of the river where the branches of the trees thrown across upstream dug into the riverbed and faint streaks of red. The expected bodies of the goblin fallen were oddly absent, the current bearing only broken twigs from their makeshift bridges and the traces of blood. And how many more twigs and trees will bear the brunt of our enemy’s malice, he wondered.
He turned away from the ford, prepared to depart his home. South along the river in a sheltered fen lay the goodly king whose crown had been an excuse for the coming of the strange men, the hated goblin enemies, and the trolls. There could be no other than ancient animosities in the minds of the trolls. Halisill had believed those lost and forgotten embers had been cold for a long time, but somehow they had been stirred and rekindled. But to what end?  He was frustrated trying to figure what the motivation had been for trolls to join not only men, but goblins. For as long as Halisill could remember, trolls had never had any love for either of those two races. Granted, they had always been contrary and belligerent when it came to elves, but there had been no contact between the trolls and the southern realm for centuries. Even an offense offered by the gray elves of Thimbol was not excuse enough to attack here. He worried at how the world could be changing.
As he turned, something on the near bank caught his eye. It was a moment, lost in thought about the strange alliance tearing through Fridia as he was, before he realized what he had seen. He replayed the brief fray that had occurred here in his mind. None of the goblins had reached the near bank. None had come closer than just over halfway across the river. But there were footprints outlined on the muddy slope. Footprints that slid and showed how the those who made them had struggled to gain the top of the bank. Footprints that left the steep edges of boots bearing the heaviness of armor and showed the spraddle-legged gait of goblins. 
Halisill nocked an arrow. The other five saw the muddy track and followed suit. They crept toward the hamlet seeing here and there a clump of mud from a goblin boot, the odd scrapes they made with their bowlegged gaits, the last frail green plants crushed before the snows came. It was obvious within moments that the goblins had no interest in the hamlet as the path they made ever bent southward along the river. Though the steps were muddled and scattered, Halisill thought he could see at least a dozen different tracks.
His thoughts immediately leapt to the barge hung in the branches of Mirimah and the bower of the king only another hundred or so paces beyond that. The fen was hidden, but if the goblins continued their southern route along the river, they would likely find the narrow track between the woody bogs that led to it.
He threw a hand in the air as they reached the farthest edge of the hamlet. The abandoned bowers of their kin were in sight. He chose two of his number to collect what they could from the bowers to supply them for their flight south. He and the remaining three spread themselves along the trail, two to each side. He doubted the goblins would attempt to float the barge across the river, even if they were able to remove it from the branches of the willow. They settled themselves in clumps of trees and listened. Beneath the constant drip of the rain, a distant chopping sound and goblin curses sounded like the last traces of an echo. Halisill would save the Elder Sister, the willow named Mirimah, that his people had loved from the time it was little more than a seedling. The tree was older than he was. He waved the other three forward.
The goblins were unaware of them. There were nine of them still on the shore; two had fallen into the river and were being dragged by the current, sputtering and cursing for their comrades to fish them out. Two more had axes and were swinging them into the barky flesh of the willow tree. Four had crude grappling hooks that had found purchase within the barge. They pulled it to the near shore but couldn’t remove it from the water; the branches of Mirimah tangled in the prow, holding it fast. The three remaining goblins would have appeared comical was not their intention so malicious. They jumped beneath the tree attempting to hack with their short swords the overhanging branches that held the barge in place. Halisill could see Gristlelip’s surviving son among those tugging on the dirty ropes trying to pull the barge ashore. He mused that he’d never been sure which was Rodenttooth and which was Maggothair, and it surely wasn’t going to matter in the next few moments.
The elves stretched their bows all at once. Four arrows twanged from the strings with a single muted sound. The surprised goblins jumped as they realized their danger. Three fell in the first volley, two splashing into the Silwing, muddying the river with their blood. A fourth cried out as the shaft deflected from a tree branch and pierced him through the arm. The five that remained uninjured sought to hide behind the tree or to use the riverbank for cover. Halisill signaled the elf at his side to follow as he swung through the trees to come out on the goblins’ flank. The two on the trail whisked arrows just past the trunk of the respected sister tree, thus keeping the goblins bottled up.
Halisill emerged just behind their clustered foes. He could see that they’d each dropped their blades and now clung to their slings, stones already seated in the leather. The first arrow to slice among them startled them so that they abandoned their cover and were soon swept into the elfin crossfire. In moments, all save the one cringing on the bank were pierced and dying.
“You there,” Halisill shouted, “on the bank. You have but two choices:  take your chances in the river or die with our quills buried in you!”  He was not surprised to hear a series of splashes as the goblin discarded his ratty armor and attempted to swim. He was however startled by the arrival of the pair of elves that had been left to watch.
“There was another group that broke off when they found the barge. These others entered the hamlet to search for the king. They are dead,” stated one of the two sentinels, the scrape of a sharp stone creasing his forehead.
They approached the barge. The goblin with the shaft through his arm attempted to flee at their approach and fell with three arrows through his back. The funeral boat was bobbing gently, its keel scratching against the sandy bottom. Halisill laid a hand to it to throw off the crude grappling hooks and found that the boat was free of whatever charm had locked it in its place, probably due to the foul hands of the goblins. He ordered it be held fast until the others arrived with whatever provisions they could find. He turned his attention to the tree.
Two chunks had been gouged out of Mirimah’s side and countless small hurts showed where the axes had struck randomly, the careless disregard of the goblins. Halisill spoke quiet words and pressed the wounds closed, pushed stripped pieces of bark back into place. The tree quivered, its frail greenery dropping now scented rain down on the sorrowful elves. He looked at the strewn bodies of the goblins; Gristlelip’s surviving son who had proven as greedy as his father lay still clenching the dirty rope of a grappling hook in his clawed hands.
“I would not foul the river thus were our need for haste not so great. Throw them into the river and let us hope the particular hatred for Mirimah fades with Gristlelip’s last son. Alas, we cannot take our beautiful sister with us. But we can hope her wounds will go unnoticed and that she will survive,” he pronounced with less than hope that it would be so.
There was little left among the bowers of the elves, most carried away by the maids and children for their exile to Scithe Du. Halisill had but a single bag waiting in the elfin skiff hidden in the fen. He had anticipated there would be no more than four taking the river southward, bearing the king away on the week long journey along the river to the heels of the mountains. But now he had eight to account for, including two wounded. True, he reasoned, he now appeared to have two boats, but wondered that there would be enough to feed their numbers. The gathered provisions barely filled the small trail pack the pair had found discarded among the trees.
This pair and the two wounded, he placed in the barge. Equipped with stout poles, they pushed away from the riverbank and began to float downstream. Halisill could see them guiding the craft along the eastern shore, set to turn in at the entrance to the fen. He and the remaining three companions began their race overland to the boggy trail. Halisill turned one last time before the track bent away and the water willow was lost in the general tangle of riverside trees. The drooping branches and leaves ever trailed in the water sending peaceful ripples downstream. He saw the first mass of goblins and trolls entering the hamlet from the other side. The black armored men reined their horses in, their eyes searching among the deserted bowers. Halisill turned and fled.

Chapter 43: Last Flight

Melisill flew from tree to tree, ever seeking to keep the thicker trunks between himself and his pursuers. Stones whistled around him, thrashed through underbrush, thudded into solid branches, kicked up the fallen leaves, each deadly missile slung, he knew, as much for sport as malice. Would they never tire, he wondered. The goblins, so long avoided, had grown as a people until their numbers dwarfed the elfin population of Fridia. Those that pursued, he knew, did so because they had missed the main assault, their numbers were so great. But each stride he made into the forest tilted the odds into his favor. They would become lost; they would slow down; they would grow tired of chasing through the rain-soaked forest; they would return to their leaders empty-handed.
Melisill was the last of the wood elves of Fridia to break away from the defense of his homeland. He’d clung to the trees loosing shaft after shaft into the advancing mass of goblins until the pain in his fingers became unbearable and it seemed that each goblin felled was replaced by two more. Only when it was obviously hopeless in turning back the churning horde had he turned away, not seeking a new vantage point to send more of his deadly darts into the invaders, but to make his own escape. Fridia was overrun.
He knew well the paths to Multhorn, the shallow hollow lined with elms and maples along the upper edges and clustered with thick, hearty oaks throughout the bottom. His bower was in one such giant among the acorns and the squirrels. There had been his solitude for within the small hollow he lived alone. He would seek out Nictillum, the massive tree that crossed branches for him and cradled him throughout most of his life, and collect the few things needed for the long trail to Scithe Du. But still his enemies gave chase. The pounding of their boots and the rustle of the fallen leaves told him they had yet to slow.
An open stretch lay ahead. A small spring bubbled from the rocky feet of a hill and meandered through a natural corridor in the trees about thirty strides wide. The spring was a source of sweet water quietly rambling through the middle of the sward. Melisill had come to it many times to drink and lay in the perfumed embrace of the wildflowers that sprung up between the grass blades. Often on summer nights he had come just for a clear view of the multitude in the sky and to see the opposing crescents of the twin moons that would never eclipse, but ebbed and flowed like a tide. On such rare nights, the shadow of the world reduced each moon to a silver sickle, the points at each end pointing to one another. The spring and the sward were the source of so many fond memories. Now he dreaded to cross the narrow strip of land.
He burst from the trees, the sound of snapping branches and hammering feet still close. In ten loping strides, a short leap would carry him over the watercourse, and ten more strides would bring him once more into the trees. He leaped. And landed with a shock that resonated all the way to his temples. He stumbled but kept his feet and charged onward. His wounds began to ache; he could feel his heart surging, sending blood to the cuts and scrapes and bruises he’d accumulated. He felt it begin to flow anew after the jarred landing. Two uncertain strides further, and he heard a shout, a cry, a gleeful cheer. Five more strides and stones flew past to be lost in the forest beyond. His pumping arm was bumped by the shaft of a spear as it sliced past and slid into the brown grass and fallen leaves. His breath caught. His chest heaved. Goblins don’t throw spears, he thought. The trolls had taken up the chase. It seemed their role was to be greater than simply throwing trees across the river. Their strides were greater too, longer than the gait of the bowlegged goblins. Unless Melisill found a way to elude them, they were capable of following him the day through and into the night. They hadn’t been fighting or injured and would all too easily overpower him.
One step from the sheltering trees he felt the shock of stone on his hip. Another spear whisked by and stuck quivering in a tree. He ducked, making himself as small as possible. The warmth of the blood was seeping inside his breeches, and then he was into the trees. His pace renewed despite the hobbling pain. Trees flashed past, a black and grayish blur of tangled branches soaked with rain and mist that hung like the spray over a waterfall. He dove from the path, a shortcut between two low pine trees; hoped the trees would shield him from view long enough to increase the space between them. The trolls heard the rustle of the evergreen needles and plunged in behind, delayed only a moment. He swung to the right putting trees between himself and the trolls. Another burst through a clump of pines and a hurdle over a deadfall, and he could see the edge of the hollow in front of him. The sound of pursuit seemed uncertain for a moment, but the crashing through the trees didn’t diminish. He limped on taking heart at the nearness of the sheltering hollow.
And he was up. The maple was a stout old tree with many thick limbs. One of the largest trees along the edge of the hollow of Multhorn, it had been tapped for its sweet syrup every year for as long as Melisill could remember. But this winter it would not be so. He was saddened to think of the many things that would be no more. He scrambled from branch to branch climbing to a height of four lengths. His back to the thick trunk, his hand pressed against the injured hip. The pressure helped to deaden the pain, but he could tell that if it came to another footrace, he would lose. He steadied his pulsing heart and calmed his ragged breathing. Already the flow of blood was being staunched; the fabric of his breeches was thick with it but absorbed no more.
Within moments, the forest floor below was teeming with trolls and goblins. It seemed that their minds were not turned to sport, but to annihilation. They ran here and there looking for some sign of the wounded elf. No clump of brush was being left undisturbed; swords and spears were thrust into them; booted feet kicked them apart. Squirrels and colpicts dashed away and scrambled into trees. Mice scurried as their havens were torn apart. Unseen birds screeched as the foreigners thrashed through every thicket and weedy hummock. Melisill watched as they began to spread, the goblins looking for some track through the leaves and the sodden dirt.
And the trolls sought for him among the branches.
Melisill could see the trolls in the distance craning their necks to look up along the trunks of the trees. Each step carried their searching eyes nearer. Cold hunting eyes that had little regard for the plight of their quarry. They carried their clubs on thongs hanging from their waists, and in their hands were their long barbed spears, ready to be hurled toward the firmament. They were capable of throwing these pikes nearly as far as an arrow could be shot from a bow, and further than the goblins could sling their stones. Dirty and hairy, their faces were now ever turned skyward blinking the rain out of their eyes. Melisill slid out to the extremity of his branch and stepped gingerly onto the limb of the next maple. In this wary fashion he slipped from tree to tree, climbing ever upward until he reached the thick oak forest with its massive denizens. There he moved much easier until he reached the first branches of Nictillum.
Goblin and troll voices filled the air as they called to one another. There seemed to be an argument building over who would be the first to go into the hollow which was obviously an elfin lair and was probably lousy with those ‘tree-huggers’ as the goblins referred to all elf-kind. The trolls laughed at the goblins’ cowardice and marched into the hollow, striking every low branch within reach, scrutinizing every limb made smooth through centuries of elfin hands climbing. But no troll would ever climb these trees. Big, powerful, and clumsy as they were, they were no climbers. Melisill silently slipped along, closing in on his home.
As he was about to slip above the last branch and thus crawl in, something moved within his bower. The faintest flutter of a twig revealed a presence there, something more substantial than the squirrels that sometimes came and stole nuts. Creeping from bough to bough, he positioned himself above the comfortable cradle that was his home and looked down to see a young elf-maiden huddled beneath his spare cloak and blankets. Her name was unknown to him, though he had seen her among those who’d fought there beside the waterfall. One of the company that had come from the northern and eastern reaches of Fridia. Her eyes were round and frightened as they peered up into the soggy sky, alerted somehow to his crawling there in spite of cautions he’d taken to remain unseen. She shivered and gripped her wraps that much tighter. He eased himself into view and put a finger to his lips. Eyes still wide, she nodded her understanding and moved aside as he lowered himself into the small cradle.
She wasn’t much more than a girl, he saw. Her rain slicked golden locks still had a slight girlish curl. The first lines had yet to etch their way across her innocent brow. Her mouth was well-formed, and only now was knowing the first grimace that comes with maturity and dismay. The splash of freckles across her nose and cheeks was nearly faded. Despite the pain of his injuries and the cold of the winter rainstorm, Melisill felt a strange warmth as he drew in beside her; he’d never seen anyone so lovely.
Melisill noticed that she held her arm close to her side protecting some injury.
They huddled together then beneath the blankets. Melisill draped the cloak overhead and the rain slid around them. He reluctantly, bashfully, put an arm over her shoulders careful to avoid the wound she protected. Still she quaked with cold and fear, the slight movement agitating his hip. She buried her head against his shoulder and he realized that she was crying. He despaired of finding a way to comfort her before her weeping was heard by the trolls prowling throughout the hollow. He pulled her in close, rested her head against his chest. Her breathing eased and her muffled sobs ceased.
Troll voices taunted from below, calling out for the fastest running elf to show himself. Only cowards fleeing Old Cheat could match the elf’s speed, they shouted. The two elves would wait a long while for the voices to fade into the damp woods and the sound of pattering rain to replace tearing sounds of destruction being wrought upon the forest floor.

Chapter 44: A Dragon

Lisle was struggling with the words in the book Ambrist had lent her. Her mind was only half interested in the strange tale that was the history of the Diyani. It was written in the language of the Thesilins. She had seen in their ever expansive collection that the same history was recorded in every known language of the world. What had the Diyani more of than any other race, Lisle thought wryly, than time. They could well afford to spend eternity painstakingly reproducing these chronicles in the dead tongue of the wood sprites of Mordona against the day that extinct race suddenly haunted the dripping forests of that forgotten land again. And wanted to read such a long and tedious tome, she sighed. The book in her lap was one volume selected randomly from a set of almost eight hundred that comprised the Thesilin version.
She had to contain herself when Ambrist showed her a cellar storage room eight paces wide and twenty paces long packed floor to ceiling with paper and lamented that they would soon have to make more. Four other such storage rooms now stood empty.
Lisle closed the book. Her mind was ever on her home and all the sudden changes that were thrust into her life. Sitting among the billions of words in countless languages she felt more alone than ever before. There was the Schill—Clovisill, she corrected herself—but apart from the quirky, strange man who before had been nothing but her father’s distant advisor, there was no other to confide in. There were things she would not reveal to a grown man, not even to her own father were that a possibility. Ambrist who tended to her as an older sister could not be made to register anything other than her own melancholy in her wondrous green eyes. It was frustrating how she was always deferential when what Lisle sought was advice. Speaking with the Diyani was not an outlet for the thoughts that troubled a young mortal.
She sought relief from this perpetual irritation with a walk through one of the gardens. The smooth worn paths never fully relieved the aching loneliness, but the fresh scent of growing things and the cooling breezes rippling over leaf and stem helped. Insects that had never known winter’s hibernation buzzed and shrilled among the bulbs and petals. Such carefree energy reminded Lisle of the spring just past, when her father still sat his throne and people spoke of the love season as the bees collected their nectar and the birds expanded their nests with the multifarious chirping of the newly hatched. She could close her eyes and hear the pleasant odes hammered out in a pacing horse’s hoofs, the victorious blare of trumps announcing her father’s royal arrival, the celebratory rouse as subjects loyal and grateful greeted the king’s passing. And always, the king, her father, with feigned humbleness approached her as she swept through the gardens, her robes gliding over leaf and stem. M’lady and M’lord they exchanged with exaggerated formality and embraced but briefly before the affairs of the kingdom drew him away. She would turn then and see her ladies in waiting aglow from the king’s all too brief presence before the conversations began about which young man would be the least wanting among the kingdom’s nobler sons. For scandal they would talk about which guardsman they found superlative to the noble born officers appointed to command them.
She sat on a bench. The sun was overhead somewhere. Beyond the reach of the harmonious voices that gave the valley its eternal spring, a winter storm was raging. High above the pale, summery sky winds were thrashing, hurtling ice and snow over the mountains and all around the pleasant vale. But the radiant heat of the hidden sun pierced the inclemency and flooded the tiny island around her bench.
Lisle was tired of sleep, which is what happened each time she retreated to one of the cool stone benches to remember. The dreams were always the same, but the disappointment was greater each time she woke and found herself here. For most people, she knew, being in a place that had been reduced to myth would be cause enough to feel wonder on waking. But how wonderful is a myth that nobody believes?  And how believable is a myth that nobody wonders at any more?  She posed these questions to herself and delighted that she didn’t have to answer them:  let Clovisill, her advisor, worry about such things. She laughed quietly, embarrassed that she laughed at all there alone in the humming garden.
She thought of her half-elf advisor and knew that he was impatient. Long had his eye been turned toward the gleaming tower with its intricate whirls etched swirling around the base and climbing like ivy up the sides. Daily he asked when he should be taken up the winding spiral stair within to hear the words of the world from this highest tower built by the hands of any race. Each time he was told that the day had not yet come. The topmost floor of the tower extended beyond the influence of the Diyani song and was open to the harshest weather; thus the Diyani could hear the utterance of every race when the rest of the world was more temperate. But the storm that flowed over the dome of their song blasted itself against the near mountains for almost a week now with little to indicate it would stop soon. Such storms, he was told, would boil overhead for most of the winter, dumping enough snow to fill some of the surrounding vales right up to the ridges that enclosed them.
Clovisill passed the time with Gareth and Luthern learning the names and properties of all the plants in the Diyani realm. He was finally contented that they were unable to sing any of the spring song for him, but had learned to follow the complex melody and hummed wordlessly along as they chanted to themselves. Other times, he also visited the library, but his interests were more academic. He compared the Thesilin texts to the Ouros texts and would have his companions pronounce the words in the Ouros language. In this way he began to acquire a rudimentary knowledge of their speech although it had yet to progress past the recognition of their sentence structures and the differences between questions and statements. Lisle was convinced her advisor would be fluent by the time the buds bloomed on the trees outside the Diyanis’ home.
She knew that in the cool of evening he too found solace in the gardens. But then, his father was elf kind, and like his father he was uncomfortable after too long with a roof overhead. She suspected he would have slept the nights through on the benches were he not concerned with offending their hosts. He envied her afternoon naps amid the gray and purple flowers, the patch of growth she seemed most attached to.
She was surprised to see him approach when the day had not yet reached its midpoint; usually at this time his nose was between the pages of the Diyani history, his tongue working its way around the language of the invading enemies who claimed to serve the serpent.
“It is near that time,” he said. She could see that he was pleased by something. “Gareth has been upon the ridge and believes there will be something of a break in the storm. We are to make haste if we are going to take advantage of it.”
“You would have me come with you?  I haven’t the skills to hear what you hear.”
“I would have you learn, not only how I am capable of hearing the words of the world, but also what those words are. Gareth will be with us and will interpret what I cannot understand, namely the speech of the Ouros.”
“I would have thought you an expert by now,” she teased. He ignored her. “Very well then,” she said. “Lead on.”
Gareth met them at the door to the tower. He stood looking down at a small marker, his head bowed as if in prayer. A long, heavy cloak was draped over his right shoulder. The low shoes that usually adorned his feet were replaced with thick boots with the cuffs of his trousers tucked inside. Instead of his light tunic, he wore a woolen shirt laced up to his throat. Two bundles tied in bags hung from his wrists and two packs sat at his feet. He turned as they approached. “For when we get near the top,” he advised and passed a bundle to each. He and Clovisill strapped on the packs.
From the bottom looking up through the many lengths of spiral stairs, the last landing was cloaked in darkness. The steps were of stone projecting directly out of the walls of the tower. The effect made it seem that the tower had been bored out from the inside; the hand that created it had begun at the bottom, chiseling and shaping as they ascended within the immense pointed shape. Indeed from the outside, the tower looked like nothing so much a satin swathed finger pointing at the skies. Clovisill commented on the workmanship. Gareth labored to climb and talk at the same time. The slight echo of his voice was pleasant.
“It was forged from a mountain,” he said. “What used to be the highest peak the world over was pared away and hollowed out to what we now climb.”
“Who…?” Clovisill asked, straining to conceive that such a feat was accomplished.
“The gods,” Gareth’s voice echoed back. “Apithor created the mountain, his shining achievement after he created all the races that lived in the world. But he didn’t want the races to despoil it; he wanted it to be a solid monument to his achievements so he set it here in the far north where most of the races refused to dwell. And solid it was, without crack or seam; one monstrous shard of pyrlin. Then he quarreled with his brother. Alistor, for spite, set us down on the mountain and taught us how to tame the seasons. When Apithor threatened to bring the mountain down upon us, Alistor obliged him by chiseling down the mountain himself. He delved into the sides of the mountain and spread the pieces around until the bowl that we inhabit was formed. He was pleased with his work, but wanted more from it. Thus he hollowed the inside so we could climb higher than any of the races Apithor created, and taught us how to listen to the world. It was for this that Apithor cast him down.”
“How many steps are there,” Lisle breathed. Already they had climbed close to five hundred and the bottom of the tower was still much closer than the top.”
“We’ll not reach the listening platform today. There is another landing at the midway point.”  The Diyani turned his sorrowful eyes to the young queen. “It is divided into smaller sections if you wish privacy.”
“That is…convenient,” she responded quite breathless. She wouldn’t waste the effort trying to tell him that she had learned to do without privacy over the last month and a half.
“In answer to your question though, there are 11,486 steps from the basin floor to the last landing. Imagine how many more there would be if we were not already so high within the mountains!”
“Imagine!” she said.
Clovisill turned to look at her, a wry grin expanding the bottom half of his face. She stared back unable to hide the disgruntlement on her face. Despite their ages and the packs on their backs, neither of them seemed the least bit winded. She opened her mouth to speak again, but thought better of it.
At the first landing they stopped for a meal and a drink. Gareth opened his pack to reveal that he intended to eat as well within the tower as anyplace else. He laid out at least ten different leaf-wrapped delicacies and pulled the stopper from a wine sac. The perfume of the wine filled the narrow space and restored even Lisle’s weary spirits. She sat next to Clovisill watching the old man eat with a relish that belied his exiled state.
“You  know,” she said after a few moments observing him enjoying himself, “you have a habit of asking me to do the most difficult things.”
“Only because I know you can do them. I would not if you could not,” he laughed and tipped the wine sac.
“I can only imagine what life was like for your poor apprentice.”
“He is more a son than any lackey in training. I worry that I’ve asked too much from him.”  His mood grew heavy and Lisle realized that she was the cause. She left him to finish his meal in peace.
The climb lasted for long hours broken after only every thousand steps or so. As they progressed, Clovisill noted that some of the intricate carvings seen from the outside of the tower actually delved through the stone surface allowing slivers of illumination to enter. In the slashes of light he could see that every step was likewise carved or etched, sometimes with the wild flowers of their meadows or animals from the forest, sometimes with depictions of their god, Alistor, in his benevolence. It was clear that the carvings had come from many hands. So this is what you do with eternity, he thought to himself: you carve and you record the history of the world many times over. He paused at some of the more intricate works, but always looked onward in anticipation of the time he could hear the words on the winds.
Lisle’s calves were burning when she spread the winter cloak in a corner of the midpoint landing. She flexed her legs against muscles that felt wooden with cramp. Gareth lit a small fire more for light than heat. Beyond the walls was a cool spring evening. During their ascent, the temperature had dropped little and was cooler than it would have been beside the fountains and in the gardens below. In his woolen shirt, Gareth seemed not to notice. Nor did Clovisill, but Lisle felt the difference. She was glad for the thicker cloak.
The faint chirruping of a lone cricket echoed upward through the tower until it sounded like a multitude. She was glad the tower was thus enclosed; she feared she  would never sleep if she had a view from this height. She listened from the shelter of the wall, refusing to look downward between the spirals. Even if the view was merely the blackness of a seemingly bottomless hole, she didn’t want to look.
“Are there no portals to view the landscape before we reach the top?”  She heard Clovisill ask.
“None except where the walls were thin enough that Dontryst’s chisel came through.”
“Dontryst?”
“He was of the Diyani. Once long ago when even we were young, we ventured out into the world and left our vale empty, but ever was our tower the marker to show us where our home was. We could always return, we knew and agreed that we should find our way back after our moon had waxed some hundred times. We went our separate ways; the world seemed so much bigger then. Dontryst and his bride, Lorellee, went to the north.
“In our absence the tower was scarred. It was as if Apithor deigned to pull it from the earth, but the roots of the mountain were too deep. When we returned we could see that sharp nails had scored the base in an attempt to twist and wrench it away. We despaired that the elder god would take even more from us. After several hundred months time, Dontryst returned alone and would not speak of his Lorellee’s fate. Indeed, he spoke not a word ever again and his voice was lost among the singing. Some say that certain flowers that used to bloom ceased to do so when their voices were silenced. Flowers made all the more beautiful because of the love between the two were seen no more, and some wept that their like would not be seen again.
“He came back to us and nodded to the tower as if some accord had been made. From that time forward, every waking hour of his time was spent in shaping and elaborating the scars on the tower. Scaffolds were built and ropes hung that he could reach into the very sky with his labor. Many were the days that he hung from the last platform, a hammer and chisel in his hands repairing the scratches. We knew not what drove him so—a memorial to his bride, maybe—but we took it upon ourselves that the inside should thus be decorated as well. He ignored our efforts; he ignored everything except the food and drink needed to sustain him. And the tower itself.
“When his work was complete he did not come down to survey his accomplishment. He placed the blade of his chisel against the rope that suspended him and struck one more blow with his hammer. I was within the tower at the time and heard but a single muted note. No utterance was made even as he fell.
“The marker at the bottom is but a small memorial to him who created a larger memorial to her. It is hoped that he made an agreement with Apithor and that the reward for his efforts was to be reunited with his lost Lorellee. But the elder god is fickle.”
Lisle blinked away tears at the sadness of the tale. Through the glassiness in her eyes, she saw Gareth’s green eyes and the compelling sadness there. This is but another tale of the tragedy of these people, she thought. The stricture of her throat denied her speech, but she doubted words would ever dispel the Diyani’s sadness. She sat and listened as Clovisill continued to question their host about the other lands and what the Diyani brought from them, the various flowers and trees, and the animals that he’d not seen beyond the vale’s borders.
Lisle fell asleep recalling the panic she had felt as she dangled on the side of her father’s tower. A puny specimen next to the Diyani’s, but a fall was just as deadly from three hundred feet as eleven thousand. Her sleep was troubled with anger at what the half-elf had asked of her, but tempered that in her dream she’d fallen into the Diyani vale.
By noon the next day, the border between the song and the storm could be seen overhead. Lisle grew disoriented looking at it. Directly overhead, it had the appearance of placid water reflecting a sky that didn’t exist. Gareth stopped on a landing just short of the border. He pulled on the heavy cloak and drew the hood up until his green eyes were hidden in shadow. Lisle and Clovisill followed suit.
“Stay as close to the wall as you can,” Gareth ordered. “When we step above the song line, the winds will still be fierce and will swirl around the inside of the tower. We will have but another thirty steps to reach the platform. You’ll not want to fall this close to your goal.”
“I would as soon not fall at all,” Clovisill murmured into Lisle’s ear.
“I would not have you fall either,” Gareth said. “One thing more: mind that while the air may be more violent above, it will also be thinner. Your breath will come at greater effort. If you begin to feel the effects of this, step down and regain yourself.”
They dropped their packs and followed the Diyani through. The sensation was disturbing as first their heads and then their shoulders felt the full impact of the bitter wind while below, their bodies experienced none of it. Lisle found that they needn’t have worried about Gareth’s warning of falling. The cyclone swirling within the upper reaches of the tower  pressed them against the walls; they slid from step to step, their hips and shoulders scraping the wind polished stone.
The tempest was fierce on the platform; the air frigid. A sheet of ice covered the floor. Tiny icicles formed and hung from the portals until blasts caught them and the shards went flying. All around they could see the vague shapes of the mountains and the ridges, faint lines sketched in the white air. Clovisill had to scream to be heard.
“I thought the storm was passing!”
“We are early,” the Diyani screamed back.
Lisle crouched near the leeward side of the wall. What madness, she marveled, could lead anyone to climb such a long way and stand in this kind of weather. She considered going back down the thirty steps to where the tower was still filled with the temperate days of early spring, but neither Clovisill nor Gareth seemed intent to depart. She would not go alone. What fate would she tempt, to try the climb and be blasted away from the walls should the winds shift:  to fall alone, her scream lost to the two above listening for words in a maelstrom. She hugged herself closer and waited, the small portion of her exposed face turned away from the wind and the screams of the others. The air was thin and she focused on drawing it in.
Nothing was truly distinct out there. The sun was so far above and clouded, it was hard to tell where it resided in the sky. She wondered in which direction home lay, feeling that to look toward it would make her closer to it, but she had no idea where to look. She closed her eyes and huddled within the cloak. Not even the snowy trip with Clovisill in reaching this place was as cold as this felt.
It was several long minutes before the storm began to abate. The shrieking of the wind was reduced to a steady moaning. Lisle could even imagine that somewhere above the bruised sky, the sun still shone summer on some place. She reached up to feel the line of small icicles rimming the edge of the portal. They felt like children’s teeth, tiny nubs in a great gaping mouth. The mountain away to the east grew distinct and as Clovisill pointed the way to her, she knew that somewhere beyond its massive shape her kingdom lay, even if now it was beyond her power, wrenched away by other hands.
Clovisill threw back his hood. He cocked his head so that the stiff breeze blew constantly into his ear. Lisle wondered that he would hear anything over the persistent moan. He remained motionless for so long, she thought he might have frozen in place. She looked to the Diyani, but he too remained still. His eyes were closed and she knew that he also listened. Clovisill seems almost an amateur with his head thus tilted while the Diyani merely needed to close his eyes to hear, she thought guiltily.
“Thesilia is scattered,” Clovisill spoke at length.
“Many have gone westward, their hearts heavy with their losses,” the Diyani added. “They are not lost though, and there are those among them of stout heart. You may find that Thesilia still has strength, but it only needs to be gathered.”
“The Ouros occupy the Theliant.”
“They merely winter there; they plan to occupy all of your country when the winter breaks. They await only the first buds of spring to start calling for their families. They mean to stay and subjugate.”
“The elves of Fridia have been routed.”
“They gather in their southern stronghold unaware that they will be assailed from both sides of the mountain. Would that they understood the speech of the Ouros, they would know that an army has marched across the frozen desert, a place they call the Shock Muer.”
“The goblins have vowed to burn the southern realm.”
“The Ouros will deny them; their alliance will grow weak. When the Ouros have finished using those other races, they intend to claim all for themselves, even the land forbidden by so many, the Murkhiil Plain.”
And so it went. Every observation Clovisill made was elaborated on by Gareth. Lisle was sure that it would be a source of irritation to her advisor, but he didn’t betray any strong emotions about it one way or the other; he simply accepted it. Lisle, however, was beginning to be embarrassed for the half-elf.
Clovisill finally raised his head and looked to their immortal guide. “The Ouros number many more than have reached these shores thus far. They wait only for the storms to spare the oceans before they bring them here.”
“They do. The first buds of spring will bring them. You listen well, but rather intently. They are driven and would have so much more than just the crown that was laid on the dead king’s brow. But they do not know that the sword is here, this self-same sword that you have sent into the west. This would be considered a prize even greater than the circlet of gold that rested upon her father’s head. Even now your apprentice has it in his keeping, and has met with those you proposed.”
“The sword!” Clovisill said, and clapped his mouth shut. Of course the Diyani would know of the sword.
“The sword is tied to the crown. Did you not know this?”
“I didn’t. They did not arrive together and were not bought together. Would that I’d learned this Ouros language before now.”
“You still have much to learn of them, but you also have time. Winter is still in its youth, and it will be a long, cold winter for your people who are scattered. The southern elves will have the briefest winter, but it will still be bitter. The Ouros know that the crown was sent thus, and that you sent it. They believe you sent it away to deny their ruler.”
“Yes, I sent it away,” Clovisill muttered. “They came to us claiming the crown as a prize belonging to their dragon. But I sent it away to deny it to Marwaer, not out of any fear of a dragon. Do they think to terrorize the whole of the world with such meaningless prattle?  Because they have adopted the serpent as their symbol, we are to cower and surrender our wealth,” he scoffed. “Whatever they believe, they are still only men.”
“My friend,” Gareth pulled his hood away. “Have you not heard at least once the new voice that rumbles over all others in the east?”
“I have heard a voice greater than the rest of the Ouros, one that commands. Is that not the voice of their leader, the one called Nuersh?”
“It is, my friend, and Nuersh is a dragon.”

###


