The Cook For Any Price: More Commonwell Tales
By Neal Ross Attinson

Copyright 2022 Neal Ross Attinson
Front graphic copyright 2008-2022 Alana Dill


Smashwords Edition License Notes:
This free e-book may be copied, distributed, reposted, reprinted and shared,
 provided it appears in its entirety without alteration and the reader is not charged to access it.
(If you do share it, though, please let me know!)



To AC (again and still):
Editor, Spur, and Fellow Sailor



Earlier drafts of these tales
appeared on my blog,
The Metaphorager.


Also by this author:
The Cook For Any Price: Across the Rimless Sea
Pithyisms

Prix Fix
I.e., “Prosatio Silban and the...”


Unfinished Business
Centuried Stew
Amazing Replicator
Sentinel’s Turn
Sobering Desolation
Weekly Respite
Wavering Line
Ambiguous Twins
Game Game
Friend’s Favor
Indicator
Dining Companion
Senseless Struggle
Leg Up
Boundary Crossers
Artful Dodge
Humble Pie
Idol Fancy
Speedy Feasts
Service
Tainted Wind
Final Refection
Counting Time
Recipe Thief
Tourist Trap
Success Victim
Holy Terror
Poet’s Souvenir
Awesome Spectacle
Next
Dire Straits
Curious Artifact
Fine Print
Wicked Stage
Harnessless Dray-Beast
Royal Fete
Integrated Pests
Dueling Perfumers
Why
Antecedent History
Road Taken
Hidden Kingdom
Gourmet Gallivant
Quintessence
Ambitious Intern

Culinary Concordance
About : Connect

Unfinished Business
In which Our Hero’s place and time are reintroduced.


PROSATIO SILBAN LEANED FORWARD IN his folding chair, placed his elbows on the drop-down dining counter, put his head in his hands, closed his eyes, and sighed.

What a time it’s been, he thought.

A chill breeze prickled his flesh, but he made no effort to close the galleywagon’s half-open upper door. It’s nice to feel Pormaris’ gusty night-air again. I never thought I’d return here, to the epicurean city I love so much, after such an eventful and wide-reaching journey.

His happy meditations reeled back to before the beginning of his adopted career, when he left the Sacreanthood with a disillusioned self-defrocking. Then a year spent in the holy city of M’zir, which gave him a needed distance from all things familiar. After that, an under-wing adoption by an unexpected mentor for a purpose he hadn’t known he craved – a purpose which carried him through adventure after subsequent adventure over more than a quarter-century, as he established himself throughout the Three Cities and Thousand Villages of the Uulian Commonwell (and environs) as the hardworking and resourceful Cook For Any Price.

A man needs to feel useful, he thought. Without that small necessary, nothing else matters. And in this, the most interesting of all possible worlds, everything matters.

Smiling, Prosatio Silban stood up from the chair and stretched his arms overhead, fingers brushing the dangling tangle of cookware, cheeses, drying herbs, and cured meats. He opened the honeywood pantry abutting the magiked glacier-ice coldbox, and a well-organized array of ingredients met his appraising eyes: tins of mumblefish and other tasty sea creatures; boxes of various-shaped noodles; sacks of blue rice, jaraanga beans, and assorted flours; bottled vinegars, oils and duliacs; containers of this, packages of that, bundles of something else. His smile tightened into a fierce grin.

A cook-errant could make much coin with such culinary building-blocks, he thought. The question is: What next?





Centuried Stew
In which Our Hero tastes his world’s oldest dish.


IF YOU’RE GOING TO STAKE your reputation on a single product, it had better be a good one.

The large, one-eyed woman behind the food-stall counter was brusque but not unfriendly. “We have stew,” she told Prosatio Silban. “That’s all we have. That’s all you need.”

“I know,” he replied. “That is, in fact, why I am here. I cannot believe a gastronomic institution like yours went so unvisited by me for so long. Consider this a pilgrimage by the Cook For Any Price.”

The woman smiled and nodded. “I am Ordvina Tharop, and pleased to at last meet you. We have entertained here a steady stream of ‘pilgrims’ for longer than I have been alive. I am happy and honored to count you among them.”

As an old Pormaris hand, Prosatio Silban thought he knew all the local purveyors of both raw ingredients and prepared food. However, the great island-city was famed for its ability to surprise even longtime habitués with its miscellaneous diversions, and the cook-errant himself was often enough delighted to bear witness to the occasional astonishment – especially in Pormaris’ fabled South Market, where anything could be obtained given sufficient price and circumstance.

The food-stall in question occupied one of the market’s more obscure corners, and sported no sign or identifying banner. The sole evidence for its existence was a luxuriant aroma pervading the immediate area. None but an informed nose such as Prosatio Silban’s could trace it to its source: a heroic stew that had been cooking since the city’s establishment eight hundred years ago.

“Cup or bowl?” asked Ordvina Tharop.

“I believe a cup will suffice for a first taste,” the cook said. “After all, one never knows how much or how little something will sit on one’s palate.”

She ladled his request from a simmering cauldron into an unglazed earthenware mug. “One in copper, if you please,” she said.

“Only one?”

“Only one.” She gestured to a modest pile of small wooden spoons on the counter. “Please enjoy.”

They made the exchange, and Prosatio Silban stepped back from the counter to examine his purchase: a viscous brown liquid a-swim with meats, roots, tubers, and other more fragrant constituents. Its rich bouquet intoxicated him, and as he raised the laden spoon to his open mouth, the heady scent caressed his tastebuds. He deposited the spoon’s contents across his tongue, and his knees almost buckled as he let out a soft moan of sheer pleasure.

His first impression was of the stew’s texture, which was not at all what he expected – a thick but silky oral embrace, a satisfying snap to the vegetables and a congenial chew to the meats. It was well-seasoned and savory in the extreme, with a sharp undercurrent partaking in equal measure of sweet and bitter. Before the cook knew it, he was scraping his spoon on the empty mug’s bottom.

“Without a doubt, this is the most delicious thing to cross my lips since ... since ... since, perhaps, ever,” he said with a happy grin. “Please – may I have seconds?”

* * *

As afternoon began to shade into evening, Prosatio Silban secured for the night his own marketplace corner, stowing beneath his galleywagon his painted menu-board and two tables-and-chairs. His mind, however, was still occupied with his earlier diminutive but divine repast.

The stew’s quality derives not alone from its recipe, but its method, he thought. Low heat and long cooking will coax every hint of flavor out of ingredients and into stews and soups. But this is long-cooking on a level far, FAR above anything I’ve yet encountered. O Blessed and Merciful All-Mother! thank You for allowing me to live long enough to appreciate such a dish!

He hummed a tuneless melody, and was about to feed his dray-beast when two chainmailed city guards approached, clad in Pormaris’ sun-emblazoned livery. “Pardon us, Master Cook,” said one in a gruff yet polite voice. “Please do us the courtesy of answering a few questions.”

“Have I committed some wrong?” the cook asked.

“Not to our knowledge,” said the other guard. “Where were you earlier this afternoon?”

“For the most part, I was here at my galleywagon, serving an eager and hungry public. After that, I happened upon for the first time the Commonwell’s oldest dish. Do you know of it?”

The guards’ jaws tensed. “That is why we are here,” said the first. “We are speaking with everyone who visited its seller today, for that ancient admixture has been stolen.”

“Stolen!” exclaimed the cook. “How? When?”

“By swift subterfuge, and within the past hour,” the second guard said. “Mistress Ordvina was tending to a minor errand, and when she returned, her stew and its storied cauldron had vanished. None of the neighboring merchants said they saw or heard anything of a suspicious nature. Did you?”

“I did not.”

“How long was your visit?”

“Not overlong. I did linger over a second mug after bolting the first, offered profuse and sincere praise, and left. Is there anything further I can do to aid either your inquest or Mistress Ordvina herself?”

“Not at present,” said the second guard. “I wish we could say you’ve been helpful. Thank you for your time, sir.”

They departed, and Prosatio Silban creased his brow in concern. It’s difficult enough to stay in business here by providing a variety of fare – but to provide only one? he thought. And such a unique one at that? I must find a way to help her.
 
* * *

The sun had just set when the cook came once more upon the crime scene. All was just as Prosatio Silban saw it during his earlier visit, save the missing cauldron. The fire over which it had sat was now ashes, but otherwise, nothing else had changed. Even the pile of wooden spoons was intact.

Well, one thing had changed. Ordvina Tharop was staring at the empty space that her lifelong livelihood had of late occupied.

“May I join you?” the cook asked.

She looked up with tear-moistened eyes. “Please,” she said.

He put a hand on her arm. “I would like to help.”

Ordvina Tharop sighed with deep feeling. “That may not be possible,” she said. “I have been turning over in my mind the afternoon’s events, and can only come to one conclusion: someone wishes to ruin me.”

“Who would want to do that?”

“I do not know. My great-grandmother’s great-grandmother’s great-grandmother inherited that stew and its prodigious vessel from her extended forebears, along with instructions for what to add, and when and how to add it. I have been tending my charge with diligence and good faith since I was young, making substitutions as availability dictates, all the while keeping the essence intact. Why would anyone rob me of that?”

“Why indeed?” Prosatio Silban said. “Perhaps together, we may arrive at a solution. It is not yet full night, and I do have some small influence which may prove useful in detecting the culprit. Let me try.”

A hopeful expression crossed Ordvina Tharop’s face as the cook closed his eyes and quieted his breathing. When he deemed the moment favorable, he recited in a low tone an old but familiar formula:

“O Hopmon of the Ever-Filling Purse, and Everwen, Finder of the Otherwise Obscure, I seek Your boons and plead for Your intercessions in the matter of this most grievous offense. Shed Your light in the direction of its perpetrator, that the fruits of this hardworking woman’s trade not go for naught. In return, and on the occasion of its restoration, we will publicize Your miracles whenever the opportunity should arise. This I, or rather we, affirm.”

Practical theophany can often be a dodgy affair and, for several heartbeats, Prosatio Silban almost despaired of anything happening at all. Then, by slow degrees, a soft green light grew behind the counter until it took on the dim semblance of a man – a short, bearded man dressed in a suggestion of ancient clothing, embracing in his ghostly arms the very real cauldron of stew.

“Why have you disturbed me?” the spectre asked in a hollow, breathless voice.

“That depends on who you are,” replied the cook. “And what you are doing with Mistress Ordvina’s property.”

“I am Jegs Urmano, First Cook to the Architect Bold Merianus Ydren, and it is not her property. It is mine.”

“By what right?”

“By right of creation. I first cooked this stew to celebrate Pormaris’ founding and its future, and have been shepherding its flavor ever since. But this one” – here he pointed at the stew-mistress – “has corrupted it!”

“I object!” cried Ordvina Tharop. “I have not so done!”

“You have. Where is the preserved apple? Or the spiced vanth? The twile, the jugged harrian, and, most important of all, the potent moon-wine?”

“Such things have not been seen in the Commonwell, or even these Exilic Lands, since long before my great-great-great-grandmother’s birth. She improvised replacements, as did her mother and her daughter, and the improvisations took root and flourished to become a vital part of the stew’s particular taste. After all, adaptation is essential to any transmission process.”

“But it is not the same stew! As the saying goes, ‘Traditional flavors are traditional for a reason – because they tasted right the first time.’ You cannot change something and call it by the same name!”

“We have only ever called it ‘stew’ – which it is! Would you rather we had stopped cooking it at all, and lost it to the All-Limiter?”

Prosatio Silban raised a mollifying hand. “Please!” he said with quiet politeness. “It seems to me that you are both arguing the same point. As the originator” – here the cook pointed to Jegs Urmano – “you wish your recipe to live forever in the hearts and mouths of your descendants. Your descendants also wish that. But they are living in a world different from the one in which you lived, and must make certain necessary adjustments as scarcity and situations dictate. The question is: What would be the least egregious way to satisfy your desire for integrity?”

There was a pause, during which Ordvina Tharop and Jegs Urmano contemplated the flagstones beneath their respective feet. Then the spectre spoke.

“What would satisfy me would be to trace the stew’s history and transmission-chain for everyone who wishes to eat it. If you cannot prepare it as I did, you should at least describe the ways and wherefores of its present iteration. I would be happy to teach these to you.”

“I am the twenty-seventh link in your chain!” Ordvina Tharop exclaimed. “Speaking those names would take longer than the act of eating – to say nothing of ‘publicizing the miracle’ invoked by this cook!”

Jegs Urmano’s eyes flashed, but before he could reply, Prosatio Silban spoke up. “How if a standing sign could be fashioned, serving the same office?”

“Well ...”

“I suppose ...”

“Good! In the interests of intergenerational amity, I will even contract for the sign. Bello Ryarin is the local limner who painted my own menu-board, and I always enjoy handing him more work, especially in these uncertain times. I ask only one price.”

The spectre smiled and returned the cauldron to its place, then Ordvina Tharop ladled some of its contents into a mug and presented it to the grinning cook. 

“Is this it?” she asked.

“You are both as wise as you are exacting,” Prosatio Silban said. “Yes, this – but in a bowl, and another whenever I visit this epicurean city. Think of it as the price ... of peace.”




Amazing Replicator
In which Our Hero attempts to right a cruel wrong.


SMALL KINDNESSES CAN OVERCOME GREAT cruelties, as Prosatio Silban discovered one day to his everlasting pleasure.

The circumstances began with the beefy cook reflecting on yet another boisterous morning crowd surrounding his painted menu-board in the Itinerants’ Quarter of Pormaris’ famous South Marketplace. If only there were some way to serve my clientele without their jostling each other for primacy, he thought. I am grateful for their coin – but my board, and seating, is not up to their numbers.

Natheless, he survived the brisk, six-patrons-at-a-time breakfast service with his trademark aplomb. He had just finished the morning’s washing-up when a well-dressed man and rags-clad adolescent appeared at the menu-board. The man ran a cursory eye over the listed offerings, nudged the boy with a wicked-looking, belt-hung quirt, and broke into a toothy smile as the cook-errant approached.

“With what may I please you both?” Prosatio Silban asked.

“It’s not how you can please me, but rather how I can please you,” came the man’s reply. “I am Aufsetto Ab’dik, late of toilsome Tirinbar, and I am an imprinter by profession. This” – the boy flinched – “is my apprentice.”

“It is good to meet you both. An imprinter, hey? In woodcut? Or movable-type?”

“Neither. I employ a device of my own invention, one which I have not immodestly named after myself – ‘Ab’dik’s Amazing Replicator’ – and I would like to offer to you my services.”

“What makes you think I need your services?”

“I have seen your expression these past few mornings from my adjacent market-stall. You seem a man in search of a solution.”

“And what will it cost me?”

“Naught but mutuality. You will help me to publicize my invention, and I will help you to control your custom-tide.”

“Well. Convince me.”

Aufsetto Ab’dik snarled at his subordinate, who cringed and produced a luminous mirrored paddle from a wagon-mounted, chest-high metallic box in the stall abutting Prosatio Silban’s galleywagon-space. The lad passed the paddle over the menu-board, then attached the implement to the gleaming cube. After a bit of fiddling, the apparatus emitted a succession of loud whirrs and clicks before discharging a series of stiff bamboo-paper cards. The boy collected these and placed them, eyes downcast, into the cook’s waiting hand.

“By the All-Mother!” Prosatio Silban exclaimed, leafing through the stack. “Perfect replicas in every way! Is this magik?”

“Better than,” Aufsetto Ab’dik replied. “It is machinery.”

“Whatever else, it is also ‘amazing.’ What are your terms?”

“I have created nine pieces. You may have seven as a gratuity, and I will retain two – one as a proof for future jobs, the other for my portfolio. Should they serve you as promised, you may have more for a nominal fee to offset my costs, labor, and apprentice’s meager wages. What say you?”

A moment’s pause, then the cook proffered an open hand. “Done,” he said.

The next morning, instead of battling a bustling, menu-crowding human cluster, Prosatio Silban laid out the replicas on his two tables-and-chairs and directed to them a string of first-seated, first-served breakfasters. He repeated this for what turned out to be profitable lunch and dinner services, and at the day’s end, he gathered the six menus and secured them in his galleywagon.

It wasn’t until the end of the second day that he realized he had only five. I am certain there were seven, he thought after a thorough, frustrating, and fruitless search. O Beltryx, Goddess of Unstoppable and Inopportune Retrieval, he thought. Where and why have You taken them?

More disturbing to Prosatio Silban than the misplaced menus, however, was Aufsetto Ab’dik’s mistreatment of his young apprentice: shouting, cuffing his ears, even striking him now and then with the quirt. Whenever the cook raised the issue with his temporary neighbor and inadvertent partner, he received the same answer.

“Boy’s got to learn,” the imprinter would say with a dark frown. “Besides, that’s how I learned – and look how well I turned out.”

One day, Aufsetto Ab’dik absented himself from the vicinity to search out clientele. The cook took the opportunity to engage in affable banter with the skinny, anxious-eyed adolescent.

“What is your name?” he asked.

The boy cast glances left and right, then regarded his all-but-tattered shoes. “Uggit,” he said in a near-whisper.

“Where are you from, Uggit?”

“Bellyback. Village. Near Tirinbar proper.”

“Everyone must be from somewhere,” Prosatio Silban said in a kind voice. “How did you end up in your current situation?”

“M’father. He ‘prenticed me for to get himself out of debt.”

“Did that help?”

“He used the coin to purchase more spirits than he could drink and live. So, no.”

“I’m sorry to hear that.”

“So was I.”

The ensuing and awkward silence was broken by Aufsetto Ab’dik, returning with his package-laden pack-lizard. “You! Boy!” he shouted at Uggit. “Come unload these parcels. Or do you want the quirt?”

With a resigned grimace, the boy excused himself. The imprinter slapped him on the back of his neck and sauntered over to Prosatio Silban, who was making a great show of uninterruptable busyness.

“Are the new menus working as expected?” Aufsetto Ab’dik asked.

“Quite well. The only problem is that they keep disappearing.”

“Disappearing! Indeed. Perhaps someone wants a souvenir?”

“I’d not thought of that. I shall have to watch over them; that’s easier now due to my not being overcome by would-be customers.”

“Good, good! As for the menus, I will be glad to replace them – for a fee.”

“Which is?”

“One in copper. Apiece.”

“Expensive, what?”

“But worth it, as I’m sure you’ll agree. I’ll replicate them from one of yours and return straightaway.” Humming to himself, Aufsetto Ab’dik entered his stall and barked an order to Uggit.

Two weeks later, the mystery had deepened. One menu per day continued its enigmatic departure, and Prosatio Silban’s investment in the imprinter’s business continued its steady subsequence. Not long thereafter, Aufsetto Ab’dik, as had become his daily wont, ambled over to the galleywagon after the breakfast rush to boast to his captive fellow-tradesman.

“I am on the cusp of great things,” the imprinter said. “The Heir Second Vajang Capito will be visiting me today. If I can make a good showing of the Replicator, he will finance me to create more of them. Imagine! It will change my profession forever, and make obsolete both woodcut and moveable-type. I will control all the Uulian Commonwell’s imprinting – and become wealthy beyond my most avaricious dreams. You may attend the demonstration as my esteemed witness. But I must first make myself presentable.” So saying, he strolled off in the direction of Pormaris’ public baths.

Once he had gone, it was Uggit’s turn to pay the cook a visit.

“I know where your menus are going,” the lad said with his usual furtive air.

“Oh?”

“Yes. He” – Uggit jerked a thumb in the direction of the departed imprinter – “is stealing them. Faking your signature. Selling them on the undermarket. Calls them ‘souvenirs used by the Commonwell’s best-known mercenary cook.’”

Prosatio Silban’s face flushed. “You are certain of this?” he asked, voice trembling.

“I operate his machine. When I make a new menu, he takes two of your used ones. That way he can sell truly ‘used’ menus.”

“Is that so?” asked the cook, clenching and unclenching his fists. “Well. Well. Well, then. Listen carefully ...”

M’Lord Vajang Capito, flanked by a trio of liveried retainers, was seated in Aufsetto Ab’dik’s stall, and the latter was sparing no compliments to impress his important caller. Much to his potential patron’s increasing delight and amusement, the imprinter had already replicated a closely written deed-of-title and a silhouette of the noble’s mother, Allita, and was working up to a much-ballyhooed finale.

“As your keen eyes can discern, good m’Lord,” he said with naked obsequity, “the Replicator can manufacture swift reproductions in a variety of colors and styles, sizes and shapes, no matter what the material subject – text, portraiture, even living models. Master Prosatio here can attest to that, and my apprentice will show you an example. Uggit? Please demonstrate for our wise benefactor the Replicator’s capabilities. If you will permit us, m’Lord Vajang?”
 
“Of course!” said the aristocrat. “I am quite enjoying myself. Pray continue as you will.”

With care, Uggit passed the glowing paddle over the Heir Second’s face and plugged the wand into the waiting machine. After the mechanism made its signature noises, Uggit retrieved from it a large sheet of bamboo-paper which he handed to the waiting noble.

“Do you see the resemblance?” asked Aufsetto Ab’dik.

M’Lord Vajang cocked an eyebrow. “I see a resemblance, but I do not believe it is the one you intended I see,” he said. “Explain this, if you please.”

He handed the paper to the curious imprinter, who gasped and sputtered. “What is the meaning of this?” he spat at his apprentice, his face crimson. “Is this some sort of prank?”

“No, sir,” replied Uggit, raising his eyes to meet his employer’s. “You know yourself. The Replicator can only make true images.”

The imprinter cast down the paper where Prosatio Silban could see it. Superimposed in large red letters over the Heir Second’s crisp and colorful likeness were the words, “AUFSETTO AB’DIK IS A THIEF, A LIAR, AND A BULLYING CHEAT.”

“Damn your impudence!” Aufsetto Ab’dik snarled, slipped the quirt from his belt, and raised it.

“Cease! What are you doing?” demanded m’Lord Vajang. “It is forbidden by Commonwell Law for masters to strike their apprentices. Too many have abused their office for it to be otherwise.”

“It would not be the first time he did so,” said Prosatio Silban. “I have witnessed it myself.’”

“In truth?” asked the noble.

“In truth,” replied the cook.

Aufsetto Ab’dik let go the quirt. “I-I was just trying to teach my apprentice in the way I was taught,” he stammered. “I meant no harm.”

“Ah,” said the cook. “But you did.”

“And have,” added Uggit.

M’Lord Vajang gestured to two of his retainers. “Take this cruel man away,” he said.

As the protesting inventor was dragged from the scene, the noble extended to Uggit a welcoming hand. “My boy,” he said in soft tones. “You seem to have more than a little skill with this equipment. How would you like to become wealthy in my service?”

It was the first time Prosatio Silban had ever seen the adolescent smile.




Sentinel’s Turn
In which Our Hero plays for his life.


SKIRTING THE AZURE VOID IS not for the timid, and while Prosatio Silban did not possess that trait in great measure he did on occasion come close to experiencing it.

“Easy, Onward,” he clucked to his buopoth, as the quaint dray-beast lumbered its way along the vast crater’s narrow rim-road. Not for the first time, the cook wondered how the hulking animal could plod with such careful agility between extreme height and utter depth. He murmured a grateful prayer to Piedrolo, God of Surefooted Ambling, as his galleywagon bounced over rocks and across potholes.

Unique among the Exilic Lands’ fantastic geographies, the Azure Void was so-called by the refugees who founded the Uulian Commonwell more than eight centuries ago. As with most matters Uulian, the designation was a nod to their poetic practice of naming that which none had ever before seen: in this case an unnatural, many dayrides-wide emptiness shrouded in an air of perpetual twilight.

Aside from the snoat-breeders of Ixtachet and their singular economics, few dared to live within the Void’s adjacency. The sole reason for Prosatio Silban traveling its eastern edge was that it directly connected two of his favorite villages: Kissing Bridge in the south and Hightower in the north. Also, the journey scratched his irresistible itch for the seldom-beheld and remarkable.

Craning his eyes westward, the beefy cook could almost make out the distant crags on the Void’s all-but-invisible floor. Though said to be haunted, details regarding any astral inhabitants were sketchy and few. Anything out of the ordinary may as well be haunted, Prosatio Silban thought, so long as no one can be troubled to investigate it.

Onward’s rattling hoot cut through his reverie. Just ahead on the right was a squat but imposing slate structure, its angular grey bulk pocked by rough holes and painted with jagged glyphs. The building had no roof or crater-side wall; its shadowy interior seemed uninhabited, and he was about to pass by with a shrug when a hoarse voice croaked at him out of the darkness.

“Welcome, traveler,” it said in a thick but familiar accent.

The cook reined his dray-beast to a halt. ‘In ambiguity, react with boldness,’ ran the old Uulian proverb, so he made his voice both brave and firm.

“Who are you?” he asked the unseen speaker.

“I am Kishu, the sentinel of this place. And you?”

“Prosatio Silban, the Cook For Any Price. What do you want of me?”

“I would converse with you. Pray take your rest here.”

“I do not take rest with those I cannot see.”

“A point well taken.” A bright candle kindled inside the gloom, revealing a wiry old man with short grey hair, clad in the motley tunic typical of an Aydnzmir minstrel. He was sitting at a makeshift slate table, on the other side of which was another quartz-boulder seat; on the table sat the candle and a trio of small dark spheres.

”Is this not more welcoming?” asked Kishu.

“Not by very much,” Prosatio Silban said. “What do you do here?”

“I keep watch over the Azure Void and engage with all who pass my way.”

“Why does the Void require watching?”

“Because one never knows.” Kishu smiled and swept his hand above the tabletop. “Do you enjoy games of chance?”

“Of a sort. What do you propose?”

“It is a variation on the pastime you know as Middles. We of the Singing City call it ‘manaka-no,’ and employ dice rather than Uulian gambling-cards. Are you intrigued?”

The cook thought for a moment. It has been a long day, and Onward should rest his strength for further travel on this difficult road. What harm could come from one middles-match?

“You have your challenger,” Prosatio Silban said, and dismounted from the driver’s-bench. He unharnessed Onward, fed the buopoth a fragrant maroon fatberry-cake, and sat down across from Kishu. The three dark spheres were actually multifaceted gems. Each triangular face bore a number from 1 to 20.

“The mechanics may be strange to you, but the principle is the same,” said the sentinel.

“For what shall we play?” asked the cook.

“In truth, I have no items of value with which to bet. Let us instead play ... for time.”

“How would that work?”

“As the host, I will serve as dealer for ten throws, then we will switch roles.” Kishu cast on the table two of the icosahedra. “Eight and sixteen,” he said. “An auspicious beginning, perhaps.”

Prosatio Silban rolled the third die. “Fourteen. An auspicious beginning indeed. At least, for me.”

“Shall we roll again?”

“Please.”

Kishu did so. “A six and a ten.”

“For some reason, I feel lucky.” So saying, the cook rolled a seven, and a peculiar lightness surged through his chest and arms. Was that a new seam on Kishu’s brow, or a mere trick of the dim light? He rubbed his eyes.

Another cast by the host: one and fifteen. Prosatio Silban rattled the third die in one confident hand, and let it fall to the table.

“Sixteen,” Kishu said. “An unfortunate roll.”

Three more casts; the cook lost each one. Now he was certain that Kishu’s face had changed – was it smoother? He felt his own heightened energy dissipate, as though gravity had increased. He glanced at his hands, saw liver spots on wrinkled skin, and gasped.

“What is happening to me?” he exclaimed.

“I told you. We are playing for time. When one wins a cast, he grows younger. When one loses ...”

Prosatio Silban stood up, gripping the table for assistance. “I do not wish to play anymore,” he said, his voice creaking.

The black-haired sentinel grinned. “With four rolls to go? And you now a much older man than you were! How much time will you retain if you leave before the game is over?”

“How much time will I retain if I continue to lose?”

“That is why this is called a game of chance.” Kishu cast the dice, producing twelve and fifteen. He smiled a predator’s smile. “Your roll.”

A rattling hoot sounded. Onward extended what might have been a trunk and knocked over the table; he wrapped a similar appendage around the sentinel’s waist.

Kishu stood up, snarled at the dray-beast, and his dice-hand glowed with sudden red flame. Before he could point the fiery limb at the loyal buopoth, Onward lifted the sentinel from the ground and hurled him toward the Azure Void; the flaming hand traced a meteor’s trail as Kishu receded into the blue depths.

Prosatio Silban closed his eyes, sat back, and sighed. His heart was going like mad, and it took him some moments to relax and breathe himself into calm.

Whole again, he thought, and raised his age-spotted hands. Ancient, to be sure – but otherwise whole.

He turned to Onward, two of whose eyes were regarding him with warm concern.

“Thank, you, old friend,” the gaunt cook wheezed, and rose up on shaky legs. “You have saved my life, and not for the first time. I suppose now ... we should find a healer.”




Sobering Desolation
In which Our Hero seeks a much-needed cure.


SOMETIMES, NOTHING CAN MAKE ONE feel younger than a good quest.

“It is called the Wellspring of Lost Years,” said the Siddis with a characteristic smirk. “And one sip from its dancing waters will restore your own.”

The Siddis, dressed in sand-colored burnoose, robe, and veil, was sitting with Prosatio Silban in the ale-garden of the village inn at Hightower. They were not far from the Azure Void’s northeastern edge, and although that enigmatic wasteland was hidden behind a line of low hills, its proximity filled the now-aged cook’s heart with pounding unease.

“How do I reach this ‘wellspring?’” he asked in a high and reedy voice. “And what, I must ask, will you ask in exchange for this important-to-me information?”

The Siddis laughed, bent forward, and spoke in muted tones. “Only that you provide for a companion’s food and shelter; it is long since these eyes have looked upon home. The way is challenging, though not so dangerous, and will require some outlay of coin. As these hands do not touch ‘peasant chips,’ the acquisition falls upon you. But you will be well-tended – something which a man of your advanced years will certainly need.”

Prosatio Silban thought about the half-empty coin jar in his galleywagon, and contemplated the half-full glass of white duliac in his withered hand. Had he not accepted the Sentinel’s innocent-seeming challenge to a game of “middles,” he would be elsewhere and elsewhen instead of here and now. However, that was not how matters had worked out.

“Very well,” he creaked. “I will proceed as needed, with a critical eye toward provisions. When shall we set out? and how long is the journey?”

* * *

The Sobering Desolation earned its name not due to its vast and arid emptiness alone, but also its eerie rock formations – some resembling people frozen in various states of terrified distress. In order to reach it, the questers had traveled east within the Uulian Commonwell, across part of the Emerald Incessance, and through two mountain passes; each of these natural features holding its own attendant and yet-to-be-told adventures.

By the third day since they had entered the searing desert, Prosatio Silban was already suffering from elders’ maladies: weariness, muscle-aches, and a troubling sense of immanent doom. He had chosen their provender with care, but still fretted that their food and water (and Onward’s fatberry-cakes) wouldn’t last the entire projected trek; before the party had set out, the metamorphic dray-beast had taken the form of an enormous she-camel and drunk enough to last for weeks. At least he’s well-supplied, the cook-errant thought. The way didn’t seem this long when the Siddis described it. May the All-Mother’s merciful attentions sustain us.

The company stopped to rest in the shade of a jagged cliff, and Prosatio Silban asked the Siddis to fetch some water from one of three barrels lashed to the galleywagon’s undercarriage. His guide returned after a moment, black eyes revealing fearful concern.

“One barrel is gone,” the Siddis said.

A cold bolt lanced the cook’s belly. “What do you mean ... ‘gone?’”

“Just that. It seems to have somehow unlashed itself. There is no sign that the straps were either cut or parted from wear.”

Prosatio Silban sighed. “Do we have enough water remaining for us to reach the Wellspring?”

“Uncertain.”

“What about to return to the Commonwell?”

“Also uncertain.”

“Well. I suppose there is only one way to know. We may as well press on. Agreed?”

“Agreed.”

* * *

“We have been eating rather well,” said Prosatio Silban on the sixth day. “And now, we must so do rather less well.”

* * *

On the ninth day, Prosatio Silban continued to suck a smooth pebble and pretend it was a small chunk of melting ice. By Foldero, Goddess of Humbling Misfortune, I have never been so thirsty, he thought as they wandered out of one canyon and into the next. I would be hard-put to stand this as a younger man, let alone one of such artificial elderhood. How much longer must we –

“There!” exclaimed the Siddis. “We have arrived.”

The cook twitched the galleywagon’s plaited yak-hair reins, and Onward-the-camel came to an immediate halt. Before them loomed a great dome of golden sandstone, with a man-sized opening cut into the side facing the travelers. An overtowering grey mantis sporting a woman’s upper torso and head blocked their way, her/its red eyes boring down into theirs.

“Stay yourselves!” the apparition bellowed in a bass vibrato. “Only the worthy may advance, and answer the questions which admit of passage to the Wellspring of Lost Years.”

With slow and careful movements, Prosatio Silban descended from the driver’s bench to the rocky desert floor. “What are the questions?” he asked.

“First: Who are you?”

“I am Prosatio Silban, the Cook For Any Price.”

“Next: Why are you here?”

“I seek the rightful return of the years stolen from me by one of evil intent.”

“Last: What are your virtues?”

“My ‘virtues?’ What do you mean?” The cook scowled. “I am too old to waste my time with such foolish games. What are your virtues?”

The guardian smiled as if sharing a treasured secret.

“In countless millennia, none have ever asked me that,” she/it said. “You may indeed pass.”

“Thank you,” said Prosatio Silban. He nodded to the Siddis and entered the cave.

The cool and damp interior flickered with reflected sunlight. A tall fountain of water in the cave’s exact center filled a shallow pool which almost touched the encircling wall. The cook knelt, lowered his cupped hands into the chill liquid, and brought them up to his open lips. The water tasted clean and icy. Prosatio Silban drank, drank again, and examined the backs of his age-spotted hands.

No change was apparent.

The effect must take some time, no pun intended, he thought with eagerness, and waited.

Sixty heartbeats stretched into one hundred-twenty.

Then three hundred.

Nothing, other than a slaked thirst, continued to happen.

Oh no. No. NO!

Black despair bowed the cook’s shoulders, and he shut tight his eyes to keep the tears from leaking. I have been misled, he thought. After all that, it seems I am still closer to death than before the Sentinel robbed me of my lifespan. Damn. Damn it all to the demons’ dark domain.

He stood on shaking legs, steadied himself, and exited. The Siddis raised inquiring eyes, and Prosatio Silban shook his head. “The Wellspring does indeed restore one’s vigor, but only that beaten out by the Sobering Desolation’s merciless sun and wind,” he said in a low voice. “Let us replenish our depleted barrels and return to the Commonwell – or die trying.”

* * *

Later that night, still in the desert but long miles from the Wellspring of Lost Years, a disappointed and depressed Prosatio Silban climbed into his galleywagon’s sleeping berth. The Siddis lay snoring on the ornate braided rug, and the cook labored in vain to raise his own spirits.

Tomorrow will bring yet another day of potential and possibility, he thought, then frowned. Or, for me at least, another day nearer the end. If only ... if only ... bah. What a waste of a life.

He raised one hand to extinguish the overhead fatberry-oil lamp, then stopped in mid-gesture.

What –? he thought.

He lifted its mate in disbelief. Both were the hands of a younger man: smooth, strong, and unspotted. He turned them this way and that, clenching and unclenching, reveling in the vitality and suppleness of his rejuvenated muscles. He closed his eyes and smiled in grateful acquiescence.

Thank you, All-Mother, Prosatio Silban thought with a quiet sob. Thank you for my renewed life.




Weekly Respite
In which Our Hero tries to take a day off.


LIKE ALL PEOPLE ACROSS THE Uulian Commonwell, the Cook For Any Price always looked forward with eager anticipation to Sixth.

For the first five of the Uulian week’s six days, everyone (including beggars and out-landers) tended to their trades, professions, and occupations, only ceasing from such business on the last. This fixed holiday lasted from daybreak to nightfall, and was a time for relaxation or puttering; for self-enrichment or self-indulgence; for serious merriment or frivolous pastimes; for family gatherings or other pleasures, including those of the table.

To Prosatio Silban, Sixth usually meant an unbroken expanse of time wherein he could step away from the stove, hang up his apron, and lose himself in one of the innumerable works of his favorite author, Barbatus the Elder: poet, historian, and raconteur extraordinaire. This week’s escape was The Sages of Clam, a curious collection of folktales concerning the residents of Clam – a seaside village of well-meaning souls who quite erroneously fancied themselves wiser than their neighbors. The cook-errant had just reached what promised to be an intense narrative climax when a double knock sounded at his galleywagon door.

Oh no! he thought, rolling out of his sleeping-berth and onto his feet. This had better be worthwhile – Madrak’s prayer is about to be answered! He opened the door’s upper half, but before he could inquire as to his caller’s intentions, he was hailed with a cheery greeting.

“Happy Sixth, Master Cook!” said a young man in casual tunic and kneebreeches. “Would you like to join me and my friends for a spirited game of Middles? We’ll even spot you the first two cards!”

“That does sound tempting,” Prosatio Silban said. “But I am in the ‘middle’ of something else right now. Please enjoy your game – and thank you for your most kind offer.”

“Oh,” was the disappointed reply. “Well, we’ll be in the Park of the People if you change your mind.”

“I’ll remember that,” said the cook. “Off you go.” He closed the door, turned toward his berth, and was halfway across the ornate braided rug when another knock announced another caller.

“Yes?” he asked, cracking the door’s upper half.

“Happy Sixth, sir!” said a well-dressed woman of his own middle years, dimpling with natural charm.

“Happy Sixth,” Prosatio Silban  replied. “But please – do not call me ‘sir.’ I work for a living.”

“My mistake!” She hefted a laden basket. “What would you say to a festive shared lunch? It’s such a nice day, and I have packed more than I can eat alone.”

“I cannot tell you how much I appreciate your most generous proposal. However, I have made other, more immediate plans, and I ...”

“Say no more,” she replied with a crestfallen sigh. “If your plans change, though, I will be under the shady purple-oak in the Park of the People.”

“I don’t believe they will, but you have my deepest gratitude for thinking of me. Goodbye.”

“Goodbye ...”

The cook watched her depart, smiled at himself – A sweet one, she is! he thought – and shut the upper door. What I may need do is to leave my visitor-attractive galleywagon and find a private tree of my own to sit under. Nothing aids a reader’s attention like a lovely day in the People’s Park. He picked up his book; slipped into a pair of rubber-soled, black cotton shoes; grabbed a large, blue-striped towel; and exited with all speed.

Once in the park – the most sumptuous of Pormaris’ many public spaces, a profusion of singing fountains, broad green lawns, and a vast and variegated array of plantings from overtowering trees to humble flowers – Prosatio Silban made sure to avoid both of his earlier callers. With a triumphant smirk he struck a beeline for a good-sized hedge of tall fragrantia at the edge of a spacious greensward, out of sight from the other patrons. He spread his towel and lay down on it with a happy exclamation, opening the book to its long-anticipated page. Now we’ll see if and how the Flickering Gods will favor Madrak, he thought.

He had read no more than two sentences when something bounced off his belly with a light blow, less painful than startling, and landed next to his head. The object turned out to be a fist-sized, colorful rubber sphere. A pair of red-faced boys stood not far off; they approached with apologetic hesitancy.

“Sorry, master,” said one with sincere contrition. “Our ball got away from us.”

“Yes. Sorry,” said the other, and attempted a tentative grin. “Happy Sixth! Do you want to play catch with us?”

“No. Thank you,” Prosatio Silban said, and tossed them the offending orb. “Off you go.” Perhaps there’s someplace more secluded? he thought in exasperation, rising and gathering up his towel.

Nearby, a thick shock of orange-leaf bushes separated two untenanted commons. The cook was about to enter it when the soft laughter of furtive lovers reached his ears, obviously emanating from within.

Is there no peace to be had for me today? I may as well return to my busy berth! he thought, and spun on his heel.

By this point, the warm sun was dominating the noonday sky. Prosatio Silban reached his galleywagon without further incident, only to be surprised by an assortment of parcels sitting on his driver’s bench. What’s this? Wheat bread? White duliac? A lump of truffled cheese? Wine-olives? Cured beef-sausage? Tinned mumblefish? Jewel dates? he marveled, sorting through each item. How nice! I am hungry for lunch after all, and there’s even enough for an easy supper. Whoever did this, I thank you.

Soon, half the ample repast was laid out. Prosatio Silban set his full plate on the lid of the coldbox, picked up a short knife, and was about to slice into the cheese when he was interrupted – by yet another knock.

WHAT NOW! he thought, and partly opened the door’s top-half. He was about to bark a firm but polite rebuff, when his earlier visitor dimpled at him.

“I thought you might think better of a shared meal if I supplied the ingredients, and you were the one who offered them to me,” she said with an enchanting smile. “May I join you?”

He was about to demur again, but instead his heart melted in resigned delight. “Do come in, please,” he said, and swung wide the door. “Table pleasures are always more pleasurable with company.” Maybe what I sought wasn’t solitude after all, he finished to himself. I suppose Madrak will just have to fare without me this week.




Wavering Line
In which Our Hero lends his good name to a new venture.


ACCORDING TO THE WISE, REPUTATION is everything. But that’s not always a good thing.

“I would like for us to enter into a commercial arrangement,” said Idino Tarz to Prosatio Silban. “You have a solid standing throughout the Three Cities and Thousand Villages of the Uulian Commonwell. And I would like to leverage that standing into a profitable enterprise.”

The pair were sharing a modest bottle of white duliac over the amiable late-evening din inside Pelvhi’s Chopping-House, where epicurean Pormaris’ professional hospitality-class came to relax and conduct occasional side-business. Idino Tarz was well-dressed and open-faced, two essential qualities in a wishful merchant, and his voice was the proper mix of confidence and flattery.

The beefy cook cocked his head. “What sort of ‘enterprise?’” he asked.

“I manufacture a line of concentrated and assimilable victuals, in different flavors and of various compositions,” came the reply. “It’s a fine product; inexpensive, roundly applicable, portable, and suitable both for daily use and to mitigate the seemingly random acts of the Flickering Gods. But what it lacks is a spokesperson. Someone both affable and honest. Someone whose name-recognition could help me, shall we say, stay afloat in the Commonwell’s turbulent economic waters. Someone whose air of authentic credibility would impress Hopmon, God of the Ever-Heavy Purse. To the point: someone like yourself.”

Prosatio Silban smiled and shook his head. “I am intrigued, but I do not know anything about your product. I have neither used nor heard of such a thing. Why do you need me? I know nothing of spokesmanship, or for that matter, salesmanship.”

“On the contrary!” countered Idino Tarz. “Everyone in these lands knows you. From grim-shadowed Tirinbar to many-harbored Soharis, from the grass-thick Emerald Incessance to the vast Western Wides, where the Cook For Any Price goes many will gather – and with ready coin. Let me show you what I mean.”

The merchant dug into a bulging jute sack beneath the table and proffered a hand-sized package. “Just give this a try,” he said.

Prosatio Silban accepted the beeswax-paper parcel, labeled Tarz’s Simple, and unsealed one end. A savory scent caressed his nostrils; he took a small bite of the dusky slab within, chewed, raised his eyebrows, and swallowed.

“I must admit,” the cook said with a smile, “your product’s appeal is both compelling and unique. “How and where do you make this?”

“That is a trade secret,” whispered Idino Tarz. “All you need to know is how delicious and nutritious it is, and how to communicate those virtues to the prospective public. It is a quick and nourishing meal obtainable by minimal effort and cost, a foolproof commodity which practically sells itself with no harm to you. And for all that, if you’ll allow me to put your endorsement on the label, I will pay you fifteen in silver monthly plus a tenth fraction of all sales. What say you?”

Prosatio Silban considered. Fifteen in silver was ample money even without the sales-fraction, and all the more appreciated now that the Commonwell was one month into the stormy Season of Huddling – an annual slump for the cook’s primary marketplace-based business. Catering the odd private affair scarcely kept him in coin (and personal victuals) until the rainy summer turned to the dry autumn of the Season of Industry. It sounds a slim venture at best, he thought, but certainly better than starvation. What have I to lose?

“By Hopmon, the All-Vendor; Molegast, God of Culinary Boldness; and Yntra, Patroness of Productive Daydreaming,” he pronounced with a solemn nod. “Let us proceed.”
 
* * *

At first, things went well. The pair’s Pormaris patrons were quick to show an interest, perhaps due to Prosatio Silban having plied his trade in the great island-city for almost half the quarter-century of his professional life. The printed slogan “Endorsed by the Cook For Any Price!” was a strong selling-point, and it was a rare soul who could resist it – especially when delivered in person within the city’s marketplaces – despite the weather.

“Is this truly as healthful as the label promises?” asked an older home-wife in a wide-brimmed and rubberized hat.

“Madam. Have you ever known me to lie? About food, at least?” the cook asked with a reassuring smile.

“What is in this?” queried an umbrella-carrying and youngish house-chef.

“Only what you yourself might prepare for your own supper, or perhaps your employer’s,” Prosatio Silban answered. “But with this one victual, that operation will be unnecessary.”

“And the taste?” demanded a middle-aged farmer garbed in moist oilskin. “I don’t like anything without a bold flavor.”

“We offer a variety of six well-seasoned and -concentrated repasts,” the cook replied. “If one is not to your liking, any of the other five should suit your palate.”

“You have won me over,” the home-wife said. “I’ll take three. No, four.”

“And I, two – and the possibility of more, assuming I and my patron like them,” said the house-chef.

“As for me, I’ll buy one of each flavor,” the farmer said. “I trust you – as who does not? – and at least one of the six is bound to strike my fancy.”

It was not long before word of the gastronomic device had spread to Pormaris’ immediate villages, aided and abetted by Idino Tarz, who insisted on accompanying his spokesman on his circuitous and soggy rounds. Wherever they stopped, the eager maker-merchant lightened his load by a significant degree. Home-wives, house-chefs, farmers, porters, day-laborers, tradesfolk, other merchants, city guards, fishers, and anyone else braving the ceaseless rain for marketplace provisions: all were attracted by the idea of a “quick and nourishing meal with minimal effort.” Soon, Prosatio Silban found himself somewhat sidelined by his own success.

“Why should I engage your services, when I can take home a tasty and wholesome meal for a fraction of the cost?” asked more than one client. Prosatio Silban could not assail such logic, but as his coin-jar grew heavier with the fruits of his endorsement, he ceased to worry overmuch.

All was well. Until the day it wasn’t.

“I don’t like the way it makes my stomach feel,” said one customer.

“The texture is more crumbly than it used to was,” said another.

“The flavor is all wrong now,” said a third. “Blecch.”

“I want my money back,” added more than one. And more than one added: “How could you so abuse our trust, Master Cook?”

Presently, the trickle of complaints became a torrent; the torrent, a flood; and soon the pair’s metaphoric merchantman was in danger of capsizing.

“I thought you said this would be foolproof,” Prosatio Silban demanded one day, after assessing what remained in his once-full coin-jar. “I thought you said no harm would come from it.”

“I don’t believe I used those exact words,” Idino Tarz replied in injured tones. “What I meant was that, in this as in any endeavor, a certain amount of risk would be involved. Due to the season’s economic constraints and unpredictable conditions, not to mention a deficiency of raw supplies, I have had to make certain ... adjustments to the recipe in order to keep it affordable for the majority of the purchasing public. I should have informed you of the change, and for that I do apologize. I shall change it back, though we must needs charge accordingly.”

But by that point, the purchasing public had purchased enough. “You want me to pay more money for an inferior product?” was the typical (and profuse) reaction. “You are fortunate that I am only asking for a refund!”

The pair made their dejected way back to Pormaris, both sitting on the galleywagon’s wide driver’s bench. As they approached the ferry port of Ruins-Across-the-Water, Prosatio Silban broke the gloomy silence.

“My reputation is broken because of you; my name is now anathema throughout the vicinity of Pormaris, and who knows how far away,” he muttered, fixing Idino Tarz with a hard stare. “And why? Because my customers trusted me. And I trusted you. Now, those trusts have been broken.”

“Meaning what?” asked Idino Tarz.

“Meaning that I want my share of whatever profit is still due me, if any is left. And then I want nothing further to do with you.”

* * *

“No, madam, I am not here to sell you anything. At least, anything other than a hot breakfast, or a cold one if that’s your pleasure,” Prosatio Silban said over the bustling autumnal hubbub of Pormaris’ busy South Market. “I am no longer affiliated with Idino Tarz, nor he with me, and from now on I will be again doing business for myself only – and for my once-steady customers, should the kind Hopmon so provide.”

The well-dressed older woman smiled in sympathy as she sat down at one of the cook’s empty tables-and-chairs. “I suppose you’ve learned after all to not trifle with a good thing,” she said. “I for one am glad to see you here once again, in the morning shade of your galleywagon, serving the hungry and the curious. You may always count on my business whenever you visit the City of Gourmands.”

“Thank you, madam. That is a great kindness. Now – with what may I please you?”

“I should like something that is more muscled than milled. And please – make it hot.”

“At once.” He bowed deeply, then turned and mounted the galleywagon steps.

One redemption down, he thought with grim resolve. And thousands to go.




Ambiguous Twins
In which Our Hero caters a rite of passage.


SOME SAY THAT IT IS not necessarily impossible to unite divided factions. But when the parties involved base their very identities on the division, matters can become a bit sticky.

With a silent prayer of gratitude to Ayeklet, Goddess of Brief but Eventful Travel, Prosatio Silban stepped ashore on Nearling Isle, a misty and almost uninhabited jungle just off the Uulian Commonwell’s southwest Rimless Sea coast. The beefy cook had traded his skills for passage on a crowded grain-barge direct from many-harbored Soharis, and while that brief but eventful voyage would itself be worth a tale, it is not the one now being told.

The busy trading port of Anala, Nearling Isle’s largest colony, was angular limestone storage-buildings adjoining a trio of low mirrored domes and a number of peak-roofed wooden longhouses. Moored at the settlement’s sprawling tarred-cedar quays were red-sailed dhows from abhorrent Khum; broad-beamed Commonwell merchantmen; long-oared M’zei galleys and their laughing crews; quaint polychrome skiffs from not-too-distant Aydnzmir; and assorted vessels hailing from far-off Azon, Anala’s imperial motherland. Half-clad stevedores scurried along the docks: rolling barrels, toting parcels, goading loudly reluctant pack-zebras, and mingling idle boasts with colorful threats.

A dark blonde, black-eyed and muscular woman in a yellow leather cuirass was blocking the gate at the wharf’s landward end. “Who are you? And what brings you to our island home?” she asked the cook.

“I am Prosatio Silban, the Cook For Any Price, and I am here to prepare a coming-of-age feast for the children of your Overlord and Overlady,” he replied. “And while I am aware of your nation’s gastronomic strictures, I am not yet clear regarding the specifics of my task.”

“Then you will wish to speak with Raoud, our royal envoy,” the woman said. “First, tell me: Are you carrying any dangerous objects such as magikal amulets or theurgic talismans?”

“No.” He hefted a worn leather bindle. “My knives are said to make magik, but that quality is not inherent.”

“Good.” She proffered a writing stick, paper-layered scrollboard, and supercilious smile. “Print and sign your name for our records.”

The cook did so. “Now tell me,” he said. “I hear your people count among your people workers of wonders both secular and religious. Why then the ban on those specific items?”

“We do not entertain alien influences,” came the curt reply. “Of any sort.” She jerked a thumb toward a squat limestone structure set off from the others. “Off you go.”

Despite its uninviting exterior, the envoy’s office was roomy and comfortable in a stark sort of way. Lifelike paintings of what Prosatio Silban assumed were the current Overrulers adorned a wall above and behind a great mahogany desk. Writing sticks, scrolls, scrollboards, sealing-wax, seals, spindles, and other tokens of officialdom littered its surface. The somewhat portly official seated below the portraits wasted no time or effort in coming to the point.

“We of Azon keep each to our own genders’ affairs throughout the year, excepting one week for matters of ... public import,” Raoud said, creasing a fold in his butter-colored caftan. “The Unveiling Banquet is one such. It will be attended by the royal family, their two children of course, and selected guests. Now. Your reputation in the Commonwell is matchless for competency and discretion, and your pay will of course be commensurate. Is there anything you need from us other than ingredients, a kitchen, and the desired menu?”

“I should like to learn a bit more about the attendees, that I may better tailor my cooking,” Prosatio Silban said. “How old are the children? What are their personalities? Who are the guests? And most importantly, what can I expect in the way of complementary diversions? The food should accent all of these elements, without any being dominant or distracting.”

“The Overrulers’ seventeen-summer twins are typically Azon in their values, attitudes and predilections,” Raoud replied. “The man-to-be, Yamir, is an accomplished wizardling and beginning to make his name in tradecraft. His sister Zafima, as is traditional with our females, has become a promising warrior with a fierce love of the priestess-hood. They will of course declare and confirm those specific life-paths at the Unveiling Banquet, to which their teachers, servants, and other intimates have also been invited. Your task is to make the program’s culinary components accord with the setting. Now. As to the menu, you will see that it, like the entertainment, rides the line between frugality and luxury ...”

* * *

Anala’s spiritual heart and cultural centerpiece were the three central domes housing the Shrine of Ama, the Traders’ Guild headquarters, and the Overhouse. The latter contained a capacious audience chamber, the royal family’s living quarters, and a well-appointed kitchen; rumors of the latter had piqued Prosatio Silban’s professional curiosity.

First, however, he went to meet and pay respects to his provisional patrons. Their audience chamber was pillared inside and spacious enough for more than a hundred visitors. It was severe of décor save for a broad, double-throned dais at one end; the regal seats were occupied by a tall man and woman in resplendent garb. A short stout man stood before them, clothed in a yellow caftan similar to Raoud’s. He glowered with importance as he swept one arm toward the cook.

“All honor to the Overlady and Overlord Abuar,” he said in a rich tenor, then turned and bowed to the couple. “Beloved Superiors, this is Prosatio Silban, famous in his own land and its surrounds as the ‘Cook For Any Price.’ His hands will provide for you the celebratory feast.”

The richly armored Overlady nodded in the cook’s direction, and the opulent-robed Overlord cleared his throat. “We approve of your appointment,” he said. “We will now introduce to you our soon-to-be-presented children, Yamir and Zafima.”

Two androgynous and veiled adolescents in ankle-length, tan tunics stepped out from behind their parents. “Can you make date-fritters?” asked one.

“I can prepare many foods, date-fritters included,” Prosatio Silban replied. “With what may I please you?”

The other twin nodded approval. “We like them crispy outside, chewy inside. With pits intact.”

“Then that is how I shall prepare them. Your tastes are sophisticated, and I am here to serve.”

“Excellent,” said the Overlady. “We appreciate a man who minds his place.”

The cook dipped his head to conceal his reddening face.

“We are simple but serious eaters here in Anala,” said the Overlord. “You are aware of what is expected of you tomorrow night, yes? That the feast’s success is, in large part, incumbent upon your efforts?”

Again Prosatio Silban nodded. “It often is,” he said. “And I assure you that, culinarily at least, it shall be a meal to remember.”

* * *

By the next evening, the audience chamber had been transformed from austere to lavish. It was warmly lit by glowstones and flickering braziers, and filled with the appetizing aromas of slow-roasting lamb and grilled anglefish. Long, delicacy-laden tables had been set between the ribbon-hung pillars, with a smaller table before the Overrulers’ throned dais. The quasi-royals were joined by four well-dressed men and women. At the hall’s other end, a raised gallery held a melodious quartet (flute, piccolo, and two singers). Dancers and jugglers wove their intricate way among the chattering crowd. The seating arrangements struck Prosatio Silban as odd – half of the tables were occupied by men, the other half by women. Even the musicians were divided by gender.

When the merriment was at its height, the Overlord stood up and raised a jeweled hand; the happy cacophony faded away to a respectful silence.

“Tonight marks a most significant moment,” he said. “In one fashion or another, you all have been party to the raising of our twins from their sixth to seventeenth years.”

“We are grateful for your dedication and assistance in grooming them for the responsibilities of Azon adulthood,” added the Overlady. “Let the results of your concerted labors be presented to you now.”

At a cue from the Overlady, the minstrels in the gallery struck up a complex and annunciatory tune. The earth-toned curtains beneath the gallery parted and two slender figures in long, pale brown tunics entered, veiled to the eyes in golden silk. One bore a double-headed spear, the other a merchant’s scales. They approached the dais and knelt, eyes fixed on their parents, as the four functionaries of Anala’s societal institutions rose from the table.

“Will you use the principles of secular magik for the good of our people?” asked a man in enchanters’ dress.

“Will you be true to our traditions of Ama, the Great and Infinite Matron?” asked a woman wearing clerical robes.

“Will you keep an honest and well-balanced measure?” asked a mercantile-looking man.

“Will you protect our race through the strength of your bone and sinew?” asked a woman in bright scale mail.

To each of these questions came the chorused response: “Aye, and on my life and life’s blood!”

“Then take your rightful place among the proud and free women and men of Azon!” cried the Overlady and Overlord in one voice.

With one swift motion, the twins swept off their face-coverings. There was a pause, then the audience chamber echoed with the sound of a hundred sharp in-breaths. Cries of “This cannot be!” “How did this subversion happen?” “A crime against nature!” “Banish them!” burst from indignant throats. For illuminated by the light of brazier and stone, Zafima was holding high the merchants’ scales, while Yamir clutched the spear to his breast.

Their parents were dumbstruck, but not for long. “What is the meaning of this treachery?” and “What have you done?” they demanded in turn. The four mentors – Supreme Mage, Great Priestess, High Merchant, and Lady of the Guard – turned to address their rulers.

“Please hear us,” said the Lady of the Guard. “Since their fifth summer, Zafima was balking at her traditional studies and instead showing promise as a hedge-wizard, while Yamir’s interests lay in the arts of war and worship. We at first tried to deny them their true natures, but they persisted – and so we encouraged them to explore their Ama-given blessings.”

“I have never had a more adept or devoted student of scientific magik than Zafima,” put in the Supreme Mage.

“Nor I of Ama’s crafts than Yamir,” added the Great Priestess. “Quite simply, their skills are unmatched. It is they who were able to work for so many years a seeming that each was the other. It fooled everyone – but it was done a-purpose, and without malice.”

The High Merchant next took up the defense. “Think what this means! Yamir and Zafima have proven that either of our populations can learn the other’s talents,” he said. “Far from subverting our civilization, they have shown that we need not divide ourselves in order to live well.”

The Overrulers cast angry eyes on the noble quartet. “You know the penalty for practicing the other’s occupations,” snarled the Overlady. “The same applies to their co-conspirators. And afterward, you will be banished from Anala to whatever nation will have pity on you.”

“As for you two,” the Overlord began, but was interrupted by his daughter. “As for my brother and I, we will have no part of a society that will have no place for us,” Zafima said. She took her sibling’s hand, and chanted rapid words in an unknown but musical language. A pillar of utter darkness descended from the ceiling, obscuring the twins. A moment later it had disappeared – and so had they.

The ensuing silence was only momentary. Then it was broken by furious exclamations and unanswerable queries.

* * *

“I see you didn’t stay here long,” said the imposing woman blocking the harbor gate. “Were our ways not to your liking?”

“It is not that,” Prosatio Silban replied. He took the proffered writing stick and scrollboard, and signed where he ought. “My business here was short-lived but profitable, and now it is concluded.”

He patted his bulging coin purse, hefted his knives-bindle, and proceeded down the dock toward the Soharis-bound vessel in which he had arrived. Exchanging pleasantries with the gangway-stationed sailor, the cook stepped aboard, eager to reach the galley.

In the below-decks gloom, he overtook two slight figures standing mid-passageway. As he came abreast of them, he nodded in automatic greeting – then started with recognition.

“Yamir! Zafima!” Prosatio Silban whispered. “What are you doing here?”

“Escaping,” Zafima said.

“And looking for a new home,” Yamir added.

The cook opened his mouth, but the thousand questions consuming his curiosity died away before he could ask them. Instead, he smiled with what he hoped was encouraging sincerity.

“Living authentically is hungry work,” he said. “Come with me to the galley – and I will cook for you another meal to remember.”




Game Game
In which Our Hero is asked to settle a longstanding conflict.


MUCH HAS BEEN WRITTEN OF the nomadic Xao, one of three peoples descended from the Exilic Lands’ original inhabitants. But of their sundered cousins, the forest-dwelling Xai, few tales have been told – and fewer still are those outsiders who have visited their native home and returned with tales of their own.

As was his longstanding habit when his coin jar became heavy, Prosatio Silban and his dray-beast Onward were taking their ease by meandering through someplace unfamiliar to either of them: in this case, the vast and light-dappled Greenlanes, north of the Uulian Commonwell. From the forest’s flat, leaf-carpeted floor sprouted tall and variegated stands of spirewood, teal cypress, half-moon bay, and many other trees the cook-errant couldn’t identify.

For such a woodland wonder to be so accessible by galleywagon is no mean miracle, he thought, reveling in the half-lit stillness accented by sad magah-bird cries and the glassy zizz of invisible insects. Praise to the blessed All-Mother, and to Qao, Goddess of Arboreal Glory, for such natural magnificence!

He had passed into a wide, thunder oak-encircled clearing, and was about to pass out of it when his happy meditations were cut short. A long dart bounced off what passed for Onward’s right flank, eliciting a sharp rattling hoot of protest.

From behind a sturdy emerald birch stepped a muscular, bronze-complected man dressed in grey-and-green linen, his braided black beard contrasting his shaven head. He held a blowgun pointed at the ground, and when he spoke, thick-accented Uulian tumbled from his lips.

“Apologies,” the man said, dipping his head in a curt nod. “Were not my target. But could soon become if do not tell me what are doing in my home.”

“Tell me first why you are assaulting my buopoth!” Prosatio Silban demanded.

“We Xai are in casual war with our enemies,” the archer said, and grimaced. “Can appear anywhere, so we must be vigilant. Sometimes, travelers get in the way. Most misfortunate.”

“Your ‘misfortune’ almost injured my dray-beast,” the cook said, flaring. “Who are these ‘enemies?’”

“Treeborn. Have no respect for the forest majesty, or we who live here.”

Prosatio Silban opened his mouth to reply, when a bowstring twanged and a clothyard shaft ricocheted from what could have been Onward’s left flank, producing another startled cry. A short woman in brown and green caftan stepped out from the cover of a lofty scarlet elm. Her wiry frame, large ears, deep purple eyes, and long silver hair declared her to the cook as one of the elusive and reclusive Treeborn.

I have always wanted to meet the Treeborn, he thought with quiet awe. But these are not the circumstances I had in mind.

“Please forgive my wayward arrow,” she said in lilting Uulian. “Were it not for these scrub-ruffians” – she lifted her chin at the Xai – “there would be no need for us to take up arms. However, they have no regard for these noble trees, or for those who rightly dwell beneath their leaf-thick canopies.”

The cook swiveled his head from grievant to grievant. “Are you saying there is no room for you both within this mighty forest?” he asked with incredulity.

“Our communities are separated by some distance, and we only skirmish at the infrequent encounter – such as within this clearing, which lies across our two territories’ border. But we hate the Xai with a cold fire.”

“This forest is ours,” chimed in the Xai. “We fight to claim it all.”

“How many casualties have resulted from this situation?” asked Prosatio Silban.

The Xai cast his eyes downward. “Few.”

“Actually, none,” said the Treeborn with a wistful sneer. “Our weapons seem more effective against game than people.”

The cook frowned. “To be blunt, I find your mutual claims to be absurd,” he said. “Surely there is enough space for your respective folk to abide here in peace, or at least in separated rancor.”

“We have lived here far longer than they,” began the Treeborn. “Our ancestors –”

“We belong here more,” interrupted the Xai. “Our foremothers –”

“Enough!” cried Prosatio Silban. “You are not going to solve this dilemma by shooting at one another – nor at me. I am but a stranger here, and a transient one at that.”

The Treeborn narrowed her eyes. “Who are you?”

“I am Prosatio Silban, the Cook For Any Price.”

Her smile registered recognition. “’Prosatio Silban,’” she repeated. “Your name precedes you, even here.”

“How so? I have never before visited this domain.”

“Uulian traders,” she said with a shrug. “They talk. And we listen.”

“What matters this?” asked the Xai.

“In addition to one of the Commonwell’s famous chefs (or so it is said), he also has a reputation for solving difficulties,” the Treeborn told him. “Can it be that he can solve ours?”

The cook put on his most polite face. “What do you propose?” he asked.

“Yes, what?” the Xai rejoined.

“We both lay claim to this land. Perhaps the right to live in it should go to the ones who most capably utilize its resources.”

“In what way?” Prosatio Silban persisted.

“In our most basic and fundamental means. Judge our culinary traditions.”

“And what are those?”

The Xai spoke up. “We eat sweet game-meat and fruit, which we smoke over fire.”

“We use the same elements,” the Treeborn added, “except that ours are roasted and spiced.”

“Well, then,” Prosatio Silban said. “If you are both amenable, then how if you cook for me your most prized dish? I will taste them at high sun tomorrow, in this clearing. Let whoever makes the best use of their ingredients, in my experienced and discerning opinion, win the right to reside in the Greenlanes without further molestation. After all, those closest to the land should know how best to refine what it offers. Agreed?”

The combative pair locked appraising eyes, then whispered together a single word: “Agreed.”

* * *

Came the morrow, two walls of living sound embraced the clearing – earthy pipes on one side and ethereal strings on the other, accompanied by tune-appropriate though wordless voices. No musicians could be glimpsed within the all-surrounding trees, but their twinned musics waxed and waned; now in harmony, now in discord.

Prosatio Silban sat at a broad wooden table in the clearing’s exact center, and the two representatives emerged from opposite points of its oak-rimmed periphery. They were clad as before, but in more somber colors, and each bore a covered platter. A simple grey-and-green cloth concealed the Xai offering, with that of the Treeborn hidden under a gleaming silver dome.

The cook arose, and bowed to each in turn. “I am grateful for the confidence and trust with which you have invested me and my pending judgment,” he said. “Please place your dishes on the table.”

“Wait!” interjected the Xai envoy. “Whose is tasted first?”

“As your countryman was the first to attack me,” replied Prosatio Silban, “I shall begin with your opponent. Now please – place your dishes.”

They did so, with just-audible grumbling from the Xai, and the cook sat down again. He lifted the dome to reveal a generous quantity of sliced targum-haunch, nestled by assorted chopped fruits from which sweet-smelling steam arose. Prosatio Silban sniffed, smiled, and tucked in, emitting small sounds of interested pleasure.

After tasting the Treeborn’s fare, the cook next removed the Xai’s cloth, disclosing smoke-fragrant breast of flightless phoenix-duck surrounded by black peaches whose stones had been removed. Prosatio Silban sniffed and smiled once more, then began to eat with gusto.

At last he pushed away both plates, wiped his mouth, burped softly into his napkin, and closed his eyes; as if on cue, the dueling musics faded into silence. After a long moment, during which the envoys tried not to look anxious, Prosatio Silban opened his eyes and adopted an expression whose gravity matched the occasion.

“I have made my ruling,” he said. “First, though, I wish to express my appreciation and compliments to your respective chefs. They have done themselves proud by their labor and invention, and are to be congratulated. I am privileged to have eaten from your cuisines.

“Second, I know it has not been easy for either of you to make even a temporary peace and to trust in my judgment. I am an outsider among your two peoples, and for you to have placed in me your faith is no small matter. Sometimes an outsider can see things with greater depth than can one caught in a conflict.

“And now, my decision,” he said, and stood. “Both dishes had distinctive good points, and embodied different but important principles. For the Treeborn, it was their complexity; for the Xai, it was simplicity.

“Thus, I am happy to declare as follows.”

The Xai fidgeted. The Treeborn held her breath.

“My judgment is this: You will return to your own realms, to live where you have long done since before your introductory squabble, and stay out of each other’s reach for the next century less a decade.”

“What!” exclaimed the Xai.

“Why?” cried the Treeborn.

“Because,” replied Prosatio Silban, mounting to the driver’s bench, “by that time I shall be dead, and the subsequent deciding will then fall to someone else – someone with perhaps greater sympathy for your otherwise unending cause. Meanwhile, by Angrim’s stark fist! you both can leave me alone. And for that, I will thank you most sincerely.” So saying, he grasped the plaited yak-hair reins and gentled his dray-beast forward.

Few love to be at war, he thought. But I suppose there are always exceptions.




Friend’s Favor
In which Our Hero helps a young man with hidden talents.


“HIS NAME IS FIRENZO OOBAHR,” Firenzo Ebli said. “And he needs to find himself. Please – let it be in your employ.”

Prosatio Silban put on his most polite face. “I am honored that you thought of me, but I am not certain that I am the one to help your son,” he said. “I have always worked alone, and to be frank, there is little room in my galleywagon for more than one cook. I am afraid that we would get in each other’s way – the more so, since he won’t know what he or I am doing.”

“Then he could learn a lot from you just by observation. I implore you to consider this. Do not make me beg.”

The pair were conferring outside the cook’s galleywagon, parked today in cosmopolitan Soharis’ sprawling-yet-congested dockside marketplace. They were old friends – to be more accurate, longtime professional acquaintances – and Prosatio Silban had watched Firenzo Oobahr from afar as the lad grew from a gangling adolescent into an awkward young adult.

“You need not beg,” he said, and sighed. “I will do this only for you – and only for a week.”

“Thank you,” Firenzo Ebli said. “You will have no regrets over this. And who knows? You may even learn something.”

* * *

I am learning to regret this, Prosatio Silban thought. Into how much more trouble can this young man stumble?

Their initial meeting hadn’t gone well. Firenzo Oobahr, tall and uncertain, appeared at the galleywagon after his promised arrival; in fact, when the cook-errant was battling a frenetic morning rush.

“Sorry,” the young man said, and not for the last time. “Let me help you with that!”

He grabbed the laden tray from Prosatio Silban’s hands, sliding three delicately balanced breakfasts onto the table-and-chairs occupied by a trio of waiting customers. Had the plates landed there, no harm would have been done; however, their trajectories terminated in the patrons’ laps. Loud protests followed, as did three abrupt exits accompanied by disavowals of future patronage.

“Sorry,” Firenzo Oobahr said.

He said it again when he broke Prosatio Silban’s coin jar, when he dropped a platter of jaraanga beans on the cook-errant’s instep, on knocking over a carafe of hot yava, and twice after spilling an order of dumplings and gravy on a woman’s expensive sarong.

And this was all before lunch.

Prosatio Silban, a patient man by nature, also had his limits. What am I to do? he thought. I will run out of either crockery or equanimity before this day is done!

“Firenzo Oobahr,” he said with detached calm after the final grumbling customer had left. “Come. Let us speak together.”

“Sorry,” the young man said. “Sorry. I seem to be making a mess of things. Sorry.”

“On that we can agree,” Prosatio Silban said. “I applaud your wanting to help, but you might do better to watch how I do what I do, without trying to assist. How does that sound?”

“I don’t want to sit here like a frog on a log,” Firenzo Oobahr objected. “I want to do something. That’s all I want to do with my life – something. But I don’t know what!”

“It is important for a man to be and feel useful. In all honesty, you first need to see if what I do is what you want to do. You mean well, and I will not judge you lazy if you take your ease while I work. Pay attention. Observe. Contemplate. Give yourself the chance to make an informed decision.”

Firenzo Oobahr brightened. “I’ll do it your way!” he declared. He stuck out his hand, and although he meant it to be shaken, he presented it with enough force to strike the cook’s belly. As Prosatio Silban doubled over in pain, he thought, O Muraki, Goddess of Restrained Impatience, dispense to me of your sacred and treasured bounty. Because I really, really need it.

* * *

Three days of Firenzo Oobahr’s attentive scrutiny had passed in relative quiet, save for the occasional, small, and in retrospect almost preventable, disaster. At this point, Prosatio Silban was ready to expel his mishap-prone observer, fatherly friendship or no.

The young man watched as Prosatio Silban boiled wheat-threads for a lunch party of six, 
ladled some of the noodle-water into a ceramic cup, then lifted the bubbling pot from the stove, intending to pour its roiling contents through a colander.

Then he sneezed. Twice. Mightily.

Prosatio Silban lost his grip, tried to regain it, and plunged his hand into the scalding water. He shrieked and the pot clattered to the floor, splashing water and scattering wheat-threads all over the cook’s legs. He shrieked again.

Quick as a thought, Firenzo Oobahr grabbed Prosatio Silban under the shoulders and dragged him away from the steaming puddle. He retrieved from the coldbox a large jug of cow’s milk, removed his tunic, and tore the garment into rags which he soaked in the cooling liquid. These he applied to the cook’s angry red flesh, accompanied by soothing murmurs, then raised his voice in urgency.

“Help! Someone! Please help!” he called through the door. A moment later, one of the customers peered in, jaw agape.

“By the All-Mother!” she exclaimed. “What’s happened here?”

“There’s been an accident,” Firenzo Oobahr told her with matter-of-fact composure. “This man has been burned by boiling water. Please – fetch one of the marketplace Sacreants at once.”

The customer vanished. Heartbeats passed, during which Firenzo Oobahr swapped the milk compresses for gentle and generous smears of rose-honey from Prosatio Silban’s pantry. Meanwhile, the cook’s breathing slowed and became less labored. His eyes, which had been shut tight with pain, opened and cast a grateful look at his benefactor.

“How did you learn to treat burns so well?” he asked through gritted teeth.

Firenzo Oobahr blushed. “As you can imagine, I have had my own share of, well, home accidents,” he admitted. “Some of them have even ... ah, the Sacreant.”

“Been messing about with hot water, have we?” the rainbow-robed holywoman asked, kneeling. “Let me see.”

She took brisk stock of the scene, noting Prosatio Silban’s injuries as well as Firenzo Oobahr’s ministrations. “This isn’t so bad as it could have been. You won’t even need a healing-prayer. Are you comfortable?”

“I am now,” the cook replied. “For which I am much obliged.”

The Sacreant rose and turned to Firenzo Oobahr. “Did you treat him?”

“Yes,” he said. “I did what I thought was necessary.”

“And he did it well,” Prosatio Silban put in. 

The Sacreant nodded. “He did do it well,” she said. “That took quick thinking, resourcefulness, and a certain measure of proficiency.”

“Thank you,” the young man said, looking at his sandals.

She caught and held his eyes for a moment, considering, and when she finally spoke, it was with decision. “This is a complex marketplace, containing many hazards,” she said. “Every day, someone requires the healing arts. Your talents could supplement our own. We cannot admit you to the Sacreanthood – you are too old for that – but we can offer you careful instruction, and if you are competent, a position of some responsibility. Think of it ... as an opening.”

Firenzo Oobahr swiveled his head from the Sacreant to Prosatio Silban, then broke into a broad grin. “An opening is all I want,” he said.

Prosatio Silban returned his grin. “An opening,” he added, “is all you need.”




Indicator


“HOW CAN YOU TELL FROM a single dish whether or not the cook is adept?” a customer once asked Prosatio Silban.

“Simplicity in the complex, and complexity in the simple,” came the cook-errant’s swift reply.

His customer creased her brow. “Say more about that, if you please?”

“Gladly,” he said. “There are some dishes, such as omelets, which appear easy. After all, what could be so hard about scrambling and cooking a couple of fidget-hen eggs? But to do it right requires a certain measure of skill and patience. Similarly, as in the fiery-and-acerbic soup beloved of distant M’zir, a tell-tale dish may combine many disparate elements without any one overpowering its bowl-mates. I suppose the latter could also be said about the good life – uncomplicated, everything in balance, with the whole greater than the sum of its parts. The secret to both, of course, is in the flavoring.”




Dining Companion
In which Our Hero attempts to change hungry minds.


ONE MAN’S FRIEND IS ANOTHER man’s meal – or so Prosatio Silban discovered on an ill-starred expedition to nowhere.

The cook had made enough recent coin catering to Pormaris’ wealthy that he could let his dray-beast, Onward, choose their course for a time. They had begun with keen anticipation as they trekked northwest from the City of Gourmands to Hole-in-the-Air, a village marking the border between the Uulian Commonwell and its adjacent part of the Exilic Lands. I have always been curious as to what lay in this direction, Prosatio Silban thought as he surveyed an undulant line of distant hills. Does anyone live here? We’ll have to find out!

The galleywagon’s chest-high wheels made easy work of the landscape’s short and bunchy redgrass – the only flora within eyeshot, save an occasional lofty stand of yellow pillar-trees. As one blithe, fine-weather day wore into the next, the beefy cook idly contemplated how much free rein he should allow his buopoth. Perhaps tomorrow we shall turn back, he thought. On the other hand ... perhaps not.

At sunset of the fifth (or was it sixth?) day, the pair found themselves in a grass-tufted hollow bisected by a narrow but musical stream. Prosatio Silban tugged on the plaited yak-hair reins, bringing Onward to an obedient halt. “This looks about as good as any other blessed place,” the cook told him. “Here is where we shall spend the night-hours.”

He stood up from the driver’s bench, stretched a stiff back and stiffer legs, then stepped down to the loamy earth. From under the bench he produced a jute sack, which he opened to reveal a number of greasy maroon fatberry-cakes. On scenting his customary fodder, Onward gave a happy rattling hoot. Prosatio Silban unharnessed his animal, told it what a good buopoth it was, and the immediate area was soon filled with the sound of enthusiastic munching.

“How much do you want for this buopoth?” came a soft sibilance from behind the startled cook.

A squat, jovial-seeming man with black hair, blue eyes, and skin the color and texture of manzanita bark was looking up at Prosatio Silban. He was dressed in a calf-length leather poncho, but something about the man’s build and proportions seemed odd. The cook narrowed his eyes to disapproving slits and colored his voice to match.

“He is not for sale at any price,” the cook said.

“You do not yet know my offer.”

“It does not matter. He is my companion as well as my locomotor. Even if I wished to sell him, which I do not, such a transaction would leave me stranded far from my lands and people.”

“You are certain?”

“Never more so in my life.”

The man smiled with an over-large mouth. “A pity. Well, then. I will take my leave of you.”

With that, the mysterious stranger retreated into the gathering twilight. Who was that? Prosatio Silban thought. But I suppose it is too late for questions. Not, I think, that I would understand, or even welcome, any answers.

* * *

In his galleywagon’s sleeping berth, Prosatio Silban wrestled with uneasy dreams before awakening with a shout. He sat up, gasping for breath.

Not much chance of sleeping again right away, he thought. A middle-of-night snack would not go amiss.

The cook shrugged into a long blue cotton robe and padded barefoot across the ornate braided rug. He opened the galleywagon’s upper door, eager to see his dray-beast’s great chatoyant bulk snoozing in the moons-light.

Only empty darkness met his eyes.

His stomach tying itself into cold knots, Prosatio Silban unlatched the door’s lower half and strode out into the night. Aside from the stream’s gurgle, and the low buzzing of wakeful insects, he was alone.

“Onward? Onward!” he called. Receiving no reply, he descended the galleywagon’s three steps.

Still no trace of anything. Or was there?

The cook knelt. The moons-light revealed faint but unmistakable marks in the redgrass carpet, leading away to the stream. I’d better accouter myself appropriately, he thought. This might take a bit of doing.

A moment later, dressed in black tunic and kneebreeches and gripping a stout cudgel, Prosatio Silban followed the marks across the stream to a wide scattering of waist-high blue-and-black boulders. He had threaded among them an uncertain passage for some distance, when a plaintive bellowing quickened his pace, set his jaw, and made him clutch the cudgel with fierce intent. By Diello, Goddess of In-Time Deliverance! he thought. Onward! Where are you? And what’s happening?

The bellowing grew closer, and all at once he broke upon a fearful scene. Surrounded by a crowd of squat figures was Onward, lashed heels over head with a glowing red cord to a sturdy wooden tripod towering over his captors. On a large flat rock was a neat assemblage of slaughtering and culinary implements – knives, bowls, skewers, skillet, cauldron, salt- and spice-bowls and the like – on a scale matching that of the buopoth’s abductors, three of whom were stoking various cookers and smokers. Blood boiling, the cook burst from the encircling boulders.

“Stop this immediately!” he cried. “How dare you?”

The figures turned and regarded Prosatio Silban without curiosity. “There is no ‘dare’ involved at all,” one said. “We must eat to live, and that need justifies our actions. We’ve not tasted buopoth for some time, and one this size will satisfy our burrow-village for weeks. Skewered, pan-fried, stewed, roasted, smoked – its shapeshiftery gives up a variety of flavors, all delicious.”

“But he is a sentient being, not to mention my sole means of transportation!” the cook replied with vehemence, and raised the cudgel for emphasis. “I must demand his release.”

The diminutive folk searched each other’s faces. “What can you provide in its place?” one said at last.

Prosatio Silban spoke in measured tones. “If I can present you with an appetizing and sustaining alternative, will you return him to my care?”

The figures again considered each other in silence. “Done,” said their spokesman. “But it must be good, as our mouths and palates are set for buopoth-meat. Meanwhile, he will remain magik-bound – we do not trust him to shapeshift you both away from here.”

“Allow me a momentary colloquy with my gods,” Prosatio Silban said, and closed his eyes. “O Scofi, Provider of Culinarian Inspiration; Hartiz, Protectress of Companion Beasts; and Penteget, Goddess of Righteous Desperation,” he prayed in an almost-audible voice. “I thank You for Your many benevolences over the years of my devotion to You. Please guide me in the way I need to go, in order that one of Your many beloved creatures may live and be well. Help me to help You save him. In return, I will accept Your judgment – whatever it is – with gratitude and equanimity, and continue to publish Your kindnesses wherever and whenever I encounter the opportunity. This I affirm.”

As he expected, no palpable or obvious response was forthcoming. The cook sighed with mild disappointment. Just then his eye fell on a nearby thicket of unfamiliar trees. From their meshed overhead branches dangled bunches of purple, honeydew-sized fruit. He reached for the lowest-hanging one, plucked it with ease, and split it open with his folding knife. The flesh was dense and springy, and its rich aroma hinted more of savor than sweetness. “What is this?” he asked.

“It is called ‘maladrio,’” one of the folk said. “We do not eat it, as neither its harvesting nor its taste are to our liking.”

“Perhaps you have not had it correctly prepared,” Prosatio Silban replied. “To do so, I will need a bit of time, and a bit likewise of your patience ...”

* * *

Prosatio Silban rubbed his eyes, stretched his arms, and greeted the dawn. The long night had worn by with speed due to his many labors, and he was at last ready for their presentation. These people may reject everything out of hand, he thought with disquiet. And then where will we be? At least I know I have done my best. Please, O Scofi – let it be good enough.

With that brief prayer, he spread his arms in invitation. “Good my hosts,” he said, “prepare to be moved in both heart and palate.”

The small folk were seated around makeshift tables laden with what Prosatio Silban called “maladrio five ways.” The first variation consisted of skewered chunks of marinated fruit-flesh alternating with diced sailor’s cap mushrooms, shallots, and tomatoes. Next came a pan-fried “filet,” done with morels and plated atop mashed turnips. Third up was a bubbling cauldron of stew containing seared maladrio with potatoes, gold carrots, celery, onions, and jaraanga beans, all from the village garden and accompanied by fresh-baked olive-bread. A steaming oven-roast served as fourth course, followed by a similar maladrio bulk which had occupied the smoker for most of the night.

Prosatio Silban tried not to look at and fret over the still-bound and suspended Onward, who – thank Hartiz! – had remained silent throughout the cooking and judging, eyes fixed on his human comrade. The squat villagers were likewise quiet, tasting each dish with nary a smile, sigh, or moan of pleasure. In fact, they were so quiet that the cook steeled himself for what he feared their verdict would be.

Finally, the last morsel was chewed and swallowed, and the last bit of sauce sopped up with the last bite of bread. The villagers gazed into each other’s faces, then at the cook. 

“We have feasted tonight on strange fare,” said the spokesman. “It is fare that grows abundantly, but one that we never deigned to try. Quite frankly, the thought of it was repellent to dedicated carnivores such as ourselves.”

Here it comes, Prosatio Silban thought.

“Loath though we are to say, your victuals are wonderful. We will return your companion to you on one condition, and one only.”

“Yes?”

“That you teach us the fruit’s harvesting and preparation. But when next you pass this way ...”

“You need not worry about that,” Prosatio Silban said, eyeing with cold ire the two folk who moved to release Onward. “One visit has been quite enough. But if next I pass this way ... believe me. You’ll have cause to remember it.”




Senseless Struggle
In which Our Hero must rid himself of a debilitating malady.


AND THEN CAME ONE OF those days which every culinarian dreads.

“Master Cook? Master Cook!” called a well-dressed old man. He was sitting at one of the two tables-and-chairs Prosatio Silban had set up in the lee of his galleywagon, in the unassuming village marketplace of Boggy, not far upriver from many-harbored Soharis. The morning was bright with sunlight and promise, and the cook-errant fixed a professional expression on his face as he hurried over.

“Yes, sir?” he asked with practiced courtesy.

“This meal,” the man said with a frown. “It is unacceptable. Please bring me another.”

The Cook For Any Price regarded the plate of fried mudfish and fidget-hen eggs with chopped tomato-and-pepper relish. Everything looked copacetic, but he lived by the rule of the patron being always in the right.

“I am so sorry, sir. What is the matter with it?”

“This fish has turned. It is rancid and repugnant. Just smell it!”

Prosatio Silban raised the laden dish and took an experimental sniff. He was about to utter a variation of I-shall-happily-bring-you-another, when he realized he couldn’t smell anything – anything at all.

He sniffed again, this time in earnest.

Still nothing.

Hiding his sudden consternation behind a deep bow and sincere apology, he carried the offending dish up the galleywagon steps and inside.

His second clue that something was amiss came when he tried to taste his customer’s serving. The relish was famed for its bold and spicy tang. But nothing of that sort, agreeable or otherwise, presented itself to his inquiring palate. No flavor whatsoever.

I am a painter gone blind, he thought with sudden hair-risen horror, or a newly deaf musician. What now? And – how shall I make a living if I can’t judge my own artistry?

* * *

The handpicked makara-herbs were reeky, and their milky infusion beyond foul, but thanks to Prosatio Silban’s condition, the viscous grey brew was easier to swallow.

One advantage of this disability: I can take the bitterest medicine with no ill effect, he thought. The question is – will it have any effect?

He sighed and put the steaming mug on his oaken preparation-counter. The herbal decoction had been his final attempt at a cure. He had, firstly, made abrupt apologies and refunded his customer, then stowed his tables-and-chairs; following which, he prayed with fervor to Arincenea, Patroness of Desperate Medicaments, and even made Her an offering at the local shrine. Then he had visited Boggy’s well-recommended healer, who examined him with care for a quarter-hour before pronouncing herself baffled. “I have never seen a case like yours, but makara-herbs are a sovereign remedy for many ailments,” she said with a perplexed headshake. “You have my sympathies.”

I need more than sympathy and a useless ‘sovereign remedy,’ he thought. I can’t decide which is worse – the loss of my essential senses, or the associated blue temper. What shall I do? O Manch’nage, God of Frantic and Final Resorts, what shall I do?

He closed his eyes and grasped the bridge of his nose between thumb and forefinger. Phosphenes danced behind his eyelids, then coalesced into a human form: a familiar woman, ancient of days, swathed from neck to foot in maroon silk.

Of course! he thought with a tentative smile. I’ll harness my dray-beast and set off immediately.

* * *

“So you see,” Prosatio Silban said, “I am at the rope’s end. I have tried everything I can think of. And you are the last thing of which I can think. Please. Help me.”

He was sitting in a chameleon-leather chair set at right-angles to an ember-filled fireplace, within a curious room hung with peculiar tapestries. The crone, facing him in the chair’s mate, had been listening with eyes closed; one hand stroked an appreciative one-eyed tabby.

“I have good and less-good words for you,” she said, and opened her eyes. “The good – I can help you. The less-good – you will have to help me help you.”

“Whatever you ask, that I shall do,” the cook said. “I am too old to learn a new and different trade requiring new and different skills. How can we begin? And when?”

“With haste, and immediately,” the crone said. She lifted the cat from her lap, set it on the ornately woven carpet, arose from her chair, and strode over to one of the five-sided room’s towering bookcases. Murmuring to herself, she ran a finger across the spines of several dusty tomes before tapping one and extracting it from between its shelf-mates. She opened the volume and leafed through it, mumbling, and halted at one of its many dog-eared pages.

“Ah!” she exclaimed. “‘Harduin’s Restorative – for the most dire of sensory deprivations.’ Let me see: ‘ritual words’ this ... ‘arcane gestures’ that ... ‘somatic components’ thus and such. Well. This certainly looks like the beast we’re chasing. Here is what you must do ...”

* * *

The great and grassy waste east of the Uulian Commonwell was heat-oppressive at this time of year, but a shapeshifting dray-beast which could fan its driver with one enormous ear was a welcome asset.

“The root is called ‘opearal,’” the crone had said. “It will be found beneath a certain tree which grows only in the depths of the Emerald Incessance. You must not eat of its fruit – it is noisome and malodorous. When you find it, you will know.”

What could she have meant by that? Prosatio Silban wondered, and shrugged. It’s not as though trees are easy to come by, here among the thick bladegrass. I suppose the grass draws the growth-virtue out of the soil, retarding the development of any other ... oho.

He gaped, and tugged on Onward’s plaited yak-hair reins to halt the galleywagon. Before him stood a tree the likes of which he had never seen in all his far-ranging travels: massive dark-green trunk, gangling branches, with abundant indigo fruit about the size and rough shape of a seal’s head. Whatever roots it had were obscured beneath the ubiquitous grass.

“Well, Onward,” the cook said to his dray-beast. “It seems we’ve arrived.”

He stepped down from the driver’s bench and onto the springy soil, then deployed from under the galleywagon a short, narrow shovel. ‘Tis a bit of a pity that I can’t smell my surroundings, he thought. As reputedly disagreeable is this fruit, the Incessance itself is wonderfully aromatic at this season, and I –

“Halt, outlander,” interrupted a sharp voice from behind him. He turned. Two large, oafish men, dressed in the faded tunics and patched kneebreeches appropriate to the misfortunate Uulian underclasses, were approaching. They were armed with stout cudgels and measured him with inimical eyes.

“Who are you?” asked Prosatio Silban.

“We’re the ones taking what you’ve got in your wagon,” said the man who had spoken. They both sneered as they lunged forward.

Before they could reach the startled cook, Onward shot forth a pair of tentacles, grabbed a couple of the low-hanging fruit, and hurled them at the would-be robbers. The fruit hit them square in the chest and burst on impact; the dastards dropped their weapons and, with loud choking and cries of dismay, fled.

Prosatio Silban watched them go with muted glee. “Well done, boy,” he said, and patted what passed for the great dray-beast’s flank. Whistling, he hefted the shovel and set to work.

* * *

How do I get myself into these situations? the cook wondered, clutching an obsidian precipice.

The Blacktooth Mountains were well-named: a jagged, miles-long black mass, thrust up like broken fangs, marking the Emerald Incessance’ eastern border. Myth (or was it legend?) held that the dark crags were the result of a divine disagreement; it was whispered that one of the pre-Uulian gods, displeased with its companions or colleagues, had unleashed fiery wrath on the landscape, with igneous results.

The crone had ordered Prosatio Silban to retrieve a hand-sized chunk of volcanic glass from any of the taller summits. Thus he found himself near the top of a forbidding peak, trying not to look down. The mountain’s otherwise smooth surface was pocked with opportune irregularities, making climbing surprisingly easy – at least, up to a point. Closer to the top, that surface was more slick and less forgiving.

Does the fragment really have to be from the summit? Prosatio Silban asked himself. If I could get away with whatever I can reach ... oh, damn my inconvenient ethics! I’ll just have to keep going.

He gripped the rock-face as best he could with cramped and sore hands, and forced his tired feet to take hold wherever possible. Inch by precarious inch he climbed until he reached a likely place to chip away a sample of obsidian. He lowered one hand to his belt, withdrew the hammer he had earlier stowed there, raised the tool overhead, and struck.

A loud and piercing scream echoed in Prosatio Silban’s ears. He dropped the hammer, and almost lost both his wits as well as his montane grip.

“Why did you do that?” bellowed a harsh and somewhat flinty voice.

Prosatio Silban replied by reflex. “I beg your pardon?”
 
“Why did you strike me? I have done nothing to you.”

The cook thought for a moment. “My most humble apologies,” he said at last. “I did not mean to harm you. I am engaged in a quest.”

“And that gives you leave to pound away at me like a common ruffian? Have you never before heard the expression, ‘living rock?’”

“I have, but I thought it a mere poeticism.”

“Well, now you know better. What is this ‘quest’ of yours?”

With broad strokes, Prosatio Silban sketched a verbal picture of his current malaise and the crone’s proposed cure. “So you see,” he finished, “I was sent here a-purpose. Believe me – I would much rather be elsewhere. But what am I to do? A cook with no olfactory or gustatory sense is no cook at all, or a poor one at best. And at my age, the alternative trades are none too welcoming.”

It was the mountain’s turn to pause. “I can understand your difficulty,” it said. “May I propose a possible solution?”

“By all means.”

“There is a process known as ‘erosion.’ Do you know the term?”

“I do.”

“What you may not know is that, to us mountains, the process is a welcome one. When the inevitable happens, and parts of us weather away, we experience a mild feeling of liberation. It is quite pleasant and, I imagine, not unlike a snake’s sloughing off its old skin.”

“I had no idea!”

“Most small, quick forms do not; it is their clueless curse to be trapped into the narrowest definition of ‘living.’ To the point: our discarded rock does not tumble all at once from summit to base; rather, it collects here and there on the occasional ledge. I can direct you to the resting-place of its most recent accumulation. Would that be satisfactory?”

Prosatio Silban smiled. “It would,” he said. “And I am more than grateful to you. However, I cannot help feeling as though I may have climbed all this way for naught.”

“Not at all,” the mountain said. “You have acquired your objective and learned something about the world – and also, made a new friend.”

* * *

No one knows for certain why the Azure Void is cloaked in the perpetual twilight for which it is named, or even how that natural feature was created. Thus, despite its sparse and commercially desirable flora and fauna, the vast flat-floored crater at the Commonwell’s southwest edge was shunned by most of the Uulian general public as well as by the many indigenes of the surrounding Exilic Lands.

Prosatio Silban swabbed the sweat from his hairless brow and continued waiting. He was alone; Onward had shied away from the Void as they approached, so the cook had alighted at some remove to carry an quick-built but sturdy cage on one shoulder. His final assignment was to capture alive a certain creature and fetch it to the crone’s lavish hovel. “You will have to keep it fed,” she had said with a grimace. The cook shivered at the prospect; nevertheless, he persisted in his vigil.

Does true night ever fall in the Void? Prosatio Silban asked himself. Or does the light remain as blue as it is now? Perhaps I shall find out.

He shifted squat-stiffened legs and ignored his increasing hunger. For most of a day he had been waiting near the trap, with so far nothing to show for it but an empty, growling belly. I should have brought some provisions, he thought. But who knew how long I’d be down here?

Then came the scuttling.

Prosatio Silban froze, stilling his breath in mid-sigh. The noise, from somewhere off to his left, drew closer. He risked a sidewise look, and almost gasped.

It was a thing out of nightmare: a riot of glittering eyes, flailing tentacles, snapping claws, and jointed legs. With every ounce of his resolve, the cook resisted the urge to shriek as it crawled over his foot and toward the trap – a simple spring-cage with a drawstring trigger, baited with a moist red square of gauze. The monster paused at the trap’s rim, twitching its eyestalks in all directions.

Come on ... closer ..
 
Satisfied by what it saw, the creature dragged its obscene body into the trap, save for a few exploratory tentacles.

... closer still ...

The tentacles caressed the trap’s open bottom, but only for a moment. Prosatio Silban forced himself not to look away.

Please, O Bohoran, Giver of Unfelt Might, share with me Your bountiful and blessed strength ...

The writhing mass was now entirely beneath the suspended cage. The cook twitched trigger-clutching fingers, and the trap dropped with a satisfying click.
 
Got you!

The Thing twisted round and round its small prison, chattering with a sound irreproducible in human speech or writing. Seeing Prosatio Silban, it reared up and tried to transfix him with a look of brooding hate, but the cook averted his eyes. “Whatever you do, do not meet its gaze,” the crone had said, “for in that, you will meet your death.”

The cage-floor was locked tight, making it a simple matter for the cook to lift his quarry. Carrying it was less than simple, however. He couldn’t balance it on his shoulder as he had earlier, but had to hold it in front of him, so the Thing couldn’t pierce him with a vengeful claw. With much effort and puffing, he managed to trudge up the switchback path to the Void’s rim.

Onward isn’t going to like this at all, he thought as the galleywagon loomed in the near distance. I suppose I can sling the trap under the galleywagon’s aft end; that should put it far enough away for my companion’s comfort. I’ll have to feed this horror before we leave ... and I am not looking forward to that.

Prosatio Silban lashed the trap to his vehicle’s undercarriage, then clenched his left hand into a tight fist. With his right hand, he unsheathed a sharp stiletto, then grimaced as he drew the blade’s edge across the fist’s scarred and bulging thumb-mound. He blotted the wound with a clean square of white gauze and dropped the gory dressing into the cage.

The Thing regarded the crimson cloth, extended a pair of wriggling mouth-tentacles, and sucked the bandage into its slavering and fanged orifice. Prosatio Silban tried not to retch. 

I can’t leave here soon enough, he thought. I hope my will holds out – not to mention my blood.

* * *

Soft chanting and pungent incense-smoke greeted Prosatio Silban as he opened his eyes. He sat up on the crone’s low divan; she ceased chanting, and proffered a steaming ceramic mug.

“Yava?” she asked.

“Please.” The cook took the mug, inhaled the beverage’s minty aroma, sipped, and savored its bittersweet bite. With a grateful smile, he added, “And ... thank you.”




Leg Up
In which Our Hero helps a friend help himself.


THE NAME “EVERFAIRE” DESCRIBED THE village perfectly. It was a centuried and perpetual trading-center on the border dividing the lands and villages of epicurean Pormaris from those administered by cosmopolitan Soharis, and its shops, inns, and taverns never closed. Some said that dark deals were struck in the dead of night by mad scriveners, insomniac alchemists, braggart thieves, and others of dodgy but useful talents.

Daytime was a different matter, by degree rather than kind. The sprawling settlement roared with the sound of happy and fervent commerce, as sellers and buyers engaged in their ancient and eternal game. Harsh-voiced hawkers offered samples of their patrons’ wares to enthusiastic passersby; shoppers and shopkeepers haggled with loud abandon to each obtain the best possible advantage over the other; the air was thick with the musky scent of draft-animals, the metallic tang of diverse smiths’ work, and the smoky aromas of assorted cooking-fires. And where else could one expect to find Prosatio Silban but welcoming all comers to his famous galleywagon with the promise of a satisfying meal?

The Cook For Any Price hummed a tuneless but joyful melody as he carried a hot plate of lizard-steak and grilled beets to a local pea-farmer sitting at one of the two tables-and-chairs, beamed reassurance at the well-dressed woman waiting for a light and still-to-be-cooked omelet, took an order from a man wearing the weather-stained garb of a courier, and continued his musical improvisation. His melody was new to the moment, but with lyrics as old as the village itself: 

“We are here in Everfaire,
And something’s always in the air.
You cannot find it otherwhere
Do not try – you will despair.”

Prosatio Silban danced up the galleywagon steps.  A lighthearted song for a lighthearted day, he thought. Once inside, he caught his breath and exhaled a chuckle. Now let me see about that omelet ...

When the eggs were done, the cook plated them, added chopped greens and braised giant’s-thumb mushrooms, loaded it all onto a bamboo tray, then skipped outside and back down the steps. “I apologize for the wait,” he told the woman as he set the tray before her. “But here you are. May it bring you much enjoyment.” He turned to glance at the busy street and exclaimed with surprised delight.

“Saucemaker!” he cried. “I never expected to see you so far from your own lands. With what may I please you?”

The subject of his greeting was half as tall as the beefy cook and almost as thickset. He had deep green eyes and hair, skin the color and texture of chestnut bark, and his wide grin rivaled the sun in its splendor. “We are indeed some distance from Pastori,” he said, “but as the Greens-Poet writes, ‘The road to a friend’s home is never long.’”

“What brings you here?” Prosatio Silban asked.

“You do,” Saucemaker replied. “I have an accomplishment in mind, and I need your help.”

“Anything you ask, I shall try to accede.”

“Good! To the point, then: I should like to enter your field of endeavor – right here in Everfaire.”

* * *

That evening, after Prosatio Silban had stowed beneath the galleywagon his painted menu-board and collapsible furniture, he welcomed his visitor inside to expound the latter’s proposal over a mint-fragrant cup of yava.

“First of all, I do not wish to displace you,” said Saucemaker, who was called by no formal name within his own country and only a functional one without. He gazed into his steaming mug. “You admirably acquit the office of itinerant cook, and this world does not need another.”

“That is gratifying to hear,” said his host. “What, then, do you intend?”

Saucemaker raised his eyes to meet his friend’s. “You know that my people have no rivals when it comes to preparing simple, rustic fare in an economical and long-traditional way,” he said. “That is why we find such ready employment among your more affluent population as house-chefs and brewers. I would like to bring those preparations before the public. And, with hope, earn some coin.”

Prosatio Silban was silent for many heartbeats. “What you are asking is difficult,” he said at last. “Perhaps ‘challenging’ is a better word. There no guarantees in this business, only a great deal of hard work and many sleep-chasing nights. But it is rewarding, in many ways, to make people happy with food and its consequent pleasantries. How, specifically, were you planning to realize your ambition?”

“My first thought was to open a small restaurant in Pormaris itself,” his guest replied. “But it is very expensive there. Likewise Soharis, which in addition is too distant from the lands of my home. Then I thought of Everfaire – bustling, eclectic Everfaire – as the perfect location for a small restaurant, or even a modest cooking-stall. Travelers and traders visit and transact here from everywhere in the known world. They will make a perfect captive audience for the storied cuisine and ales of the Pastori.”

“Well, you will certainly have novelty on your side,” said the cook-errant. “So far as I know, none of your people have ever embarked on a similar course. But I can only be of tangential help to you, I am afraid. I know next to little about running a restaurant, or even a food-stall, with their attendant predictions and frequent, dynamic contingencies. That sort of mercantile magik is too daunting for someone like me, who cooks almost all meals to order according to the season. I will, however, tell you all I know of cooking for a price.”

An enigmatic expression crossed Saucemaker’s face. “I did not expect you to offer me gratuitous advice,” he said with a somewhat injured tone. “But I also didn’t expect you to raise the issue.”

“Please!” Prosatio Silban said, raising a placating hand. “Don’t misunderstand me. I didn’t mean that I would help you for a price. I meant that the art of separating customers from their coin is its own unique beast – quite different from cooking for friends or family. As for any fee, our relationship has for years been of a warm and fruitful nature. Consider my advice a gift to a longtime and treasured friend.”

“Thank you, but I must insist otherwise,” Saucemaker said. “The Greens-Poet also tells us, ‘Free advice is worth what one pays for it.’ How does an offer of two in silver, and your choice of five of my sauces, sound to your professional ear?”

“I don’t know that my guidance will be that valuable, but I shall do my best to aid you,” replied the cook. “Let us first see of what use I can be.”

“Excellent! When can we begin?”

Prosatio Silban flashed an assuring smile. “We already have.”

* * *

By Everfaire law and its long application, anyone from anywhere could there set up shop to sell anything – even if the “shop” was a sparse, merchandise-strewn blanket. So, early next morning, the pair began mapping out the stage and auditioning players for Saucemaker’s culinary set-piece.

“To commence an enterprise of this sort, one must cultivate relationships,” Prosatio Silban explained to Saucemaker as they strolled along Everfaire’s main street, passing merchants setting out their goods in anticipation of the custom to come. “But before that, you will need to acquire a physical location – not very difficult in an unwalled village such as this. In fact, that is one reason why Everfaire is larger now than it was, and – may the Flickering Gods so ordain! – smaller than it will become. Ah. This will do.”

They had reached the village’s northern edge, its closest to – but many dayrides’ distant from – the great island-city of Pormaris. On one side of the street was a candlemaker’s booth; facing that was a paper-seller’s kiosk. Both proprietors were wearing looks of cautious interest.

“Good folk!” the cook said. “How do you feel about the smells of grilling, baking, frying, and so forth?”

“Nothing finer,” said the candlemaker with a welcoming grin. “Reminds me of home.”

“Depends on what you’re cooking,” said paper-seller. “Fry-grease could spoil my stock or distract my customers. Baking-heat could do the same, and also prove too hot for their comfort, not to mention mine. And grill-smoke could get in everybody’s eyes.”

Prosatio Silban dropped his voice. “How much would it cost to calm your disquiets?”

The paper-seller smirked. “Depends on what you’re offering.”

“How if we compensated you for any lost commerce or stock, as well as a token monthly offset?”

The smirk deepened. “Make it weekly, and we can call it even.”

They next engaged one of Everfaire’s resident blacksmiths to fashion a fatberry-oil stove, oven, and wood-fired grill; a former ship’s carpenter for constructing the stall proper; a tired-looking trash collector; a jolly fatberry-oil producer; and an easygoing if stoic porter for regular (and miscellaneous) daily errands. All agreed to trade their skills for appropriate fees, and all promised delivery of their products and/or services within a reasonable amount of time.

But they were less successful with the food purveyors. As a frequent client, Prosatio Silban knew them all by name, and a good deal about their families and small interests. Thus, he was taken aback by their singularly reluctant responses to polite introductions and inquiries on his friend’s behalf.

“All of these meats are spoken for,” murmured the butcher, scanning the street.

“As are these vegetables and fruits,” mumbled the greengrocer, plucking at his apron.

“Sorry, no flour today,” muttered the miller, avoiding their eyes.

“We are all out of ... everything,” stammered the dairywoman, shifting from foot to foot.

Despite their unanimous denials, and their evident and ample stores, none explained their behavioral whys or wherefores. The one who came closest to doing so was the spice-handler.

“I cannot tell you why I cannot help you,” she said, looking from side to side. “You, Master Cook, are always welcome in my shop. But your associate is not. That is all I can say.”

As the confused colleagues wandered back to Prosatio Silban’s galleywagon, the cook shook his hairless head. “I don’t understand their conduct,” he said. “For as long as I have known those people, and that is some time, they have been as friendly and welcoming as everyone else in Everfaire. I almost wonder if our Flickering Gods had a hand in the proceedings.”

“They didn’t,” declared a cold voice. “We did.”

A handful of brawny, imposing men in the rough-hewn tunics and kneebreeches of the Uulian underclasses were blocking their way. They glared at the cook-errant and his companion with dead eyes set above mirthless smiles.

“We put the lean on those food-sellers,” said one of the grim-faced party. “And we’ll put the lean on them other tradesfolk too – that carpenter, the blacksmith, all of ‘em.”

“Why do you oppose this man’s humble and honest merchantry?” Prosatio Silban demanded. “He has done nothing to any of you!”

“It ain’t what he done, it’s what he is,” said another dastard. “We don’t like his breed. And we ain’t letting him do anything in our village.”

“That is not your decision to make,” said the cook. “By Everfaire’s oldest decree, no one may be refused a business here. No one.”

“We’re refusing him now,” said a third ruffian. “We don’t want no little brown men around here. Now get you gone. You too, brownie-lover.”

Before Prosatio Silban could stop him, Saucemaker took a step toward the men. “I don’t think so,” he said. “This place is open to everyone. I belong here as much as any of you.”

The men advanced until they stood toe to toe with the target of their prejudice. One of the speakers put a hand on the diminutive Pastori’s head.

“Please,” Saucemaker said. “Don’t.”

“Yeah, brownie?” his antagonist said with an emphatic sneer. “Why not?”

Saucemaker dropped to the ground. As Prosatio Silban opened his mouth to object, his friend swept one leg under both of his adversary’s, toppling him, then leaped high in the air to kick another man full in the chest. The man gasped and collapsed. In less time than it takes to describe, Saucemaker kneed, punched, and elbowed his way through groins, guts, and throats. Soon, all five lay stretched or crumpled in the dusty street, panting and moaning for help or mother.

Prosatio Silban realized that his mouth was still open. He closed it and regarded his friend with incredulous awe. “How did you do that?” he asked.

“It is an acquired and reflexive skill,” Saucemaker said, flicking dust from one shoulder. “Now – let us revisit your purveyors.”




Boundary Crossers
In which Our Hero befriends a troubled indigene.


PROSATIO SILBAN HAD TO LOOK twice before he realized what he was seeing. Why is this Xao woman, he asked himself, dressed as an Uulian?

It was a fair question. The Xao were almost the oldest original residents of the Exilic Lands, whose mythology had prepared them to regard (some would say worship) the late-arrived Uulians as prophesied saviors – who would restore to pristineness their oblivion-shattered realms before sailing back across the Rimless Sea. Although the “saviors” did transform the landscape as foretold, centuries passed without their fulfilling the latter prediction; as a result, some of the indigenes lost faith in their people’s teachings. 

Others had found ways to cope. Including, it seemed, by assimilation.

The beefy cook caught the woman’s eye as she passed his galleywagon. Her muscular bronze form was garbed in a simple earth-toned shift appropriate to the Uulian laboring class, and she bore on her left thumb the plain silver ring denoting an Uulian marriage. She was also one of the few people browsing Daywalk’s ordinarily thriving marketplace. Seeing Prosatio Silban’s smile, she returned one of her own.

“With what may I please you?” Prosatio Silban asked.

“Nothing, thanks,” she said in a thick Xao accent. “Shopping for family’s evening meal, and cannot afford to buy anything already prepared.”

“Let it be my treat,” he told her. “I get so few Xao customers that it would be my true privilege to serve you. How does a hash of red-rind and oal sound to your ears?”

Her smile broadened. “Would be lovely. Name is Tiglat, but married name is Gustio Tiglat.”

“And I am Prosatio Silban, the Cook For Any Price. I shall return in a moment.”

She sat down at one of the two tables-and-chairs, and set down a half-filled marketing-basket as the cook skipped up the galleywagon steps and inside. A short time later, he reappeared, bearing a tray on which was balanced a fragrant and steaming plate of colorful food. He placed the tray before her with an apologetic flourish.

“I am not as well-versed in your people’s cuisine as I would like to be,” Prosatio Silban said. “This village borders the Emerald Incessance, your ancient  homeland, so acquiring ingredients is not a difficulty. The challenge lies in preparing them according to your tradition. I have had to make certain adaptations.”

She reached for a fork, hesitated, then scooped up a lump of the hash with her left hand and popped it in her mouth. The cook did not expect her reaction.

“Ulthar sarkomand,” she said after swallowing, and began to weep.

“My good woman!” Prosatio Silban exclaimed. “Whatever is the matter?”

“No matter,” Tiglat replied, wiping away her tears. She rolled her thumb-ring with the fingers of her right hand, studying the cook’s face. Something in her expression seemed to unlock, and when she next spoke, it was with careful decisiveness.

“In addition to Xao, the Emerald Incessance is also home to a number of Uulians. Through a combination of circumstances, was injured and separated from other Xao. Nursed back to health by an Uulian game-trapper. Circumstances recombined, and when recovered, out of gratitude agreed to become wife. This delicious Xao meal” – she lifted her chin at the plate – “brought back memories from long years. Thanks much for kindness.”

“You are welcome,” Prosatio Silban said. “It is my pleasure to serve and learn about you.”

She considered the plate, then the cook, and her eye-corners crinkled. “Would like to meet family?”

* * *

Like most dwellings in Daywalk – so-called by the village’s distance from epicurean Pormaris – Tiglat’s home was modest: one-storied, thatch-roofed, with an adjoining vegetable garden and goat corral. Two adolescent boys played in the front yard; they ran to greet their mother as she and Prosatio Silban approached.

“Mother! Mother!” cried the older.

“Ib sarnath mnar!” shouted the younger.

The two soundly hugged their parent, and regarded Prosatio Silban with bashful apprehension. The cook smiled down at them.

“This is a new friend,” Tiglat said. “Met in the marketplace. Prosatio Silban, the eldest is B’aran, and the younger, Limni.”

“H’lo,” said B’aran, fidgeting a bit.

“Skai kraa,” said Limni with a curt nod, his eyes locked on Prosatio Silban’s.

“I am very pleased to meet you both,” said the cook-errant.

“Who are you?” asked B’aran.

“I am a cook,” Prosatio Silban said, and the older boy’s face became animated.

“That’s what I want to be when I grow up,” he said with proud emphasis. “Do you live in Pormaris, where all the best cooks are?”

“Sometimes. I travel around the Commonwell, and serve hungry people wherever I go.”

“I wish I could do that,” B’aran said. “I will, too, when I get old enough. Meanwhile, I do our family’s cooking – well, when Mother helps, anyway. I’m going to be the very best cook in the whole Commonwell!”

“Not me,” Limni said with emphatic pride. “Want to live in Ululuk, hunt and fish for food, herd oal through the bladegrass thickets, and go through the Ordeal of Three Suns.”

“‘Ululuk?’” the cook asked. “‘Ordeal?’”

“Ululuk is Xao name for the Emerald Incessance,” answered Tiglat. “The Ordeal is the Xao coming-of-age ceremony. Bring back to the clan a live oal after three days wandering alone through Ululuk – with no weapon.”

“Everybody knows that,” Limni said with naked condescension.

Prosatio Silban cast a curious glance at Tiglat, who blushed. “Raising boys in both traditions: teach and share holidays, language, customs, and stories. But the older favors Uulian heritage, and the younger prefers Xao. Want to make own decisions when old enough.”

“Already decided!” shouted Limni.

“Me too!” B’aran added. “I am an Uulian!”

“Good lad!” boomed a boisterous bass from behind. “I know you are.”

Prosatio Silban turned. A short, stocky man clad in green tunic and brown fez and kneebreeches was leering at him. “You’re the traveling cook from the marketplace, are you not? Por ... Porsattio Something, right?”

“Prosatio Silban,” the cook replied. “And you are ...?”

“Gustio Araz is the name,” the man said, and proffered an open palm. “I am a trapper by trade, and the proud father of these two boys. Well, one of them anyway ...” His leer grew wider, and Tiglat and her sons contemplated the beaten earth beneath their sandaled feet.

The two men shook hands, and Prosatio Silban surreptitiously wiped his on his grey kneebreeches. “A trapper, eh?” he said. “I suppose that must be profitable, even at this season.”

“Yes,” Gustio Araz said. “You never know what you’ll catch. Ain’t that right, my love?”

There was an uneasy pause.

“Please excuse,” Tiglat said finally, and with obvious discomfort. “Must begin meal. B’aran, can help.”

“Thank you, Mother!” the older son said, beaming. “I’ll gather some vegetables.”

“That will make it a civilized meal,” the trapper said with a wink. “Not like what the savages eat, right?”

His wife closed her eyes for a moment, and then opened them. “Have repeated and repeated this – not before the children,” she said, facing her husband. “And not about Xao.”

“Why not? I was only playing the joker.”

“Can’t always tell – and neither can the boys.”

Gustio Araz fixed his trademark leer on Prosatio Silban. “As a fellow Uulian, don’t you think a man can make a joke or two in his own front yard?”

The cook reddened. “It is not my place,” he said, “to take sides between a husband and a wife.”

An uncomfortable silence settled over the group, broken after a long moment by Limni’s little-boy quavering.

“Hurting mnar’s feelings again,” he said, taking her hand. “Don’t. It’s not nice.”

“The word is ‘mother,’ little one,” scolded his father. “In this family, you’ll speak like an Uulian, and say ‘me’ and ‘my’ and ‘you’ and ‘yours’ – or speak not at all!”

“Kadatheron lathi!” the younger boy shouted, and stomped into the house. Shooting a dark glance at his father, B’aran joined him.

Another tense silence.

Prosatio Silban cleared his throat.

“Thank you for the kind invitation, Mistress Tiglat, but I believe I must be tending my galleywagon,” he said. “I am glad to have made your family’s acquaintance, and you may patronize my portable business whenever I visit Daywalk. G’night.”

* * *

Next afternoon, as Prosatio Silban was clearing away what passed for the lunch rush, he was surprised to see Gustio Araz approach, hollow-eyed and pale.

“Master Cook,” the trapper mumbled. “May I speak with you?”

Prosatio Silban set down the damp towel with which he was wiping his tables-and-chairs. “Certainly,” he said. “Please – take your ease at my table.”

Gustio Araz sat. “She left me,” he said in a small voice.

Prosatio Silban sat down across from him. “What do you mean?”

“I awoke this morning – to this note.” The trapper unfolded a piece of rag-paper and began to read in a shaking voice.

“‘Once-dearest husband. Many thanks again for Ululuk-kindness, but can no longer endure constant disrespect. Once a Xao, always a Xao. Limni too. Be consoled with B’aran. Look after with kindness. (signed) Tiglat.” He heaved a great sigh, and the paper fell from his hands.

“I am so sorry,” Prosatio Silban said, not knowing what else to say. “What does B’aran think of all this?”

Gustio Araz frowned, and shook open a second piece of rag-paper. “Father. You have driven away my mother and closest only brother by being so rude and mean all the time, so I am going to Pormaris to ‘prentice myself to a cook. Please – don’t follow me. (signed) B’aran.”

The ensuing sad silence was accented by the trapper’s rapid and shallow breathing. “I wanted everything,” he whispered. “And now, I have nothing. Only this.” 

He lifted a fist, then opened it. In his palm lay a silver Uulian marriage-ring.

“Only this,” Gustio Araz repeated, and closed his eyes. “Only ... this.”




Artful Dodge
In which Our Hero finds himself in a proprietary tangle.


HERE’S A SIMPLE QUESTION: WHAT is the essence and meaning of “art?”

I have never seen such beautiful food, Prosatio Silban thought. The village of Pastisi had made a name for itself by crafting the most picturesque baked goods in the Uulian Commonwell’s Three Cities and Thousand Villages – and charging a nominal fee just for the privilege of viewing them. Generally, such creations were either plain or adorned with the simplest of icings. Those inside the spotless glass-topped cases, on the other hand, could scarce be described in words.

These villagers’ reputations are well-earned, he thought, and glanced from side to side. I wonder if these recipes could be reproduced? With surreptitious fingers, he withdrew from his vest-pocket a writing-stick and palm-sized notebook and began to sketch...

* * *

Please, Scofi, Goddess of Culinary Impartation – let these finally look and taste as good as they smell, Prosatio Silban said to himself as he opened his oven door and removed a sheet pan laden with an impressive array of shortbreads in different shapes, sizes and colors. He set the pan on the preparation-counter and stepped back to admire its contents.

Perfect replicas, he thought, comparing the results to his hurried sketches. Took me more tries than I thought, but – perfection. In my own unhumble opinion, at least. And now, to sell them – that is, should Hopmon, God of the Ever-Filling Purse, so dispose.

Late-afternoon shadows were creeping over the busy lanes and stalls of Pormaris’ South Market as he carried the sheet pan to one of the unoccupied tables-and-chairs in the shade of his galleywagon. He bent to set it down, but before he could straighten up, a different shadow fell across the display.

“Cookies, Moma! Pretty cookies!” cried a happy young voice. It belonged to a girl of no more than ten summers, whose well-dressed mother smiled with beneficent wonder at Prosatio Silban.

“Are you selling these, Master Cook?” she asked. “Did you bake them yourself?”

“Indeed I am, and did,” he said. “For a mere five in copper apiece, they can be yours.”

“A fair price for such beauty. I shall take three, if you please.”

“Of course.” They made the exchange, and he wrapped up her purchase in a beeswaxed slip. “Thank you for your custom,” he said.

“Thank you for delighting my daughter. Good afternoon.”

“Master Cook!” exclaimed a passing swain with a lady on each arm. “I had no idea you were such a talented baker. My dearest-hearts will love them! May I please have these two?”

“Two it is,” replied the cook-errant, selecting the desired treats.

Thus it went until early evening, when Prosatio Silban had divested himself of his handiworks. A heavy coin-jar is a beautiful thing, he thought, and smiled in modest triumph.

* * *

A week later, his legal troubles began.

“My name is Ractor Obo, and we represent the Pastisi Confectioners’ Guild,” announced one of three men gesturing in anger at Prosatio Silban’s reproductions. “And we demand that you cease making our confections. Such a privilege belongs to the guild-members alone, and as we all know” – he flashed a sinister frown – “you do not. For if you did, you would not have committed such an outrage.”

“Besides which, and more importantly,” stated one of his companions, “they are only to be beheld. Not consumed.”

“Wouldn’t that defeat the purpose?” Prosatio Silban asked with annoyance. “In any case, I have done nothing wrong!”

While this was going on, a small crowd of curious marketgoers was gathering, some seeking to purchase the cook-errant’s cookies. Others started in to debate.

“He baked them,” said a tall woman holding a full vegetable-basket. “He should get to sell them. And he’s right – food should be consumed.”

“Yes, but,” a slight man in middle-class garb rejoined, “they were not his idea. And they are direct copies of someone else’s effort.”

“I have been to Pastisi, and these three bakers have a valid claim,” agreed another woman. “They are hardly original. What they are is stolen.”

“In this, the most interesting of all possible worlds,” countered another man, “there is nothing original anymore. And he never said he invented them.”

“You are all missing the point!” snapped the third of the Pastisi delegates. “We created them to exhibit and celebrate our skills, for which our village is justly famous. They are meant to be admired, not eaten.”

“Which raises another point!” Prosatio Silban argued, raising his voice and shifting from foot to foot. ““Food is meant to be eaten. Form can only be appreciated when complemented by function. Take a shrine without worshippers, a theater without actors and audience, clothing without someone to wear it, a funerary pyre that’s neither smokily ablaze nor surrounded by grieving friends-and-relations, or perhaps –”

“ENOUGH!” cried the first Pastisi spokesman. “I can see we will get nowhere with you. We must have this matter settled by one of the market-Sacreants. Let us away!”

* * *

The Sacreants, those envoys and attendants of their six-hundred-thirteen Flickering Gods, served other offices than simply conducting worship ceremonies. They were also responsible for the Commonwell’s social and physical infrastructures. For example, in the South Market and other great Uulian trading-spaces, they were found healing injuries in the name of Galien, Goddess of Life; sealing contracts and overseeing other business arrangements on behalf of Hopmon; and acting as judges under the aegis of Maklun the All-Decider. It was to this latter deity’s representative that the Pastisi contingent and Prosatio Silban – and a few hangers-on – repaired for the blessings of the Dealer of Equitable and Long-Armed Justice.

“In the Name of Maklun, we claim decisive impartiality between those parties who require it,” intoned Ractor Obo in the traditional formula. “We will abide by the ruling of the All-Decider, in this and in all things.”

“I too will abide by the ruling of the All-Decider, in this and in all things,” Prosatio Silban recited. “This I affirm.”

“This I affirm,” repeated the plaintiff.

The Sacreant, wrapped in her order’s characteristic Rainbow Robe, said, “Then state your case and hear the word of Maklun. What is your issue?”

With concise strokes the two petitioners sketched a verbal picture of their disagreement, to which the Sacreant paid rapt and impassive attention. At last she held up her hand.

“I see the difficulty,” she said. “In one scale-pan is the principle of private ownership. In the other is the nature and definition of art. Not the easiest of knots to untie. I shall now disclose to you both the god’s decision.”

Prosatio Silban lowered his eyes. Ractor Obo set his jaw. After a moment, the Sacreant cleared her throat.

“We say that this cook may continue making the confections in question ...”

“WHAT?!” complained the Pastisi bakers.

 “Thank you!” exclaimed the cook.
 
“I have not finished saying His word,” the Sacreant said with a fearsome scowl. “You will both be silent until I do. Yes?”

“Yes,” chorused the chastened litigants.

“Now. The cook may continue to bake, but he may not derive either coin or bartery from so doing. And he must also disclose to the public the source of his inspiration.”

It was Prosatio Silban’s turn to complain. “But ... that gives me no reason to continue baking!”

“Not unless you want to aid the Pastisi bakers in their quest for renown,” declared the Sacreant.

Ractor Obo bowed, almost hiding his victorious smirk. “The All-Decider is wise in all things,” he said. “Thank You for Your equity.”

“Thank You for Your equity,” mumbled Prosatio Silban. “The All-Decider is wise in all things.”

... whether I like it or not, he finished silently.




Humble Pie
In which Our Hero scouts for a nations-wide competition.


PROSATIO SILBAN PLACED THE LADEN fork in his mouth, deposited its contents, removed the utensil, and commenced chewing.

I have lost count of how many servings I’ve eaten, he thought. It’s a wonder this hasn’t sickened me yet.

He smiled at the woman who had cooked it, then nodded. From an inner pocket in his long vest he produced a writing-stick and small rag-paper notebook. Mercino Thuar, of Hobble’s Digs, he jotted. Full texture, good use of seasonings, not too sweet. A definite contender.

“Congratulations,” he told her. “You have qualified. Please bring your entry to epicurean Pormaris in one week’s time for the final judging.”
 
The Cook For Any Price was approaching the end of his long and near-wearying quest to discover who in the Uulian Commonwell could create the best finfruit pie. The simple and beloved dessert dated back to the Commonwell’s founding, and almost everyone he visited had put their subtle personal touches on the centuried recipe – a flavor enhancer or different crust perhaps, or a varied consistency of filling – save those who did not vary from the so-called “original” by so much as a pinch of salt or dusting of sweetbark.

His survey had commenced at the behest of the Ranking Culinarian, an old friend and colleague, whose many charges included administering the Pormaris-based Refectionists’ Guild and its allied institution, the Archive of Gastronomic Artifice. Prosatio Silban had first thought the assignment a lark, but he soon realized the burden which Crasso had placed on his semi-reluctant shoulders.

“I want you to treat this with utmost seriousness,” Crasso had said. “Although the task may seem trifling, you must remember that it concerns a vital piece of our cultural history. Much grave sentiment is attached to this dish, and I expect you to conduct yourself in an apropos manner.”

“Of course. But why have you chosen me?” the cook asked. “There must be others whose palates are more refined, and who will detect greater nuances of flavor and texture.”

“To be blunt? No one else is as well-traveled and well-known,” his friend replied. “You will be speaking with both amateur and professional cooks, and are more approachable than anyone in the Guild. Your ‘yea’ is sincere, and your ‘nay’ is kind. In short, you are the best man for the job.”

Now, a bare two months of dayrides later, Prosatio Silban was beginning to wonder if Crasso had it in for him. He had tasted his way through the Commonwell’s Three Cities and many of its Thousand Villages, sampling interpretations of home-cook and house-chef, noble and rustic; their hand pies, slab pies, and round pies; with latticed, floating, and classic upper-crusts. His final objective resided in Pormaris’ industrious and fragrant Bakers’ Quarter. Last stop, he thought with a sigh, as his galleywagon wheeled along the City of Gourmands’ busy morning streets.

Presently, he came to an arched wooden door set in the front of a two-story brick building, under a sign reading, The Brothers Momogi: Old Flavors, New Tastes. The cook-errant grinned as he climbed down from the driver’s bench. I already like their philosophy, he thought, and knocked thrice.

After a moment, the door opened wide to reveal a burly man with a goatee and a shock of close-cropped black hair, wearing a flour-flecked green Guild apron over an expensive-looking tunic and kneebreeches. “Greetings!” he all but bellowed. “Masters Roicho and Dachang are at your service.”

“Which one are you?” Prosatio Silban asked.

“I am Momogi Dachang. Some call me ‘The Innovator.’ My sibling and colleague, Momogi Roicho, is working in the kitchen. He answers to ‘The Teacher.’ And you must be the one known as the ‘Cook For Any Price.’”

“How did you know?”

“Your reputation precedes you. That, and we have been expecting your visit for some time. Come into the back.”

The first thing Prosatio Silban noticed after stepping inside was the happy, sweet-and-savory redolence of good things to eat. Dachang conducted him down a long dark corridor, which echoed with a distant clatter and bang. At last they entered the bakery proper, warm with the glow from three wood-fired ovens; a waist-high central table was neatly piled with tins, pans, rollers, baskets, pie birds, bench scrapers, and other bakers’ tools. At one end, on the other side of a half-dozen well-browned loaves, lay something hidden beneath a plate-sized and filigreed silver cover. Before one of the ovens, and bearing a long bread-peel, stood a strapping man with medium-length, slicked-back hair, and a goatee and garb similar to Dachang’s.

“You must be the judges’ judge,” said the man, dusting off his hands and offering one to Prosatio Silban. “Momogi Roicho,” he said. They shook, and the cook-errant said, “Please do not allow me to interrupt. My mission is to taste, not intrude.”

“No intrusion at all,” Roicho said. “May I show you our entry?”

“Please.”

“Then behold!” said the baker, and lifted the cover.

At first, Prosatio Silban didn’t know what he was beholding. Inserted edgewise into a mass of dark red – preserves? Puree? Pudding? – were more than a dozen small pastry-chips similar in shape to shark fins. The whole resembled nothing that the cook had ever seen, and he wasn’t quite sure what to make of it until Dachang broke the awkward silence.

“This is finfruit pie, deconstructed into its component parts,” he said. “Here, I’ll show you.” He scooped up with a pastry-fin some of the dark red whatever-it-was and conveyed it to his open mouth. As he chewed, he indicated Prosatio Silban to follow suit.

So he did. The “fin” was crisp and pie-crusty, and the jellied red substance tasted of the very essence of finfruit.

“It’s good, right?” Roicho asked.

“Mmm,” was all Prosatio Silban could manage. “MmmmM!” He swallowed, then smiled with pleasure. “Wonderful. Is this your idea, Master Dachang?”

“The concept, yes,” Dachang replied. “I credit my brother with the shaping and implementation. We also both make it a point of honor to use only the best ingredients obtainable. The finfruit, which we process in-house, comes to us from an exclusive provider.”

“The ‘fins’ are baked separate from the ‘filling’ so they don’t get soggy. Everyone can experience a crisp crust in every bite,” said Roicho. “We believe that when it comes to cooking, it doesn’t matter what you do so long as the result’s delicious.”

“I happen to agree with that attitude,” Prosatio Silban said. “Without question, this is the most delicious and unusual ‘finfruit pie’ presentation I have ever tasted. However ...”

“’However?’” the brothers chorused.

“However. The terms of the contest dictate that entries must conform to certain guidelines. With no bottom crust, and no definable top crust, your entry might not be judged on its merits. It is an inspired creation, and undeniably delectable, but would the other judges see it as authentic?”

Dachang and Roicho exchanged looks. “Authenticity’ is an arbitrary notion,” Dachang said. “A people’s foodways adjust to their circumstances. When cut off from their original and essential fare, they make do with whatever they have. We are but following our ancestors’ example.”

“Creativity comes from the tension between tradition and innovation,” added Roicho. “Finfruit pie, as we know it, is itself an adaptation of an older recipe brought by our people when we settled here, eight hundred years ago. The fruit then grew wild, and has only been cultivated relatively recently. Thus, you could say the pie is not strictly Uulian at all.”

“Those are excellent points, to be sure,” Prosatio Silban said. “But there is also the question, ‘How far can you change a thing and still call it by the same name?’ Well. I will report my findings to the Ranking Culinarian as well as to the competition judges. I do hope to see you both at the judging in two days. May Scofi, Goddess of Culinary Inspiration, continue to bless you and your labors.”

* * *

As befitted an event of such magnitude, the Archive of Gastronomic Artifice’s vast auditorium was thronged with competitors – cooks of every stripe, station, age, and description – and also with scads of the curious public. On the tall dais was an enormous table thick with sweet-scented entries, including Roicho and Dachang’s. From his adjacent seat among the judges, Prosatio Silban could see the brothers near the great hall’s front. Crasso, clad in elegant white long-tunic and green apron with gold trim, stepped to the blackwood lectern and raised his hands for quiet.

“We gather tonight, as we have since several hundreds ago, the Year of the Grateful Supplicant. Finfruit pie was then a new concoction. None then knew the place it would hold in the Uulian heart and hearth. As the years rolled by, it became the centerpiece of every celebration, an anticipated feature of holiday and holy day alike. From a field of near-countless entrants, one has brought forth a dish that current diners would recognize as excellent, and of which the ancients would be proud. The deserving cook will receive prizes both monetary and practical.”

At this point, Crasso unrolled a vellum scroll and raised his voice. “And the award for this year’s Finfruit Pie Trial is ... Viatta Sorrar of Hat Creek!”

A grey-tressed woman near the back of the room raised her arms in delighted triumph. Making her way to the front amidst the crowd’s loud applause, she mounted the dais to receive her honors. “Thank you, thank you!” she told the judges.

Crasso handed her a good-sized wooden box with the Archive’s insignia painted on the side. Tears in her eyes, she returned to her seat, and the Ranking Culinarian again raised his hands.

“The evening is not yet over,” he declared. “From the same field of candidates, one entry has emerged to remind us that adaptation is an essential component of gastronomy. Please offer up vocal praise for the creative reimagining of this classic dessert by the Brothers Momogi, of epicurean Pormaris!”

The look on Dachang’s and Roicho’s faces mingled incredulity and amazement with a touch of frustration. They rose from their seats and waved acknowledgement to the cheering crowd, then sat down again. Prosatio Silban – bearing another, smaller insignia-painted box – descended from the dais to meet them.

“Well done,” he said as he shook their hands in turn.

“Apparently not,” Dachang said. “You were right – they didn’t judge our creation on its merits.”

“Are you angry?”

“Not angry as such,” said Roicho. “Disappointed. We would have preferred to have been recognized with the others, rather than stand out alone as ‘inauthentic.’”

“I can understand that. You have enacted change. And change can take time for people to process. After all, the original finfruit pie also took some time to catch on. But now is the time for you to receive the accolades due those brave enough to try.”

“Do you think so in truth?” Dachang asked.

“I do,” Prosatio Silban replied. “For you have proven something more important – that the delicious need not be the enemy of the traditional.”




Idol Fancy
In which Our Hero has a brush with another’s fame.


IT IS THE HARDEST THING in the world – any world – to escape a cage of one’s own making. And yet ...

Prosatio Silban strode through the swinging doors of Pelvhi’s Chopping-House and made straight for the long bar on the other side of the loud and smoky great-room. The tavern was always crowded, and more so tonight for other than the hardworking hospitality-class of epicurean Pormaris’ usual drinking and commiserating. For tonight, Tono Byrrden had arrived once more, fresh from an eventful and roundabout tour of the Three Cities and Thousand Villages of the Uulian Commonwell and adjacent parts of the Exilic Lands.

Tall, lean, and with a handsome, deep-lined face given to frequent convulsions of cynical laughter, Tono Byrrden had made a career of finding obscure gastronomic treasures. These he would share with the general public through a series of collected broadsheets describing his travels and the fascinating sights, dishes, and people he encountered. His witty and acerbic Byrrden’s Bulletins had elevated the one-time professional chef out of the kitchens where he had long worked and into the lofty realms of fame – at least, among food-enamored Commonwell literati.

He and Prosatio Silban had met while the author was working on his third Bulletins collection, featuring a broadsheet (or two) devoted to the Cook For Any Price. That was many years ago, and although they had kept in such sporadic touch as was made possible by their crisscrossing lives, it had been some time since they had last seen each other. Nevertheless, they maintained a warm collegiality and mutual affection.

As the cook-errant approached the bar, Tono Byrrden was holding court to a circle of eager admirers and would-be friends. “No, I didn’t visit Rose-of-Amber this time,” he was saying to a star-struck young woman. “Perhaps on the next voyage, if they breed them as pretty as you, I wouldn’t mind – MASTER PROSATIO! I did not know you were also in town?”

Prosatio Silban grinned a reply and raised his voice above the genial din. “I never left!” he said. “Welcome back to Pormaris.”

“It is good to see you, too. Let us find a place where we can speak more audibly. Excuse me, good folk.”

Tono Byrrden disengaged himself from his disappointed but adoring hangers-on and followed Prosatio Silban to a seat at one of the tavern’s banquette side-tables. “Two blue duliacs, please,” the cook told an arriving waitron. “Mark it on my accounting.”

“Ah! the perquisites of cosmopolitan rootlessness,” said the author with a friendly sneer. “People do love to buy me drinks.”

“For you, always,” Prosatio Silban replied. “So – of what new and exotic playthings have you brought news to your doting readership?”

Tono Byrrden considered the red gingham tablecloth with sudden sad eyes. “That is my job, isn’t it?” he said. “I am recognized everywhere, and always asked the same question. I miss the occasional and once-standard, ‘How is your health?’”

“Forgive me,” said the cook. “I did not mean to –”

“It is not your fault; I am just in a strange mood. Travel has changed me; I have now completed my ninth collection and sent it to the printer, and am feeling somewhat ... adrift.”

“In what way?”

“In the way that happens to all of us, who have seen too much. The palate deadens, the senses dull, and I more and more feel as though I am playing the impostor’s role. What’s left to do after you’ve done it all?”

“The world is large, my friend, and you are too authentic to be an impostor. Surely you haven’t ‘done it all?’”

Tono Byrrden snorted. “Perhaps not. But ... ah, me! I visit our world’s unexplored quarters, and the wealthy follow in my train and ruin them all. I am more and more at a loss in terms of wondering who and what I am, and whether or not what I do is good.”

“You increase people’s knowledge of the world beyond their own limited scope. That is no little merit!”

“Yet I cannot escape the consequences of my actions. It has come to the point that I have taken to describing the what and who, and deliberately concealing the where and when. I am like the man who created a magikal automaton of initial usefulness, then watched as it ran wild and destroyed everything he loved. I ... I ...” He fell silent.

Prosatio Silban examined his friend’s face. He had always looked up to Tono Byrrden for his unfailing kindness, uncompromising honesty, and matchless mastery of his craft as both a writer and a chef. But now, he felt a stab of intuitive unease. This is a wounded soul, he thought, and by the All-Mother, I wish I knew what to say. I suppose I must say something.

“I once felt as you do – that I had reached the end of my own usefulness,” the cook said finally. “In fact, I was ready to end my life because of it. I have no answers for you, but I beg you to reconsider your situation. I understand your sense of responsibility, and commend you for it, but some good must come from what you do. You are too kind and capable for that not to be the case.”

An expression of frustrated indignation narrowed Tono Byrrden’s eyes. “I do not believe you understand at all,” he said, rising from the table. “It is not a question of good. It is a question of consequence – and of whether or not I can survive its inexorable pull. I am not certain that I can.” With that, he slipped into the crowd and was lost to view.

* * *

The next day, all Pormaris was abuzz with the news that Tono Byrrden had taken his own life. Memorial speeches were made, sad songs were sung, and the tricolor banners atop the Archive of Gastronomic Artifice – one of the departed raconteur’s favorite haunts – were replaced with a single black mourning-flag. The printer who had brought all nine of Byrrden’s Bulletins before a receptive audience could not keep up with the precipitous demand for back issues, and in his galleywagon, Prosatio Silban pondered the unexpected event with a choked throat.

I will not judge your final act, my dear sad friend, he thought, except in this: I do understand. And what’s more – I hope to see you later.




Speedy Feasts
In which Our Hero battles an old nemesis.


IN THE WRONG HANDS, EVEN a small dose of thwarted authority can grow into a voracious lust for revenge.

Our tale begins one night at Pelvhi’s Chopping-House, where everyone who was anyone in the Pormaris hospitality-world repaired after-hours for commiseration and shop-talk. The Cook For Any Price was at the smoky room’s long rear bar, sipping from his second glass of white duliac and chatting with the tavern’s namesake, when one of his favorite grilled-meat-on-a-skewer vendors strolled up, shaking her head and sighing.

“I never thought I would have lived to see such treacherous days,” she said. “Pelvhi, may I please have a glass of barley-spirits, neat? And leave the bottle, if you don’t mind. I may as well spend the last of my honest coin to drown my sorrows.”

“Is something serious afoot, Ano Marl?” Prosatio Silban inquired. “Pray unburden yourself in my direction.”

“And mine,” added Pelvhi, filling the requested glass and placing it – and the bottle – on the well-stained and scarred bar top. “As the wise one said, ‘Light is the heart whose troubles are shared.’”

“Yours won’t be when you hear my account of woe,” Ano Marl said. “It concerns the end of my trade, and likely yours. All of ours, in fact.”

“Has the blue-rice crop failed?” asked the cook-errant.

“Or perhaps the ubiquitous fatberry-bush?” asked the taverness.

“Worse,” said the vendor. “Those bastards from Tirinbar have done it again.”

A word might prove useful at this juncture, O Patient Reader. Grim-shadowed, stonyhearted Tirinbar was the northernmost of the Uulian Commonwell’s famed Three Cities, whose inhabitants had a reputation as cruel dominators and clever technologists. Prosatio Silban himself had helped to sweet freedom three of their escaped slaves, and been involved in various degrees with more than one mechanized instant-wealth scheme.

“What are those gentlemen up to now?” he asked, in a breezy tone tinged with venom.

“They call it ‘Minute Meals,’” Ano Marl replied. “A primary dish and two accompaniments come wrapped in molukka-leaves. After the customers choose what they want, the technician – I won’t call them ‘cooks’ – heats the fully cooked contents, and so! dinner! All for a mere four in copper. Including beverage.”

“Four in copper for a complete dinner?” cried Pelvhi in disbelief. “How can they do that? And more importantly, how can anyone else compete?”

“To your first question, they rely on voluminous sales, one of which is made every other moment of the day and night,” replied Ano Marl. “There is now a damned Minute Meals kiosk on nearly every corner of Pormaris’ four sprawling marketplaces. Each is doing a brisk business for people who want nourishment fast – tradesfolk, busy mothers and their broods, distracted merchants, novelty-seekers – and who can’t be satisfied by their usual victual-haunts, such as mine. And no one else can compete, whether private chef, restauranteur, taverner, even civilians who might otherwise cook at home. Already the yava-houses and other street-vendors are losing coin. By Esti, Goddess of Economic Undoing! All is lost!”

Prosatio Silban frowned. “This bodes not well at all,” he said, setting down his glass. “I shall have to see for myself what goes on there.”

* * *

“Welcome to Minute Meals!” announced the bright-faced young woman in colorful starched shift. “My name is Toria. May I take your order?”

The kitschy red-and-white kiosk was positioned at the confluence of two major market lanes, half-encircled by haybales on which sat Minute Meals’ munching clientele. Despite the late hour, a number of other potential diners were waiting for their turn at the gleaming metal counter. The air about the kiosk was rich with the smells of cooking meat and the sounds of enthusiastic eating.

“What do you offer?” Prosatio Silban asked.

Toria pointed to the gaudy sign overhead. Eight food-items and three beverages were proclaimed in flowing Uulian script, each with complementary pictures. “Which of these would you like?” she asked.

“Do you recommend anything in particular?” the cook-errant persisted.

The quasi-cook dimpled. “My personal favorite is the fried tripes-patties. But our biggest seller by far is the fried fidget-hen. People really enjoy it!”

“Then I should like that as well,” he said. “Pulse of the population, and all that.”

Toria smiled and selected his order from one of the large wire bins behind her. She placed it into a massive, shiny box and pulled the prominent lever. The device closed and emitted an impressive hum. Sixty heartbeats went by, the heater popped open, and with one fluid movement, the now-steaming packet was set before him.

“That will be four in copper,” she said. “And what to drink?”

“Let me see ... ‘Ginger-root Fizz,’ I think. Thank you.”

Toria handed him a brimming bamboo-paper cup and took in turn his payment. “Thank you! And enjoy your dinner!” She made eye-contact with the person behind Prosatio Silban. “Welcome to Minute Meals! My name is Toria – may I take your order?”

Prosatio Silban carried his repast to a half-occupied haybale and sat. A string protruded from the leaf-wrapped package in his lap; he gave it an experimental tug, and the parcel divided into two neat halves: crispy fried fidget-hen in one, butter-and-sugar corn and fried potato-spears in the other, with a snug space in-between for setting his beverage. The savory aroma teased his nostrils, and he was about to dig in when a shadow fell across his lap.

“So,” came a familiar if unpleasant voice. “Are you enjoying your meal?”

The puzzled cook raised his eyes, and a chill ran along his scalp. “Bulero Eol,” he said with slow distaste. “Why are you here? I haven’t seen you since you tried to oust me from the Refectionists’ Guild last year. Are you on assignment as the Ranking Culinarian’s lieutenant?”

“No longer,” his old enemy said. “Crasso and I had a falling-out over some of his recent decisions, and I thought it wise to spend my energies elsewhere. With these.” He swept an arm toward the kiosk.

“What do you mean? I thought these were Tirinbar concessions.”

Bulero Eol snickered. “So does everyone. The heaters are their work, to be sure, but those impious inventors are not anyway so clever as I when it comes to practical application. No, these are entirely my enterprise. I decided to turn my dislike for you and your green-aproned fellows into a ready source of prodigious coin. And, into the bargain, engineer your ruin.”

“But why?”

“Because you all continue to flourish, despite having ousted me last year as Ranking Culinarian! What more reason do I need?”

Prosatio Silban set his purchase on the haybale and stood up; Bulero Eol took an involuntary step back. “You are an evil, evil man,” the cook said through clenched teeth. “Not for how you feel, which is your own business, but for what you’re doing. You would drive us all out of business over a petty grudge?”

“How nice that we understand each other. Enjoy the bitter aftertaste.” With a triumphant smirk, the amoral entrepreneur turned on his heel and departed.

I understand you all too well, Prosatio Silban thought, clenching his fists. The question is – what to do next?

* * *

The following day, Prosatio Silban led a small handful of dour associates through Pormaris’ great and iconic South Market to make their case before one of the marketplace Sacreants.

“You are the legal authority overseeing commerce here in the name of Hopmon, God of the Ever-Filling Purse,” the cook-errant told the Rainbow Robe-wrapped representative. “Well, a threat has arisen to the stability and income of a substantial part of this city’s economy. We beg of you to have the god intervene before the situation becomes direr than it already has.”

The Sacreant shook her head and squinted in sympathy. “I hear what you are saying, but there is nothing we can do. We Sacreants have a strict rule when it comes to rival businesses of any sort. Hopmon wishes them all to flourish, and He – and we – can take no sides in any competition for mercantile custom. I am sorry, but you will have to find recourse from another quarter.”

That same sad song played over at the Ranking Culinarian’s office. Crasso, an old friend of Prosatio Silban’s and well-liked by one and all, spread his hands in a gesture of futility.

“Bulero Eol no longer wears the green apron of the Refectionists’ Guild, so I – and we – have no means to sanction him either for good or for ill,” Crasso said. “If there is another way to hinder his one-man crusade against us, I am not wise enough to know it.”

So time plodded by, and Prosatio Silban – as well as his professional associates – tried their best in vain to resist the drying trickle in both custom and their general sense of usefulness. Meanwhile, the throngs patronizing Minute Meals had steadily grown.

In more than one sense.

One night, during a brief lull in the dejected din at Pelvhi’s Chopping-House, the taverness raised a question to the mournful paying-on-credit crowd.

“Have you noticed anything ... different ... about the general populace lately?” she asked.

“Now that you mention it, they do seem to be a touch on the heavier side,” Prosatio Silban said. “Even the children.”

Crasso let out a sigh. “To be blunt: they are getting fat. Rather, fatter.”

“Master Prosatio?” Pelvhi continued. “You yourself have eaten one of those meals, yes? What was it like?”

“To be honest, and to my disappointment, it was quite tasty. Unsurprising, considering that it consisted of fried meat and bulk-vegetables, and a very sugary beverage, and ... and ... and. Wait a moment.”

There came a pregnant silence as each looked at the other in sudden surprise. Then Crasso spoke with careful deliberation.

“No wonder people so love Bulero Eol’s food,” he said. “It’s all grease, salt, and sweets – and they are now addicted to it. He has gotten people dependent on his cheap and shoddy product, to the point where they are not any more interested in their accustomed dining habits; only in gratifying their palates and filling their gullets. He is lining his pockets from his engineered craving.”

“How did we not see this at first?” asked Pelvhi. “And: What can we do about it?”

“We can expose him,” Prosatio Silban said, grinning. “And then watch what happens.”

* * *

Not five days later, Prosatio Silban was worn out. His fortunes, and those of the city’s other cooks, had made a swift reversal with the publication of Bulero Eol’s perfidious scheme. Now his biggest worry was how best to fulfill the deluge of orders from his returning regulars.

“Welcome back, welcome back!” he cried to the line of customers waiting with polite patience to be served at one of his two tables-and-chairs. “It is good to see you all again. I have missed you!”

“And we have missed you,” said a stout young woman as she dabbed at her lips with a cloth square and rose from her seat. “It seems like forever since I have tasted real food!”

Prosatio Silban thanked her, brushed crumbs off the tabletop, and gathered up the latest collection of used dishes. Someone tapped his shoulder. He turned, and a boy in the red tunic and beret of the marketplace’s Dispatch Service handed him a folded rag-paper note. “I was bade to put this right into your hand,” the lad said before bowing and retreating into the busy street.

The cook tucked the paper into his vest-pocket, ferried the dishes into his galleywagon, and placed them in the sink. He unfolded the note; it was written in a blocky hand and contained but seven words and two initials: “You’ve not got rid of me yet. –B.E.”

Prosatio Silban shook his head, crumpled the paper, and tossed it into the catch-bin beneath the sink. We shall see about that, he thought. We shall see.




Service


“YOURS IS A NOBLE CALLING,” Prosatio Silban said. “Pray, what is its secret?”

The waiter from the acclaimed restaurant Tide & Time had just finished his breakfast of poached fidget-hen eggs, salt-cod-and-potato hash, and stone-rye toast. He took a last sip of hot yava, swallowed, set down his cup, and smiled.

“It is like this,” he said. “To do what I do requires a strong and encyclopedic memory, rapt attention to detail, and a sincere desire for the customer’s dining experience to be as pleasant and perfect as possible. Pride in one’s vocation is also necessary. However, that must arise from the first three qualities – and only from there, lest one forget one’s unique place in the Flickering Gods’ grand scheme.”

“Do you mean to say that, to be humble, you must think less of yourself?” the coop-errant asked.

“Not at all,” the waiter replied. “A wise man once described humility instead as ‘thinking of yourself, less.’ I suppose that could apply to all of life, but for a professional server, it is an absolute essential.”

Prosatio Silban returned his customer’s smile. “Here,” he said, raising the yava-pot he was holding. “Let me pour for you another.”




Tainted Wind
In which Our Hero is beset by a persistent affliction.


NOT ALL AWAKENINGS ARE RUDE – but some may as well be.

Prosatio Silban stretched, yawned, sat up, and contemplated the interior of the curtained sleeping-berth tucked into his galleywagon’s rear. Something is amiss, he thought. But what?

His inquisitive glances took in the bookshelf above his feet, on which perched a dog-eared edition of Barbatus the Elder’s Truth, Life, and Other Comic Futilities; the ceiling-mounted fatberry-oil lamp; the small, diamond-paned window set high in the galleywagon’s aft wall; and the full-length black silk curtain screening him from the rest of the kitchen-cum-vehicle. Nothing seemed out of place.

Then it hit him like an ice-bolt through his chest: What is that wretched stench?

With instinctual trepidation, he cupped a hand over his mouth, exhaled into it, and took a cautious sniff.

BLEAGH! he shouted in his mind, and almost through his now-toxic mouth.

He kicked open the curtain, swung his legs onto the floor, then padded across his ornate braided rug to riffle through the tall, well-stocked pantry. Now where did I put those cleansing-sticks ... ah!

He selected a thick brown twig from a fat bundle of same, put one end in his mouth, and chewed. Instead of the bright taste of springy toothwood, the bitter tang of moldy alliums bathed his tongue. I’m only making things worse, he thought with a grimace, and discarded the stick into the catch-bin under the sink. What could be causing this?

Gargling with warm yava, and then blue duliac, also provided no relief. Neither did swishing his mouth with potent cold-leaf tea. Rubbing strong pungentine salve into his gums and tongue likewise did nothing.

At this point, the baffled cook was becoming frantic. I must begin preparing for the breakfast crowd soon, he thought, but I cannot serve customers with whatever this malady is – I’ll put them off their feed. And I can’t blame them for that. I’ll have to close down!

He frowned. On the other hand, my coin jar is almost empty. I must do something. But what?

* * *

 “Why have you a kerchief tied across your face?” his patron, one of Pormaris’ legion market-porters, asked.

“Mouth injury,” the beefy cook replied. “I am quite the sore sight, and it is in truth embarrassing. However, I cannot allow a minor mishap to keep me from serving the customers I love. Where else would they find a hot and economical breakfast?”

His patron sniffed, and made a face. “What is that appalling odor?”

“Yes, what?” added the porter’s table-mate, an elderly courtesan of apparent means. “It smells like ... garlic? Onions? Whatever it is, it’s gone bad. Very bad.”

“I don’t smell anything,” Prosatio Silban lied. “Now, about this morning’s special –”

“‘Special’ is right!” chimed in a third customer, a down-on-his-luck flax merchant. “I’ve never smelled anything quite so foul.”

“By Apgar, God of Noisome Impropriety! It’s you!” exclaimed the porter, and stood. “Did you forget to visit the public baths yestereve? Or clean your teeth this morning?”

The other two also rose. “I have been frequenting your portable establishment for years, but I must needs take my morning meal elsewhere today,” said the merchant, and left along with the porter.

“Good day, or at least a better-scented one,” the courtesan said, making her own exit.

Prosatio Silban sighed, and his kerchief made that reflexive maneuver doubly noxious. He tore it from his face and threw it on the ground.

“Master Prosatio?” queried a female voice from behind him. He turned, and put a reflexive hand over his mouth.

There stood Abmellia Drroz, concern shading her soft brown eyes. It had been a year since their first (and last) encounter, but the winsome egg-seller with the greying tresses regarded the cook with, if not love, then a deep compassion for his welfare. And more to the point, she was not recoiling.

“Mistress Abmellia,” he mumbled. “So good to see you again. Please, though – do not approach. I am reek-afflicted.”

“So I gathered from your customers’ precipitous retreats,” she said with a kind smile. “It is good to see you, too. What ails you this time?”

“A plague more mundane, yet just as bedeviling,” he replied from behind his hand. “For whatever reason, I have become stricken with ... very bad breath.”

“Oh, dear,” she said. “Have you tried gargling with yava?”

“Yes.”

“Blue duliac?”

“Of course.”

“Cold-leaf tea wash, or thick pungentine salve?”

“Yes and yes.”

“I have some toothwood twigs in my –”

“Those did not work either.”

“Oh. Well, you have already done what I would. Perhaps we should try something else.”

“I will try anything. What did you have in mind?”

* * *

When last they met, a febrile Prosatio Silban had allowed Abmellia Drroz to minister to him using her purported herbalist’s skills. After several haphazard attempts at a cure, she had finally hit on the correct one, and they had parted with warmth – though without the affection for which she had harbored gently dashed hopes.

“I have learned more about remedies since our previous time together,” she said, hefting a sizable wicker basket full of herb-bundles, ceramic jars and vials, leather packages, and sundry other containers. “I do not think you shall endure the same difficulties.”

They were inside the galleywagon, with Prosatio Silban seated on the edge of his sleeping-berth. He had opened both halves of the door as well as all three windows; and though not very large, the openings were sufficient for an active cross-breeze to stir the curls of floral-fragrant steam arising from the saucepan simmering on the fatberry-oil stove. Abmellia Drroz bent over the saucepan, whispered into it what sounded like gibberish, then gave its contents a final stir and poured the greasy-looking purple liquid into a tall ceramic mug.

“Here,” she said, proffering the mug. “Gargle with this. It is best taken warm.”

He sipped at the mug, then took a mouthful and leaned his head back with a musical throat-bubbling. A moment later, he gagged, pitched forward, and sprayed the thick violet fluid all over himself.

“O All-Mother!” he coughed, then grimaced. “It’s dripping down the back of my throat!”

“Not to worry, not to worry,” Abmellia Drroz reassured him. “I shall clean you up. First, though, sniff some of this.” She handed him a thumb-sized paper envelope.

“What is it?” he asked with suspicious apprehension.

“Powdered clotwort. Its usual application is stanching nosebleeds, but it should work in your case as well. As for your original problem, let us try something else.” She gave the saucepan and mug a quick rinse in the sink, and drained into the latter two vials of what appeared to be rose-tinted water. As before, she whispered into the mug before handing it to Prosatio Silban with the following instruction: “Swish this in your mouth for twenty heartbeats, then swallow. All of it.”

“What are you whispering?” the cook asked.

“It’s ... an enhancement,” she said with an enigmatic air. “It’s supposed to help the concoctions’ virtues. And it usually does.”

“Mistress Abmellia,” he began, then stopped. She means well, he thought. And I can’t argue with the price she’s charging me – the simple pleasure of my company – which is far less than would a Sacreant do. He knocked back the mug’s contents and swished. The flavor wasn’t too bad, sort of a cross between crisp bacon and rich sugar-dates, and he forced a smile as he gulped it down.

“Why am I swallowing?” he asked.

“Mouth-maladies often arise from issues in the stomach and/or upper digester,” she replied. “Swishing and swallowing allows the remedy to address both potential problems.”

“That sounds good and right to methl thathl paffle,” he said, then paused, creased his brow, and tried again. “Mithteithel muthl thathle math! Ohh ohh OHH! Mu muhf uh thung ith umm! Umm!”

“I beg your pardon?” she asked.

In reply, he grabbed a writing-stick and recipe notebook, scribbled with great alarm, and thrust the result at her.

“Your mouth and tongue are numb?” she asked.

“Umm! Umm!” he replied in panicky agitation.

“That should not have happened,” she said, perplexed, then reached up to pluck a bright orange volcano pepper from an overhead-dangling garland. “Try this.”

The cook-errant popped the pungent fruit into his mouth and chewed with effort, drooling a bit. Soon his mouth began to tingle, then to warm, as life flooded back into his abused orifice.

“I am truly sorry,” she said, handing him another striped dishtowel. “I can only imagine your level of distrust of me, and don’t blame you for it one bit. I do have one other idea, but ...”

He wiped his mouth, smacked his lips, and sighed. “I don’t distrust you exactly, but perhaps you should tell me what’s in your ‘cures’ before I try them? I should like to make an informed choice.”

“Fair enough,” she said, brightening. “What would you say to a different salve? One with scrubroot instead of pungentine?”

“That does not sound unreasonable. But just this last time – otherwise I’m going to throw myself on the mercy of the Sacreant healer” – or under a passing zebra-coach, he thought. “No insult offered, of course.”

“None received.” Abmellia Drroz rummaged through her basket and produced a fist-sized earthenware jar. She unscrewed the lid to reveal a burnt-sienna paste that smelt of smoky rose-petals. She held this up, murmured for a moment, and handed it to him.

“I don’t imagine you’ll want me to apply this,” she said with a shy grin. “Don’t use too much.”

Prosatio Silban accepted the container and dipped into it an experimental finger. “Strange – it feels warm,” he said. “Smooth, too.”

He rubbed the fingerful of paste into his gums, tongue and upper palate, then closed his mouth to concentrate the paste’s essence. 

He made to open it again. And couldn’t.

“What new and mortal torment is this?” the cook tried to say, but his lips, teeth and tongue were sealed tight and the only sound that came out was. “NNN!” “NNNNN! NNNnnnnNNN!”

Abmellia Drroz’ face fell. “I am so sorry!” she cried in alarm. She flickered her glance around the galleywagon and spied a glass bottle of blue duliac on the honeywood sideboard. She poured three fingers of the powerful spirit into a butter-pot – a miniature, lidless saucepan – and warmed it on the stove. Meanwhile, Prosatio Silban leaned his head into his hands and quaked with frustration.

“Rescue is on its way!” she said, lifting the pot and handing it to him. “Rub this on your lips, and when they open, try to sip and swish it around your mouth. It should act as a solvent ...”

He did as she told, and after a few minutes everything was settled. “I hope you aren’t tired of my apologies,” she said, studying at the galleywagon floor and blushing. “I really do mean well. It’s just that –”

“Abmellia Drroz, whatever am I to do with you?” he interrupted, and cast her a stern look. He cupped a hand over his mouth and inhaled through his nose again, gagging at the tenacious smell. “I am no better, but at least I am not worse off. I suppose I shall have to visit the Sacreant after all.”

She held his eyes with hers. “Please. I have one last die to throw, and if it doesn’t do as I plan, I shall pay for your Sacreant’s visit myself,” she said. She again murmured low in an unfamiliar language, swigged from the duliac bottle, smiled, took him into her arms, and kissed him soundly on the lips.

Great Mother! he thought as she sucked his lips between hers. What is she doing?

The air in his lungs was being yanked out of him, and he felt lightheaded and dizzy and cozy all at once. When he thought he would swoon from lack of air, she released him; he stepped back and drew in a blessed breath.

My breath! he thought, tasting nothing but the licorice tinge of duliac. I’m cured!

Abmellia Drroz threw back her head and puffed out their combined breaths with a noise like wind whipping through pine boughs. She met his grateful eyes.

“I see it worked,” she said. “Finally.”

“Finally?” Prosatio Silban panted. “Did you ... have any ... doubts?”

“I learned it from a long-ago ... suitor,” she said, blushing. “That and the whispered spell which activates it – but in all honesty, I thought he was toying with me. He called it “The Lovers’ Mingle.”

He regarded her with great kindness. “I’m glad to know,” he said with all sincerity, “that it also works on dear friends.”




Final Refection
In which Our Hero comforts a condemned party.


THE “PURE CITY,” SO SAY the Sacreants, is the eternal home reserved for the souls of pious Uulians, where their earned rewards are consonant with their earthly deeds.

Capital criminals, on the other hand, are a different matter.

That thought preoccupied Prosatio Silban as he passed the Execution Garden outside Grimdark Gaol, at the northern tip of the great and epicurean island-city Pormaris. This was the temporary home of those lawbreakers whom the Commonwell’s judicial authorities had deemed impossible to otherwise rehabilitate due to birth, circumstance, or plain misfortune. Ask any one of that sparse population their story, and they will all proclaim their innocence.

All, that is, save the one whom Prosatio Silban was here to serve.

The beefy cook had been engaged the preceding day by the man’s distraught wife, who had come to his marketplace-parked galleywagon with a simple request: “Please,” she pleaded. “Cook for my husband his last meal. I will pay whatever you ask; he deserves no less than the artistry of your practiced hand.”

“I will do what I can,” said Prosatio Silban. “With what may I please him?”

“He is an unassuming man with unassuming tastes. Were I you – or were I less beside myself – I would cook for him a substantial breakfast-skillet of meat, eggs, and potatoes. I suppose he will not need strength where he is going ...” She fought a sob, lost, and, shoulders shaking, looked down at the flagstones beneath her sandaled feet.

“My good woman,” the cook-errant said, with as much kindness as he could muster. “Take your time, and your ease, if you can. I can only imagine your plight, but I do not need to share it in order to respect it.”

She accepted his proffered handcloth and dabbed at her eyes. “Thank you,” she murmured in a not-quite-audible voice. “I’m so sorry to carry on this way ...”

“No apology is necessary,” he replied. “It is my privilege to serve you both at this hopeless hour. How may I best begin?”

* * *

The visitors’ chamber for prisoners awaiting death was cold, grey, and reeked of stark desperation. As for the man sitting across from Prosatio Silban at the initial- and obscenity-scratched iron table ... well. If you saw him walking down one of Pormaris’ fabled wide avenues, you would not give him a second glance, if even a first one. Here inside the claustrophobic, ill-lit stone room, he looked out of place: tall, well-dressed, a tad weary, and ready to bid a sincere farewell to whomever he encountered.

The cook cleared his throat. “Do you wish to talk about why you are here?” he asked.

“Not particularly,” the man said. “It has all been said, on both sides, and I for one have no desire to say it again – except that in my case, justice will be served.”
 
“Then you have my sympathies. Now. With what may I please you?”

“With nothing less than my favorite meal: pounded beef, fried in goose-fat until crisp, and covered in its own gravy. Grated scarlet potatoes, also fried crisp. Flame-toasted rye-slices with lashings of rich cow’s-milk butter. Three poached hen’s eggs, with firm whites and loose yolks. All of this should be served on the same plate, if you can manage it. And for afters, a deep mug of hot yava with liberal sugar and cream. A man should not enter the Pure City with a bitter palate or hollow stomach.”

Prosatio Silban nodded. “It will all be done to a nicety,” he said. “But may I ask you – do you believe you are destined for the Pure City?”

The man shrugged, contemplating the tabletop. “I have to. Otherwise, I would go mad, wondering where else I might go – or indeed, if I will ‘go’ anywhere at all. My wife is too good a woman to be left alone through my error in this, the most interesting of all possible worlds.”

* * *

Under a forbidding ikon of Maklun, God of Equitable and Long-Armed Justice, sat the Sacreant in charge of Grimdark Gaol. Her Rainbow Robe was trimmed in dark purple, and she was enveloped within it like a lily’s pistil as she pondered Prosatio Silban’s question.

“There is no Uulian theology or teaching which speaks of any destination for de-bodied souls who have faced the ultimate sentence,” she said at last. “At least, none of which I am aware. If it gives him solace to believe elsewise, let him.”

“And with what can his wife be comforted?” Prosatio Silban asked. “She told me, and I can see by speaking with him, that he is altogether a good man who had a bad day. Can there be no leniency, or will she –”

“Bad days do not excuse bad deeds! The criminal faced a lengthy deliberation by the requisite five-Sacreant court, and their decision was unanimous. Although an example must be made, he will die in peace and without pain. Let that be her comfort.”

* * *

“That was a fine meal,” the man said, wiping his mouth on a red linen napkin, “and the tastiest I have eaten in my soon-to-be-truncated life. Thank you, Master Cook. And now, shall we get on with this sad and sorry business?”

The party gathered in the Execution Garden under low afternoon clouds numbered just seven: the man, his wife, the Sacreant-in-Charge, two mandatory witnesses, Prosatio Silban, and the veiled executioner. The prisoner stood up from his solitary wooden chair at the small dining-table, smiled at his wife, and lay down on the adjacent black silk couch. “Farewell, my love,” he told her. “I do hope to see you later, somehow and somewhere.”

She took his hand, all but collapsing. “Goodbye, my dearest, my darling,” she said between racking sobs. “Without you, there will be no more light in my life.”

With a light but insistent grasp the Sacreant-in-Charge separated them, and Prosatio Silban guided the tearful woman to one of the low seats surrounding the couch. “By order of Maklun the All-Decider, here is the order in which this will commence,” intoned the executioner in his long-practiced rote. “First, you will eat from the fruit of the dispatch-tree; it has a bitter taste, as befits the circumstances. Next, you will begin to feel heavy, with a swift numbness creeping upward from your feet. When it reaches your heart, you will lose your sense of speech, and when it closes your eyes, it will have worked its final virtue.”

“Have you made your peace?” asked the Sacreant.

“Long ago, and such as it is,” the man replied. 

“Then we shall proceed,” she said, and sat down by the condemned man’s head.

Over the next few minutes, and one by one, the executioner’s predictions came to pass. “It is bitter,” the man said, after swallowing the last bite of shiny yellow dispatch-fruit. “Thus and so for my yava-sweetened palate, Master Cook.”

A dozen heartbeats later: “I cannot feel my feet.”

Later still: “There goes my heart, and my ... and my ...” He fell silent.

As the man closed his eyes for the last time, his widow fell to her knees and embraced his body. “No,” she whispered, her throat tight with grief. “O Merciful All-Mother! Make this not be so! My husband ... what will I do without you? What will I do?”

* * *

The next day, Prosatio Silban, on his way out of Pormaris via the decadent city’s ferry-docks, made an intentional detour by the woman’s home. He ascended the three steps to her front door, gave a gentle knock, and waited.

After a moment, the door opened. Is this the same woman who mourned so grievously yesterday? the cook thought. For the inconsolable widow who had been dragged from her husband’s still-warm corpse now stood before him with eyes shining, cheeks a-blush, and her voice a joyful music.

“Master Cook!” she gushed. “I am sorry that I did not get a chance to thank you for the exquisite last-meal you cooked. My husband enjoyed it very much; in fact, he could not stop praising you.”

“I am gratified to hear that,” Prosatio Silban replied, creasing his brow. “Truly I am. But I am also perplexed.”

“Why so?”

“I do not recall hearing from him anything but the briefest of compliments. How do you know his opinion so well?”

“He told me so himself just this morning,” the woman said, and opened wide the door. It was dark inside the foyer, but chief among the gathered shadows seemed to be one suggestive of a tall figure with a triumphant grin.

A trick of the light, perhaps? Prosatio Silban thought, and blinked. The figure had faded, but the woman’s face retained its angelic glow. Perhaps some mysteries are better left unplumbed.

“I’m glad to have been of service,” he said with a smile, bowed, and turned to go. An instant of mingled laughter was silenced behind him by the closing door.

The Pure City, so say the Sacreants, is the eternal home reserved for the souls of pious Uulians. Capital criminals, on the other hand, are an entirely different matter – at least, for those who love them best.




Counting Time
In which Our Hero takes on a human cargo.


IT WAS AS BEAUTIFUL, BREEZY, and otherwise uneventful a day as any in the Three Cities and Thousand Villages of the Uulian Commonwell, save for one particular: the long queues of people, in every settlement of any size, waiting their turn for the Decennial Tally.

Prosatio Silban’s galleywagon was parked in the rustic riverside village of Frogbottom, near the end of the human line that stretched to the Tabulators sitting at a wooden table. The two bored-looking, guard-flanked officials, wrapped in the tricolor robes of Commonwell bureaucrats, asked each person the same three questions: “Name?” “Age?” “Occupation?” This slow parade of individuals, couples, and families had been going on all morning and looked as if it would continue into the afternoon as well.

Fortunately for the cook-errant, the attending throng was also a hungry one. He was doing a brisk business in sandwiches, pasties, and other portable meals, and was vending a sausage-on-a-skewer when one potential countee caught his eye. This young man would step up to the queue’s end, shake his head, fall back, shake his head again, step forward once more, and fall back, all while brushing thick strands of chestnut hair over the left side of his face. He had performed this halting pantomime several times before Prosatio Silban took advantage of a brief lull to welcome him as he would any other prospective patron.

“With what may I please you?” he called in the friendliest tone he could muster.

The youth turned frightened eyes on him before stammering out a soft reply.

“There is ... nothing you could ... could do for me,” he said. “But ... thank you for ... for asking.”

“You look like someone who needs a favor, or at least a small measure of comfort,” he said. “Are you lost?”

“No! No ... I am not. I have ... ah, no good reason for ... for being here. And now I ... I ... ah ...” A sudden gust stirred his hair, revealing an iron chattel-earring.

The cook lowered his voice. “You are an escaped slave from stony-hearted Tirinbar, are you not?”

The young man shot Prosatio Silban a terrified look. “Please ... oh please,” he moaned. “I beg you ... don’t tell anyone!”

“I will do more than that,” the cook replied. “I will help you. Come to my galleywagon.”

“You there!” cried one of the Tabulators’ guards. “At the end of the line! I would speak with you.”

“Pay no attention!” Prosatio Silban whispered, and nodded toward his galleywagon. “Go up the steps and inside. Hide, if you can. I shall join you in a moment.” He then turned a smiling face to the approaching guard. “Yes, friend! With what may I please you?”

“Who was that youth?” barked the guard.

“My manservant,” the cook said. “Surely you don’t think I could serve this crowd by myself?”

“Why was he gadding-about so at the end of the line?”

“He was taking lunch orders. It has been that kind of a day.”

“Bring him out from your vehicle. I wish to talk to him.”

“I don’t know that he is in the vehicle.”

“Damn you! I saw him enter.”

Prosatio Silban frowned. “That is odd. I sent him into the village for more supplies. As I said, it has been that sort of a –”

“Bring. Him. Out. Now!” growled the guard.

“I will let you in, but you’ll not find him. Believe me.”

They ascended the three steps by the driver’s bench to the galleywagon’s door. The cook opened it wide, and the pleasant blend of a quarter-century’s cooking-smells greeted them as they entered.

“Let me light a lamp,” said Prosatio Silban, and did so. “There. You see? No one here.”

The guard took in the six-burner fatberry-oil stove, oaken preparation-counter, and dish-closet to his left; likewise the coldbox and honeywood pantry on his right.

“What’s behind that black silk curtain at the far end?” he snapped.

“My sleeping-berth. Why do you ask?”

“Open the curtain.”

“You can’t be serious. I’ve not yet made my –”

“OPEN IT!”

Tight-gutted and loose-handed, the cook obeyed. Only scattered linen bedclothes and a rumpled feather pillow met their eyes.

The guard looked with apologetic suspicion at Prosatio Silban. 

“Hmph. Seems I was wrong. Sorry for the inconvenience.” With that, he stumped across the ornate braided rug to the door and slammed both halves behind him.

After some heartbeats, the mattress rose up and toppled to the floor. The young man lately beneath it gulped for air.

“You may breathe now,” said the cook. “What is your name?”

The youth looked at the rug. “Sirenio Fajar. I am impoverished, and ... and can only repay you with ... with my ... with my ...”

“Sirenio Fajar, I am Prosatio Silban, the Cook For Any Price, and you need not repay me with anything. It will be my great privilege to help you; no one should have to live the life of a slave. The Flickering Gods seem to have brought us together for this circumstance, just as They have done for others in your situation. May I find for you something to eat?”

The young man smiled, and raised his eyes. “Please. And ... thank you.”

* * *

“We are being followed,” Prosatio Silban called over his shoulder.

The galleywagon, with the cook on the driver’s bench and his new charge standing at the half-open doorway just behind, was making good time on the tamped-earth road twisting between ragged rows of scarlet-cypress and gingko.

Sirenio Fajar shouted a reply above the galleywagon’s clatter. “How do you know?”

“I know. It is an instinct. And likewise, I do not believe that guard would be so obliging as to leave such a doubtful stone unturned.”

“What can we do?”

“We can lay on more speed. Onward!” he cried to his quaint lumbering buopoth, and flicked the plaited yak-hair reins. “With alacrity, if you don’t mind!”

Onward responded by sprouting additional legs, and the galleywagon raced along, its accelerated pace intensifying the swaying and rocking. Sirenio Fajar clutched the painted doorpost.

“Onward!” Prosatio Silban called. “Find the next obscure clearing and bring us to a halt within it!”

After a tense moment, the chatoyant dray-beast slowed to turn from the road – but the galleywagon still rose up on its two left wheels before settling down with a crash.

“The road’s curves may have screened us from pursuing eyes,” the cook said, climbing down from his perch. “But in case they have not, close the door – and think invisible thoughts.”

Sirenio Fajar complied, and the afternoon stillness enfolded them without so much as a birdsong or insect-buzz.

A moment later, hoofbeats as of more than one riding-animal (and shouts as of more than one rider) sounded from the direction of the road. Prosatio Silban shut his eyes and spread his arms as the commotion grew closer.

“O Atluuk, God of the Fortuitous Escape; Sojef, Goddess of Hard-Won Autonomy; and Galien, the all-embracing All-Mother, hear my plea and grant my boon,” he whispered. “This is not the first time You have granted me the opportunity to help free the once-captive, and I am grateful to serve both You and them in this fashion. Divine Ones, I beg that You again aid us in our flight. Do not let the unholy forces of constraint enwrap us with their cruel attentions; strike off the mental and physical manacles which bind my charge, and let us depart from here in peace and concealment. I shall tell the tale of Your kind grace whenever and wherever the occasion affords. This I affirm.”

With a rapid pounding in his chest and temples, Prosatio Silban waited. The hoofbeats’ volume continued to increase, and the cook wondered about mounting a suitable defense should matters take that turn. He hopped down from the driver's bench and planted both feet with pugilistic resolve.

The pursuing noise grew louder still.

“This way!” came a shout from the road. “They went this way!”

Prosatio Silban raised his fists. When did I last fight? he thought. Whenever it was, I summon that memory now!

Another shout resounded.

The cook’s nails bit into his palms.

By degrees, the cries diminished. As did the hoofbeats.

Prosatio Silban realized he had been holding his breath. He released it with a gradual sigh as the sound of vain chase faded into forested silence.

The door’s top-half cracked open, and the cook-errant smiled.

“I believe we can continue on our way,” he said. “Are you ready?”

“Yes, but ... what if they return and ... find us?” Sirenio Fajar asked.

“Allow me to lay your fears to rest,” Prosatio Silban said. “Come down here.” After his charge descended, the cook stepped up to the galleywagon door and locked both halves with a curious-looking silver key.

“Why did you do that?” Sirenio Fajar asked.

By way of answer, Prosatio Silban reached up and stroked Onward’s neck.

“Old friend,” he murmured, “we need to fly. Can you help us?”

The dray-beast responded with a rattling hoot, and Sirenio Fajar gasped.

Onward seemed to be melting. The buopoth’s torso lengthened and broadened, and all but two of its legs merged into enormous wings. Soon, a giant bird of no particular species was looking down at them with expectant and iridescent eyes.

“Come,” Prosatio Silban said. He mounted Onward’s shoulders and extended a hand to Sirenio Fajar. The now-former slave took it and climbed up to sit behind his rescuer.

“Where are we going?” he asked.

As the great and ersatz avian flapped its wings and lifted them above the treetops, the cook grinned.

“To your new life,” he said.




Recipe Thief
In which Our Hero seeks culinary justice.


SOME SECRETS ARE NOT MEANT to be shared – at least, not without consequences.

Prosatio Silban closed his eyes and inhaled the clean salt air of cosmopolitan Soharis-on-the-Rimless-Sea. I never tire of this city, he thought. Its ridiculously fresh seafood, its sharp-witted people, the music of its ceaseless custom – such a magnificent whole!

He opened his eyes and exhaled through a smile. His galleywagon was parked in Portside Market’s Wayfarers’ Quarter, between a fatberry-oil seller and a painter of decorative silks. Not far away was the city’s famous fish bazaar, that day’s prolific and splendorous catch displayed on sheets of magiked glacier-ice; an itinerant fortune-teller seated at a folding table was holding passersby spellbound with her verbose prognostications; hawkers assailed browsing shoppers with promises of mood- and life-changing merchandise. And best of all, he had just reaped the profitable benefit of hungry lunch patrons. Truly, it seemed the Flickering Gods were smiling upon him.

“Master Cook?” inquired a well-dressed young man with a cheerful, direct face. “A word, please?”

“Yes? I was about to close for the day, but as the Cook For Any Price I would be happy to meet your needs,” Prosatio Silban said, and gestured toward his painted menu-board. “With what may I please you?”

“Here is how you may please me,” said the man. “My name is Arico Untar, and I am an author of small cookery-books. Surely you’ve heard of me? Or any of my works, such as Leisurely Eggs Revisited? Dinner in Pastisi? Swift Meals for Slow Cooks?”

“I have not yet had the pleasure of encountering either your presence or your publications. What do you want of me?”

“Allow me to enlighten you. My forthcoming work will feature a collection of professional cooks’ everyday creations. Each recipe will be a favorite of said cooks, or at least, those for which they are best known.”

“How many have so far consented to your requests?”

“By the grace of Ampliora, Goddess of Anticipated Coin, you will be the first.”

Prosatio Silban frowned. “And how is that?” he asked.

“I only yesterday conceived the idea, and as I live here in Soharis, you were the first cook I happened upon. But I anticipate a vivid response.”

“‘Livid’ may be a more apt descriptor. Has it occurred to you that some may bristle at the idea of you disclosing to the reading public their own well-refined recipes?”

“Not at all. Why so?”

“Let me enlighten you. My recipes are my livelihood, and I would not feel comfortable doing anything which could stint my coin jar. If you share them with your readers, they may think twice about engaging my services.”

“So your answer is ‘no’?”

“It is. What I cook is my own, and I should like to keep it that way.”

“I am sorry to hear that.”

“I am sure you are. Thank you for your interest, though, and I do wish for you the best of luck in your future endeavors.”

“We shall see.” And with that, Arico Untar turned on his heel and walked away.

Prosatio Silban creased his brow as the author departed. Somehow, I don’t think I have seen the last of him, he thought. I hope I’m wrong.

* * *

Weeks later, Prosatio Silban was deploying his tables-and-chairs for the expected breakfast customers when he was accosted by a housewifely woman wearing a quizzical expression.

“Master Cook!” she said. “Please – let me ask you something.”

“And that is?” he responded.

“In your Humble Frugality recipe, do you soak the beans first? Or do you just put them on the fire to boil and then simmer?”

“I beg your pardon?”

“Here.” The woman produced from her half-loaded wicker basket a slim volume, opened it, and indicated a page with one stout finger. “This is your recipe, is it not?”

With foreboding, Prosatio Silban examined the text in question. “It is my recipe!” he exclaimed. “What is this book?”

“Stovetop Secrets,” she replied. “The latest from Arico Untar’s ready pen.”

The cook’s pulse hammered in his temples. That unremitting bastard, he thought. “May I have this copy for my perusal?” he asked.

“This one is mine,” the woman said with a territorial grimace. “Uggit’s Printery has more of them, but at the price of ten in copper, they are selling fast. Everybody seems to want one!”

Prosatio Silban thanked her. Without another word, he stowed his tables-and-chairs, locked his galleywagon door, and stalked toward the printer’s shop.

A small but noisy crowd had gotten there ahead of him. The cook managed to grab a copy of Stovetop Secrets from the diminishing stack and leaf through it. Sure enough, in addition to his own, here was Postila Zarn’s recipe for Bacon and Potato Greens; Spunio Dzahn’s famous Pounded Ox Heart; and so on for almost three dozen others. By the busy vendor’s counter sat Arico Untar, serenely signing autographs for those lucky few who had managed to acquire one of his books.

“What in the Eight Hells have you done?” demanded Prosatio Silban. “How dare you steal my recipe? And the others? Are they ill-gotten as well?”

The crowd’s hubbub hushed to a whisper as Arico Untar grinned. “I did not steal these recipes,” he said with deliberate care. “In fact, I paid fair money for them, and am now recouping my expenditures.”

“How’s that? You never paid me for anything!”

“Oh, but I did. I sent proxies to buy your wares and those of the others in this book. Then I hired a professional taster to deconstruct their ingredients and techniques. After that, it was a simple matter of duplication and honing. The results, as you can see, are as accurate as can otherwise be.”

Prosatio Silban’s first impulse was to grab the treacherous author by his tunic-collar and drag him into the lane. But he was not by nature an impulsive man; instead, he fixed Arico Untar with an ice-hot stare.

“You will pay for your crime,” he said in as serious a tone as he could muster. “I will inform your other victims, and we will take you to this city’s Court of Maklun. Let the god of judgment judge you.”

* * *

Maklun, Dealer of Long-Armed and Equitable Justice, was one of the Uulian Commonwell’s ten most fundamental and important deities. His specialized Sacreants were trained by deep study in the complex intricacies of Uulian law and bound by terrible oaths to uphold it. The Court was a squat black-and-white marble dome, windowless and austere. Inside, the capacious chamber was arranged with a plaintiff’s dock opposite a defendant’s bench, both encircled by a gallery. In the center, on a grey marble dais, seven seated Sacreants wore Rainbow Robes and impassive faces as Prosatio Silban, who had consented to act as the plaintiffs’ speaker, proclaimed their case in matter-of-fact fashion.

“We charge that Arico Untar did misappropriate the property of those gathered here today, without our knowledge or consent, in order to line his own pockets,” he said. “All we ask, O Eminences, is that he be restrained from publishing the recipes which we conceived and perfected over decades – no more, no less.”

The steel-eyed Principal Sacreant nodded. “And what says the defendant?”

“I say this,” Arico Untar said, with masterful innocence. “That I lawfully purchased the dishes in question. The dishes then became my property, to do with as I chose. And I chose to understand their making and share that understanding with the wider world. Can a man be held liable for indulging his curiosity?”

The collected cooks rumbled their disapproval, and the Principal Sacreant banged the small gong before him. “We will have no unrestraint here,” he said. “Do the defendants dispute the facts as presented?”

“No, Eminence,” Prosatio Silban replied. “Only the defendant’s interpretation. Would he say the same about a rare work of art, if he purchased that with the intention of copying and claiming as his own?”

“Your food is not ‘a rare work of art,’” countered Arico Untar. “It is purchasable anytime by anyone, and for the price of less than six in copper. You might just as well say the gods-created ingredients are your property!”

“We have heard claim and counterclaim, opinion and its opposite, and that will be enough for us to issue a ruling,” said the Principal Sacreant. “We will now deliberate.” At that, the divine intermediaries arose and exchanged silent glances accented by expressive facial gestures.

“You won’t win,” one of the cooks whispered to the alleged recipe-thief. “You can’t win.”

“We shall see,” Arico Untar whispered back through a self-satisfied smirk. “And that, soon.”

Minutes ticked by on Soharis’ nearby clock-tower. After a final round of pointed looks, the Sacreants reseated themselves.

“We have made our decision,” said the Principal Sacreant. “In the matter of Soharis’ Aggrieved Cooks v. Arico Untar, we find for the defendant.”

“Aha!” cried the defendant.

“WHAT?!” chorused the incredulous cooks.

“Once its price has been lawfully paid, a dish is no longer the property of the one who created it, and the one who purchased it may do as they will,” continued the Principal Sacreant. “This matter has been settled in accord with the All-Decider’s will. You are now all dismissed; let us hear the next case.”

“I can’t believe it,” one of the plaintiffs muttered, rubbing her forehead. “I can’t.”

“I can,” Arico Untar said, and his smirk grew more intense. He rose from the defendants’ bench and, chortling, made his exit.

A shocked silence prevailed among the dejected plaintiffs as they filed out of the Court-chamber, a silence broken by the impact of Prosatio Silban’s fist into his open hand. “The question, my colleagues, is this,” he said, “What are we to do next?”

The answer, of course, was both elegant and bold.

“A strike?” exclaimed Adendo Malaz, famed restaurateur of Soharis’ acclaimed Whispering Eagle.

“All of us?” asked Buctor Dyarra, taverner of the city’s Arrow and Wheel.

“For how long?” queried Phillia Torl, house-chef to the wealthy shipwright Domadius Vorat.

“Yes. A strike,” Prosatio Silban replied in turn. “By all of us. For as long as it takes the Sacreants to see reason.”

“But they speak for the god of judgment Himself,” countered Pyrella Zoon, a street-peddler of skewered offal-sausages. “One cannot fight a god!”

“No,” the cook-errant replied. “But we can fight his representatives’ injustice. An attack on one of our livelihoods is an attack on everyone’s. We will rally the affected cooks, and involve the Refectionists’ Guild from epicurean Pormaris if need be. The Sacreants are wrong. And they must be made aware of it.”

* * *

Two days later, the sizable throng of wronged cooks assembled outside the Court. Some held homemade placards – Down with Arico Untar, Support Your Local Chefs, that sort of thing – and all chanted, “Hear us! Hear us! Hear us!”

The Court’s double iron doors swung open with slow graveness, and a diminutive figure in Rainbow Robe appeared. “What is this about?” she demanded.

“This is about a desecration of the law!” Prosatio Silban cried with righteous ire. “This is about injustice in the halls where justice is meted! You have done the cooks of Soharis a painful disservice, and we are here to lodge an appeal – and an ultimatum!”

“Do you threaten a servant of the Flickering Gods?” countered the Sacreant.

“Not at all. But Maklun has a Consort to Whom He often listens, and Who on occasion tempers His strict justice with Her kind mercy. In Her name, I make this petition: ‘O Delolia, Goddess of Fair and Trustful Clemency, hear our plea and grant our boon. Do not allow base damages to be done to Your children, nor wrongdoers to prosper by the honest labors of others. Whisper in the ear of Your holy mate and counterpart, Maklun the All-Decider, that His decision here take into account and be balanced by Your most gracious aspect. In return, we will publicize Your kindness and intervention wherever justice-seekers gather in Your name.HH This I affirm.’”

“This we all affirm!” shouted the cooks.

The other six Sacreants, having emerged from within the Court, traded expressions ranging from mild bewilderment to extreme perplexity. “I don’t suppose we can ignore a sincere petition,” said one at last.

“We can if it won’t work,” said another. “Once the All-Decider has decided, He has decided. This ‘appeal’ will not change that.”

“But it did follow the correct forms,” said a third. “And the very basis of law has been elsewhere stated as, ‘The forms must be obeyed.’”

“Do we have time to waste on such pointless foolishness?” asked a fourth. “There are many other cases pending, and they concern more important matters.”

The fifth turned to the Principal Sacreant. “It is your voice which sets both precedent and procedure,” she said. “You must decide whether or not we again take up this case – and if so, how.”

The Principal Sacreant frowned, then sighed. “Despite my personal misgivings, the plaintiffs have invoked their right to appeal – obscure though it may be,” he pronounced. “Very well. We will take this matter under advisement, and summon the defendant to hear and inform his side of the case.”

“That is all we ask,” said Prosatio Silban, and bowed.

The following day, the cook-errant was back in the plaintiffs’ dock, with his colleagues in the surrounding gallery; the Sacreants took their seats on the dais; and Arico Untar again occupied the defendants’ bench.

“What is it now?” he asked with a defiant sneer. “Another pathetic attempt to badger me for a trumped-up crime?”

“Not at all,” replied Prosatio Silban. “Rather, a final effort to see Maklun’s graces fall upon the correct party.”

“We shall see.”

“This appellate proceeding will now come to order,” announced the Principal Sacreant, giving the gong a soft bang. “Does the plaintiff have else to say?”

“Only this,” said the cook-errant. “We do not dispute that the defendant made equitable purchases of our goods and services. But we do dispute that he can do with them as he wills without further compensation to their creators.”

“My answer is as before,” said Arico Untar. “The ‘goods and services’ are now mine. And it is no one else’s business what I do with them.”

“The parties having been heard, we will now render a final decision, from which no further appeal may be filed,” said the Principal Sacreant. The Sacreants arose, and as before, made meaningful looks at each other.

The clock-tower ticked.

A fly buzzed about the gallery.

Prosatio Silban cleared his throat.

Arico Untar looked bored.

After a final round of glances, the Sacreants took their seats.
 
“On appeal, we find that the plaintiffs’ case has merit which went unrecognized during their first action,” said the Principal Sacreant. “Given further consideration, we still hold that the purchaser may indeed do as he will with his purchase –”

“Aha!” cried Arico Untar.

“— but he may not so do if that will is to profit without recompense to his purchase’s creator.”

“Ah-what?” Arico Untar gasped.

“Such an action is hereby ruled unlawful,” continued the Principal Sacreant. “We direct that Arico Untar immediately cease his publication of Stovetop Secrets, and divide its accumulated proceeds among those who initiated this complaint. In addition, we further decree that he procure a feather-pillow and bring it into this city’s Central Square. He shall then rip it open and scatter its contents to the six winds.”

“Toward what end?” asked the nonplused defendant.

“Toward this: that if or when you collect the scattered feathers – all of them! – only then will you have fully undone the damage your book has done to these cooks’ livelihoods. You are all now dismissed; let us hear the next case.”

The two parties regarded each other in silence: the cooks with satisfaction, the author with apprehension. Prosatio Silban broke the uneasy quiet.

“If you’ll excuse me,” he told Arico Untar, “I shall fetch you a pillow.”




Tourist Trap
In which Our Hero runs afoul of avaricious villagers.


MOST DEVOTEES OF HOPMON, GOD of the Ever-Filling Purse, were honest souls. However, woe betide any who encountered their seeming opposites.

Prosatio Silban was sweaty, thirsty, weary, sore, and famished. The dust of the ostensibly endless road filled every visible wrinkle and crevice on both him and his dray-beast, and he longed to stop for refreshment. The pair were making their hot and uncomfortable way through a forbidding and sparsely populated part of the Uulian Commonwell’s northwestern periphery. Dry grass and scattered stone-scrub filled the eye, the random shrieks of carrion birds filled the ear, and conventional travelers’ wisdom held that halting there was ill-advised at best.

All I want is something wet for my buopoth and myself, the cook thought. A momentary pause wouldn’t hurt anything. Would it?

His fingers twitched the plaited yak-hair reins, and Onward came to a swift and grateful standstill. Prosatio Silban stood up from the driver’s bench and stretched sitting-stiffened legs. “Let’s get you some water, boy,” he croaked, and descended the galleywagon’s steps.

“Did you say, ‘water?’” asked a voice.

The beefy cook blinked road-dusty eyes in surprise and disbelief. Before him stood a young woman in the rough-cut tunic and skirts typical of the Commonwell’s more rustic classes. She dangled a brimming wooden bucket from one hand and a tin cup from the other.

“I have what you need,” she continued. “Cold, refreshing and satisfying – all that’s wanted on a day like this. And a mere two in copper for all that you and your animal can drink.”

“I have my own water, thank you,” Prosatio Silban said. “It’s in a cask slung on the rear of my vehicle, and all I need do is turn the spigot.”

“Ah, but your cask has been beaten about all day by this unrelenting sunshine,” the woman countered, and raised her bucket. “This is fresh-drawn from the wells of Porthunis, Lord of Storms and Streams, originating deep within the cool unlit earth. Yours cannot compare.”

The cook smiled. “Perhaps you’re right. Two in copper did you say?”

“For the water, yes. Plus one for use of the cup.”

“A bit steep, but worth it. Three it is then.” Prosatio Silban fished in his coin pouch for the appropriate sum, then handed it over. “Thank you.”

“No, thank you,” said the water-bearer, depositing the coins into her own pouch.

The cook dipped the cup into the bucket, lifted it to his lips, then lowered it. “Please – first water my buopoth,” he said.

“Of course. That will be three in copper.”

“Another three?”

“At least. He looks to me like a deep drinker.”

“As you say.”

The woman jingled into her pouch the additional coins; she produced another, larger bucket from behind a convenient rock and saw to Onward’s needs.

Prosatio Silban sipped from the condensation-bedewed cup. It is better than what would have come from my own cask, he thought. I suppose it’s good to have stopped here, after all. “Where did you come from?” he asked. “Is there a village nearby?”

“Fallgather. It’s on few maps and fewer minds, but the inn –the Arrow and Wheel – is unparalleled for the quality of its fare.”

“Well. Thank you for your water and advice. It would be nice to eat someone else’s cooking for a change. What is the shortest route?”

* * *

Prosatio Silban had to admit – it was the best crawfish-beer stew he'd ever tasted. It was also the most expensive, which he discovered after the meal was eaten and the bill presented.

“Two in silver for a small plate of stew, an afterthought of olive-cheese bread, and a swallow of white duliac?” he exclaimed. “How can you demand so much and sleep well in the night, assuming you do so?”

“If you cannot afford it, sir,” the innkeeper said in a soft, measured voice, “I must needs complain to our arbiter and let her decide the cost. We are trying to stay in business during unprecedented times.”

The cook grumbled to himself and placed the contested price in the innkeeper’s waiting hand. “My compliments to the chef,” he said without warmth, and stood up from the table.

Outside, Fallgather’s general air of dilapidation further depressed his spirit. Flatrock foundations by the rushing creek supported a charred tangle of tumbledown timbers. The other visible buildings – a half-dozen or so of houses, and the inn itself – seemed one good wind-gust away from toppling, and a handful of listless sheep browsed the browning village common. Still thinking in general aspersions, the cook-errant climbed up and onto the driver’s bench.

“Sir? Sir! A moment please, sir,” came a voice to his lower left.

Prosatio Silban cast a peremptory glance at the official-looking youth accosting him. “Yes?” he asked with disdain.

“I am sorry, sir, but I must request from you the stopped-conveyance fee.”

“The what?”

“Your conveyance has been stopped here for more than a quarter-hour. We have a strict law in Fallgather concerning all vehicles parked in our streets and obstructing traffic. Their drivers are charged ten in copper for each fourth-portion of an hour. You now owe double that amount, or if it’s more convenient for you, its equivalent: one in silver.”

“This is lunacy! I was at your inn, eating an overpriced meal. And in case it escaped your notice, there are no other vehicles about to cause traffic, or even anyone at all other than ourselves. Perhaps they have all been frightened off by your village’s institutional avarice?”

“I do not make the laws, sir, although I do enforce them. Or would you prefer to speak with our arbiter?”

Prosatio Silban sighed. “Do you know, I think I would,” he said. “Someone must protest this vile down-shaking of visitors, and I am in the right temper to do so.”

“You will have to wait, sir,” said the youth. “Ours is a circuit-arbiter whose rounds won’t bring her here until tomorrow after lunch. If you do wait here, you will be subject to an overnight vehicular lodging fee plus what for your stopped conveyance. That is, unless you wish to patronize the inn, in which case –”

“Enough! Give me the total reckoning, and I will pay it. I will lodge in my galleywagon, eating my own food, on your village’s outskirt, free from monetary distraction.”

“Very well. There will be an additional fee, of course, in part due to my having to include your interests in my nightly rounds. I reckon the total to be” – here he scratched his nose and pondered – “no less than six in silver.”

“Six in silver?! Are you mad?”

“No, sir. I am but the village sentinel.”

“Oh, very well.” Prosatio Silban dug into his coin-pouch and counted out his remaining resources. “Three, four, five ... five. Five is all I have. Will you take for the balance a promissory note or an in-kind barter?”

“No, sir. If you cannot meet your fiscal obligation, I must detain you for incurring unpaid fines, and since you have no more money, for general vagrancy. And of course, I must also confiscate your vehicle and beast.”

“!!!?”

The youth produced a cudgel and gestured suggestively. “The arbiter will decide the most useful way you will work off your debt. If you’ll come with me, sir?”

* * *

The jail, a one-story burnt-brick structure behind the inn, was Fallgather’s sole well-kept edifice. Its small size and immaculate cleanliness bespoke a low tenancy, an impression confirmed – after the sentinel and his prisoner had entered – by a single large cell. One of the cell’s two bunks was occupied by a supine man of about Prosatio Silban’s own middle-years, who regarded him through the bars with patient curiosity.

At least I won’t be deprived of company, the cook thought. Another ‘vagrant?’

The youth unlocked the cell door and indicated with his cudgel. Prosatio Silban stepped inside, then jumped as the door closed behind him with an iron clang of finality.

“Here you are, sir,” the youth said. “That is, until the arbiter arrives tomorrow. A modest break-fast will be served at first light. Good day.” With that, he took his leave.

The sudden silence was broken by the other occupant’s dry chuckle. “Public drunkenness,” the man said with a grin, and sat up. “What brings you here?”

“Vagrancy. My needs apparently exceed my resources,” Prosatio Silban replied with a glum expression. “I have never seen, or even heard of, such depredation! And where are the other villagers?”

“Do not judge the residents too harshly. They have good reason for their apparent greed, and it is related to the population’s absence.”

“I cannot imagine how anyone can justify such lavish costs for so little in return.”

“Believe me, it is not by choice. They are as poor as you or I.”

“You speak in riddles, friend.”

“Then I shall speak with a straighter tongue. A flour-explosion at the creekside mill destroyed that building and the adjacent library, taking from us the miller and his wife who lived in and operated them. With their death, we lost our staple foods and communal memory. We are simple farmers with no builders’ aptitude to speak of, nor could we afford to engage those who had any. So our population is off soliciting for carpenters, and taking the odd job or three in order to pay them. Now do you see why things are as they are?”

Prosatio Silban was silent for long moments. I have never heard a sadder tale of woe, he thought. There must be something I can do for them. But what? He thanked his cellmate, lay down on the other straw mattress, and drifted into a fitful though pensive sleep.

* * *

“Case number 47,” announced the official-looking young man. “A vagrant who cannot pay for his incurred fine’s balance of one in silver.”

The sentinel, arbiter, and Prosatio Silban were sitting at a broad table in the Arrow and Wheel’s otherwise empty great-room. The arbiter wore the Rainbow Robe of a Sacreant; this one devoted to the service of Maklun the All-Decider, Dealer of Equitable and Long-Armed Justice. Her hairless brow creased as she measured the cook with unrevealing eyes.

“What account do you make of yourself?” she asked.

“This youth has told my account with accuracy and concision,” Prosatio Silban replied in his most respectful voice. “I do not gainsay him.”

“Very well. You are a strapping, if somewhat aged, man,” the arbiter said. “The court rules thus: you will work out your debt of one in silver, plus one for penalty’s sake. Have you any construction skills?”

“I am known as the Cook For Any Price, and have practiced that trade since more than twenty-five ago, the Year of the Moons-Lit Oak. I travel throughout the Commonwell and Exilic Lands in search of hungry people to feed. In short – I construct meals.”

The Sacreant raised an eyebrow. “The court knows you by repute, though not by acquaintance or sight.”

Prosatio Silban nodded. “I am honored to be so recognized. May I offer to the court an alternative sentence?”

* * *

The Arrow-and-Wheel’s kitchen was hot, and not only from its blazing hearth and cook-stoves. A sultry wind blowing in through the open windows was doing its best to braise the Cook For Any Price and his scullions in their own sweat.

“Another order of citrus-beef noodles, this for the seventh table,” a serving-maid shouted to Prosatio Silban.

“Right away,” he replied, and blotted his brow before shaking a skillet filled with quick-frying vegetables.

From one corner of the stifling kitchen the innkeeper watched with undisguised appreciation. “What made you think to invite the surrounding villages, and auction off a reasonably priced feast to help us raise money for the new buildings?”

The cook smiled. “It is in my nature to aid and to serve. Trading on my reputation seemed the obvious thing to do.”

“And charging one in copper to let the children pet your buopoth?”

“He enjoys it,” Prosatio Silban said, his smile widening. “And besides – for a cause like this, no price is too small.”




Success Victim
In which Our Hero witnesses a consequence of fame.


AS THE TALL MAN TOTTERED toward Prosatio Silban’s galleywagon, which that afternoon was set up in the market at the sprawling village of Longshadow, the Cook For Any Price was about to stow his tables-and-chairs. After one look at the approaching figure, however, he thought better of it and fixed on his face his most professional smile.

“With what may I please you?” he asked.

“You may take me with you when you go,” came the quavering reply.

Prosatio Silban raised one eyebrow. “I beg your pardon?”

“You do not know me, do you?”

“Not yet, no.”

“Then allow me to right that sociable wrong. I am Pothus Amazar, also known as ‘The One-Dish Culinarian.’”

The baffled cook-errant shook his head. “My apologies, but I still don’t ...”

The man sighed. Everything about him radiated shabby gentility: his tailored tunic and kneebreeches, his stooped posture, even his weary expression. “Then I am pleased to know you,” he continued. “I thought by now everyone had heard of me, and not only in these environs. It is a refreshing change.”

“From?”

Pothus Amazar sighed again. “My tale begins some years ago, and, at present, is still being written by the All-Limiter’s stark hand,” he said. “In my youth, I had the poor fortune – which I then thought was a gift! – to excel at cookery. One dish in particular struck my customers’ fancy: a dish which had until then never been eaten, or even conceived before I brought it into this world through artfulness and diligence. I made it the bedrock of my repertoire, and was happy to recreate it by request at every opportunity.
 
“Time went by, and I became well-established in my own little world. But when I tried to innovate other ingredients, flavors, and textures, I was rebuffed by my fickle public – who only wanted to dine on my signature dish. Try though I might to demur, my efforts fell on deaf ears and dull palates. ‘Bring us that!’ was the only refrain I heard, and the only praise I received. Thus I ask – no, I beg! – that you let me escape with you. I have amassed much coin but no transportational resources. Perhaps somewhere else will be more accommodating to my inventiveness – or at least let me sink into sweet and long-sought anonymity.”

Prosatio Silban bit his lower lip. I can really feel for this man, he thought. How can I say no? He was about to extend a welcoming hand when a small crowd appeared, babbling a battery of protests: “Where are you going?” “Who will feed us?” “How could you?” “You can’t leave!” “Think of your customers!” “Don’t go! Don’t go!”

Their words became actions as they laid hold of the hapless chef and hauled him away down Longshadow’s main street, his eyes imploring his would-be rescuer. The last thing Prosatio Silban heard was a muffled “Help meee!” as Pothus Amazar was dragged round a corner and out of sight.

By the All-Mother! a horrified and helpless Prosatio Silban thought, shaking his head. I suppose there really can be too much of a good reputation.




Holy Terror
In which Our Hero goes a-questing.


THE FIRST THING TO KNOW about getting along in basalt-wrought Zug Ululat is that you must never, under any circumstances, mention the howling.

Prosatio Silban knew this. And yet, even the raucous singing around the bright braziers in the balmy spring evening could not dispel the chill in his soul.

The howling rolled down at random intervals of night and day, faint but distinct, from the far summits of the looming Blacktooth Mountains. Their jagged dark mass stretched north for many days’ zebra-ride like a frozen and unbroken wave, dividing the fog-shadowed Valley of Silence to the east from the grass-thick Emerald Incessance to the west. When the early Uulians, Prosatio Silban’s centuried ancestors, had first encountered this part of the Exilic Lands they found basalt-slab structures untenanted even by weed or vermin. They also found an extensive system of tamped-earth roads connecting still-exploitable quarries of basalt, obsidian, and other igneous treasures. The finders moved in, and grew rich as cutters and exporters of stone.

But few born here care to stay, Prosatio Silban reflected. I suppose it’s more than the howling. After all, who wants to live the short, hard life of a quarrier?

“... And that’s the way the doodling-bug works!” sang the boozy gang of customers, finishing their dozenth boisterous tune of the past hour. “More drink!” called one in an ale-cheery voice. The tavern’s bone-weary serving wench was greeted by lusty laughter as she lugged a foaming earthenware pitcher outside to their broad basalt table.

At the hot grill under the jutting eaves of Fools’ Leap, Prosatio Silban frowned. It wasn’t that he disliked drinking-songs – he himself had a small repertoire of same, appropriate for different occasions and audiences – but that he had been stuck manning the open-air kitchen for the past three days with little to show for it but a grease-stained green apron. If I don’t earn some serious coin, and soon, I won’t even be able to afford my dray-beast’s fatberry-cakes, he thought. No dray-beast, no galleywagon. No galleywagon, no end to this drudgery.

He caught his breath. An imposing pair of patrons had just taken a seat at one of the smaller outside tables. The taller one was a muscular man with deep-blue skin but sharp Uulian facial features, wearing a two-handed sword in a dorsal scabbard over a long black hauberk. His female companion had the lithe, wiry build and hard-leather cuirass and bracers of an Azon seafarer; she was armed with longbow and rapier. Both were grim-eyed with guarded impassivity, and each set down with relieved sighs a well-encumbered rucksack.

Oho, thought the cook. He put down the grill-tongs, wiped his hands on his apron, and approached their table.

“Never seen anyone kill an ogre with one heart-piercing thrust,” the blue-skinned man was saying. The woman smiled without mirth. “Economy in all things,” she said. Then, turning to the cook: “Two glasses of your cheapest spirits.”

“You are far from the sea, are you not?” the cook asked.

“What of it?”

“Nothing at all, save that you both are conspicuous among these roistering drunkards. If I may introduce myself – Prosatio Silban, the Cook For Any Price.”

She narrowed one eye. “Garandala Ogrebane. This is Severinus.”

The cook bowed, and they nodded in turn.

“’Cook For Any Price,’ eh?” asked Severinus. “What business do you have with us?”

“Adventurers are not common in these parts.” Prosatio Silban lowered his voice. “It’s the howling, is it not?”

Severinus glanced at Garandala, then fixed an inscrutable gaze on the cook. “What do you know of it?” he asked.

“That the locals pretend not to be bothered by it. Some say that the howling originates from the throat of some fiendish monster – a monster guarding a fabulous, if indeterminate, treasure. Others say the Howler offers instead a slow and painful death to the unwise visitor. Not having been such a one, I cannot say for certain ... at least, not having been one yet.”

A pregnant silence fell, punctured at last by Garandala’s humorless laughter. “I suppose you want some company, with whom you could see for yourself?” she asked.

“I would not think of doing so alone. But I have no ties to this village, and neither would I bring myself to say ‘no’ to a daring quest. I can cook, of course, and I know more than a bit of the art of healing. I also have a galleywagon which would obviate a footsore uphill journey.  I would ask only a small share in whatever treasure we may find – just enough to get me back to civilization. The rest would be yours.”

The newcomers exchanged brief looks. “Done,” they said in unison.

“When shall we leave?” asked Severinus.

“If you could advance to me the cost of a bag of fatberry-cakes,” said Prosatio Silban with a wry grin, “we should leave at first light tomorrow. Darkness, I think, does not bode well for an enterprise of this sort.”

* * *

The howling was louder than it had been in the village. Prosatio Silban’s bright-painted galleywagon was an incongruous contrast to the surrounding slopes and fields of black basalt and jagged obsidian boulders. The vehicle made its slow way up the ancient switchback quarry-road, with the cook on the driver’s bench and his new acquaintances peering out of the galleywagon’s open upper door-half behind him.

“How much longer do you suppose this road is?” the cook shouted over his shoulder.

Garandala consulted a much-creased parchment covered with spidery diagrams. “According to this, we still have at least a dayride to go,” she said.

“I imagine the winds will continue to increase,” added Severinus. “We’re facing the brunt of them, and should more so as we near our journey’s end.”

As described by the map, their destination lay just below one of the Blacktooth Range’s more conspicuous peaks. The document was old, and in parts illegible, but seemed to indicate some type of structure at the sinuous road’s upper terminus – far past the reclaimed quarries. The wind wasn’t all that was increasing; the higher they went, the louder came the howling. Now it had a choral quality that hadn’t been evident from lower elevations, as though voiced by more than one throat, and the rare intermittent quiet was accented by what sounded like the whining of an enormous dog eager to slip its chain.

The hours of ascent crawled by. Prosatio Silban amused himself by trying to gaze as far west as he could, hoping to glimpse his occasional abode, the great island-city of epicurean Pormaris. Below, and spreading almost to the haze-bounded horizon, was the vast green swath of the Emerald Incessance – home to Xao indigenes and Uulian ne’er-do-wells.

The cook straightened in his seat. “Look!” he shouted, pointing uphill.

His companions followed his finger. Circular holes of all sizes lay scattered across the black basalt field. As the galleywagon breasted the nearest one, the cook reined his nervous dray-beast to a halt. The two-cubit-wide hole bore precise edges, as though it had been drilled. The howling had grown quite shrill – and was, in part, emanating from the hole.

“By the sustaining teats of the All-Mother!” shouted Prosatio Silban. “What d’you make of that?”

In answer, Severinus and Garandala opened the galleywagon-door’s lower half and descended to the roadway, Severinus unsheathing his sword and Garandala nocking an arrow. She put a finger to her lips and advanced with stealth toward the hole, the swordsman right behind her, then peered into the cavity arrow-first.

Nothing revealed itself. The howling continued unabated. Severinus and Garandala traded wordless glances, and Severinus scratched the back of his bald head.

“I have an idea,” said Prosatio Silban. He too stepped down to the roadway, drawing off his blue woolen cloak, which he then spread over the opening.

The howling quieted. 

He removed the cloak.

The howling began anew.

“I think we have solved our mystery, or part of it,” the cook said with a smile. “Our fearsome Howler is naught but wind blowing across these holes. But – where did the holes come from?”

Severinus lowered his sword, and Garandala returned her arrow to its quiver. “And what of our destination?” she asked. “Could it, too, be misleading?”

“If the map serves, we are not too distant from the road’s end,” answered Severinus. He sheathed his weapon. “I suppose there is only one way to find out.”

* * *

Reaching the end of a trail often carries a sense of completion, satisfaction, and accomplishment. But that reached by the intrepid triplet was marked instead by perplexity. They gazed at the map, then at their surroundings. Then at the map.

“Where is the structure?” asked Garandala.

“According to this, we’re in it,” said Severinus.

“Could it be beneath us?” asked Prosatio Silban.

His question was not without merit. They had passed the last of the smaller holes a while ago, and were standing amongst holes a manheight or more in width. The howling was of a deeper pitch, but now that its origin had been discovered it had ceased to frighten or distract even the dray-beast. Mute with bewilderment, the trio wondered what to do next.

“Perhaps we should light a torch, toss it into one of these holes, and see how far down it falls,” suggested Severinus.

“Sounds about as good as any other damned thing,” replied Garandala, shedding her pack. She withdrew from the bundle beneath it one of several stout branches, their ends wrapped in fatberry oil-soaked cloth. In the lee of the galleywagon, the cook applied a lit match; the torch sputtered, then burned bright with a pinkish, lavender-scented flame.

“Would you like to do the honors?” she asked Severinus.

The swordsman accepted the blazing branch, and with a brief supplication to Pyolo, Goddess of Anticipatory Benefit, dropped it in the nearest hole.

Its glow receded without a sound into the black depths and faded from view.

The three adventurers looked at each other; Severinus with open curiosity, Prosatio Silban with mild alarm, and Garandala with naked disdain.

“Now what?” she scoffed. “Our treasure hunt has been fruitless – and this cook still owes us for a bag of fatberry-cakes.”

“True. But we still have a mystery on our hands,” Prosatio Silban said. “Where did these holes come from?”

“At this point, I do not care,” Garandala said. “I see no profit in the answer. Holes are holes, and if they pose no threat to us, I for one am happy to leave them be. If I wanted pointless labor, I could go back to my father’s mud farm.”

Severinus began to say something, though better of it, then thought better of that. “How if we told the villagers the truth about their fears?” he asked. “They might richly reward us for freeing them from their superstitions.”

Garandala’s eye glinted, and Prosatio Silban grinned. “Another day, another quest,” he said. “Who’s with me?”




Poet’s Souvenir
In which Our Hero gives a ride to one in need.


SOMETIMES, THE MOST RANDOM OF encounters can also be the most memorable.

Prosatio Silban was driving his galleywagon high on the switchback road between Mountainfoot and Overlook, and passing the time by whistling selections from Orcio Phatar’s famous musical suite, Grand Dreams Delayed. The early afternoon was as perfect as one could wish – warm sun, passing clouds, exquisite view, lazy drone of distant sapphire-bees – but the worried cook-errant paid scant attention.

If I don’t arrive by sunset, my would-be patron will not be pleased, he thought. His signal celebration is tomorrow evening, and I will need the entire day to buy provisions, prepare them, and see to the hundred-twenty details he specifies. If I must sleep on the road, as seems likely, I won’t have time to –

This fruitless fretting was interrupted by the sight of a young man standing by the cliffside edge of one of the road’s many curves. He was pale and slender, of medium height and unremarkable dress; his imploring eyes, well-stuffed travel-bag, and extended hand indicated obvious intent.

Prosatio Silban explored for a moment possible selfish futures, before the itchy and familiar weight of societal responsibility settled over his shoulders. With a resigned sigh, he twitched the plaited yak-hair reins for his dray-beast to halt.

“Where are you bound, traveler?” he called.

The man’s voice was shrill. “Just up the road! Literally!” he shouted. “I must be in the village of Overlook before sunset! Can you take me there?!”

“You are in luck – I too must reach the village by then. I’ll get you there with all speed.”

“Pardon?”

“You may ride with me.”

“Once again, please?”

“COME ALONG!”

“Thank you! You are most kind!” He hefted his bag and climbed on to the wide driver’s bench. “I am Delio Araxel! A poet by profession, and one whose riding-mount took an unfortunate and obstacular fall! I cannot pay you for this passage! But I can entertain you with stirring verses of my own invention!”

By Muraki, Goddess of Restrained Impatience! Prosatio Silban thought. Raising his voice, he said, “That will not be necessary. I am happy to take you for no cost.”

“Please! I insist!”

“Master Poet, you needn’t shout – I can perfectly hear you.”

“Was I shouting? My apologies. It is difficult to know; my ears are not yet matched to this altitude. Is this better?”

“Much.”

“Eh?”

“MUCH!”

“Thank you. And to whom am I indebted for this kindness?”

“I am Prosatio Silban, The Cook For Any Price. I will be creating Sir Indo Plazar’s sixtieth-birthday feast tomorrow, so making Overlook tonight will ensure that I am well-rested for the next day’s challenge.”

Delio Araxel grinned. “I too will require a good sleeping. I am to compose spontaneous free-verse suited to the host and guests, and cannot do that without prior rest. Rest. Rest? REST! Ah! that’s better.”

“I take it your ears have adjusted?”

“Quite. I thank you for your forbearance.”

“Not at all. In what sort of free-verse do you specialize?”

“It all depends upon the moment. Poetic inspiration is a fickle beast, but one I have learned to coax and bend to my satisfaction. I imagine it’s much the same affair for creativity in general, including matters culinary?”

“To a degree, that. A wise savant once told me that ‘Creativity is the genius of seeing old elements in new combinations.’”

“Yes!” Delio Araxel nodded vigorously. “‘There is no new thing / that has not been before / in its time. / It is a law / unbreakable / as true love.’”

“Is that one of yours?”

“A mere sample. Were I to extemporize your and my initial encounter, I might say, ah ... ‘Any man / bound by / his body / thinks his own constraints / apply to everyone.’”

“Indeed,” said Prosatio Silban, and frowned. “Why do you suppose that is?”

“An excellent question. I have always thought that since one’s perception of Life is so immediate and all-consuming, with no apparent contradiction, its universality is taken as read. Only a brave and capable person can step outside the ‘everyone-thinks-as-I-do-or-should’ cage.”

The cook raised an appraising eyebrow. “I can detect the fallacy in that line of thinking,” he said. “We are separate individuals, after all, with separate if overlapping experiences. But I admire your analysis and its conclusion. May I steal them for my later use?”

The poet swept a beneficent arm. “Consider it my gift to you.”

“Thank you. D’you think we will arrive in time?”

“We do share similar sensibilities,” replied his new friend. “I have no doubt that it will at least seem so.”




Awesome Spectacle
In which Our Hero reckons with What lies beneath.


DESPITE A FERVENT BELIEF IN those of the Flickering Gods he felt had not been sanitized into irrelevance, it had been long since Prosatio Silban had thought of Them as answering Their adherents' every prayer.

Not that this stopped him from asking, mind you. As the pithyism went: “Sometimes the answer to a prayer is ‘no’ – assuming there be any answer at all.” And though the beefy cook could perhaps rely over-much on the dicey art of divine intervention, even he had to admit that some prayers were more effective than others.

Take today, for example – a hectic morning in the populous village of Plum Dodge, where Prosatio Silban was doing his best to keep happy a near-endless line of customers. His two tables-and-chairs seated a total of six people at a time, the same number as the busy burners on his galleywagon’s fatberry-oil stove. It was an arrangement done a-purpose, and although the crowds were generally genial, they were also subject to the age-proven principle of There’s Always One.

“Master Cook! MASTER COOK!” shouted a petulant young man clad in the livery of a local noble. “I have been waiting here forever, and m’Lord Phatab Boleus is growing more hungry by the minute. Can you not hurry things along, at least for those carrying away meals?”

“I do beg your pardon,” replied the breathless Prosatio Silban. “I am moving with all the speed that my natural talents can provide, and I will serve you as soon as is possible. Meanwhile, I thank you for your gracious understanding.” He began to clear a just-vacated seating, but his not-soon-enough-to-be-patron was unmollified.

“Why can you not favor those of greater importance?” the young man persisted. “The needs of one who commands the public’s economic and social interests should take priority, and I –”

“By Melkyo, God of Orderly Fairness!” interjected the brawny woman in front of him, wearing manual-worker’s garb and an annoyed sneer. “Are not we of the laboring classes more important? It is our hands which keep the Commonwell alive and steady every day. Yet you do not see us trying to connive a more forward place in this queue. You should show more patience. Not to mention humility.”

While this was going on, the frantic cook gathered an armful of used servingware and trotted up the three steps to his galleywagon’s open door. Once inside, he closed his eyes and murmured, “O Ibelinia, Goddess of Small And Timely Favors, please – grant me the strength and endurance I need to survive what is surrounding me. In return, I shall quote Your kindnesses wherever and whenever appropriate. This I affirm.”

There came no apparent effect – no flash of insight, nor a disembodied voice, nor firm hand upon his shoulder – not that Prosatio Silban expected same, to be honest. Instead, he found himself more relaxed; his heartbeat and breathing slowed; his hands steadied; and he gave vent to a deep and grateful sigh.

Thank you, Ibelinia, he thought, and paused before returning to his stove-duties. Perhaps this is how prayer works – not by overt miracles, but by tapping into reserves one did not know one had. In fact, the Flickering Gods themselves may have no hand in these matters at all. How curious! I suppose this bears further contemplation and study. However, right now I have a hungry multitude to feed – and that with haste.

So it went until after lunch, when the mercantile flood had diminished to a trickle before stopping altogether. The cook-errant wiped with a damp cloth his tables-and-chairs and, one arm akimbo, surveyed Plum Dodge’s pastoral panorama: a tawny dog wagging its way down the street; a weary mother disciplining an unruly child; thick clouds skittering across the sun’s otherwise warming face; two happy drunks staggering by, arm-in-arm; a wares-hawker engaging in his ancient trade; a stream-turned mill wheel creaking a musical counterpoint to bright birds’ song.

After such a vigorous morning and noon, I think I can afford a well-earned break, he thought with a smile. Wait – who is this?

A tall, tatters-wrapped figure was shambling toward him with unsteady gait, preceded by an all-pervading scent of something indefinable-yet-intoxicating. Before the cook could gather his wits, the apparition had taken a seat and regarded him with profound expectation in its deep black eyes.

A mysterious feeling of utter significance touched Prosatio Silban’s soul, as though whatever he next said or did would be forever etched into the fixed history of the universe-at-large. “With what may I please you?” he heard himself say.

“The Flickering Gods are more overt than you know,” the figure pronounced in a low and unplaceably familiar voice. “Attend.”

And with those simple words, the sun went black.

Heartbeat pounding in his ears, Prosatio Silban clutched the table-wipe to his breast and moaned in sudden terror. Something wrong had been done to the world, in a way that he could neither understand nor describe; everything visible had somehow reversed itself. Each color was now its opposite, with light and darkness trading places into the bargain.
 
“See,” said the transposed figure.

Beneath the surface of the mutated sight-salad flashed phantasmal forms; vague, but clear enough to the cook-errant’s crossed senses. Under the tawny dog flashed an image of Thiani, Goddess of Exuberant Fauna. The weary mother overlaid Edid, God of Parental Corrections. The sun-blocking clouds were Gwaven, Goddess of Intermittent Meteorology. The drunks manifested Weamon, God of Inebriated Camaraderie. The hawker bore the imprint of Broedalla, Goddess of Lucrative Attraction. And the mill-wheel spun courtesy of Glaevis, God of Servile Mechanics. All were outlined and connected by glimmering edges whose nature was not quite discernible to the awe-filled cook.

“Cast not your gaze between,” the figure said.

Like flame-drawn moths, Prosatio Silban’s eyes were dragged against his will to the subject of his warning. Although he still couldn’t quite make it out, he knew with crystal clarity that he was seeing the eternal ballet of Galien the All-Mother and Angrim the All-Limiter.

‘Existence is merely the unending dance between Life and Time,’ he quoted to himself, and though he tried to wrench away his eyes, his head was as if gripped in a cosmic vise. Even his eyelids were frozen open. His heart beat even louder, and over its maddening thump-thump-thump he began to hear himself scream.

I will be lost – forever lost, he thought in a panic. O Galien, what shall I do now? Save me, I beg of You! Do not forsake Your unwitting child!

As his eyes were pulling from their sockets, a woman’s strong but soothing voice intruded on the fearsome vision.

“Enter,” she said.

His heartbeat steadied, then slowed.

“The,” said a man in calming yet powerful tones.

The pressure on the cook’s eyes lessened.

“Dance,” came the hint of a whisper.

A wordless calm engulfed Prosatio Silban, immediate and ecstatic, of which Life and Time themselves were dynamic and interlocking facets. 

He inhaled a ragged breath, released a longer one, and closed his eyes with gratitude.

When he opened them, everything visible had been restored to its natural state: glowing yellow sun, spark-dappled stream, wordful marketgoers. Although he could still sense the Flickering Gods’ presence, he was no longer overwhelmed by it. He sighed, sighed again, and sought in vain the apparition whence his strange fantasy – if such it was – had commenced.

‘If you look into the gods, the gods look into you,’ he thought, and wrung the table-wipe into a dry knot before letting it drop with a grateful smile. That way can lie madness – but not, it seems, for me.




Next


“I’VE BEEN MEANING TO ASK you – what exactly is the Pure City of the Uulian afterlife?”

The question was posed to Prosatio Silban one day by an old friend hailing from the distant Pastori-lands. As the query was both genuine and innocent, the cook-errant took his respectful time before replying.

“You must know that the urban ideal is revered not only in the Commonwell’s Three Cities, but its Thousand Villages as well,” he said. “Civilization is the birthright of all Uulians no matter what their station, and what could more typify civilization than a great city with all its interlocking infrastructures?

“But a city is more than just buildings and their attendant features. Those who hope to dwell in the Pure City also long to have there what to call uniquely theirs, especially if that is lacking on this side of the grave. For what is an afterlife, really, but a desire for what one has either lost or been denied?”




Dire Straits
In which Our Hero endures a bad patch.


FROM WHERE DO YOU DRINK when your once-abundant spring dries up?

Prosatio Silban sighed, and – for the dozenth or so time – regarded his empty pantry, coldbox, and coin jar. I don’t imagine repeated examination is going to fill these, he thought. I’d better think of something productive, or they’ll not be filled again. How did I come to this?

His inner vision gazed back to when he first noticed the pending dearth of income and ingredients. This economic drought won’t last forever, he remembered thinking. By Hopmon the All-Provider, I have connections and opportunities aplenty. Something will turn up.

But nothing had, and drop by drop, his revenue stream dried to a trickle before stopping altogether. He had often enough skirted the edge of financial ruin without quite going over; now that plunge had become inescapable. He couldn’t even afford one blessed fatberry-cake to feed his faithful dray-beast.

The cook-errant gave vent to another sigh, this one with decisiveness. That’s the first order of business. And, it so happens, I know what to do about it.

* * *

“You want to work for me?” asked his favorite fatberry-oil vendor. “I’m used to you being a steady customer, not a desperate employee. You know that I am only in business to serve those who can’t be bothered to press their own fatberries, yes? It’s a convenience I sell, not a necessity.”

“I know,” Prosatio Silban said. “And for me, for now – for right now – it is a necessity. You needn’t pay me much coin, just one in copper for a daily bowl of blue rice or jaraanga beans, in addition to the cakes left from the pressings. If it weren’t for my buopoth ...” He trailed into sad silence.

The old woman in patched shift and skirt shrugged and offered a kind smile. “It is the most humble of occupations, but I suppose if you need to, you need to. You know how it’s done” – she lifted her chin toward the well-used press in the market-stall corner – “so you may begin whenever you like.”

It took the greater part of a vigorous four days, but Prosatio Silban managed to secure enough fatberry-cakes to feed Onward (sparingly!) for two weeks. That’s him taken care of, he thought with satisfaction. Now we’ll see about me.

* * *

The crowd in Pelvhi’s Chopping-House was enveloped in its usual boisterous roar. Hospitality workers from across epicurean Pormaris were relaxing, recharging, and talking shop as they commiserated regarding the challenge of serving the city’s hungry public. A majority wore the green apron of Refectionists’ Guild membership: the Commonwell’s symbol of and ticket to steady kitchen-work. Prosatio Silban was hoping to use his own for a once-again ride to self-sufficiency.

“What say, Pelvhi?” he asked the wiry proprietress behind the long bar at the great-room’s rear.

“I say many things,” she replied. “What would you like to hear?”

“That you either have employment for me, or can point me in its direction,” the cook said.

She pursed her lips in sympathy. “Sorry. At this season, jobs are scarce. You might try asking around in here, though.”

Prosatio Silban surveyed the assembled multitude and frowned. I scarce know where or how to begin, he thought. Many of these men and women have been competitors of mine at one time or another. I hope they won’t hold that against me.

He waded into the sea of cooks, chefs, waitstaff, restaurateurs, taverners, and innkeepers, drifting from table to table and mouthing variations on, “Good to see you, too! Yes, it is a fine evening! And – could you, or anyone you know, use someone who does what I do?”

At that question, his colleagues’ warm greetings turned to ice. One fellow professional went so far as to say what others had been telegraphing with stony eyes and closed faces: “Because you do what you do, many of us are unable to do what we do.”

The beefy cook was about to retreat in shamefaced despair when a young man – younger, it appeared, than the span of Prosatio Silban’s entire quarter-century cooking career – proffered an open palm. “I am Thardo Uzbik, the house-chef to Sir Calium Thujo, the renowned Pormaris textile merchant,” he said with a patronizing half-smirk. “Our kitchen can always use an ingredient-placer. The wage is modest, the work hard, the hours long, and you will start at daybreak tomorrow.”

“Thank you,” said the appreciative cook-errant, and shook his benefactor’s hand. “I’ll be there before daybreak.”

“Good,” the young man said. “One more thing?”

“Yes?”

“That green apron you’re wearing? It’s for cooks only – not preparers. Understood?”

At this statement, heads swiveled and conversation ceased.

“A job is a job, no matter how humble, and any job is better than none,” Prosatio Silban replied without hesitation. “You won’t regret this, I assure you.”

And I hope I won’t either, he thought.

* * *

A week later found the newly de-aproned cook entertaining the idea of murder, or at least, severe mayhem.

Prosatio Silban’s first twelve-hour shift had begun with cleaning three types of freshwater mollusks, followed by peeling an endless flow of crimson-flesh potatoes, and then chopping two manweights of sugar onions. That wasn’t in itself so bad, or in any way unexpected, but the situation was made worse by his new master’s constant harping and over-attentive nitpickery.

“More focus!” was a typical comment. So was “Make that dice smaller!” “I can’t believe you were paid for this!” “Larger dice! Larger dice!” and “How did you survive on your own, oldster?”

Through it all, Prosatio Silban kept a stoic smile plastered on his face, tending with aplomb to his duties while resisting the strong impulse to shove Thardo Uzbik’s head into the sausage-grinder’s hopper. In the safe domain of his thoughtscape, he gave free rein to dark flights of homicidal fancy; flights which grew darker with each grim, tedious hour.

Then, one day, dawn arrived.

Prosatio Silban was coring a mound of song-apples when Thardo Uzbik appeared at his side, white-faced and twitch-browed.

“Master Thardo?” the cook-errant prompted, his indifference masked by solicitousness. “Is there a problem?”
 
“Yes,” came the small-voiced reply. “I am ruined.”

“Why so?”

“Sir Calium Thujo has a new ladylove, and he wishes to accommodate in high style her refined tastes. He wants me to cook for her a lavish private meal – one that’s beyond my ability to conjure.”

Prosatio Silban concealed his sudden glee. “Oh?” he said with all the innocence of a new sunrise.

“Just look at this proposed menu!” He held up a large square of stiff vellum covered in spidery script. “I haven’t heard of any of these, and what’s more, their preparation alone seems to require more culinary competence than I can muster. By the sustaining teats of the All-Mother! What will I do?”

Prosatio Silban’s voice was brisk with confidence. “Let me see that menu,” he said, plucking the vellum from his master’s trembling grip. “Pickled squab-fruit to start. Roast tenderloin of oal in roget sauce, accompanied by glazed pine-nibs and desiccated hasperat.  And to finish, shallow-poached cloud pudding. Hmm. That’s not so difficult, for one with the proper experience. If you don’t have that experience, then what you do have is a problem.”

“You know these dishes?”

“Of course. Some have even been daily specials at my galleywagon.”

“Do you ... oh! Can you ... could you ... ah ... that is to say ...” stammered Thardo Uzbik.

“Are you asking what I think you’re asking?”

Thardo Uzbik’s face reddened. “Will you help me?”

“That depends.”

“On what?”

“On this. When I was in business for myself, my title was the Cook For Any Price. What price will you offer me now?”

“What do you want?”

“My wage here has indeed been modest. Please make it adequate, if not generous.”

“I would have to consult with Sir Calium ...”

“Before or after you confess to him your lack of skill?”

“Alright! Done.”

“Also, I would like to wear again the symbol of my chosen profession.”

“Also done. Do you require anything else?”
 
“Just three more things,” Prosatio Silban said. “Sharpen this knife, hand me those radishes, and stand well back.”

* * *

“You have saved my position, if not my entire career,” Thardo Uzbik said with thankful respect. “Sir Calium Thujo told me that he and his lady have never supped half so fine.”

“That is most pleasing to hear,” Prosatio Silban said. “As for me, if I may –”

“MASTER PROSATIO! What are you doing here?” came a deep and surprised bellow from across the kitchen. The voice’s owner, Sir Calium Thujo himself, stood in the doorway, a pleased if puzzled expression on his florid face.

“I have had financial difficulties, and your house-chef was kind enough to take me into your employ as an ingredient-placer,” Prosatio Silban said.

“An ingredient-placer? A cook of your caliber should be directing other cooks, not peeling tubers and dicing roots for them,” the merchant pronounced. “I had no idea you were wanting for coin! Would you like to make a standing arrangement as my new house-chef?”

Before Thardo Uzbik could splutter an objection, Prosatio Silban bowed. “Thank you, Sir Calium, for your gracious proposition. However, a talented individual is already serving you in that office – or will do, once he simmers more fully into the seasoned reduction-sauce of maturity. And with all due respect, my first loyalty has always been to the Commonwell’s many varied palates and gullets.”

“Too bad,” his patron said with mild disappointment. “At least let me underwrite a loan for your most basic needs, so that you may serve once again in that office. You’ll repay me, of course, but I know you – you’ll soon prosper.”

Prosatio Silban grinned. “Every cook has his price,” he said. “And you have just met mine.”




Curious Artifact
In which Our Hero makes good use of a found object.


MISTAKEN IDENTITY AND MISTAKEN IDENTIFICATION are two entirely different things – but both have the potential to spark unintended consequents.

Prosatio Silban was driving his galleywagon along one of the Uulian Commonwell’s little-known and lesser-used roads, not far from the city of epicurean Pormaris. The day was as beautiful as one could wish: sunny but comfortable, with the sort of tumbling clouds that beg to be watched with serenity by hillside-spread picnickers. The mercenary cook and his quaint lumbering dray-beast, Onward, were making good time, considering their travel was in no particular direction, when a sharp red spark glinted just ahead.

Onward hooted, with alarm as much as curiosity. “Easy, boy,” Prosatio Silban told the restive buopoth. He reined his companion to a halt and hopped down from the driver’s bench for a closer look.

The object was half-buried in the muddy roadside ditch. A souvenir of this glorious day, at least? the cook thought. He dug it out with minimal effort and inspected his find.

It was lighter than it looked, and about the size and shape of a shallow serving bowl, but with a cubit-long spike projecting from the center of its concavity. Both bowl and spike were composed of burnished white metal; the bowl’s bottom was mounted on a large, five-sided box of the same material. Colorful jewels on the box’s sides and one at the spike’s tip gave the whole a faux-elegant, almost vulgar look.

By Ghu the All-Crafter – what could this possibly be? Prosatio Silban thought. Well, whatever else it is, it’s now mine.

* * *

A month later, and after a thorough cleaning, the beefy cook had at last found a use for the whatever-else-it-was.

“Where did you find such an unusual oyster tray?” asked a well-dressed woman. “I have never seen one so unique.”

She was one of some two-dozen guests milling about the spacious dining room of Sir Neptero Dyarr, a lately wealthy if boorish gemstone merchant who had made his new home in one of Pormaris’ more posh neighborhoods. Tonight was his birthday buffet, and Prosatio Silban had been hired to mark the occasion with something appropriate (and expensive). The cook had called upon his most creative skills to craft various small-plates and finger-foods; the ice-packed “oyster tray,” and various other comestible presentations, were being proffered by wandering, gold-clad waitrons.

“I cannot say for certain,” Prosatio Silban demurred. “It is just one of those things one acquires over the course of a quarter-century’s travels in and around the Commonwell. But it holds the cold wonderfully, so there it is.”

“I am very struck by the decorative base,” said a heavy-set man. “What sort of jewels do you suppose these are?”

“I’m more innarested in the oysters,” interrupted Sir Neptero in a thick, drink-lubricated voice. “Those jewels look fake to me. Y’should use better quality things, Mas’r Cook. ‘Specially on my birthday! Eat up!” He seized the shucked mollusks, knocking the tray from the waitron’s grasp and onto the tessellated parquet.

The spiked serving-dish landed on its boxy base and emitted a sound like furious hornets. Its jewels lit up at random as an loud, all-surrounding hum slid from deep bass to high treble. With a dazzle of sparks, a woman materialized in the room’s center. She was of medium height with short, bristly white hair and large, wide-set grey eyes. Her slim build was clothed in a tight-fitting silver garment with bronze boots and a clunky ornamented belt.

“Tanis rem ezri zhazh qapla?” she sang in a rich soprano. Receiving no reply, she shook her head and manipulated her belt buckle. She repeated her question, but this time the buckle addressed the company in perfect Uulian: “Who ... summoned me? And why?”

No one answered. Some of the guests had fled when the oyster tray began buzzing, and those remaining gaped with incomprehension. Prosatio Silban, himself no stranger to strangeness, raised placating hands. “We are no threat to you,” he told the woman in a measured tone. “We only wish to talk.”

The visitor cocked her head at the cook and tapped her left ear, suspicion clouding her eyes. Sir Neptero spoke up. “A beau’ful woman,” he said, grabbing her arm. “I’s my birthday! Give us a kiss.”

In one fluid motion, the woman drew a small black tube from her belt and pointed it at her assailant. A red light lanced out and struck him square in his chest, and he disappeared with the faintest of crackles. All that remained were two footprints burned into the parquet.

The woman replaced her weapon, hefted the flashing service-dish, and fingered its base. Again came the rising hum and spark-shower, but when the sparks faded, the woman had vanished along with her curious artifact.

After a pause, the guests began an excited babble – “Did you see that?” “What do you suppose ...?” “That was magik! real magik!” “Where did they go?” – which soon became an ominous murmur in the cook’s direction.

Prosatio Silban surveyed the crowd’s uncongenial eyes. How do I get myself into these circumstances? he thought. More to the point – how can I get out of this one?

* * *

Alone and bundled against Pormaris’ night-chill, Prosatio Silban strode with dark ponderings through the empty streets to his waiting galleywagon, which was parked in the great island-city’s chief marketplace. Poor Sir Neptero, he thought. I cannot believe my eyes. But I cannot blame the woman.

The cook mounted the three galleywagon steps, unlocked the door, and stepped inside. He sighed, lit a fatberry-oil lamp – and caught his breath.

Standing next to the oyster-tray on the ornate braided rug was the woman who had ruined Sir Neptero’s party. She was gazing at Prosatio Silban with an inscrutable expression.

“Do not be ... afraid,” her belt buckle said. “I am not here ... to harm you.”

“Why are you here?” the cook asked. “And how did you get in?”

She indicated the machine at her feet, its jewels still blinking at random. “It is a ... tool, one which enables the swift passage through ... separations. It was lost, and I was ... tasked with its recovery. However, I did not expect to be mistreated ... and so acted by reflex.”

Prosatio Silban bowed. “Your ‘reflex’ was not without cause. It was a tragic reaction, but understandable. At least by me.”

The woman returned his bow. “You tried with grace to ... speak with me, which is why ... I am here now. What did you ... wish to say?”

“Are you an enchantress?”

A low beep sounded.

“My translator does not know ... that word,” she said. “I am a ... traveler.”

“From where?”

“No place you might ... recognize. It is both far and ... not far.”

“Do you always speak in riddles?”

“I am telling ... the truth as you would ... understand it.”

“Where is Sir Neptero?”

Another beep. The woman raised a quizzical eyebrow.

“The man who assaulted you,” Prosatio Silban clarified. “Where is he?”

“Gone.”

“Did he deserve to be, well, ‘gone?’ He made a mistake!”

“One he ... should not have ... made.”

“I agree. But he is an otherwise good man. The spirits in his glass went to his head, and he did a foolish thing.”

“On that ... we agree. In my ... world, such ... foolishness ... is a crime.”

“It is a crime here as well. But not one punished by death!”

“He is not ... dead.”

“Where did he go?”

“Where he ... belongs.”

“Can he return?”

A pause, then: 

“No.”

Prosatio Silban lowered his eyes and sighed.

“And now,” said his visitor’s belt buckle, “I ... must go to where I ... belong.”

Lifting her flashing device with one hand, she extended the other toward the perplexed cook. It held a gem-topped black box, which he received with trepidation.

“Kindness for ... kindness. In case you should ... wish to talk ... again.” She smiled, then fingered her device.

After the sparks had dimmed, Prosatio Silban examined the woman’s gift. The box was hand-sized, as heavy as a gold coin, and its gem looked like a dull ruby.

But somehow, he knew it wasn’t.




Fine Print
In which Our Hero is offered conditional employment.


THERE ARE FEW THINGS WORSE for dedicated professionals than enduring their own uselessness. Well, perhaps one or two ...

Prosatio Silban looked out through his galleywagon’s open doors and contemplated the heavy rain falling on Pormaris’ near-empty marketplace. Every summer tells the same story, he thought. The Season of Huddling drives away from the Commonwell’s markets everyone other than storm-braving scurriers – meaning anyone who would or even could take the time to patronize my portable business. Why do I bother to set out my menu-board? I need steady work, not dashed expectations.

In years past, the Cook For Any Price had managed to put aside ample funds for these rainy days. But this year had been more harsh than most. The inclement weather was partly to blame. A larger piece of it, however, was plain bad luck: a missed engagement here, a slow week there, added up to a money-jar containing more space than silver. O Hopmon the All-Haggler, Lord of the Ever-Full Purse, he implored silently. Have I failed You somehow? Have You no more blessings for me?

At that moment, a man appeared. He was dressed in an expensive-looking rubberized poncho, and wide-brimmed hat, both of which dripped as he consulted the cook’s menu board. Seeing Prosatio Silban’s hopeful gaze, he broke into a friendly smile.

“Master Cook!” he exclaimed with sincere warmth. “I am Sir Barbino Shezar. And I would have a word.”

“Of course,” replied the cook-errant. “With what may I please you?”

“With hearing my proposition. May I come up?”

“Please.”

Sir Barbino ascended the galleywagon’s three steps and grasped the cook’s outstretched hand. “What I propose may or may not be to your liking,” he said. “First, I must ask – how do you these days, in an economic sense?”

“I will be honest with you,” Prosatio Silban replied. “I have seen better days, and also years, and must soon resort to plundering my pantry for to keep myself alive. Why, may I ask, do you ask?”

“To the point: Have you ever considered working as a house-chef?”

“I have not, but at the moment, the offer is tempting,” Prosatio Silban said. “Exactly what are your terms?”

“A compensated two-week trial, during which you will become familiar with my household and its staff. After that, should matters so dictate, we can sign a fair contract. What say you?”

The cook pondered. This may mean the end of my freewheeling itinerancy, he thought, but perchance the start of a fresh life-chapter. On the one hand, I might miss the autonomy of the open road; on the other, I would be able to know from where my own next meal was coming.

“I accept,” he said. “Where, when, and how shall we begin?”

* * *

The attentive staff – all wearing polite smiles above clean white uniforms and aprons – chorused “Hello, Master Cook!” upon his entry. Each represented a component of Sir Barbino’s well-lubricated culinary machine: two assistant cooks, a scullery-man, pantry supervisor, dairy mistress, poultry-keeper, butcher, and kitchen secretary. The spotless, flagstone-floored kitchen was as vast as Prosatio Silban’s galleywagon was cozy. Its walls were festooned with cookware and knives of all descriptions, and three ovens and two stoves lent the room a warm radiance. The scullery was likewise generous, as were the near-overflowing pantry and buttery. Two adjacent wooden doors led to the chicken coop and slaughterhouse.

I could get lost in here, Prosatio Silban thought, and not in a bad way.

“This will be your domain,” Sir Darpino said. “I am not one for interfering with a man’s creative livelihood, so you would be free to improvise, to experiment, to cook whatever you wish thrice-daily for me and mine. All I ask is that it be delicious.”

“I may assure you of that,” Prosatio Silban said. “One can work wonders in such lavish surroundings. Now. Although the sun is hidden, the time is now a measured hour before its full height. May I begin my trial with an appropriate lunch?”

“I was hoping you would say that. There will be five of us, counting my wife and three children. I must warn you, though, that the children are somewhat challenging to please. They range in years from nine to four, with all the tastes peculiar to those ages.”

Prosatio Silban grinned. “Allow me to allay your concerns,” he said. “I shall make pungentine-and-tomato salads for you and your madam, and blended berry-and-groundnut sandwiches for the children. Will that please you?”

“Very much so,” said his employer. “I can’t wait to see – and taste – what you’ll be serving next.”

* * *

Two weeks, thirty-six meals, and an indeterminate number of child-snacks later, Prosatio Silban hummed a tuneless melody as he put the finishing touches on the family’s breakfast (mushroom-stuffed egg-pockets and spelt toast for Sir and Madam Barbino, and nutted porridge for their children) and sent it to the dining room. I suppose I’ll have to sell the galleywagon, he thought. Or perhaps I could put it in storage – I can now afford to! – but what will become of Onward? So many details!

He dusted his hands together as Sir Barbino approached. “You have done well,” his employer said. “This is yours.”

The proffered coin purse jingled as it changed hands. “Thank you,” said Prosatio Silban.

“You have earned it. We have never supped so well as we have these past twelve days. And now ...”

Sir Barbino presented a thick sheaf of rag-paper, each page bearing minuscule and numbered lines of script. “Here is your contract,” he said. “It is comprehensive, and spells out to the letter your duties and responsibilities. Take your time with it, but please complete it by tomorrow morning when your official employment begins.”

“Excuse me,” said the incredulous cook. “You wish for me to fill out this entire document? Are you serious?”

“Quite serious. It is important to set out everything just so, with no complicated contradictions. That way both parties can be aware of the expectations that bind them.”

“But is it necessary to be so particular? Work times to the minute? Rest times to the second? Hypothetical contingencies? Unlikely possibilities? If I may say, it seems more than a little ponderous.”

“That is what your predecessor said. In fact, that is one reason why he left.”

“I can understand that. I thank you for your kindness and your coin, for both of which I am very grateful, but I too must decline this position. You have paid me enough to survive for the rest of the season, and I would rather take my chances with whatever else Hopmon may dispose.”

Sir Barbino frowned. “You will not reconsider my offer?”

“Actually,” Prosatio Silban said, “I just did.”




Wicked Stage
In which Our Hero tries to dissuade a persistent playwright.


DESPITE ITS GENERAL ALLURE, IMMORTALITY isn’t necessarily suitable for everyone.

“To the point: You shall live forever as the centerpiece of my next theatrical work, The Cook For Any Price; or, A Delicious Wage,” Amaeus Tozar said, raising his yava-mug for emphasis. “Nothing more, and nothing less. And I will not allow you to decline.”

The producer-playwright was seated with Prosatio Silban in the Three Masks, reputed for its late hours and bottomless yava-mugs, and likewise as a haunt of players, poets, tragedians, dramatists, comedians, composers, and others of that professional ilk. The two had met by chance one day at one of epicurean Pormaris’ smaller public baths, and the cook-errant had since, without success, been trying to shake off the other’s persistent presence.

I do not need greater fame, Prosatio Silban thought. And I do not want my past revealed to those who do not know me.

“So what did you do prior to becoming the Uulian Commonwell’s best-known mercenary cook?” asked the theatrician.

The cook adopted a mild expression of attentive apathy. “I diced and stuffed lunch-potatoes in a house of courtesans,” he said. “The pay was decent, the work steady, and it was good training. Most of a cook’s time is spent preparing ingredients, you know.”

“Excellent!” Amaeus Tozar exclaimed. “It’s exactly that sort of detail that rings true on the stage. The more little-t truths we can provide, the better the audience’s experience. Oh! And I even have found the perfect actor to portray you – none other than the renowned Wersdan Ehgit!”

“I know so little of the theater that such information is lost on me.”

“He played, to great acclaim, the architect Sir Vando Lai in last season’s The Lover’s Confection, as well as Otton the Beggar in my own Lost Twilight. The audiences were wringing out their handkerchiefs over that one, I don’t mind telling you. He has your build, your vocal quality, and such range – by Galien the All-Mother, his range! – that he could play you from youth to your present middling-age.”

“Master Amaeus, I do not know quite how to tell you this, but I am just not interested in being portrayed or played by anyone. Please – find another subject for your ready quill.”

The playwright slitted his eyes. “What you seem not to know is that, as a figure of note, you are fair game for artistic depiction. This project will go forward either with you or without you; I prefer the former, but it is really your decision.”

Prosatio Silban sighed, and not for the first time that day. “Very well. What sort of influence may I hold over your finished product?”

Amaeus Tozar grinned a relaxed predator’s grin. “That depends.”

“On what?”

“On what you can convince me to give you.”

* * *

At first-light the next morning, the unlikely pair breakfasted at the beefy cook’s galleywagon on a poppyhorn and mug of yava apiece. Afterward, they browsed Pormaris’ famed South Market so that Amaeus Tozar could observe firsthand how Prosatio Silban conducted his daily business.

“One of the most important parts of my day is procuring ingredients. Today, and in lieu of having a specific client, I will purchase a general supply from which to build several different meals,” Prosatio Silban said as they strolled among shops and stalls being stocked and prepared for the coming day’s trade. Approaching a covered stall whose banner proclaimed Bollio’s Greengrocery, the cook raised his voice in greeting.

“Bollio Perrit, my friend!” he called to the tall man behind the counter. “How are your wife and children?”

The shopkeeper smiled acknowledgement. “Very well, thank you for asking. And you – does your business bring you much coin?”

“Ah. That is for Hopmon, Lord of the Ever-Filling Purse, to decide.”

“May His bounty be upon us all. I take it you need what I have?”

“Yes – three bunches of green garlic, four stones-weight of good palm fruit, and six of your finest lettuce shells. Are the new tomatoes in yet?”

“Not yet. Master Arod’s draft-zebra is still sick, and the farmer? He can do nothing without her.”

“A pity. Please give me two dozen pickle-beans instead, and mark it all to my accounting. Can you have this delivered within the hour so that I may welcome my customers with breakfast? You will find me at my usual location in this market’s Itinerants’ Row.”

“Done.”

The cook and the playwright went on in this manner for a time, stopping at a baker here, a dairymaid there, a meats-vendor elsewhere, while Amaeus Tozar took profuse notes in a small wood-paper notebook. Mutters of “Wonderful!” “Excellent!” and “I can use this!” fell from his lips at random intervals.

Soon, they were back at the galleywagon, lodged today between a fatberry-oil peddler and a seller of ornamental herbs. Bundles and packages lay deposited in a neat pile on the portable premises’ driver’s bench.

“The next thing I do, even before unpacking the provender, is to deploy my painted menu-board and two tables-and-chairs,” the cook explained. “I can then attract early-morning custom as I bustle about with preparation and what not. My business is as much about showmanship as about cookery.”

At that point, Prosatio Silban’s good friend Pelvhi appeared from around a corner. She was dressed against Pormaris’ typical morning chill and greeted the cook with a warm smile.

“What say, Pelvhi?” he asked.

“I say many things,” she replied. “What would you like to hear?”

“That you are pleased to meet ... this gentleman. Pelvhi the Taverness, I present to you Amaeus Tozar.”

“Not the Amaeus Tozar?” she said, eyes alight. “Author of Lost Twilight, Packing the Day, and A Little Dinner For Big Hearts? I have enjoyed your work immensely over the years.”

The dramatist bowed, took Pelvhi’s proffered hand, and raised it to his forehead. “You honor me with your kind patronage,” he said, releasing her. “It is always good to meet someone who appreciates theatrical works – especially my own.”

“Have you anything in current production?” she asked.

Amaeus Tozar swept an arm toward the reluctant cook. “His life story. What could be more of-the-hour than a biographic featuring the Commonwell’s most famous cook?”

“I am hardly the most famous,” Prosatio Silban demurred.

“This is the difficulty I face,” Amaeus Tozar told her. “He is unaware of his own greatness.”

“All the right people are,” she said. “Unfortunately, those who aren’t, aren’t enough.”

“Do you know him well?”

“I have known him for years, though not well enough to share his stories. He is a private man with private habits, and while I am often his taverness, I also respect his reticence. However, if you are searching for dramatic subjects, what about Oseon Dreyas, Andwilla Thork, or Filio Tharl? Or even Crasso, Ranking Culinarian of the Refectionists’ Guild? There’s a beans-to-beef story if ever there was one.”

From behind Amaeus Tozar, Prosatio Silban mouthed a silent “thank you,” which Pelvhi acknowledged with a just-perceptible nod. Aloud, he said, “Master Amaeus, how if you instead produced a play about my good friend here? She is the longtime owner of Pelvhi’s Chopping-House, where meet after-hours Pormaris’ hospitality workers. She has also led a much more interesting life than mine. And – best of all – you need only build one set: her tavern. Think of the economy!”

“And I would welcome such a treatment,” Pelvhi added. “It might be good for business.”

“Tell me, Master Prosatio,” rejoined the playwright. “I get the distinct sense that you’re trying to dissuade me from telling your history. You wouldn’t be hiding anything, would you?”

“Not at all,” said the cook. “As I have said many times, I just don’t think anyone would be interested in my life. They are more interested in my cuisine. And after all, that is the reason for my so-called ‘fame.’ If it even exists. Which I doubt.”

Amaeus Tozar fixed on Prosatio Silban the sort of gaze he reserved for strident and uninvited theater critics. “If you do have a secret, I will discover it,” he said with sinister silkiness. “I have both time and resources, not the least of which is curiosity. For now, though, I should like to see your mobile kitchen – from the inside.” He turned on his heel and stumped up the galleywagon steps.

“That man could bring you actual trouble,” Pelvhi whispered. “If he finds out that you’re a self-defrocked Sacreant ...”

“... it could spell the end of my beloved livelihood,” Prosatio Silban finished.

* * *

The Sacreants of the Rainbow Robe (to use their official title) were the authoritative intermediaries between the six-hundred-thirteen Flickering Gods and their purported Uulian “children.” Occupying the social class just beneath the Heir Second nobility, the holy functionaries shared that station with wealthy merchants, officers of the guard, trade-guild heads, and all who control or profit from the labor of others. In addition to overseeing worship and life-cycle events, Sacreantal responsibilities included the administration of justice, education, commerce, defense, health services, public infrastructures, and everything else over which their gods were said to hold sway.

Leaving the Sacreanthood bordered on the scandalous. To do so of one’s own volition, as Prosatio Silban had, was at best suspicious. Small wonder that he sought to conceal that early chapter of his life and feign brothel-adjunct employment as a more honorable alternative.

These particulars paraded before the Cook For Any Price’s mental review that night as he lay wide awake in his galleywagon’s sleeping-berth. If only I were the murdering sort, he thought with a grim smile. Or perhaps a kidnapper, or even that I knew someone who did that sort of thing for hire. Bah! I suppose these are the musings of the desperate. But what can I do? O Takavi, God of Furtive Scuffling; Nikkla, Goddess of Midnight Machinations; Yradoni, Offeror of Duplicitous Remedies; and Manch’nage, God of Frantic and Final Resorts: what can I do? Please – guide my reflections and direct me toward a solution, or at least a small measure of peaceful surrender. 

He shook his head to clear it, rolled out of the berth and sat on its edge, gazing into the middle distance.

Knock-knock. Knock.

At this hour? Prosatio Silban wondered. He wrapped his blue woolen bed-robe tight around his ample frame and padded barefoot across the ornate braided rug to the latched double-door.

“Who calls here?” he asked.

“A friend,” came a familiar voice.
 
The cook unlatched the door’s upper half and cracked it open. In the pale moons-light stood Pelvhi, clad once again in her warming-cloak. “It is cold out here,” she said, her voice touched with a hint of a shiver. “Please let me inside.”

Prosatio Silban opened wide both door-halves. After she entered, he closed them, struck a match, and lit the fatberry-oil stove. “Come,” he said. “Warm yourself by this fire, though it be small. Would you like something hot to drink?”

“I will not be here that long. I bring news of your nemesis.”

“Amaeus Tozar? What about him?”

“He is not without a reputation-killer himself. Listen ...”

* * *

Early the next morning, Prosatio Silban had just set out his menu-board and collapsible dining furniture when Amaeus Tozar walked up.

“Master Cook!” he said with a broad grin, and opened his notebook. “Are you ready for another round of research?”

“No, I am not. In fact, I wish you to be gone. And take your ‘dramatic inspiration’ with you.”

“I beg your pardon?”

“I will put this in more direct language: Go away. And do not return.”

The playwright reddened. “I will not. I am writing a play about you, and if you will not give me material for it I can find it from other sources. And I will.”

“Like you did for Inconvenient Curse?”

“W-what?”

“Or for Off-Shoulder Glances? Or A Desert’s Drowning? Or, most of all, Lost Twilight? I know your sources. And wouldn’t the theatergoing public love to learn that these productions did not originate with you, but rather with –”

“I believe you have made your point,” Amaeus Tozar interrupted, snapping closed his notebook. “Good day.”

As the defeated dramatist stalked away, Prosatio Silban turned to Pelvhi, who had been watching the encounter from behind the galleywagon.

“Thank you,” he said, and bowed. “I am in your debt once again. How did you discover his prolific plagiarisms?”

“There are certain advantages to being the ears of the tavern-going public,” she said. “One hears many things. The trick is in knowing when to listen – and to whom.”




Harnessless Dray-Beast
In which Onward has an exciting day.


GIVEN SOMETHING AS ESSENTIAL AND ubiquitous as fatberry-oil, it was perhaps unsurprising how little thought people gave to its source and acquisition.

Anyone in need of stove- and/or lamp-fuel could obtain it for themselves with little effort by mashing the abundant purple berries and collecting their unctuous fluid, leaving over fatberry-cakes – fragrant maroon lumps suitable for two purposes: 1) igniting funeral pyres, contract-sealing altars, and other important flames, and 2) feeding hungry buopoths.

Prosatio Silban had little use for the first of these applications and quite a lot for the second (as well as for the oil, of course). Like others of his countryfolk with neither time nor circumstance to press the berries himself, he often patronized those who did; not so much to purchase a product as to buy a convenience. This arrangement made everyone happy, especially the otherwise-indigent without a real trade or salable talent.

Whenever and wherever the beefy cook-errant parked his famous galleywagon to practice his own trade, he would remove the vehicle’s harness from what passed for Onward’s shoulders so the curious animal could nap away the day. The chatoyant creature was “curious” in both senses of the word: peculiar, yes, but also interested in and excited by everything which wandered past his unique senses. And if that everything included a favorite victual, well ... there was no resisting its allure.

Now: “I’ve told you that,” quoth the comedic tale-spinner, “so I can tell you this.”

It was the eighteenth day of the month of the Jaguar, in the Year of the Haunted Oyster, at the busy Travelers’ Stalls of many-harbored Soharis’ fabled Dockside Market. Although the hot and stormy Season of Huddling lay not far off, one couldn’t guess that from the balmy and sweet morning – or from the market’s diverse browsing crowds. Prosatio Silban had already set out his menu-board and tables-and-chairs for a typically demanding breakfast service; Onward had just curled up behind the galleywagon for a comfortable snooze when he caught an unmistakable aroma of tantalizing proximity.

He opened two of his eyes. In the adjacent stall stood a two-wheeled cart laden with ripe fatberries. A mound of fresh-pressed fatberry-cakes was piled nearby, next to an assortment of fatberry-stenciled casks. The woman selling these items had her back to him, and while buopoths were not unknown within the Uulian Commonwell, Onward had long ago learned the value of concealing himself; so he used his natural shapeshifting ability to take the form of a mid-sized elephant. He extended his trunk to feast on his preferred provender when the fatberry-merchant turned her face to the unexpected visitor.

“Hello there, my fine fellow,” she cooed, reaching up to caress the underside of the buopoth’s chin. “Who’s the nice big boy? Who is it? Who?”

Onward lowered his head to facilitate petting, and before he could pull it away, the woman flicked a jute rope around his neck. “You’ll do well for pulling me cart,” she said with a crafty smirk, tying the rope’s free end to the cart’s frame. “My Horacio had just gotten me here when he up and died, and it’s a long way back to my home-village of Shallowford.”

The transformed buopoth, though possessed of moderate intelligence, could not understand a word of Uulian. But he caught the import of the woman’s expression and her eyes’ tell-tale glint, so when she turned back to serve a customer, he took advantage of her inattention to metamorphose into a giant, rainbow-feathered condor. He bowed his head, slipped out of the rope, and with two flaps of his wide-spread wings, slipped into the sky.

Soharis-on-the-Rimless-Sea spread out below him like a live relief map. Not for nothing was the city called “many-harbored;” nestled at the confluence of two rivers, the sea itself bordered its southwest jut. A low jetty kept the sea-borne waves literally at bay. At Soharis’ architectural heart sprawled a domed temple – the so-called Oceanary Fane – adjoining the spire-adorned Palace of the Inheritor, the latter housing the cosmopolitan settlement’s highest secular authority. These buildings sat within a vast plaza atop a small rise, with encircling streets crossed by others radiating out from the city center, terminating at the markets just inside the city’s main entrances (an imposing landward gate and a maze of seaside docks). A thick, all-surrounding wall of cerulean poured stone guarded Soharis from enemies both real and perceived.

Onward swooped low over the city’s contiguous countryside, about to land near a fine big fatberry-bush, when a barbed arrow whizzed past his beak. Two shouting hunters were pointing up at him – one with an outstretched arm, the other with a nocked arrow. He veered away and over the jetty, then shapeshifted into a great, iridescent octopus and dropped into the Rimless Sea.

The light beneath the waves was dim, but adequate for his new eyes. A school of mumblefish made its flickering passage not far from him, weaving in and out of a tall forest of blue kelp; his attention was drawn instead to the paddling feet of corsair-birds overhead, close by the dark oval of a boat’s hull and diving at whiles in search of their own preferred provender. 

Suddenly, and with a violent splash of bubbles, Onward found himself – along with most of the mumblefish – enclosed in a fisher’s net, its open weave tight enough to forbid any captured quarry from escaping. Onward fluttered his tentacles in vain as the net was hauled above the water, then suspended over an open deck-hatch. When its bottom flap released, dumping the piscine load into the boat’s gaping hold, the temporary octopus exploited the operational chaos to change into a sizeable prismatic mantis and, once more, wing his way across the jetty to safety.

He landed in that part of the Dockside Market reserved for livestock destined for marketgoers’ homes and tables. Sad bleating, morose cackling, and other sounds of helpless and doomed animals filled his ears. Working by instinct more than design, Onward made use of his sharp forelegs to cut twine and unlatch latches. Soon the section was loud with the sound of scampering hooves, feet and claws, joined quickly by the surprised cries of farmers and porters scurrying without success to recapture their charges.

Having led his new friends to freedom, Onward’s nose was once again caught by the familiar and beloved smell wafting from the fatberry-merchant’s stall. This time, however, he restrained himself from the urge to dine on his favored fare, instead regaining his usual ambiguous form and curling up in his usual comfortable place, closing all but one of his eyes.

Just then, Prosatio Silban rounded the galleywagon carrying a lumpy, fragrant jute sack. Onward let out a soft rattling hoot and arose in expectation. “I don’t know how you can slumber so long and with such depth,” the cook said, reaching into the sack and withdrawing three fatberry-cakes. As Onward chomped his customary comestibles, his longtime companion added, “With all that time, I wonder what else you might do instead.”




Royal Fete
In which Our Hero mulls a mystery of manners.


EAST OF THE UULIAN COMMONWELL lay the semi-marshy expanse called by Uulians the Emerald Incessance. Few of those outsiders traverse it without purpose, or dread, or both; its green depths do not long hold even well-known paths, and what they do hold seldom emerges.

Prosatio Silban clucked reassurance to his dray-beast, Onward, as his galleywagon trundled over spongy ground beneath an overtopping growth of slender wicket-grass. They were following a narrow trail which so far had led nowhere.

The cook twice jerked the plaited yak-hair reins, and Onward ceased his forward trudge with a rattling hoot. He climbed down from the driver’s bench, slid through the tall greenery and tapped what passed for the buopoth’s flank. Something like a trunk lifted him atop what might have been a shoulder. From this perch the grass was now only waist high, and Prosatio Silban strained his vision against the fading sunlight.

He had been here before, and in truth expected to find his destination by memory. But save for a slim furrow left by the galleywagon’s passage, and occasional clumps of bird’s-nest trees, the breeze-rippled sea of green stretched unbroken through late-afternoon haze to the horizon. Unseen insects sang cryptic harmonies to a triangle of moons overhead.

“We’re lost,” muttered Prosatio Silban.

Onward snorted. Before he could react, a half-circle of obsidian spearheads ringed the cook’s chest; his gaze slid past razor-edged points to rawhide lacings on bamboo shafts, and up several pairs of muscular tattooed arms to a ring of deep bronze faces. Sharp dark eyes looked back at him with suspicion.

Ah, he thought. That's better.

“I am Prosatio Silban, the Cook For Any Price,” he said, with what he hoped was a brave smile. “And I am seeking the Headman Tanr.”

From beyond the human fence came a sibilant chuckle. A voice like dry leaves underfoot spoke two rough syllables; the men lowered their spears and faded into the grass. A wizened crone garbed in baboon-skin, with a large hawk’s head set atop her own, materialized out of the green curtain; she stretched up to Onward a caressing hand. A silent shudder ran through the huge beast, and patches of his chatoyant bulk turned pink.

“Follow,” she said in thick-accented Uulian, and started forward.

* * *

The Xao now dwell in oal-skin tents, but they used to live in cities – or so they say. All his life, Prosatio Silban had heard the tales of the ancient civilization which had mastered flight and time before destroying itself, leaving only curious ruins and scattered handsful of survivors. When the Uulians, fleeing their own self-made catastrophe, arrived in the Exilic Lands from far across the Rimless Sea, the Xao first thought them to be prophesied saviors who would restore the broken Xao-lands before conveniently withdrawing. Centuries later, they still couldn’t understand why those “saviors” still remained.

Prosatio Silban could never explain very well that conundrum – even to his own satisfaction. But unlike the Commonwell-adjacent Xao who regarded all things Uulian with superstitious awe, these didn’t seem inclined to ask. Except for the crone, neither his spearmen escorts, nor the tribesfolk lounging in the pinkish light of many fatberry-oil torches, seemed to take the slightest notice of him. Onward, on the other hand, aroused great interest, especially among the children; they crowded around as though the peculiar animal were an old and beloved friend.

The Xao campsite was a sprawling oval of domed tents surrounding a wide greenspace. At one end was a large tent thrice the size of the others, with smoke wisping up from a hole in the roof and an immense tripod-hung cauldron standing in front of it. A beaten-earth pathway ran the length of the greenspace. On either side of the path lay an assortment of wicket-grass mats woven in geometric forms, some occupied by families and singles sitting cross-legged as they engaged in animated conversation. Around the camp’s periphery, corrals of intertwined vines held a fair number of nibbling or sleeping oal.

The spearmen guided the galleywagon to the rear of the large tent. Prosatio Silban retrieved from within his vehicle a worn leather knives-bindle and bowed to the crone.

“I am ready,” he said.

“Do know our customs?” she asked in halting Uulian.

“Not in full, but enough to know that this slow-cooked break-fast honors before your tribe my old acquaintance, the Headman Tanr,” the cook replied. “Long ago, he asked me to do this as his friend among my people – may our time in your land grow not longer in your eyes! I will use my entire skill to respect both his wishes and your ways.”

“Then do. Everything for feast, in his tent.”

Prosatio Silban bowed again, hefted his bindle, and stepped inside.

The interior was smaller than it looked from outside, perhaps because it was crowded. Beneath the rawhide-edged roof hole, a low fire cast prodigious smoke against three dressed and stake-mounted oal; mounds of roots, alliums, and tubers were piled to the cook’s right. To his left, upon a rough-torn bed of leafy brown demertine, was all that remained of Tanr P’capin.

He looked as tranquil as any other recent decedent, wrapped from hips to knees in a red, patterned leather kilt and lying supine with gnarled hands folded on an impressive chest. The Xao were unparalleled tattooists, but their art alone was insufficient to grant the body its nobility. In death, the face was craggy and composed; in life, it must have terrified with authority and gravity.

Tanr had been a formidable companion, and Prosatio Silban was one of the few Uulians the old man trusted due to his sincerity in wanting to learn whatever Tanr could teach him concerning Xao foodways. And not only to gain a culinary edge over his rival chefs: the cook was truly fascinated by what little Tanr revealed of Xao culture and their headmens’ overriding priority.

“Good headman keep his people’s bellies full,” Tanr repeated often, usually adding, “Great headman does that from grave.”

Prosatio Silban had always wondered what the old man meant by that. Now, seeing him laid out among the trappings of a farewell feast, the cook wished he’d asked when he had the chance.

They can’t be serious, he thought. Is he the guest of honor, or the chief ingredient?

He had heard the usual legends of Xao cannibalism, but had long ago dismissed them as old traveler-tales – the sort of thing ignorant “civilized” folk always whispered about any indigenes. In all his conversations with Tanr regarding Xao comestibles, why hadn’t that particular subject come up? He couldn’t exactly mention it now.

A low chanting filtered into the tent. The Xao were beginning their night-long funeral service, although the intonation did not sound at all funereal: a slow rising and falling more evocative of calling a cherished animal than mourning a departed king.

No, he couldn’t bring it up now, and neither could he flee; the tent had but one exit, and his departure would also mean abandoning Onward, the galleywagon, and his livelihood. More than that: his reputation. Prosatio Silban was well-traveled, unsqueamish by nature, and resourceful; he would think of something.

I might as well set to work, the cook thought. He unrolled his bindle, withdrew from it a sharp paring-knife, selected a long parsnip from the nearest pile, and began to slice it.

What did he know about the Xao? They lived by hunting the elusive oal and foraging the Incessance; they loved to sing, and to tell (or act out) cruel-humored jokes. They took substantial pride in all they did and said, and were honorable almost to a fault. None of this shed any cross-cultural light on the cook’s gastronomic gloom. With resignation, he picked up a blue-skinned potato and pondered further.

Could he hide the body? It was the obvious thing to do, but he couldn’t disguise its lack in the stew, or substitute for it the strong-flavored, smoked oal. He looked over the ingredient-heaps – yams, parsnips, carrots, potatoes, beets; spices, including ginger, cloves, sweetbark, and red-rind; dried and fresh aromatics, including a generous quantity of stinkbulb; and a small mound of volcano-peppers. None of these suggested a culinary escape. He hefted another potato, set it back on the pile.

There is no sense in further procrastination, he thought. I will have to either fillet my late friend, or explain to the Xao why not.

Steeling himself, Prosatio Silban cast a professional eye over the body. He pinched it here and there, appraising.

It would be best to start with the legs, as they’ll yield the most meat...

He picked up his longest chop-knife, honed it, and put the tip to Tanr’s hip joint.

Just a bit of pressure right here, and...

The knife-tip made a shallow indentation.

I can’t. I just can’t.

He lowered the knife. The chanting became more insistent.

“Cook?” called the crone from the other side of the tent-flap.

Prosatio Silban forced calm into his voice. “Yes?”

“Do need anything?”

I could use some advice, he thought, or a bottle of strong spirits. 

“No, nothing,” he said. “Thank you.”

“Be right outside if change mind,” the crone said.

Just what I need – a sentry. Wait! ‘Change mind.’ It is a matter of honor, after all.

Heart pounding, he opened the tent-flap. “I do need something,” he told the crone. “I need words, and with you.”

“Talk.”

“You know that I am Uulian,” the cook said. “I am bound by Uulian law, and cannot break it. I am also bound by my word to the late Tanr. I must, however, refuse his wishes. I cannot ... serve him. I am sorry. Do what you will with me.”

The crone considered him with unfathomable eyes.

“Tanr is in tent to see all is done according to our law – fit and proper,” she said with an injured air. “After joining us for meal, we bury body intact in the Fen of Ancestors. What did think we were going to do?”

Prosatio Silban paused for a heartbeat, then bowed as deeply he could.

“Nothing inappropriate,” he said, straightening. “Now, if you will excuse me – I have a cauldron to tend.”




Integrated Pests
In which Our Hero battles a diminutive incursion.


SOME TROUBLES ARE ONLY small – if not in importance, then at least of stature.

Whistling a tuneless melody, Prosatio Silban bustled about inside his galleywagon in anticipation of a healthy Pormaris breakfast-crowd. He propped open the lid of his coldbox, marveling (not for the first time) at the magikal waist-high contrivance’s larger internal dimensions as he ticked off the usual inventory.

Fidget-hen eggs. Cow’s milk. Butter. Uncured pig-lizard belly, he thought, placing each item on the preparation-counter behind him. And now, for the potatoes, onions, bread and other meal products.

He closed the lid, opened his pantry doors, and gasped. A teeming mass of almost-invisible insects met his disbelieving eyes, heedless of their sudden exposure.

By Onrea, Goddess of Unexpected and Pivotal Calamity! he thought, and slammed shut the doors. There was no sign of infestation on the adjoining walls and floor, but he dared not open the doors again. His heart thumped as he considered his options.

Poison is out of the question, he thought. I need someone to rid me of these things, without harming myself or my livelihood into the bargain. And I can’t advertise the fact that I need them. So how would I secure such a someone?

* * *

“You have been surreptitiously and circuitously recommended for both efficiency and discretion,” Prosatio Silban told the exterminator. “I assume you know that I can’t have you rendering my galleywagon uninhabitable in any measure, and for any protracted period?”

They were standing before the cook-errant’s pantry, having just opened and shut its doors for a brief peek. Nicro Diar was dressed in non-committal tunic and kneebreeches, and flourished a dismissive hand to match his not-to-worry smile.

“Let me allay your fears,” Nicro Diar said, and patted the small leather valise he carried. “I do not use poison or any other contaminants. What I do use is ‘cohesive vermin control.’ In essence, I deploy those fauna for whom your infesting creatures – a variety of common pantry-mite – are food, then collect them once they have accomplished their happy task. No toxins, no residue, no disagreeable smell or side-effects. I must caution you, however, that my efficiency and discretion are not inexpensive ...”

“The alternative is unthinkable,” Prosatio Silban said. “I will pay what you ask. When can you begin?”

“Immediately. Please wait outside.”

* * *

“Have you opened yet for business, Master Cook?” a passing would-be customer asked.

“Not yet. But presently.”

* * *

The exterminator pocketed a handful of Prosatio Silban’s silver and smiled. “The raptor-ants have done their work, and done it well,” he said, hefting his valise. “You shall be troubled no further.”

“Once again, I cannot thank you enough,” the cook said with sincere warmth. “Do not misunderstand me, but I hope our relationship has been a brief one.”

He waved farewell to the departing tradesman and closed his galleywagon door. Humming a wordless tune, he opened the pantry door to assess the efficacy of Nicro Diar’s measures – and paused in mid-grin.

A line of ants was embracing the cornmeal sack, each tiny blue insect bearing in its brawny jaws a yellow grain of meal as they carried their burdens into an unglimpsed hole in the pantry’s corner. They ignored Prosatio Silban; he imagined their nonchalance was a mere display for his benefit.

He slammed the doors again. I have been robbed, he thought, and I don’t appreciate it. He exited his galleywagon, surveyed the city’s famed South Market, and caught up with Nicro Diar as the exterminator browsed a nearby selection of corduroy kneebreeches.

“Excuse me!” said the cook, and lowered his voice. “Our business is not concluded.”

“Oh?” came the surprised reply.

“Yes. You have not collected your ants – at least, not all of them. And I should like to have them removed. Now, if you please!”

“You must be mistaken. I counted them with precision – one hundred raptor-ants in, one hundred raptor-ants out. Our accounts are balanced.”

“No, they are not. Just come and see!”

“I shall. But I am certain that you are in error.”

Soon the pair were standing before Prosatio Silban’s open pantry. “You see?” the cook said. “Here they are.”

“I do not wish to contradict you, but these are not my ants.”

“What do you mean?”

“Look closely.” Nicro Diar extended a finger, retrieved one of the six-legged interlopers, and presented it for Prosatio Silban’s dissatisfied inspection. “These ants have a red thorax, typical of an ordinary merchant-ant. Raptor-ants are completely blue. I do not owe you anything, but I would be happy to set on these a different type of predator. For a price, of course.”

“And what ‘price’ would that be?”

“Let me see ... there are fewer ants here than there were pantry-mites, so I shan’t need a full deployment of cavern-beetles ... say, half what you paid me for my initial action?”

“Alright. Just get rid of them!”

* * *
“Are you not serving lunch today?”

“Perhaps tomorrow. But I do thank you for your future patronage.”

* * *

Prosatio Silban stormed up to Nicro Diar as the latter was negotiating the price of a silk tunic.

“My dear sir!” said the exterminator. “Whatever is the matter?”

“Do you remember the ... (here the cook dropped his voice) ... handful of cavern-beetles you used to rid me of the merchant-ants?”

“Of course.”

“Well, now there is an armload! I am not paying you for another engagement – you will promptly remove the beetles, at your cost, and see that they do not trouble me again.”

As before, they both peered into the pantry’s interior. Unlike before, it was now swarming with beetles – a greater plague than even the initial pantry-mites. Nicro Diar raised one eyebrow and coughed.

“Again – I do not wish to gainsay a client,” he said, “but these are not my beetles.”

“Do you expect me to believe that?”

“Here, I’ll show you.” The exterminator crouched, then lifted his bug-laden fingers to Prosatio Silban’s eyes. “These are a two-headed variety of burgham-beetles, not often seen in these parts. I use only –”

“PLEASE!” shouted the frustrated cook. “I want them gone – and I want them gone now!”

“And so shall they be,” said Nicro Diar. “This time, I shall employ something larger – carnivorous mice. A bit more expensive, but very effective.”

“Do you expect me to pay you again?”

“Of course not. You could always use pestbane powder instead, as effective as the mice and at half the cost, but that could complicate your business. Here’s what I shall do: in the interests of mercantile amity – and also, because I am growing fond of you – I will only charge you that same amount. It is, of course, your choice.”

Prosatio Silban glowered in silence. I cannot keep on like this, he thought. He is taking advantage of my natural reticence regarding my plight. Perhaps I should hire him to exterminate himself? He forced a smile, and when he spoke, his even tone belied his extreme aggravation.

“Very well,” said the cook. “But if this series of unfortunate events continues, I may need, perhaps, other recourse.”

“I would not blame you in the slightest,” the exterminator said. “It is a dire situation, to be sure. And while I am happy to retain your custom, I would not fault you for seeking other, more toxic, alternatives.”

“Let us hope that this is the last time I need your ‘assistance.’ Between paying you and replacing my pantry’s contents, and the ongoing lost custom, my coin jar is leaking both copper and silver. Unleash the mice, and we shall see.”

* * *

“Is everything alright, Master Cook? You have been closed for three days!”

“Could not be better. I am simply ... ah, taking an impromptu vacation. I hope to see you here tomorrow. Thank you for your interest.”

* * *

“Lo and behold, I have re-gathered the mice.” said Nicro Diar. “And as you can see, your pantry is in pristine condition. I believe we may call it quits?”

“May your belief herald some great truth,” Prosatio Silban said.

“Would you care to inspect your pantry’s latest contents?”

“I would, yes.” The cook conducted a random examination of noodle-packages and meal-bags; seeing no apparent harm done, he turned to the exterminator. “All seems in order. I will have to replace most of it again, of course, but I would have done that anyway.”

“Very good. As always, it has been a delight to work with and for you. I will now take my leave, and should you ever need further attentions, you may always call upon me.”

“Thank you. Now – goodbye.”

“Goodbye.” With a conspiratorial smirk, Nicro Diar descended the galleywagon’s three steps and was lost in the teeming mass of afternoon marketgoers.

Prosatio Silban sighed. Closed the galleywagon door. Padded across the ornate braided rug to his pantry. Opened it for one last, suspicious check.

On a middle shelf, atop a mesh sack of kobi-nuts and paying him no regard, crawled a single red-and-black dot-bug.

The cook-errant extended toward it a trembling hand, hesitated, then grasped the insect with care between two fingers and plucked it from its perch. He opened the galleywagon door, raised his fingers to his lips, smiled, and puffed the winged visitor gently away.

Fare you well, o happy herald of economic success, he thought. And I thank you for your blessing.




Dueling Perfumers
In which Our Hero must walk an olfactory tightrope.


THE SENSE OF SMELL IS an important component for that of taste. But can it stand alone?

“I shall be brief,” said the woman in the jewel-bedecked caftan, smoothing a tailored crease upon one crossed knee. “My enterprise, ‘Sobor’s Scents,’ wishes to develop a line of toiletries based on the Uulian Commonwell’s fine-dining environment. We would be honored and grateful for you to cook a number of dishes, whose aromatic essences we could capture and render into crystal vials. You may not be aware that there’s quite a demand – from the new bride wanting her dinner guests to think she had cooked for them a more sumptuous feast, say, or the aspiring suitor whose courtship could be sweetened by a hint of something savory. You need only name your price, and we shall do the rest.”

She and Prosatio Silban were sitting at one of two tables-and-chairs set up in the lee of his galleywagon, parked that late afternoon in epicurean Pormaris’ fabled South Market. With the earlier busy lunch-rush no longer competing for his attention, the cook-errant took a moment before replying.

“I am flattered by your offer, Madam Minalsa,” he said with care, “and would be more than willing to have Hopmon, God of the Ever-Filled Purse, bless our mutual exchange. However, I must tell you: you are not the sole fragrancy concern wishing to engage me. Madam Pulquis from Pulquis Perfumery made the exact same proposition yesterday. I have said to her neither ‘yea’ nor ‘nay’ – only that I would consider the matter. Without a compelling reason to choose either of you ...” He trailed off with a suggestive air.

“Did they proffer an exact compensation?” Minalsa Sobor asked, her voice brittle.

“Not yet. Like you, she said that it would be mine to choose.”

“Then perhaps we should speak in specifics. Would fifty in silver cause you to look with greater favor upon our proposal?”

Prosatio Silban sat back, his eyes wide. “A handsome sum indeed! To be fair, I should see whether or not Madam Pulquis can meet or exceed it. She did reach out to me first, after all.”

“Of course. Of course,” Minalsa Sobor said, rising. “I would not otherwise think of contracting with you. Take all the time you need.”

* * *

“Did that wine-soaked tart at Sobor’s Scents try to woo you away from us?” Pulquis Razol choked out from behind her enormous mahogany desk in Pulquis Perfumery’s spacious meetings-chamber. “We contacted you first – we should have the more robust claim.”

“Your overture does have a certain seductive primacy,” Prosatio Silban replied. “But I am known far and wide as the Cook For Any Price, and as long as that price remains in play ...”

Pulquis Razol lifted a peremptory hand, selected a small rag-paper square from one of the filigreed desktop’s many piles, and scribbled on it with a writing-stick.

“This is our bid,” she said, sliding across to him the square. “The amount listed, plus items in trade.”

Prosatio Silban gave a soft gasp as he ran a careful eye down the list. “A new sink? Additional pantry-stock? An overhaul of my aging galleywagon’s undercarriage? And the fifty in silver? You must want my services dearly.”

“We do. We have not enjoyed Hopmon’s blessings as much in this year as others, and our offer – including the fruits of certain trading relationships – represents a bit of a dip into our cash reserves. But it is dogs-feed compared to what we will raise by featuring your cooking in a line of scents! In one projected month of sales alone, we expect the Commonwell’s wealthier classes to recompense us for our losses during the past year. Who wouldn’t want to adorn themselves with ‘Master Prosatio’s Masterful Aromatics?’”

A sharp knock sounded at the ornate carven door, and the liveried aide stationed there looked to his superior. “Come in!” she barked.

The aide opened the door, and Minalsa Sobor strode in, wearing a smirk that mingled suspicion and triumph. “I knew I would find you ingratiating him,” she said, and turned to the surprised cook. “Whatever she’s proposing, we shall double it.”

“You have not yet seen her proposal,” said Prosatio Silban.

“It does not matter. We must have your services, or our business will die.”

“Ours will die first,” Pulquis Razol interjected.

“You should have made wiser investments,” Minalsa Sobor retorted.

“Mind your own business!”

“I am doing just that!”

Prosatio Silban raised his voice. “Please! There must be some way to resolve this situation before it turns into mercantile warfare and attendant mayhem.”

“What do you propose?” asked Pulquis Razol.

“Yes, what?” echoed Minalsa Sobor.

“That we divide my contribution between your respective enterprises,” he said. “I shall create sweet dishes for one of you, and for the other, savory.”

“That would leave one of us at an unfair disadvantage,” replied Pulquis Razol after a moment’s thought. “Sweet fragrances are more subtle than savory, and thus more expensive to reproduce.”

“Meaning one of us would be saddled with costly and inferior merchandise!” Minalsa Sobor cried.

“You already produce ‘costly and inferior merchandise,’” her rival said with a lurid sneer. “The public would never notice.”

“Outrageous! Why, I ought to –”

“Please! please!” interrupted Prosatio Silban, raising a conciliatory hand to both merchants. “I will accept a lower price for whoever commissions the sweeter scents. The twofold arrangement would enhance my own business; after all, my reputation is also at stake.”

“You would do this?” asked Minalsa Sobor.

“Yes,” he replied. “If we enter this agreement with good, honest hearts, how could we err?”

* * *

“What exactly do you mean by ‘ruined?’” asked the cook-errant.

He was standing in Sobor’s Scents’ crowded production facility, at one end of a complex distillation apparatus, where he had been summoned with some haste. The sound and smell of busy machinery formed a curious backdrop to Minalsa Sobor’s urgent manner.

“Just smell this,” she said, uncorking a small vial and waving it under Prosatio Silban’s nose.

He took a cautions sniff, then whipped back his head in disgust. “What is that horrid odor?” he asked.

“It is a stench, not an odor,” she said. “And I’ve no idea – but I suspect sabotage.”

“Have you any evidence to support that suspicion?”

“Well ... in a word, no. But a tankful of fragrance-foundation doesn’t ruin itself.”

“I see your point. What shall you do now?”

“I have no idea. But I suppose we had better start over.”

* * *

“What do you mean, ‘we had better start over?” asked Prosatio Silban.

This time, he was seated in Pulquis Perfumery’s cavernous warehouse, amid barrels and tanks marked with cryptic symbols. The owner paced to and fro, spitting out her words with impatient haste.

“Just exactly that,” Pulquis Razol said. “I have no clue as to how this happened – our scrutiny of the cooking-fragrance capture process was quite thorough – but I do suspect sabotage.”

“Why?”

“Does a tankful of fragrance-precursor ruin itself?”

“You do have a point.”

“I suppose we’ll have to absorb the cost, which will cut further into our cash reserves. But I see no other choice.”

* * *

“We have no other choice,” Minalsa Sobor said. “Frankly, this is getting ridiculous.”

“What now?” inquired Prosatio Silban. “More ‘sabotage?’”

“Twice. But this time, we have evidence ...”

* * *

“... and the evidence points to Sobor’s Scents!” cried Pulquis Razol in triumph.

Minalsa Sobor put on an expression of scandalized shock. “You can’t be serious!” she said. “We have been so worrying over our own sabotage-related losses that we can barely give yours a second glance.”

“How convenient,” purred Pulquis Razol with venom. “I suppose our perfume-stock enabled its own sabotage? How naïve do you think we are? Master Cook, have you ever witnessed such effrontery?”

“Not until this moment,” Prosatio Silban said with closed eyes and shaking head, then fixed his gaze in turn on each businesswoman. “Under the circumstances, there is only one thing I can do – and that is to withdraw my services and endorsement from your respective endeavors.”

“You can’t be serious!” barked Minalsa Sobor.

“Why?” demanded Pulquis Razol.

“Because of this: I cannot allow myself to continue as a battleground for your professional animosity. I will return your payments and quietly withdraw, rather than be a party to strife. Good day to you both.”

Both women began stammering variations on, “Don’t go! We’ll not make those same mistakes again!”

“Nor shall I,” Prosatio Silban said, as he mounted the galleywagon steps. “Sometimes, the coin is simply not worth the bother.”




Why


“WHY DO YOU DO WHAT you do?” asked the young woman sitting at one of Prosatio Silban’s tables-and-chairs. “Aside from earning a consistent wage, I mean.”

“Why does a painter paint, or a musician compose, or a sculptor bring to life the figures hidden in wood and stone?” the cook-errant responded, as he grated yak-cheese over her order of hot wheat-threads. “It is an Art, and Art is by its nature compelling to the artist. The secret, you see, is to take a sheer and sincere delight in the forms and sensations one produces. The medium is secondary.”




Antecedent History
In which Our Hero learns the “how and why” of the Exilic Lands.


A CHANCE ENCOUNTER CAN SOMETIMES be profitable – but the profit, though great, needn’t be monetary.

The low western sun was painting the treetops with golden fire when Prosatio Silban pulled up on Onward’s plaited yak-hair reins, signaling his buopoth to halt the galleywagon for the evening.

So much for reaching Possum Toss before sunset, the cook thought. But as the Poet puts it, ‘Home is wherever you spend the night.’

He stepped down from the driver’s bench, reached under it, and withdrew from a fragrant jute sack a pair of greasy maroon fatberry-cakes. He fed these to his dray-beast and told it what a good buopoth it was; then he yawned, stretched sitting-stiffened legs, and regarded his surroundings.

A balmy evening in a light forest, and what promises to be a shady breakfast-spot, he thought. An outdoor supper is quite what’s called for.

Prosatio Silban disappeared inside the galleywagon, riffled through his pantry and coldbox, and emerged with a well-laden bamboo tray. A moment later he had unslung from beneath the galleywagon a portable grill and filled it with charred bilonga-wood. He had set under the coals a stout fatberry-cake and was about to ignite it when a strange sound tickled his ears: an ethereal but spirited music accompanied by occasional soft sighs, approaching from down the road ahead of him.

Company, he thought with a smile. And of the most agreeable kind.

The music grew louder. A man and a woman appeared, clad in long, multicolored tunics, and playing shoulder-slung lyres. They were of medium stature, lithe, with heart-shaped faces and large aquamarine eyes beneath crowns of short black hair. Seeing the cook, the pair returned his smile and ceased their minstrelsy.

“Hail, friend and fellow-traveler,” said the woman. “May two hungry wanderers share your cooking-fire?”

“The folk of Aydnzmir are always welcome wherever I am,” Prosatio Silban replied, and bowed.

The man cast the cook a significant look. “You know of us?”

“I have visited your City of Song on occasion. But who does not know of the roving soul-singers, and in particular their annual Breaking Day Music Feast?”

“You might be surprised,” the woman said. “Few out-dwellers seem to care for much beyond their hands’ grasp. You are in the minority among Uulians – well-appreciated, but a minority nonetheless.”

“As are we,” the man said. He rummaged in his embroidered shoulder-bag and withdrew two small parcels wrapped in broad hedge-leaves. “May we cook and eat with you, and perchance keep each other entertained as the cold and inevitable night descends?”

“Of course,” said Prosatio Silban. “I hope you don’t mind that my own dinner is composed in the main of meat?”

“Ah! a barbarian, but a polite one,” said the woman.

All three laughed, and the cook lit the grill.

* * * 

Beneath the tree-filtered light of two moons, the wayfaring dinner-companions had reached that stage of a meal devoted to digestive pleasantries, when confidences are exchanged and tall tales told.

“It occurs to me that you have not revealed your names,” Prosatio Silban said, sipping at a glass of blue duliac. “Is that a custom of your people?”

“Not at all. You have simply not asked,” said the man with a grin. “I am called Ido.”

“And I, Izum,” said the woman.

“What brings you through this part of the Commonwell, so far from your home?” asked the cook.

“That we have never before seen it,” said Ido. “For us, that is reason enough.”

“Except for yourself, our appearance has been largely greeted by discomfiting suspicion,” said Izum. “I would judge the Uulian Commonwell to be a somewhat unfriendly place.”

“That may be true in many of the Thousand Villages, but not the Three Cities,” Prosatio Silban said. “Well ... two of the cities, anyway. Our people’s history and theology are not, sad to say, without their exceptionalisms. But at heart, we are a good-natured lot, though a tad incurious of others. I think we have forgotten that we ourselves are only long-staying guests in these Exilic Lands – which raises a question I have often pondered.”

“What is that?” asked Izum.

“You have lived in these Lands longer than we have.”

“Much,” said Ido.

“Then tell me, please: why exactly are they called the Exilic Lands? I always thought that was an Uulian expression, but in speaking to some of the indigenes I have learned it is not.”

The soul-singers exchanged enigmatic glances, and Ido nodded to his companion.

“It is a long tale,” Izum said. “And as with most such, it is better sung than spoken.” The pair raised their lyres, struck the strings, and commenced:

“Before any others breathed in these lands,
The undying Treeborn
Dropped from the Sapphire Star –
Exiles from another world –
Found roots in the forests deep,
Raised cities and children, both great.

“With M’zei northerners,
Nimble of hand and mind,
Spun lives together with the star-dropped
In a songful, coast-perched city –
A city of two forebears
No enmity between, then or now.

“One day after a thousand years
Drove M’zei splinters to go alone
To new homelands, new names:
‘The Antecedents.’ In centuried isolation,
Some with magik, some with mechanics,
Both arts driven by mad ambition.

“Three Antecedent houses –
Sea-bordered, land-bounded, sky-floating –
Each and all, other-jealous.
As inevitable as night,
Flaming rage rained to and from the black heavens.
Firing high mountains, digging twilit voids.

“’ENOUGH!’ cried M’zei, Treeborn, Aydnzmir
In one voice heard to the world’s ends.
Joined in magik, never before or since,
Lashed at the evil-workers,
Swept away soul-darkness,
Consigning Xao nomads, Xai villagers, unspeakable Xax.

“The sentinels: Unrelaxed, vigilant, constant,
Lest their remains return anew.
Each year since, Breaking Day remembers —
Unforgettable times, unforgivable arrogance
And why these lands are full of exiles
From sky-pillaring mountains to the Rimless Sea.”

The last poignant lyre-note faded into silence. Prosatio Silban’s inner vision was rich with awe-inspiring images evoked by Ido’s and Izum’s rousing accounts. He had for himself experienced the annual “silent echo” resounding from the City of Music, and now felt chastened – as though his simple request for knowledge had called forth long-made and fearful memories perhaps better left forgotten.

Then he noticed the twinkle in his guests’ eyes.

“At least, that is how we heard it, from our great-grandmothers and great-grandfathers,” Ido said. “And it is what we tell our children on Breaking Day Eve to keep their nightmares at bay, and the young visitors from your Commonwell too, when they ask after our history.”

“After all,” said Izum, “one must tell the children something. Wouldn’t you?”




Road Taken
In which Our Hero is rescued.


ONE GOOD TURN LEADS TO another – and sometimes, to unforeseen ends.

Prosatio Silban was sick. So sick, in fact, that he couldn’t sit upright on the wide driver’s bench as his galleywagon swayed along the tamped-earth road near ... well, he didn’t quite know. All he knew was that his face was hot and sweaty, his senses swimming, his body cold and achy, and that the stark fist of the All-Limiter would be a welcome companion. He was aware, in a dim and distant way, of Onward’s soft coos of encouragement as the pair trundled toward no known destination. If only ... he thought, before darkness took him.

After an indeterminate period, and through a buzzy haze, he realized that he was laying on a soft, flat surface. Good smells greeted him along with the sound of female humming. Am I delirious, or...? he thought before drifting back into a sea of pain-wracked blackness.

This pattern repeated itself several times before he washed up on the shores of wakefulness and stayed there. Slanting sunlight illuminated a simple room: cot, table, chair, lamp. A robed woman stood with her back to him, chopping, to judge by her sounds and motions. He felt like himself again – and a very ravenous self at that.

“Am I ... alive?” Prosatio Silban croaked.

The woman turned. She was older than Prosatio Silban, though not by much. Her black curls were brindled with grey, framing a face both tender and commanding. She moved with the precision of someone reveling in her favorite element.

She smiled. “You are alive,” she said in a self-assured contralto. “It has been awhile since you felt so, yes?”

“Yes. How long, exactly?”

“Three days, since you arrived here. Before that? I do not know.”

“And where is ‘here?’”

Her smile grew proud. “My home. In the village of Whittlewood. A few dayrides from Pormaris. Is that where you were headed?”

“I don’t recall where I was headed. All I remember is being on the road, and ... and then ...”

“Fortunately, your dray-beast was able to guide you here before your illness took you away from this most interesting of all possible worlds. I have fed him, and now it is your turn to eat. Come. Sit.”

He obeyed, marveling that he could rise without dizziness, and made his wobbly way from the cot to the table. A plain wooden dish of chopped and flame-kissed meats, beggar’s squash, and scoop-roots had been laid for him. He sat down with a grateful grunt.

“May the All-Mother bless you for your kindness, and for making me strong with your food,” he prayed, then picked up a fork and dug in. One bite later, he knew he was in the presence of greatness.

“By Scofi!” he exclaimed. “How did you learn to cook so well? Where?”

“That is a lengthy tale, and one of small consequence.”

“I have both time and curiosity.”

“Then let us begin with introductions. I am Franma Olmin.”

Prosatio Silban dropped his jaw. “You’re Franma Olmin? Chef of the renowned Pormaris restaurant Scarlet Begonia?”

“I was. Then I left behind Pormaris and its theatrical food and decided to settle here.”

“Why?”

His savior frowned. “I simply ceased to enjoy what the Commonwell thinks of as ‘fine dining,’” she said. “The restaurant-going public is fickle and flighty, and it became a burden to stay abreast of this or that latest trend or taste. Here, I have returned to the primal; to the earliest and most minimal cooking methods: fire and smoke, supplemented by such unpretentious seasonings as ocean-salt and whatever I can forage from the surrounding terrain. No pots, no pans, not even a stove. One does not need more than those fundamentals, as you can see. Or rather, taste.”

The cook-errant nodded. “I do understand your point. But how do you make a living?”

“I barter my skills for the little I need. The other villagers bring me meats and vegetables; I cook for them and take in trade either my share of food, or whatever other goods and services I cannot provide for myself. It keeps me busy and them fed, and is not a bad life as lives go.”

“Don’t you miss cooking for a larger audience?”

“From time to time. It did give me great pleasure, at least in essence, as well as a focus and purpose. And that I do miss. But what can I do? I will not live in a city again.”

“Perhaps you can have the best of both worlds – simplicity and a purposeful focus. Have you considered opening a restaurant here in Whittlewood?”

Franma Olmin reddened. “That thought has left occasional tracks across my mind, yes.”

“You could follow those tracks!” Prosatio Silban said with enthusiasm. “Cook on your own terms, for your own reasons, serving a self-selecting group of gourmet wayfarers. They would more than pay for your ingredients and effort.”

“Whatever would I do with the extra coin? I have my home, and my needs are only few and modest.”

“Aha. Is there a charity or cause to which you would like to donate your proceeds?”

Her eyes twinkled. “One or two.”

* * *

Some months later, Prosatio Silban was finishing the breakfast rush in Pormaris’ legendary South Market when a breathless messenger arrived at his galleywagon’s stall.

“I have a message for you, Master Prosatio!” he announced, and proffered a fold-locked paper envelope. “From Franma Olmin. She bade me put it directly into your hand.”

“Thank you,” said the beefy cook. He accepted the slim parcel – What could this be? he thought. Praise? Thanks? Recompense? – and slid it into a pocket of his apron, where it stayed until the last of his morning customers had departed. He entered his galleywagon, slit the envelope with a short-bladed knife, then withdrew and unfolded its contents.

“Master Cook,” he read. “I hope this finds you in good health and spirits. As for me, I am now elsewhere than when we last met. I took your advice and opened my home for such as were willing to invest coin and time in my cooking. At first, all went well – they were eager and appreciative, I was industrious and accommodating – but their numbers and needs soon exceeded my comfortability, and I found myself packing to leave. I will not tell you from where I am writing this, for I do not wish once more to ‘cook for an audience’ or entertain visitors. I have doffed my professional apron for good, except to serve no more than my humble needs require. Perhaps, should the Flickering Gods so dispose, we will meet again someday. (signed) Franma Olmin.”

Prosatio Silban read through the letter twice, gave a deep sigh, and crumpled it into his undersink catch-bin. Perhaps we will, he thought. Until then, I suppose some pots are better left untended.




Hidden Kingdom 
In which Our Hero goes underground.


THEY WERE STURDY, SQUAT AND rowdy, but also virtuosi of fire and metal – which was one of many reasons why Prosatio Silban always enjoyed the Delvers’ company.

He had arrived for the first time at the northern realm of Deephall just that morning and at once felt at home. The cook had had dealings with their people before, but not this branch. The Skydiggers of the Exilic Lands’ southern mountains were a grim, hardworking bunch, coarse of manner and gruff to outsiders. But these four-armed, bright-eyed underground folk, who had consented to teach him their foodways, were quite their opposite: friendly, easygoing, with large hands and long slender fingers which made them matchless tinkerers and machinists. They were also on good terms with the mysterious M’zei – mystic sages whose city lay not far from the Delvers’ home – and courteous (in their way) to foreigners.

The entrance to their hidden kingdom lay behind two massive granite doors – doors that were open wide, and guarded only by three Delvers in brilliant scale-mail and armed with short spears. They saluted Prosatio Silban as he approached, and one broke ranks to conduct him through a spacious and well-appointed entrance-hall to the king’s imposing throne room.

“MASTER COOK!” cried their king when the visitor had been ushered into his presence. “It is good to lay eyes on you again!”

The Cook For Any Price bowed. “King Medlekh,” he said. “You honor me by your approval. I cannot wait to hear about what and how you eat.”

King Medlekh waved a dismissive lower hand, and grasped his visitor’s shoulders with his upper two. “It is a long time from the M’zei banquet where we first met. You will find our own culinary customs to be quite different and most simple. Roasted game and roots, and foaming stout” (here he slapped his large belly and laughed) “are more the order of our day.”

“Anything you can teach me, I will be grateful to learn,” said the beefy cook. “Where shall we begin?”

The king winked one large and glowing blue eye. “We are not accustomed to teaching our gastronomic secrets to those who are not our intimates,” he said with a toothy grin. “We know of you from past association – but we must know you better than that before we divulge to you our dietary customs.”

* * *

Although the Delvers built according to their own proportions, meaning cramped for the Exilic Lands’ taller races, they also built to profound depths. Prosatio Silban soon lost count of the steep stairs, cavernous chambers and narrow but well-maintained corridors through which they passed. For the burrowing folk did not burrow at random. There was a plan at work here: at every stair-landing, three passages led left, right and forward; each chamber had closed wooden doors at the four compass points; and the corridors had similar side-doors fifty paces apart. All were lit from the ceilings by well-spaced amber sunstones. The whole was impressive, but also confusing for newcomers; this, King Medlekh explained, was done a-purpose.

“We are on excellent terms with our M’zei neighbors,” he said. “But there are others not quite so neighborly. Some lie above us, and some below. In either case, it is good to confuse interlopers by – ah. Here we are.”

They were standing before a large, iron-bound door at the end of one long corridor, its diorite frame a carven bas-relief of dog-wheat and hops. On the door itself was bolted a hammer-and-tongs wrought of pure gold and engraved in the Delvers’ angular script.

“This is the Hammered Home,” the king said in a reverent whisper. “You would call it ‘shrine’ or ‘crypt.’ Either would be correct. It is an expression of our most heartfelt gratitude to Amorden the Souls-Forger for creating our people and giving us purpose.” He cleared his throat and took a deep breath.

“’The lovely Deep was lonely and unloved / So Amorden wrought Delvers in fire / And dark halls rang with light and joy / Of hammers’ clang and forges’ roar...’” he chanted. “So say our Annals, first told hundreds of centuries ago when the world still smoked from the Maker’s flame. Thus were we created to quarry Amorden’s unfathomable bounty – and to adore it.”

“Why have you brought me here?” Prosatio Silban asked. “It does not seem a place to show casual visitors.”

“As I said, you are no casual visitor,” replied King Medlekh. “You are here to touch part of our souls – and so you must behold, in part, from where those souls spring.”

He gestured with a lower arm and murmured in his own guttural language. The iron-bound door opened inward to reveal a vast cavern, adorned with statuary and sarcophagi carved of every variety of rock and mineral that Prosatio Silban could recognize – and many he couldn’t. The dark gabbro ceiling was set with sparkling diamonds in a facsimile of the Exilic Lands’ starry nightscape, supported by mottled porphyry pillars fashioned into enormous tree trunks and topped by branches of native silver. The pillars themselves were festooned with tool-belts, stuffed with machinists’ and clockmakers’ implements of varied description: calipers, files, squares, end mills, loupes, screwdrivers, hand drills, tweezers, and the like. The copper plaques from which these were hung were inscribed in the same alphabet as on the door. Arched tunnel-mouths gaped in the cavern’s walls, leading nowhere the cook could see.

“The statues depict our history: our kings, our notable characters, even our esteemed adversaries,” King Medlekh said with reverence. “Each was sculpted by an immediate descendant. The tools are likewise hung to mark and bear witness to the owners’ glorious lives. Just as we each have a place in Amorden’s Deep, so are we represented in these Halls. 

“And now – we must blindfold you.”

* * *

“You may remove the blindfold,” King Medlekh said.

Prosatio Silban, a bit winded from his long and twisty march, slipped off the silk kerchief that had bound his eyes. The stick-mounted sunstone he was holding revealed a snug, circular chamber with three open archways evenly spaced around the walls.

And he was alone.

“You are now in the underparts of our hallowed Hammered Home,” came King Medlekh’s voice from one of the exits – but which one? “Your task, O Master Cook, is to find your way to the surface. No harm should come to you, but if your innate skills are insufficient to the errand, we will rescue you. In that case, however, you will not learn our culinary secrets. I wish you good fortune – and good hunting.”

Silence.

The baffled cook considered the exits. The arches were inscribed with more of the Delvers’ angular script, but otherwise identical in shape and size – and mystery. If only I spoke Delver, or had learned to read their characters, he thought. Alas for missed opportunities! Perhaps if I offered a prayer to an appropriate deity ...?

But to Whom?

He deliberated, bowed his head, raised his hands, and spoke with humble authority:

“O divine Ghu, Architect and Maker, Lord of Applied Creativity, hear my plea and grant my boon. You are the closest analog to That of the worshipful Delvers; You have gifted me with undeserved skill and acuity, and I am appreciative of it all. Please: Aid me in my current circumstance. Strengthen my intuition that I may make the proper path-choices and continue in Your service. I will tell of Your grace and mercy wherever and whenever I can. This I affirm.”

He waited for several desperate heartbeats, but received no words, images or visions in any of the ways he had come to expect. Perhaps this is not Their domain, he thought with disappointment. Perhaps They have a courtesy-pact with this Amorden not to intrude on his influence. If that is the case ...

Prosatio Silban again pondered the carven archways. I suppose I should just pick one and see where it takes me – divine help or no.

He pointed the light-stick toward one exit, then the next, then the third, mentally running through a childhood counting-game before stopping at the archway to which he had first pointed.

 This must be the one, he thought with a sigh. I hope.

Five minutes later, he was lost. The selected exit had led to another circular, three-portal chamber, then another, and another. He had lost interest in the counting-game and was instead trying to focus his intuition. If I am making progress, I’ll never know it. Am I closer to my goal? Or even to the surface?

At that moment, a voice sounded in his mind with crystal clarity. It was a high-pitched whine dropping down the scale and concluding with two words: Help me.

“Where are you?” he asked aloud.

Help me. Please.

Prosatio Silban closed his eyes and attempted to center his own thoughts on the voice’s origin.

Where are you? Help me to find you.

Please. Help me.

Can you describe your surroundings?

Help.

Who are you?

Please. Help.

“I am trying!” the cook shouted. As his echo faded, the inner voice came again: You are very close. I can hear you. Please – help me?

He passed through three more chambers before he came upon a man-sized, legless horseshoe crab lying on its back. Its long prehensile tail flailed in helpless frustration as it tried to flip itself over.

Please, came the voice in his head. Please.

Stifling the urge to flee, Prosatio Silban approached the creature and, with one mighty heave, righted it. 

“Better?” he asked.

The tail stood straight up in ostensible glee. Thank you! Thank you for your kindness, it thought at him. If I can ever help you ...

“You can, actually,” replied the cook. “Do you know the way back to the surface?”

You mean to the four-arms’ home?

“I do.”

I know them too well. Follow. The creature slid toward one of the chamber’s exits, Prosatio Silban close behind.

* * *

It seemed hours since the strange pair began their surface-ward trek, and the cook was getting thirsty. They had passed through countless domed chambers and tight tunnels, and Prosatio Silban marveled more than a little at both the interconnected labyrinth and his new friend’s sense of directional purpose. He also wondered if they were still lost, but couldn’t bring himself to ask his companion how much longer or farther it would be. King Medlekh had taken time to convey him to his subterranean quest’s starting point. Had it been the same duration? He couldn’t be sure, and inquiring seemed impolite, so he kept his peace.

On the other hand, he was parched, and a long cool drink would not go amiss.

“May I pose a question?” he asked.

Of course. What is it?

“Are we near a source of water or other liquid refreshment?”

Yes. Follow.

Four chambers later, one held in its center a two-cubit fountain bubbling up from a small pool. Prosatio Silban knelt, set down the sunstone-wand, cupped his hands, drank his fill, then wiped his palms dry on his kneebreeches.

“Thank you,” he said, rising to his feet. He stopped in alarm.

The chamber had filled with about a dozen of his guide’s fellow creatures, including a much larger one which stood – sat? lay? – right before him. Its rat-like tail whipped back and forth; a thought-voice different from his companion’s sounded between his ears, low and intense.

You two-legs are unwelcome in our territory. Surely you must know that?

“I did not know. I am but a guest of the other ... two-legs, and am trying to find my way back to their realm. I did not mean to trespass, and if you will but show me to –” 

You must pay the penalty. Now.

The creature lifted its forward section. Two sharp-looking claws slid out from beneath its carapace; they writhed and snapped in Prosatio Silban’s direction. He took a step back, only to discover that the others were barring his escape. He turned from side to side, seeking escape in vain.

Wait. His escort’s thought-voice.

Why? He has transgressed by his presence!

He also rendered me an important service. I owe him the courtesy of return.

Prosatio Silban looked from one creature to the other, trying to guess their next action. He was expecting the worst when a scene began unfolding inside his mind: his guide on its back, flailing and helpless, then himself approaching and providing assistance.

There passed a rapid handful of heartbeats, then:

He requested nothing in return? The larger one’s thought-voice sounded incredulous.

Only passage to the surface. He does not belong here, and knows it. He is kind; I shall bring him to our country’s border and direct him to find his hosts.

Another pause, not quite as long as the first. Then:

Let it be so. And for rescuing my child, we shall accompany you as well.

And that is how the Delvers found them, moments later.

“Look out!” roared King Medlekh. “He’s surrounded!” One of his two guards discharged his crossbow, piercing one of the smaller creatures. The largest reared up in aggressive defense.

“Wait! Stop!” shouted Prosatio Silban. He stepped in front of his dark-shelled benefactors just as the other guard discharged his weapon. The bolt struck the cook in the right shoulder. He cried out in pain but remained standing, and as the guards reloaded, he exclaimed, “They saved me! They saved my life! Do not shoot again!”

“HOLD!” commanded the king. He raised an authoritative upper hand, and the guards fell back. “What do you mean by, ‘they saved you?’”

In haste, Prosatio Silban related the details of his underground adventures. “So you see, you have nothing to fear from these beings,” he finished. “They are harmless and, in their way, quite civilized.”

“We never feared them,” replied the king. “We ate them. We get headaches when we hunt them, but their meat is delicious.”

The largest creature stiffened its tail. Your headaches were our anguished screams. Your meat is delicious also, but we do not hunt you. 

The king winced. He cast an inquiring glance at Prosatio Silban, and the cook translated the great creature’s exclamation.

King Medlekh bowed. “Please accept my most sincere apologies,” he said. “We did not know. Henceforth, no Delver will deliberately trespass on your holdings unless invited. I say this as king of the Deephall and all it contains. Do we have a Pact?”

Both were silent for a moment. Then: 

We do, the creature thought.

“Yes,” said Prosatio Silban.

“Well then. Guard! See to our visitor’s wound, and their injured as well. And take care – our visitor has become more than an ambassador for a much-needed peace. He is the first ‘two-arms’ to learn the mysteries of our kitchens. Is that acceptable to you, Master Cook?”

Prosatio Silban returned the king’s smile. “It is,” he said. “Most acceptable.”




Gourmet Gallivant
In which Our Hero heads a collegial expedition.


IT BEGAN, AS DO SO many seriously frivolous matters, with an impassioned tavern-boast.

“Outside of present company, the best cookery in the Uulian Commonwell is found not in epicurean Pormaris but in its provinces,” burly, wise-eyed Apista Thurtok said. “And the best meal is roasted fidget-hen basted in honeywine, made at The Bouncing Wench in Yellow Meadows. And that is the final word.”

“The Soup Demons it isn’t!” rejoined the wiry and emphatic Olto Grex. “It’s One in Silver’s inwards-stew in Crows’ Path.”

“By my sainted great-aunt Tarka, that’s just not so,” put in petite Pireola Zash. “Everyone knows it’s the barley-sausages made near the Old Forest by Mother Arandra.”

“I’ll see your great-aunt and raise you a deity: namely, Scofi, Goddess of Culinary Inspiration,” countered the imposing Arriao Entar. “And by Her holy name, you won’t find better or more sustaining than the fish-stock what Rolias Eyeop makes on his fishing boat, docked at Shellbright on the River Reaching.”

Prosatio Silban shook his head. “You’re all wrong,” the beefy cook said, raising his empty glass for emphasis. “Three words: Arrow-and-Wheel. Rose-garland. Bejeweled rice.”

“That’s seven words,” objected Apista Thurtok.

“True,” said the cook-errant. “Their food is worth the extra four.”

This culinary and congenial contretemps was playing out in Pelvhi’s Chopping House, the smoky locale where epicurean Pormaris’ kitchen and dining-hall professionals met after-hours for mutual and drink-lubricated solace. Such arguments were not uncommon, especially given the lateness of the hour and the disputants’ consumption of blue duliac; the powerful spirit was a known creativity enhancer and mild euphoric, so no one was surprised by what next came out of Apista Thurtok’s mouth.

“There is only one way to treat this matter with the gravity it deserves,” she said. “We will simply have to taste them each in turn to judge for ourselves.”

“Are you suggesting an extended meander?” asked Olto Grex. “That may take days! Weeks! Can we each be spared that long from our respective duties?”

“Yes!” “Time well-spent!” “I’m in!” “We’ve naught else to do this season!” came the others’ excited exclamations, their eyes bright and cheeks aglow.

“We should enrich the one whose candidate proves to be the most delicious,” Arriao Entar said. “Cash, perhaps?”

“What can we afford?” replied Apista Thurtok.

“Let us each contribute, say ... six in silver?” proposed Olto Grex.

“Expensive!” commented Pireola Zash.

“Worthwhile!” answered Arriao Entar.

“How shall we sequester our coin-pool?” queried Pireola Zash. “Not that I distrust you all, or even some of you, but the question needed to be asked. And so I have.”

A thoughtful pause, then: “We shall ask Pelvhi to hold it for us, and divide the winnings between the worthy chef and their skilled candidate,” suggested Olto Grex.

Cries of “Excellent!” “Perfect!” “Well done!” “Wonderful!” resounded from around the table.

“Very well,” said Prosatio Silban, rising from his chair. “If we are all agreed, and it seems that we are, let us depart Pormaris at dawn – to return when our purposeful promenade is completed.”

Pireola Zash raised a tentative hand. “But will all those meals be worth the journey?”

“Ah,” answered Apista Thurtok. “There is only one way to find out.”

* * *
Mornings are cold in Pormaris, more so in the wintry Season of Contemplation, and the quintet – some nursing hangovers and blinking in the thin sunlight – were well equipped to bear them. Apista Thurtok, who served the transitory clientele at the Journey’s Beginning inn, was wrapped in a dark ursine-pelt cloak and sat upon an enormous riding-boar. Olto Grex, known throughout the Commonwell as the chef overseeing the acclaimed restaurant Needle and Thread, and Pireola Zash, house-cook to m’Lord Vajang Nerio and family, were swathed in thick quilted cloaks; each drove a two-wheeled zebra-cart with the group’s camping supplies and other travel-necessaries. Arriao Entar, one of Prosatio Silban’s favorite marketplace-stall cooks and the oldest of the company, shared with his friend a seat on the galleywagon’s wide driver’s bench, the former sporting a tall wub-fur hat and matching tunic. The Cook For Any Price was clad in a long-sleeved, layered-flannel riding-coat. Their collective breath created clouds of steam in the chill morning light.

The boar’s pace will limit our own, Prosatio Silban thought. My dray-beast, and the zebras, can make much better time. But we can fill the intervening days with camaraderie and song – not to mention dazzling each other in turn every night with our well-renowned culinary skills.

“Everyone ready?” he called, to an assorted chorus of affirmatives. “Then let us begin this Quest of the Five Chefs!” he declared, and flicked the plaited yak-hair reins to urge forward his dray-beast.

“Is that what you’re calling this expedition?” asked Arriao Entar with a grin.

“One must call something something,” Prosatio Silban replied.

The first part of the journey took them via ferry over ever-roiling Teardrop Lake to the busy port of Ruins-Across-the-Water. The ferry-port crouched beneath the shelter of a tall basalt cliff, atop which lay the ancient and eponymous ruins – a favorite haunt of Pormaris’ eager picnickers, would-be poets, trysting lovers, and similar furtive types.

“Our first objective is the Bouncing Wench tavern at populous Yellow Meadows, three dayrides west of here,” Apista Thurtok said after they landed. “We may as well get comfortable.”

“Does anyone know a good riding-song?” asked Olto Grex.

“We are cooks, not bards,” replied Pireola Zash.

“Why can we not be both?” queried Olto Grex.

“This is going to be a long voyage,” grumbled Arriao Entar.

“But at least we will eat well,” Prosatio Silban said. “It promises also to be a voyage of small pleasures – which, in my opinion, are the very best kind.”

* * *
Yellow Meadows was cradled between two east-to-west lines of rolling hills, divided by the icy Iranon Creek. The tamped-earth road had given the intermittently bivouacking adventurers few travel-related problems on their three-day trek, save for the odd voonith and night-creeping viper, and they arrived happy and hungry at the door of the Bouncing Wench.

The crowded tavern was loud with the sound of tipsy revelers. Freestanding tables were scattered here and there, and a long, L-shaped bar occupied most of two adjoining walls. The great brick hearth was aglow with flames, and a dog-turned, hen-burdened roasting spit made its slow rotations, giving off the most seductive aromas. A young girl dutifully mopped the birds with the brimming contents of a close-by bucket.

“We would like to order enough honeywine-basted fidget-hen to fill five famished bellies, please,” Apista Thurtok told the arriving servant-boy, and raised an inquiring eyebrow at his colleagues. “Do we want accompaniments, or ...?”

“That would be my suggestion,” the boy said. “The hens are somewhat on the small side.”

“Then we’ll want it the way you want it,” said Olto Grex.

The boy smiled. “I would add jacketed new potatoes and sauced cauliflower. But then, I am hungry.”

“So are we,” Apista Thurtok said. “Order something for yourself as well – we’ll pay the charge.”

“Thank you! I shall return with all speed.”

A short time later he did, bearing fragrant and steaming platters. The hens shone golden and appealing in the light of both hearth and the ubiquitous fatberry lamps, the potatoes’ skins were dusky with hearth-roasted virtue, and a glistening greens-puree adorned the cauliflower. Prosatio Silban’s stomach began to growl in anticipation as the serving-boy loaded the company’s table, and after a brief communal prayer of thanks to the All-Mother for her bounty, the ravenous cooks set to work without further conversation.

“We will find it hard put to equal this heroic repast,” Apista Thurtok said, at last putting down her fork with a contented sigh.

“You haven’t yet tasted the inwards-stew from One in Silver,” Olto Grex replied, wiping his mouth with a black linen napkin. “This was good, yes. But theirs ... well. It must be tasted to be believed.”

* * *
Two days out from Yellow Meadows, en route to the One in Silver, their troubles began.

“I still say you should have put less pepper in last night’s greens-and-meat porridge,” Olto Grex complained to Arriao Entar as the company progressed through the wide, fatberry bush-strewn countryside on their way to Crows’ Path. “For one thing, it will spoil our appetite for the stew we’ll eat tomorrow night. For another –”

“Please! We are wearied by your incessant whining!” interrupted Pireola Zash. “We will pitch tonight’s camp within the hour, and then you can take a turn at victual-duties. Meanwhile, leave the rest of us in quiet peace!”

Olto Grex opened his mouth for an incisive retort when, with a terrible splintering crash, his cart toppled to one side. “Help!” he cried as he tumbled to the ground, then cried out again in inarticulate agony. The party halted, voicing concerned variations of “Oh no!” and “What’s wrong?”

“My shoulder!” Olto Grex. “I’ve injured my shoulder!”

Prosatio Silban hopped down from the galleywagon and probed with light fingers. “It’s dislocated, and needs resetting,” he pronounced, then raised beseeching eyes to his companions. “Does anyone have a stronger arm and stomach than mine?”

“I do,” piped up Apista Thurtok, and dismounted from her boar. Taking firm hold of Olto Grex’s arm, she warned, “This may hurt more than a little.”

“It already hurts ‘more than a little!’”

“Even so. Brace yourself for a short, sharp shock.” So saying, she set her feet and yanked. Hard.

“YAAAH!” Olto Grex cried, and sucked in a lungful of frigid air. He lifted his arm, swiveling it with delicacy this way and that, then sighed with partial relief. “Better. Still sore, of course, but it is better. Thank you – and thanks also to Arincenea, Patroness of Desperate Medicaments.”

“Try to favor it until we can get you to a healer’s care,” Apista Thurtok said.

“That will not be easy,” said Arriao Entar. “We are still a dayride from semi-civilization – a one-zebra Reckless Hills settlement. Their medical options may be rudimentary at best. Meanwhile, we will have to do something about your cart and animal.”

“I suppose we, or at least one of us, could go ahead, and send back for you someone from the village?” Pireola Zash asked. “A cartwright, say?”

“You’re assuming they have someone, and a conveyance, to spare,” Prosatio Silban said. “We may have to break off our quest.”

“No!” said Olto Grex. “I won’t hear of it. We will leave the broken cart here, share my load among us, and tether my zebra to the other cart so it can follow. I am that anxious to share with you my best-meal candidate. Please. We may as well stop for the night anyway.”

The travelers looked at each other, then Pireola Zash spoke. “Very well,” she said. “Fortunately, our carts are not over-laden, and we can fashion for you a sling. We’ll manage somehow.”

* * *
The Reckless Hills divided the Commonwell from the vast and vacant Western Wides beyond, and were so-called by cautious Uulians who considered reckless anyone who passed through them. Blessed by a bountiful hot-spring, and located between a blacksmith and a wind-driven mill, One in Silver was the village’s only other main attraction. The inn was a rambling two-level affair, partly built into the side of one of the northern hills. Its half-timbered bulk was dotted with lozenge-paned windows and boasted a capacious stable. A young boy in a long, warm-looking coat climbed out of the porch swing he had been occupying.

“Welcome to Crows’ Path, what there is of it,” he said with a rueful but sincere smile. “We can offer food and shelter for you and your beasts, and a good relaxing soak.”

“Is there a healer hereabouts?” Olto Grex asked, wincing. “I have had a mishap, and require such services.”

“Not as such,” the youth replied. “Our Sacreant is a renowned healer, and rides a regular circuit between here, Woods’ Edge, Pastisi, Vineol, and Yellow Meadows. However, I do not know when she’ll next return. Three to five days, perhaps?”

“That is part of our route as well,” Prosatio Silban said. “With the All-Mother’s help and will, we may encounter her ... somewhere. Meanwhile, we thank you for your kindness, and please” – he handed the boy a few copper coins – “see to our animals’ comfort.”

The interior of the One in Silver was warm and inviting in a fire-lit, noisy sort of way. The inn’s customers included travelers and local farmers, and the weary companions sat down at a round, six-seat table with grateful sighs.

“How is your shoulder?” asked Arriao Entar.

“Not as I would like,” Olto Grex replied. “It hurts less than before Apista Thurtok favored me with her kind attentions, but it still hurts quite a bit. I can introduce to you tonight’s offering, but I cannot travel further like this.”

“What shall we do?” wondered Apista Thurtok. “We can’t just leave you here.”

The others nodded their assent, but Olto Grex shook his head. “That is exactly what you must do,” he said. “Let us first eat, and see to our rooms afterward. Then fill me with enough spirits to dull my pain-wracked senses. I will see you off tomorrow and wait for the Sacreant. But now, we eat! The dish in question is called ‘inwards-stew,’ and the name is well-placed. It is composed of hardy greens, hearty vegetables, and such ‘cast-off’ meats as fidget-hen livers, ox heart, goat tripe, and other assorted offal.”

“Awful is right,” said Pireola Zash, making a face. “Sounds appalling.”

“You are used to cooking beef and lamb filet and other posh dainties for your Heir Second house-patron,” Arriao Entar said. “This is real food, as cooked and eaten by real people. I skewer and sell these meats by the tens every day.”

“At least taste it,” Olto Grex told the reluctant Pireola Zash. “That’s all I ask. Would I have brought you here if I thought it unworthy?”

“Gentles,” said a sudden serving-girl. “What can we provide for you?”

“Five deep bowls of stew, as many small loaves of your most excellent bread, five generous ales, and at least one bottle of your cheapest spirits,” Olto Grex said. “And please – hurry the spirits.”

As the girl departed, a gruff voice sounded from behind the injured cook. “Excuse us. You are sitting in our seats.”

A half-dozen rough-hewn men ringed the table, and glowered at the cooks. Prosatio Silban stood up across from the speaker and opened his arms. “Friends, there seems to be some mistake,” he said with a smile.

“Yes – and you’ve made it,” the ruffian growled.

“We have traveled long and far, and my friend is injured. Please – let us take our ease. There are other tables, and –”

“We want this one.”

“Why so?”

“It’s our lucky table,” a second lout said with an uncouth snort.

Arriao Entar stood up, muscles a-bulge beneath his furry tunic, and stared down the spokesman. “Find another,” he said with dead calm.

“And if we don’t?”

“We are cooks,” the steel-eyed Apista Thurtok said as she too arose. “You do not want to find out.”

A moment passed, then: “Come on, fellows,” the first lout said. “Leave them be.” As the discomfited oafs retreated, the three cooks reseated themselves.

“How did you all do that?” Pireola Zash asked.

Arriao Entar let out a long breath. “Prolonged practice,” he said.

“It’s what you learn from working in a Pormaris inn’s kitchen,” Apista Thurtok added.

Just then, their serving-girl – trailing two assistants – arrived with the orders. They placed a red clay tureen before each diner, each almost overflowing their rich, mahogany-colored contents. Tall ceramic mugs topped with creamy foam completed the picturesque array. Olto Grex lost no time in removing the spirits-bottle’s cork with his teeth; he puffed it onto the sawdust-covered floor and took a long pull. “Gah!” he said finally. “That will help dull something. Now – let us tuck in!”

All began eating but Pireola Zash. “I can’t at all tell what’s in here,” she said, dipping a tentative spoon into the thick brown stew and swirled it about. “What did you say it was?”

“Whatever it is, it’s delicious,” Apista Thurtok told her, taking a third mouthful.

Pireola Zash hesitated, then lifted the laden utensil to her nostrils and inhaled. “It does smell good,” she said. She touched her tongue to it, and her face lit up. “By my sainted great-aunt!” she enthused, and dug in with gusto.

“You see?” crowed Olto Grex. “I would never have brought you here otherwise. Excuse me.” He lifted the bottle to his lips and took another robust drink. “It’s not duliac, but it’s fiiiiine natheless,” he said, slurring a bit.

“Can you do that for ‘three to five days?’” Prosatio Silban asked, worry shading his voice. “The inn’ll run out of spirits before you run out of pain.”

“It’s a race, yes,” Olto Grex said. “But one I’m determined to win.”

The company fell quiet, save for chewing and slurping, as each member saw with diligence to his or her own portion. Afterward, and all together, they pushed their empty bowls aside, their faces shining with joy.

“That was good,” said Apista Thurtok. “Very good.”

“I stand corrected,” said Pireola Zash, “and am now a believer.”

 “I believe I’ll have ‘seconds,’” said Prosatio Silban, and raised his hand to signal the serving-girl. “Miss?”

“Best inwards-stew I’ve ever tasted,” said Arriao Entar. “And that’s saying a lot.”

 “I tole you all, din’t I?” pronounced Olto Grex with care, and belched. “Excuse me.”

* * *
 “I don’t think it’s fair for us to have abandoned our injured brother,” Apista Thurtok said. “Now we are but four, and with that many more meals to judge ...”

 “I see your point,” Prosatio Silban said. “Of course, what we did not realize in our zeal to begin this quest was that we might very well have each voted for our own favorite meal. O sweet duliac! You are balm to the soul, but play hob with the reason.”

“I suppose we’re just sharing now, rather than competing,” Arriao Entar said. “Not that there’s any harm in that. After all, we are at the far end of our journey, and will soon turn back to Pormaris by way of our next two stops. Speaking of which, what does Pireola Zash have in store for us?”

It had taken the party more than a day to arrive at their third destination, a lone freehold near the darkly rumored Old Forest. The village of Woods’ Edge lay another half-dayride to the south, but the substantial, thatched structure with its detached barn and adjoining grain-fields appeared strong enough to stand against any unwanted interlopers. And had there been any, the three stocky field-hands lounging by a split-log table in the front yard would have made short work of them.

“Let me tell you what awaits!” the house-chef replied, her eyes wide with excitement. “It is a type of sausage, but not at all of meat – save for its beef-intestine casing. Stuffed with barley-bran, chicken fat, and fine-chopped vegetables, it is both filling and flavorsome. I first discovered it when I passed through here and was offered a place to stay for the night. I only hope – aha! Mother Arandra! We are here to sup at your table.”

An ample-framed woman waved at them from the doorway. “Mistress Pireola!” she called. “So good to see you again. And who are these with you?”

Introductions were made, conveyances arranged, and the group took their seats at the table as their beaming hostess disappeared inside.

“’Barley-bran sausage?’” Apista Thurtok whispered with a smirk.

 “I’ll have you know she’s won quite a few Woods’ Edge Faire awards for her cooking,” Pireola Zash murmured to Apista Thurtok with a touch of heat. “And if it wasn’t tasty, we wouldn’t be here.”

“Sounds intriguing to me,” Arriao Entar whispered back. “I’ll try anything at least once.”

“... says the man who cooks guts for a living,” Apista Thurtok rejoined.

Arriao Entar turned to her for a rebuttal, but just then Mother Arandra reappeared bearing a wooden serving dish piled high with crisp-looking brown disks the size of Prosatio Silban’s palm. A tantalizing scent permeated the immediate vicinity, and the cooks’ mouths watered in expectation. Two young women, by their looks Mother Arandra’s daughters, passed around two other platters: one heaped with cubes of hot potato-pudding, the other with a salad of buckwheat groats and thumb-thick noodles.

“The ‘sausage’ is baked whole, then sliced and pan-fried,” Pireola Zash explained. “She uses the same recipe as her grandmother’s grandmother.”

“In those days, meat was uncommon,” their hostess commented. “We had to make do with what we found at hand. When times grew more prosperous, we kept making this because it tasted so good.”

This time, it was Apista Thurtok’s turn to pick gingerly at her food. She cut a tiny piece of sausage, put it in her mouth, and chewed with care. She raised her eyebrows and took a bigger morsel. “My apologies,” she said. “This is one of the most delicious things I’ve ever eaten!”

“You see?” Pireola Zash crowed. “Food doesn’t need to be fancy to be good. There’s a reason peasants are so sturdy.”

“And strong!” one of the field-hands added, forking into a sausage-slice.

At that moment, a broad-winged raptor with iridescent green feathers flew into view and circled over their heads. As they watched in astonishment, it descended by degrees, then landed next to Pireola Zash.

“The Jade Hawk!” exclaimed Prosatio Silban. “For whom is it bound?”

The bird wore a soft leather harness festooned with small, tightly folded slips of rag-paper, each bearing a name. Pireola Zash fingered through these, then sat bolt upright.

“It’s for me!” she exclaimed, plucking the note from the harness. Opening it, she read the contents aloud. “‘Mistress Pireola: Please return with speed. (signed) m’Lady Vajang Durella.’”

“Does she say why?” Arriao Entar asked.

“No. The Jade Hawk post-service is expensive and needs be concise, even for the nobility. By the All-Limiter! It is five dayrides back to Pormaris taking the most direct route, and I must leave at once. Fortunately, the roads are good and well-trafficked, so I will have no lack of fellow-travelers.”

“What about our shared equipment?” Apista Thurtok asked. “With no zebra-cart ...”

“I suppose the greater part of that task would fall to me and my galleywagon,” Prosatio Silban said. “Your mount can take on a few extra bundles – the bedrolls, say – and I can haul the victuals and water. The question is, though: shall we continue, or quit?”

“I was looking forward to sharing with you our next destination, and the one after that,” Arriao Entar said. “However, whether or not we continue, it will still be some dayrides further ere we behold once again Pormaris’ homely spires and mélange of cooking-aromas. Master Prosatio” – he turned to the cook-errant – “you are my carrier. I am at the mercy of your kindness and forbearance. If you feel the food is still worth the journey, let us keep going.”

The remaining three assessed each other in silence while Pireola Zash began to off-load their common property. Apista Thurtok broke the quiet with a light but deliberate cough.

“I say we go on,” she said. “It is worth our journey, at least at this point, and I can bear my share of the load. And truth to tell, I am curious to see how this tale turns out.”

“As am I,” Prosatio Silban said. “So, then – let us continue.”

* * *
Though armed with high hopes, the traveling trio hadn’t counted on yet another depletion of their diminished ranks.

It had been six still-merry days since they left Woods’ Edge, and their arrival at Shellbright had almost gone unnoticed. The Heir Second Eldotis Baran’s opulent southernmost demesne counted the industrious village as its home, as did an active working-port. The River Reaching connected all three of the Commonwell’s provincial capitals – many-harbored Soharis on the Rimless Sea; decadent Pormaris, City of Gourmands; and grim-hearted Tirinbar, City of Toil – and the riparian artery was thronged with painted fishing boats and lines of low-sailing mercantile barges.

“Wait until you taste Rolias Eyeop’s stock,” Arriao Entar told his companions as they approached their objective. “It simmers for a week before he decants it into bowls, and the depth of flavor – by Scofi! No words can describe it, only enthusiastic animal grunting. Master Pletum! Oi! How long has it been?”

The thickset fisherman-cook looked up from the well-deck of a well-built fishing craft, where he tended a bubbling number of lidded pots set on brick-built sailors’ cookstoves. He broke into an enormous grin as he heard his name and saw who had named him.

“Arriao Entar! The actual man himself!” he said. “I am surprised that they let you out of the city. How goes it?”

His friend returned the smile. “Rolias Eyeop, I am pleased to introduce to you my colleagues Prosatio Silban and Apista Thurtok,” he said. “They have not yet broken bread at your table, and that is an oversight I cannot wait to correct. May we have some of what you’re famous for?”

Rolias Eyeop set a wide board atop a nearby barrel-head and tapped it with one hand. “Here is where reputations are made,” he said, and winked. “I will return with dishes and implements of destruction. One moment, if you please.” He withdrew into the boat’s forecastle.

“What are we in for?” Apista Thurtok asked.

“Something wonderful,” Arriao Entar replied, and stifled a cough. “Patience.”

Their host returned with a modest armful of servingware, which he laid out on the improvised table, then lifted the lid from a large stock-pot, releasing a cloud of savory steam. The visiting cooks’ eyes grew wide with pleasant expectancy.

“This is rendered from a dozen different types of river-born seafood,” Rolias Eyeop said with pride as he ladled a clear but viscous liquid into three large wooden bowls. “I fish them myself, and prepare them to boot. Been doing it that way for nigh on forty year, and is second-nature to me now – as is never sending away anyone who’s still hungry. Eat up now! No good when it’s cold.”

The cooks lifted their bowls and inhaled. They could not put their olfactory fingers on exactly what the stock smelled like, save a redolence of brine and fish-meat. Prosatio Silban dipped his spoon, placed it in his mouth, and his eyes rolled back with a satisfied groan.

“Oh, by all that’s holy!” he breathed.

“Where has this been all my sheltered life?” Apista Thurtok exclaimed. “I cannot believe I’ve never had the like!”

“The aroma. The texture. The flavor,” commented Arriao Entar, stifling another cough.

“Are you alright?” Prosatio Silban asked with concern.

Arriao Entar shook his head. “It’s just a dry throat. I’ll be fine,” he said, and sneezed into the crook of his elbow.

“You don’t look ‘fine,’” Apista Thurtok said. “Your face is flushed, you’re sweating on a cold day, and your eyes are sagging. Are you sure you’re alright?”

Arriao Entar raised a hand to his moist forehead. “Now that you mention it (cough), I could use a bit of a lie-down,” he said.

“I have just the thing,” Rolias Eyeop said. “Hot mint-root tea, and a comfortable berth. Come aboard with me.”

Coughing openly now, the suffering cook allowed himself to be led away. “I’ll be back soon,” he said. “An hour’s nap and I’ll be right as spring rain.”

Prosatio Silban and Apista Thurtok squinted at each other. “This is getting ridiculous,” said the latter. “We have gone from five travelers to two! He’ll need more than an hour’s nap, I’ll tell you that, and we’d better be prepared to leave him here under the fisherman’s care.”

The cook-errant frowned. “I am afraid I agree,” he said. “My galleywagon only sleeps one, and our travel-mate is in no condition now to ride with either of us. But anyway, we are heading home. If we leave here at dawn, we’ll reach my best-meal candidate by nightfall, may Angrim’s stark fist so will it! Then it’s a steady and quick two-day push to Ruins-Across-the-Water and home.”

“We will leave him enough coin to join us in Pormaris by coach,” said Apista Thurtok and lifted her loaded spoon. “Meanwhile, we might as well finish this truly delicious soup. I’m sure it’s what Arriao Entar would want us to do.”

* * *
The sign for Rose-garland’s Arrow-and-Wheel was almost invisible in the growing dark, but the inn itself was well-lit and welcoming even from the outside. Like the other lodgings bearing that name, it was two stories and a barn of half-timbered solidity, and an amber glow flowed from the hostel’s many small round windows.

Apista Thurtok and Prosatio Silban, having seen to the comfort and provender for their mount and dray-beast, marched up the broad front steps and through the iron-hinged doors. They had just time enough to survey the well-filled tables and warming hearth when a scream cut through the room like a bloody scalpel.

“Stop! Thieves!” a female voice cried.

Two young men bolted from the long bar opposite the doors. They wore the rough garb of laboring-class Uulians, their lower faces were wrapped in identity-obscuring scarves, and they would have reached the doors but for the well-placed and -timed legs of Prosatio Silban and Apista Thurtok causing them to trip and sprawl forward on the sawdust-and-sand-covered floor.

“I don’t believe this belongs to either of you,” Prosatio Silban said as he retrieved a heavy coin-purse from one would-be thief’s grasp.

“Thank you, thank you!” gushed the proprietress, a short and buxom woman in a long purple caftan. She took the pouch and signaled to a pair of brawny farmers, then turned to her two benefactors.

“Whatever may I do to thank you?” she asked as the strapping farmers dragged away the thwarted miscreants.

“Two plates of your famed citrus beef, preceded by a tall bottle of white duliac,” the cook-errant said, and cast at his companion a significant look. “Also, if you please, an ample serving of bejeweled rice.”

The proprietress winked and nodded before sashaying toward the kitchen. Prosatio Silban smiled after her and turned his gaze to Apista Thurtok. “There is always something going on in this place,” he said.

The duliac bottle and glasses arrived almost immediately, and Prosatio Silban lost no time in filling first his companion’s vessel and then his own.

Apista Thurtok raised her glass. “’To absent friends,’” she quoted.

“That is a toast to which I shall always drink,” the cook said, and did so.

Until the rest of their order arrived, they reminisced about the sights they had seen and the experiences they had shared. As they discussed the apprehended thieves, a serving-boy brought a generous portion of deep-fried, orange-sauced beef cubes with sliced and scattered green onions. A great dish of blue rice accompanied it, studded with raisins and diced dried figs, apricots, and dates.

“Is it not everything I said it would be?” asked Prosatio Silban after their first taste.

“And more,” Apista Thurtok replied, chewing with enthusiasm. “You’d think the beef would overwhelm the rice, but it doesn’t. It is a perfect complement in every way.”

“Just as our journeys have complemented our repasts,” the cook-errant said. “For all that, I think we should divide our collected monies between our two under-weathered companions. When they return to epicurean Pormaris, that is.”

“I agree, and I am sure that Pireola Zash would as well,” Apista Thurtok said, helping herself to seconds. “And yet, for all that, I feel an inexplicable stab of guilt at being one of the only two who have tasted everything we five set out to taste.”

“I can understand your saying that,” answered Prosatio Silban with a contented, if enigmatic, smile. “But life’s little pleasures are always there for the taking, no matter who takes them – or how, or when.”

“So. Was all this excellent food really worth our long journey?” Apista Thurtok asked.

“Depending on the particular journey,” the cook-errant replied, raising his glass, “everything is.”




Quintessence


“WHAT IS THE MOST IMPORTANT element of the Perfect Meal?” someone once asked Prosatio Silban.

“The company,” came his reply.

“But cannot one have a Perfect Meal by oneself?” his inquisitor persisted.

The cook-errant thought for a moment, then smiled. “Only if that one,” he said, “is at One – or at least, in some measure, at peace.”




Ambitious Intern
In which Our Hero has reservations, and we again bid him adieu.


ONE OF THE BEST WAYS to learn what you know is to teach it to someone else – and sometimes, to yourself.

Prosatio Silban swore under his breath and pondered what to do next. His latest intern had convinced him that some people shouldn’t come near a kitchen, much less work in one.

That was the case with Vello Pirior, who had distinguished himself by spilling expensive ingredients, dropping fragile or injurious equipment, and almost burning down the cook-errant’s cozy galleywagon – comfortable for a party of one, but uninhabitable depending on the personality and habits of a second party.

The Cook For Any Price had gotten into this professional predicament through a good-faith request by his old friend and colleague, Crasso, the current Ranking Culinarian at Pormaris’ Archive of Gastronomic Artifice. In addition to a culinary museum, reference library, and all-around resource center, the Archive also offered formal classes for cooks and would-be cooks hoping to enhance their skills or learn the trade. It was this latter instance in which Prosatio Silban now found himself, having played mentor for week-long intervals to a mixed assortment of hopeful aspirants.

“We want the students to have a taste – pardon the pun! – of a working cook’s life,” Crasso had said. “And who better to initiate them than you?”

Prosatio Silban’s unintended ordeal had begun with Arfus Ied: a decent enough chap, but one who would hold forth for long whiles on the various philosophies and particulars of Commonwell cookery, despite knowing very little – if anything – of what he was talking about. Next came Alekka Zarn, a young woman with a penchant for drama and a protective love of all things living.

“Fidget-hens?! D’you know the conditions under which they are raised?” she demanded.

“For that reason, I only buy from ethical meat-farmers, who –” began Prosatio Silban.

“There are no ethical meat-farmers! You shouldn’t be buying them at all, anywhere! Those hens are sentient beings – you can’t just eat them because the notion takes you!”

She was succeeded by Penzo Alkalar, another fine youth, but one who needed help holding the safe end of a chop-knife and stirring a simple pot of soup. Thus, despite Crasso’s glowing accolades, it was with anticipatory unease that he greeted Saneia Thuviarl one morning.

“You’ll love her,” the Ranking Culinarian had said. “She’s quick, curious, attentive, inventive, and has a respectable grasp of our craft’s fundamentals. And you might yourself get something out of the experience.”

I wonder, Prosatio Silban thought with a dour frown, as he opened wide the galleywagon door in answer to her brisk knock.

“Good morning,” he said, with half-hearted sincerity. “Welcome to my domain.”

Saneia Thuviarl entered the galleywagon with a warm and genuine smile. “I first want you to know that I appreciate that you’re even considering me,” she said. “I hope to learn whatever you can teach me, and help me to become more than I am.”

Her appearance matched her manner – a cheerful, open face; kind, alert eyes; and the sort of relaxed bearing that suggested a panther ready to spring. Her strong hands were calloused, evidently from long acquaintance with a chop-knife and retrieval of hot items from a roaring oven. She took in the galleywagon’s interior with measured appraisal and happy approval.

“I love how this space is arranged,” she said. “The stove next to the preparation-counter, across from your pantry and – is that a magiked coldbox? I’ve often heard of such things, but never hoped to see one. May I?”

“Please.”

She lifted the heavy lid and peered inside. “The interior seems larger than the outside would have you believe. Fascinating! I see also that you have it divided into zones of relative coldness. Do you have a problem with over-refrigeration, say of delicate items such as fresh palm-berries?”

Prosatio Silban started. “I do, yes,” he confessed. “But I thought I was the only one who noticed that. It has more than once posed a challenge to my practice.”

“You might want to wrap them in salted-water burlap,” Saneia Thuviarl said. “It works in the Archive’s ice-vaults, and I see no reason why it shouldn’t do the same here.”

A pinprick of disquiet pierced the cook’s vitals. She’s good, he thought. I shall have to watch her, just like she’s watching me.

* * *

By the week’s end, Prosatio Silban’s pinprick had become a stab. Saneia Thuviarl had reorganized for greater efficiency his coldbox, pantry, and ceiling-mounted tangle of herbs, meats, cheeses and cookware; demonstrated creative shortcuts for braising, pan-frying, roasting and stewing; tweaked Onward’s fatberry-cake diet to somewhat lessen the dray-beast’s considerable girth; introduced a baker’s-dozen of new and tasty ingredients, including desert sage, fruited cheese, and green duliac-vinegar; and so intuited his tasks and requests that they were accomplished before he could state them.

And she’s so damnably easygoing that all these innovations appear artless and sensible, he thought. Next to her, I am a beached elephant-seal. This woman could not be less threatening – so why do I feel so threatened?

With reluctant tread, he climbed the stairs to the Ranking Culinarian’s office atop the Archive’s sprawling, three-story bulk to give his report on her activities and suitability.

“Well?” Crasso asked. “How was she? Are you duly impressed?”

“I ...” Prosatio Silban began, then stopped. What can I say? That she makes me feel old and in the way? That the job is not for her? That I have never been more fearful of anyone in all my days as a mercenary cook? I don’t wish to undermine my own status, or hers, but I cannot be less than honest.

“Excuse me for a moment,” he told Crasso. “Before I can give you an accurate and objective account, there is a matter to which I must first attend.”

With that, he descended the stair-flights and made his way back to the galleywagon, where Saneia Thuviarl was anticipating his return at one of the two tables-and-chairs.

“I have something to say to you,” he said. “And it is not easy.”

“Oh,” she said, a shadow of concern flickering at the edges of her mouth. “What is that?”

He sat down across from her, and met-her eyes with fierce determination.

“Teach me,” he said. “No matter long it takes, please – teach me.”

Culinary Concordance


- Ambiguous Twins: date fritters
- Ambitious Intern: desert sage, fruited cheese, green duliac-vinegar, fresh palm-berries
- Antecedent History: blue duliac; “small parcels wrapped in broad hedge-leaves”
- Artful Dodge: decorated shortbreads
- Boundary Crossers: hash of red-rind and oal; roasted goat; yava
- Centuried Stew: eight-hundred-year-old stew
- Counting Time: sandwiches, pasties, sausage-on-a-stick, and other portable meals
- Curious Artifact: oysters and other finger-foods
- Dining Companion: “maladrio” five ways
- Dire Straits: three types of freshwater mollusks, crimson-flesh potatoes, sugar onions, song-apples; pickled squab-fruit, roast tenderloin of oal in roget sauce, glazed pine-nibs, desiccated hasperat, shallow-poached cloud pudding
- Final Refection: scarlet potatoes and pounded beef, both fried in goose-fat; rye toast and butter; three poached hens’ eggs; gravy; hot yava with sugar and cream
- Fine Print: pungentine and tomato salad; blended berry-and-groundnut sandwiches
- Friend’s Favor: various unnamed breakfasts including jaraanga beans, hot yava, and dumplings and gravy; boiled wheat-threads
- Game Game: roasted targum-haunch, assorted chopped fruits; smoked breast of flightless phoenix-duck, black de-stoned peaches
- Gourmet Gallivant: roasted fidget-hen basted in honeywine, jacketed new potatoes, sauced cauliflower; greens-and-meat porridge; inwards-stew with hardy greens, hearty vegetables, fidget-hen livers, ox heart, goat tripe, assorted offal, beef and lamb filet “and other posh dainties,” “excellent bread,” ale, “cheapest spirits ; barley-bran sausages, hot potato-pudding, buckwheat groats with noodles; viscous fish-stock; bejeweled rice, citrus beef, white duliac; blue duliac
- Holy Terror: “cheap spirits;” greasy fried fare
- Humble Pie: finfruit pie
- Idol Fancy: blue duliac
- Indicator (Amuse-Bouche): omelets; “the fiery-and-acerbic soup beloved of distant M’zir”
- Integrated Pests: fidget-hen eggs, cow’s milk, butter, potatoes, onions, bread, “and other meal products;” corn meal; kobi-nuts
- Leg Up: lizard-steak and grilled beets; omelet with chopped greens and braised giant’s-thumb mushrooms; yava
- Quintessence (Amuse-Bouche): ‘the Perfect Meal”
- Recipe Thief: Prosatio Silban’s Humble Frugality, Postila Zarn’s Bacon and Potato Greens, Spunio Dzahn’s Pounded Ox Heart; skewered offal-sausages
- Road Taken: chopped and flame-kissed meats, beggar’s squash, and scoop-roots
- Royal Fete: (anthropophagous?) stew with roots, tubers, and volcano peppers
- Senseless Struggle: fried mudfish, fidget-hen eggs, and chopped tomato-and-pepper relish; hand-picked makara-herb infusion; Harduin’s Restorative
- Service (Amuse-Bouche): poached fidget-hen eggs, salt-cod-and-potato hash, stone-rye toast, hot yava
- Sobering Desolation: icy wellspring water
- Speedy Feasts: white duliac; barley-spirits; fried tripes-patties; crispy fried chicken, butter-and-sugar corn, fried potato spears, “Ginger-root Fizz”
- Tainted Wind: toothwood twigs; warm yava; blue duliac, both neat and heated; cold-leaf tea; pungentine salve; powdered clotwort; scrubroot salve
- Tourist Trap: crawfish-beer stew, olive-and-cheese bread, white duliac; citrus-beef noodles
- Unfinished Business: “tins of mumblefish and other tasty sea creatures; boxes of various-shaped noodles; sacks of blue rice, jaraanga beans, and assorted flours; bottled vinegars, oils and duliacs; containers of this, packages of that, bundles of something else.”
- Wavering Line: white duliac; Tarz’s Simple in six flavors
- Weekly Vacation: wheat bread, white duliac, truffled cheese, wine-olives, cured beef-sausage, tinned mumblefish, jewel dates
- Why (Amuse-Bouche): grated yak-cheese over hot wheat-threads
- Wicked Stage: green garlic, palm-fruit, lettuce shells, tomatoes, pickle-beans; poppyhorn and hot yava




About Neal

Neal Ross Attinson has worked at various times as a market research drone, spa attendant, printer’s devil, printer, bookseller (new and used), bike messenger, hawker, deckhand/docent, broadcaster, wedding officiant, process server, freelance journalist, and award-winning newspaper reporter. (And that’s just what he’s been paid for.) Other than writing, his current interests include pararabbinics, skywatching, productive daydreaming, informed appreciation, armchair travel, and all matters culinary.



Let’s Connect!

Email: rebnachumtheblogger at gmail dot com
Blog: http://metaphorager.net



# # #
