Copyright 2019 Amy Cross 
All Rights Reserved 
  
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, events, entities and places are either products of the author's imagination or are used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual people, businesses, entities or events is entirely coincidental. 
  
Published by Blackwych Books Ltd., London
First published: September 2019
This edition: February 2021
  
Trapped in Second World War Paris, Chloe Carter desperately tries to find the vampires who caused her to be sent back in time. She soon discovers, however, that vampires are the least of her problems.

Captured by occupying forces and accused of being a witch, Chloe is quickly led to the dungeon of a torturer. There, she's forced to tell the truth about how she ended up in war-torn Paris. Meanwhile, brothers Matthias and Hugo Bane are also in Paris, as Matthias recovers from a devastating injury that left him close to death. Will they discover Chloe in time, and will Matthias finally break his rule about never getting involved with the lives of humans?

The Vampire Burns is the second book in the Three Nights of the Vampire trilogy. Readers are advised to start with the first book. This book ends on a cliffhanger, which is continued in the third and final book in the series.
Table of Contents 
  
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-One
Chapter Thirty-Two
Chapter Thirty-Three
Chapter Thirty-Four
Chapter Thirty-Five
Chapter Thirty-Six
Chapter Thirty-Seven
Chapter Thirty-Eight
Chapter Thirty-Nine
Chapter Forty
Chapter Forty-One
Chapter Forty-Two
Chapter Forty-Three
Chapter Forty-Four
Chapter Forty-Five
Chapter Forty-Six
Chapter Forty-Seven
Chapter Forty-Eight
Chapter Forty-Nine
Chapter Fifty
Chapter Fifty-One
Chapter Fifty-Two
Chapter Fifty-Three
Chapter Fifty-Four
Chapter Fifty-Five
Chapter Fifty-Six
Chapter Fifty-Seven
Chapter Fifty-Eight
Epilogue
The Vampire Burns
Prologue 
  
Many years from now... 
  
“Gran? Are you ready?” 
Startled, I turned to see Harriet standing in the doorway. She was carrying a pile of books that almost reached above her head, and she struggled with the weight as she made her way into the room. 
“I've been doing some research,” she said breathlessly, “and from what I can tell, most vampires come from one of two places. There are hot-blooded vampires, the ones who basically look like normal people, and they're mostly from, like, southern Europe. You know how people say Dracula was from Transylvania? There might be some truth in all of that, even if Dracula himself probably wasn't real. And then you've got cold-blooded vampires, who -” 
“Harriet...” 
“Cold-bloodied vampires seem to come from somewhere else entirely,” she continued as she set the books on my dressing table and turned to me. “They're the ones that look freaky, and they seem to be -” 
“Harriet.” 
“So I did some really major digging, Gran, and I found these texts that talk about vampire history. There are all these names, like Gothos and Patrick and someone called Abby Hart, and events like a battle in the -” 
“Harriet.” 
“What?” 
I hesitated for a moment, before sighing. 
“You're a smart, level-headed girl,” I explained finally. “You're wise beyond your years, and you keep your feet on the ground.” 
“Thanks,” she replied. “I think. But what's your point?” 
“My point,” I said, “is that last night I told you the start of a story that most people would consider to be... implausible, to say the least. I told you about vampires, and about mysterious prophecies, and about time travel! And don't get me wrong, I'm flattered that you believed me, but I can't help wondering why you believed me. And so readily, too. I was fully prepared for you to humor me and for you to dismiss the whole thing as the ravings of a mad old woman.” I paused, waiting for her to respond, but she seemed somewhat lost for words. “I suppose what I'm saying,” I continued, “is that I don't understand why you believe me. Your mother certainly never did.” 
I waited again, but she said nothing and then – after a moment – she took a step toward me. 
“You are so not a mad old woman,” she said firmly. “The truth is, I've picked up on hints over the years, little things that you've mentioned. Little things that Mum refuses to mention, things that freak her out. I've known for a while that something pretty crazy once happened to you, Gran. Something that no-one else in the family really wants to talk about or even acknowledge. It's like our family has this weird, dark secret at its heart. I've asked people before, and they've never explained it to me. I've even asked you in the past, and you just smiled and shook your head. So when you opened up to me last night, it was as if all the pieces were finally falling into place.” She paused. “And Gran,” she added after a moment, “there's also the fact that...” 
I waited. 
“I just believe you,” she continued, with a faint shrug. “I listened to you and I believe you. I could tell you weren't lying, if that makes sense.” 
“Thank you,” I replied, and I could feel tears welling in my eyes. 
She hesitated, before coming over and sitting on the bed next to me. There was a momentary pause, and then we both turned and looked at the open window, where the curtains were billowing in a late-night London breeze. Beyond the window, the lights of London could be seen in the darkness. 
“Do you think he'll come tonight?” Harriet asked finally, echoing the question that had been filling my own thoughts. 
“He's so close,” I replied. “I can feel it.” 
That was the truth. There was a sense of great anticipation in my chest, a knot that was being twisted tighter and tighter with each and every passing second; a knot that felt so tight now, I could scarcely understand how I was still breathing. And yet I knew that I would live long enough to see him again. I knew that somehow I would cling to life until his return. 
“And Gran,” Harriet said cautiously, “who are you waiting for?” 
I turned to her. 
“At first I assumed that it must be Matthias,” she continued, “but then I started to wonder whether it might be Hugo. After all, Matthias seemed to die, but I figure that might have been a fake-out. And why would you wait for Hugo? You wouldn't tell me last night. I get it, maybe you don't know or -” 
“Oh, I know,” I told her, interrupting her. “There's only one of them that it can be.” 
“Then -” 
“Take a look at this,” I continued, hoping to distract her for a moment. I reached into my pocket and took out the blue ring that I'd been keeping hidden away for so many years. “It's beautiful, don't you think? I promised that I'd try to dig out some items for you, and... Well, this is one of my oldest possessions in the whole world. Before you ask, I don't even know what type of stone it contains. I took it to a jeweler once, just to see if he could tell me, and he was absolutely flummoxed. He said he'd never seen anything like it before.” 
“Wow,” she said, reaching out and taking the ring from me, before holding it up to get a better look at it in the room's low light, “it's...” 
Her voice trailed off for a moment. 
“Where did you get it?” she asked. 
“I'm going to tell you,” I replied. “If you want to hear the rest of my story, that is.” 
“Are you kidding?” She turned to me, her eyes filled with a sense of wonder and excitement. “I want to know everything, Gran. You mustn't leave anything out, not even the tiniest detail!” She looked back at the ring for a moment. “Did you get this when you went back in time? That's it, isn't it? You got this when you went back to the Second World War and fought the Nazis!” 
“That's not quite what happened,” I told her. 
“And it's some kind of special vampire ring, isn't it?” she continued, clearly letting her imagination run wild. “I bet Matthias got it from somewhere that only vampires can go, and he gave it to you. It symbolizes some kind of eternal link between the two of you, a link that can never be broken.” She stared at the ring for a moment, before suddenly starting to slip it onto her finger. “And -” 
“No!” 
Panicking for a moment, I grabbed the ring away from her before she could do anything foolish. 
“What's wrong?” she asked. 
“Nothing, I just...” 
I took a deep breath and waited for my heart to calm a little. I'd been very wary about showing the ring to Harriet, and I realized now that I should have warned her about its power. Then again, even though she'd been very quick to believe my story up to that point, I wasn't sure how to explain the ring to her. Even for Harriet, that might have been too much to accept, at least without first understanding everything else that had happened. 
Staring at the ring for a moment, I thought back to the very first moment I'd seen it. Or rather, to the first moment I'd been aware of it. After all, its journey into my possession had been rather complicated. 
“Did he know,” I whispered under my breath, “all that time ago? Did he foresee everything? Even this moment?” 
“What do you mean?” Harriet asked. 
“You believed the first part of my story,” I replied, “and I'm grateful to you for that. But what I'm about to tell you, Harriet, might simply be too much. This time you really might think that I'm a mad old woman. In fact, sometimes I even doubt myself.” Still staring down at the ring, I momentarily allowed all the doubts to rush back in. Was I, in fact, just an old fool who'd allowed herself to believe a series of crazy ideas? Out of all the people in the world, why should I have experienced all these incredible things? 
Suddenly, feeling Harriet's hand on my shoulder, I turned to see her watching me. 
“So Matthias exploded,” she said calmly, “or whatever. And you got sent back to the Second World War, where a Nazi guy named Zieghoff assumed you were a witch. Then what?” 
I stared at her for a moment, and after a few seconds my doubts and fears began to recede. I opened my mouth to speak, but then I turned and looked at the open window. The windows were still fluttering, framing the empty space where soon he would stand. He was coming, of that I was certain, but perhaps there was time to tell the rest of my story. 
I swallowed hard. 
“As I looked up into Zieghoff's face,” I said finally, “I somehow felt pure evil emanating from every fiber in his body. And I felt a level of fear that I'd never felt before in all my life.” 
Chapter One 
Chloe 
  
Paris, 1942... 
  
As I looked up into Zieghoff's face, I somehow felt pure evil emanating from every fiber in his body. And I felt a level of fear that I'd never felt before in all my life. It was as if I'd found myself facing the Devil himself. 
“A witch,” he said again, letting the word purr a little as his smile grew. “Ladies and gentlemen, fortune favors us on this day. We stand on the brink of the possession of a great weapon. One that will win this war for us forever.” 
I opened my mouth to say something, but no words came out. I remained frozen in place, not daring to move, not wanting to accept that any of this was really happening. One moment I'd been running for my life in the mansion, and the next I was surrounded by robed figures. 
“Well?” Zieghoff continued. “Are you not going to say anything, witch? There's no point denying what you are. You appeared to us in a blinding flash, conjured up as if from nowhere. There is no rational explanation for your sudden appearance. Your clothing is unusual, it marks you out. And I see the fear in your eyes. So tell me, witch...” 
He leaned closer. 
“Are you going to cooperate?” 
Nearby, somebody said something in German. 
Zieghoff turned and replied to the robed man, and then he turned back to me. 
“My associate speculates that you don't fully understand English,” he explained, “but I think that you do. You have that gaunt, unhealthy, ugly English quality to your features.” He tilted his head slightly. “I'm not wrong, am I” 
“Where...” 
I hesitated for a moment, before realizing that I had to figure out what was happening. 
“Where am I?” I stammered finally. 
“You're at my home, of course,” he replied. “This is Paris, under the benevolent rule of the German army. It is most fortunate that you have materialized here. For all of us. If you had instead materialized in England, you would no doubt have suffered a terrible fate. As things stand, our research has worked. We tried many times to summon one such as yourself, and now here you are. God is most certainly on our side.” 
“What?” I asked. 
“You are confused,” he continued. “I see that. Perhaps you need to rest before you are put to work.” 
“To work?” 
He chuckled and took a step back. “It would seem, ladies and gentlemen, that the witch is tired from her journey here. That is to be expected, and we must prove to her that we are gracious hosts. I propose that the witch be given time to rest. After all, we want to see the full extent of her powers, do we not? Nobody benefits if she is exhausted when first she stands before us.” 
“I'm sorry?” I replied. “Powers?” 
“And she protests,” he continued. “I have told you before, witches are no strangers to the lie. We must all be very mindful of her powers to confuse.” 
I looked around at the robed figures, and I was struck by the intensity of their gazes. It was as if they were waiting for something, as if they'd expected my arrival. 
“Perhaps we have done enough for tonight,” Zieghoff continued. “I shall have word of this development sent to Berlin, and tonight I shall go over the plans I developed for this moment. Then, tomorrow, we can begin to truly interrogate the witch and uncover the secrets of her power. For that is how we can harness the power and use it against our enemies. It is how we are going to win this war.” 
A murmur of approval rose from the crowd, as I slowly got to my feet. A moment later, hearing footsteps coming closer, I began to turn around, only for my arms to be grabbed from behind by two soldiers. 
“Hey!” I yelled. “Get your hands off me!” 
“Think of the power contained within her,” Zieghoff continued, stepping toward me as I struggled against the soldiers. “While our scientists work to extract the power of the atom, I believe witchcraft will help us extract the full power of the human body. Imagine an entire army of such creatures, sent to destroy our enemies. We just need a little help to get to that point.” 
He reached out and touched the side of my face. I tried to turn away, but he quickly gripped my chin and held my head tight, forcing me to look at him once more. 
“You're a key, my dear,” he added with a smile. “A key to a door. And that door leads to a whole new level of power. With your help, we are going to not only win this war. We are going to rule the world for the next ten thousand years.” 
Chapter Two 
Matthias 
  
“You're drunk.” 
“Don't you think I'd know if I were drunk?” I murmured. 
“Don't you think I'd know if you were sober? You look terrible.” 
I reached out to push him away, but somehow I missed and stumbled. I tried to steady myself against the wall, but then the whole floor seemed to tip upside down and I toppled down with a heavy thud. 
Stupid floor. 
“Just because I fell over,” I murmured, taking a moment to stop my head spinning, “doesn't mean that I'm -” 
“You're drunk.” 
“No, I -” 
“Matthias, you're my brother and it pains me to say this, but you are heavily intoxicated. Which isn't a surprise, really, seeing as how you've had a glass in your hand for the past two weeks, without so much as a break.” 
I took a deep breath, and then I slowly looked up at my brother. 
“Hugo,” I said, forcing a smile, “when did you become so utterly boring?” 
“When did you become such a disgrace to the Bane family name?” he replied with that same old sanctimonious tone that always irritated me. “You're literally down on your knees right now, and you can barely string two sentences together. I'm starting to think that maybe I was right last year, when I said that you should get out of Paris. This petty human war seems to be getting to you.” 
“Nonsense,” I said, reaching out and grabbing the side of a nearby chair, and then slowly starting to haul myself up. 
Hugo reached out to help me, but I shrugged him away. 
“The past two years have been the greatest of my life,” I said, limping toward the window at the far end of the house's dining room. I took a glass of wine from a nearby table. “So much death and destruction. So much pain, so much misery. The humans have really outdone themselves this time.” I looked out across the city and I felt a flicker of genuine excitement at the thought of so much life teeming out there in the darkness. “This is so much more enjoyable than their previous wars. When the bombs fall, I can feel the collective fear. I inhale it, Hugo. You can't tell me you don't do the same thing.” 
“I hear London is an even better hunting ground at the moment,” he replied. 
“I want the romance of Paris,” I told him. “I don't know why, but I've always felt that there's something here for me.” 
“You don't seem to have found anything of note so far.” 
“I mean that something's coming here!” I snapped, tiring of his pedantry. I took another swig of red wine from my glass. “You brought me here to convalesce, but that's just the start. Something important is going to happen to me in this city, Hugo. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but eventually. I hesitate to use such words, but in all honesty... I feel as if my destiny awaits in the streets of Paris.” 
“Rubbish,” he said with a sigh. 
“Maybe,” I whispered, but even at that moment I felt the same strange pull that – if anything – had been getting stronger over the previous couple of years. “I can't leave Paris until I've found this thing,” I added. “And while I wait, while I bide my time, why shouldn't I have some fun?” 
I turned and raised my glass toward him. 
“Cheers!” 
To my surprise, I found that he was already heading out of the room. 
“You might be willing to waste your days and nights like this,” he said darkly, “but some of us have more pressing concerns. Mark my words, brother. Some day you will come to regret your actions. I just pray that it's not too late.” 
“Whatever,” I muttered, as I took another sip of wine and then turned to look out once more across the city. “It's coming, brother. It's coming soon. It's getting closer, and...” 
I paused for a moment, as I felt a flicker of tightening anticipation in my chest. Something had changed out there in the streets of Paris, something had swollen slightly to attract my attention. I felt my senses start tingling, I felt a flicker of keenness stir in my mind. 
“And maybe,” I added finally, “this strange thing has finally arrived.” 
Chapter Three 
Chloe 
  
“Wait!” I yelled, as I was shoved hard through the door and sent stumbling into a prison cell. “There has to be some kind of mistake!” 
I turned around, just as the guard slammed the metal door shut and turned a key in the lock. I rushed over and grabbed the bars, but I was too late. 
“I'm a British citizen!” I stammered, unable to keep from pulling again and again on the door in the vain hope that it might somehow slip open. “You can't do this to me!” 
The guard muttered something in German and turned to walk away. 
“My name is Chloe Carter!” I yelled. “Stop!” 
The guard did stop, but he was grinning as he turned to me. 
“My name is Chloe Carter,” I said again, trying desperately to remain somewhat calm, “and there's been some kind of mistake. Please, you have to help me. You have to contact the British government and tell them that I'm here. They'll sort everything out. Obviously I'm trapped in some kind of... escape room? Is that what this is? A really, really intense escape room?” 
The guard chuckled. 
“Do you even understand me?” I continued. “Even if this was the Second World War, I'd have rights. You can't just lock me in here and... and...” 
My voice trailed off. 
The guard said something else, again in German, and then he wandered out into the corridor and shut the thick iron door. 
“No!” I shouted, rattling the bars again. “Come back! Please! I need to talk to someone! Anyone!” 
I waited, but the only response was silence. 
Turning, I looked around the cell and scrunched my nose up as I started to notice a really foul smell. The cobbled floor was damp, with pools of water – and possibly other liquids – in various spots. The far wall had a large dark stain that I figured might well be blood, and the only window was a narrow letterbox shaped gap at the top of the wall to my left. There were scratches on all the walls, and it looked as if some previous prisoner had tried to mark time while he was in the cell. It was the most desolate place I'd ever seen in my life, and on top of all that it was also freezing cold. 
“This can't really be happening,” I whispered, with tears in my eyes. “Somehow, this has to be some kind of sick joke.” 
Chapter Four 
Matthias 
  
As I poured myself yet another glass of wine, I felt a shudder of nausea in my belly. I knew I'd already drunk more than enough, and in truth I just wanted to sleep. Yet sleep was an unwelcome option for me at that time, for I knew that the nightmares would return. Better to be drunk, even if – by that point – I hated the taste of anything. Even a good Chianti. 
And I hate to wait. 
Whatever was out there, it needed to become stronger so that I could find it. 
“Matthias?” 
Surprised by the interruption, I turned and saw the pathetic sight of Rimauld standing in the doorway. 
“I'm sorry to bother you,” he continued, “but, well, one's turned up.” 
“I don't need to feed tonight.” 
“This one's fresh, though,” he countered. “Feed now, when you don't need to, and you won't have to worry for the rest of the week.” 
He waited. 
“I mean,” he added, “I could let it go, but that'd seem like such a waste.” 
I opened my mouth to tell him to leave, but at the last moment I realized that there might be a hint of truth in his suggestion. Besides, as much as I hated the idea of leaving the house, I much preferred the taste of blood over wine, and I certainly needed the distraction. Plus, I knew that the blood would have the added benefit of sobering me up a little. The blood would make me stronger. 
Chapter Five 
Chloe 
  
“Gah!” 
My right foot slipped and I fell back, tumbling down from the window and landing hard on the cobbled floor. I banged my elbow hard, and as I sat up I realized that the situation was hopeless. Even if I managed to climb all the way up to the window, it wasn't as if I'd be able to crawl out. And something told me that nobody out there was likely to listen to my pleas for help. 
Every so often I heard voices drifting in through the window, but they were all talking in German. 
I'd been in the cell for hours by that point. I'd seen not a crack of daylight since I'd been put into the cell. I kept telling myself that there was no way anybody would leave a person to languish in such a rotten place overnight, but at the same time I was starting to think that maybe that was exactly what was going to happen. 
In the distance, another loud boom filled the air, then another. 
Bombs. 
I could hear planes, too, and I figured that this must be an air raid. Every so often the explosions sounded closer, and I swear I'd felt the ground shudder beneath my feet. 
I got to my feet and dusted myself down, but on this latest fall I'd managed to land in one of the larger puddles. I sniffed the sleeve of my shirt, and then I started to gag as I got a strong whiff of something that stank an awful lot like pee. 
Suddenly I heard a key turning in a lock, and I glanced over my shoulder just in time to see a woman shuffling through from the corridor. 
“Help me!” I gasped, hurrying over to the bars as I watched her coming toward me with a basket in her hands. “I'm trapped in here! You have to get me out!” 
She looked at me briefly, with deep, soulful eyes, but then she set the basket down and it was clear that she was trying very hard to ignore me. She was young, about my age, and strikingly beautiful, and I watched as she took a chunk of dry-looking bread from the basket and slid it between the bars. 
“What is that?” I asked frantically, trying not to panic. “Food? Are you trying to feed me?” 
She looked at me again, almost apologetically, and then she took a metal cup from the basket and slid that through after the bread. There was water in the cup, although some had already spilled over the sides. 
Another loud explosion boomed in the distance, shaking the cell. 
“Please,” I continued, “I'm begging you. I need you to get help. I need you to call someone. Anyone! There's been a terrible mistake and I'm not supposed to be here! Can't you see that? There's been a terrible mistake.” 
I waited for her to reply, but she meekly picked the basket up and hurried back to the main door. 
“You have to help me!” I shouted, shaking the bars once again. “This isn't right! I need the bathroom! There's no toilet in here! You have to at least let me use the bathroom! It's inhumane to not let me use the bathroom!” 
She turned and looked at me for a moment. And then, just as I thought she might be about to say something, she shut the door and turned the key in the lock. 
“Come back!” I shouted. “You have to call someone! You have to get me out of here!” 
Outside, the air raid continued. 
Chapter Six 
Matthias 
  
“Right in there,” Rimauld remarked a short while later, once we'd taken a short walk to an old factory not too far from the house. “You can't miss her. She's the one whining on the floor.” 
I took a step forward, into the cold darkness. 
“Aren't you forgetting something?” Rimauld added. 
Sighing, I reached into my pocket and took out some money, which I stuffed into his dirty little hands. As I did so, another bomb exploded in the distance. An air raid had begun earlier, bringing more misery to the city. 
“I trust that you already gave the better specimen to my brother?” I asked. 
“You know Hugo doesn't like being given them so easily,” he pointed out. “Hugo prefers the thrill of the hunt. The chase. He's probably out there now, following some poor soul. He doesn't like his meat tossed to him. He doesn't like it easy.” 
I nodded. 
He was right. 
My brother and I were in some ways very different to one another. I drank blood because I needed it for strength, whereas Hugo was a huge fan of the pursuit. He loved the traditions of vampire life, the rituals, and for him the moment of feeding was the final part of a long process. He could be a little weird like that. 
I turned to go through the doorway. 
“Enjoy her,” Rimauld sniggered. 
I hesitated for a moment, with my back to Rimauld. I had never felt the need to hide my disgust at this creature, and there had been many times when I wanted nothing more than to rip him apart. He had worked for my brother for as long as I could remember, and he seemed content to spend his time as a kind of parasite. I had never before met a vampire with such an appalling lack of dignity, and in truth I was angered by the thought that such a wretch could survive in the world. Still, killing him would have invited further conflict with my brother, so I knew that there was no point. And occasionally he could be useful. 
“Get out of here,” I said finally, before slipping into the darkness. 
“They say this raid is going to be a long one!” he called out. 
“So?” 
“Just thought I'd tell you.” 
“You told me. Now leave.” 
As soon as I was inside the factory, my senses were overcome and I forgot all about Rimauld. Instead, I was seized by an intoxicating need to find the shivering wreck that waited in the darkness. All lingering thoughts of pity were washed away by a riding tide of desire. I could not risk using any kind of light, since the streets were supposed to be empty, so I simply made my way slowly through the pitch-black room while listening out for the soft sniffling sound that I knew would be lurking somewhere in the dark. 
And I could already sense her fear. 
Even after just a few seconds, I knew that this specimen was indeed young, although she was certainly an adult. That was good; I preferred to not feed on children. I could smell fresh blood, which meant that she was injured, and above all I could pick up on her absolute terror. Had Rimauld told her about me? Did she know that I was more than just some common murderer? 
A moment later I heard metal chains clanking, and I realized that Rimauld had properly secured her for my arrival. 
“Who's there?” she gasped suddenly, her voice trembling with fear. 
I stopped. 
“Please don't hurt me,” she continued. “I just want to go home.” 
“What is your name?” I asked. 
I heard her let out a startled gasp. 
“What is your name?” I asked again. 
Why? 
Why did her name matter? 
“Helene,” she replied. “What... I mean, who are you? Have you come to help me?” 
“In a manner of speaking,” I said, before stepping forward again. “Certainly your suffering is going to come to an end very soon.” 
I was tantalisingly close now, just a few feet from my victim. The metal chains clanked again, and I could tell that poor, dear Helene was trying very hard to keep from panicking. Rimauld had filled me in with a few details along the way, enough for me to understand that Helene was a poor French woman who'd taken a wrong turn on her way home. She'd probably spent the past few years living in fear, following the invasion of Paris. Most likely, her life had been utterly miserable. 
Realizing that I had reached her, I knelt down. 
I heard the chains moving again. 
She sensed me. 
“Have you come to help me?” she whimpered again, and this time I could hear that she was crying. “Please, I just want to go home. My parents will be expecting me.” 
It is good, I remember thinking, that she cannot see my face. That she cannot see my eyes when I am on the verge of feeding. 
“Are you a good man?” she continued. “I'm sure you are, Sir. If you want something from me, then just take it but... Let me go after you're finished. I won't tell anyone, I promise.” 
A fine offer. 
Perhaps somebody else would have taken her up on it. 
She was clearly a survivor, but she would not survive me. 
I leaned closer, but at that moment I heard a loud bang in the distance, and the light of an explosion briefly lit the room through a shattered window. In that flash, I saw Helene's terrified eyes staring back at me, and she screamed just as darkness returned. 
Then came more bombs. 
The ground shook beneath us, and now the room was lit by an ever-changing orange glow that was cast by explosions across the city. I could hear the distant roar of British planes flying overhead, but my gaze was fixed solely on Helene as she sobbed and pulled herself back into the corner. It was as if she was trying to squeeze herself into the tightest spot possible, in the desperate hope that I would not notice her at all. 
“No!” she cried as I moved closer. “What are you? Please, no!” 
She turned her face away, but in so doing she merely succeeded in exposing the side of her neck. It was in this moment that I finally lost all self control, and I lunged at her in a lusty, bloodied frenzy. Bombs continued to fall outside as I tore Helene's throat open, and she struggled for several more minutes as I slowly drained the blood from her body into mine. It was a nasty, messy scene, but it was also necessary. There was nothing unnatural about the strong feeding upon the weak. 
Chapter Seven 
Chloe 
  
I could hear more voices outside. 
Bombs were still falling in the distance, and the temperature had plummeted. I was so cold, I was actually starting to shiver, and as I stared up at the moonlit window I could actually hear my teeth starting to chatter. 
“Hello?” I called out finally. “Is anyone there?” 
The voices stopped. 
“My name's Chloe Carter,” I continued, “and I'm trapped down here. Can somebody help me? I don't understand what's happening, but -” 
Suddenly the voices started laughing. Big, deep belly laughs, as if they thought something was really funny. 
“Do you understand me?” I shouted. “I'm British and I'm not supposed to be here!” 
The laughter continued, and this time one of the voices started chuckling about something in German. 
“I need help!” I yelled. 
One of the voices shouted something, and the other voice continued to laugh. They sounded very excited about something, and a moment later I heard footsteps getting closer to the window. 
“I need to get out of here!” I shouted. “I'm not -” 
Before I could finish, I saw a hand at the window, and then something was pushed through. I watched as a small object dropped to the ground in front of me, and then to my horror the object twisted around and ran past my feet. I turned and watched as the creature scurried out between the bars, and I realized after a moment that it was a rat. 
The voices were laughing again. 
“That's not funny!” I shouted, turning to look back up at the window. “I'm not scared of rats, you know! I actually think they're kinda cute!” 
I glanced around, just to make sure that the rat was nowhere nearby, and then I turned to the window again. 
“I'm a British citizen!” I said firmly. “I demand to be put in touch with the embassy! Do you hear me? I demand that you respect my rights!” 
Chapter Eight 
Matthias 
  
“Help!” a woman shouted in the street. “Help me!” 
I glanced over my shoulder and saw that a shop was burning. The place had obviously taken a direct hit, and flames were roaring into the night sky. The air raid seemed to have ended, but fires had taken hold in several parts of the city and I could already hear the screams of people trapped nearby. I briefly considered going to help them, but of course I quickly realized that there was no point. 
After all, why bother? 
Human lives were insignificant. They were over in the blink of an eye. And no matter how many humans died, there were always more than enough to take their place. Their deaths, however, could be useful in other ways. That was why my brother and I had ended up in Paris. There was so much pain and suffering, and we could almost absorb it through the night air itself. For an immortal, it can feel very good to be around so much death; for an immortal, death is kind of a turn-on. 
Turning, I continued my walk back toward the house. After emptying the girl of so much of her blood, I felt terribly bloated, and all I wanted was to sleep. Nightmares be damned, I was going to rest for at least twenty-four hours, and I told myself that perhaps all that warm blood would offer some comfort. Did it not make sense that a full, sated creature would sleep more soundly and more pleasantly than one who needed to be fed? That, at least, was the gamble I had resolved to take. Perhaps I wouldn't even need so much wine. 
And then, as I turned the next corner and saw the house ahead, I was suddenly confronted by a panicking soldier. 
“Halt!” he shouted in German, as he raised his gun and aimed directly at my face. “What are you doing out this late?” 
I sighed. In retrospect, that was perhaps not the best response. 
“What are you doing here?” he screamed. 
“There were bombs,” I replied, coming out with a carefully rehearsed speech that I had used several times in the past. “I thought perhaps I could help.” 
“You're not supposed to be out at night!” 
“I know, and I'm sorry, but I wanted to see what I could do.” 
“Others will do that!” 
“I know. I'm sorry.” 
I waited, but still the soldier had his gun pointed at my face. Usually, I'd have been waved on by now, but this particular soldier was clearly young and jumpy, and perhaps trying a little too hard to prove himself. I could sense the fear in his sweat, and I could see the indecision on his face, and I actually felt a little sorry for him. He was little more than a child, and even his uniform seemed too large for his small, lanky frame. He was another kid, caught up in a war for which he was ill-prepared and ill-suited. 
“Might I be on my way now?” I asked, giving him a way out of the confrontation. 
Instead of replying, he merely adjusted his grip on the gun. It was at that moment that I decided he must be an idiot. Even by human standards. 
“There's a building burning back the way I just came,” I told him. “I think some people are trapped in there. Perhaps they could use your -” 
“Don't tell me what to do!” he screamed, interrupting me. 
“I wasn't trying to,” I replied. “I merely wanted you to understand the situation. There are people who might yet be saved.” 
“You're not supposed to be out this late,” he said through gritted teeth, circling back around to the start of this pointless conversation. 
“I know, and -” 
“You're breaking curfew!” 
I stared at him for a moment, as I began to realize that he was a stickler for the rules and regulations. Perhaps, I told myself, it was sheer fear that was making him act this way. For all their petty insignificance, some humans possessed an extraordinary talent for irritation. 
“You're completely correct,” I told him, “but do you know what will happen if you shoot me?” 
I waited, but of course he said nothing. 
“If you shoot me,” I continued, “you'll blow away a chunk of my face. And then I will kill you. I will throttle you, and I will leave your corpse on the ground for your comrades to find. After that, with half a face, I will walk back to my home, and I will have to spend several months recuperating. My injuries will be fixed in time, but I will be significantly inconvenienced and you, meanwhile, will be dead and rotting in the ground. So, really, who benefits from such a course of events?” 
“Shut up!” he sneered. “You're trying to distract me!” 
“I'm trying to help you.” 
“You're breaking curfew!! 
“I know, and -” 
Suddenly, before I could finish, I heard a loud whistling sound, and I looked up just in time to see a bomb come crashing down and hit a nearby building. The explosion was huge, rocking the street and knocking the poor young soldier off his feet. I managed to grab hold of his gun as he fell, and then – as he struggled to get back to his feet – I grabbed the back of his head and slammed his face against the wall. 
I felt and heard his nose break, and then I let go of him and watched as he slithered down to the ground. He left a nose-sized patch of blood on the bricks. 
Above, the whir of planes could once again be heard. Evidently the British had sent a second wave to attack the city, and I was glad of that. The soldier, although unconscious, was still alive, and I felt no great need to kill him. Instead, I arranged his gun on the ground close to his right hand. After all, there was no need to embarrass him further. Then I stepped over him and resumed my walk home. 
Another bomb exploded nearby, destroying a building, but I did not slow my pace even as the ground shook beneath my feet. 
Chapter Nine 
Chloe 
  
I tried again to cry out, but I was already starting to feel weak. A moment later, I felt someone unfastening the chains around my wrists, and finally I slumped down into Matthias's arms. Grabbing my throat, still desperately trying to breathe, I felt the ragged edges of the deep cut that had been carved into my flesh. Blood was flowing over my hands as Matthias lowered me to the ground, but while my throat hurt, the greater pain came from the incessant ringing in my ears. 
Nearby, Hugo was laughing hysterically, as if madness had finally shattered his mind. 
“You're not going to be okay, Chloe!” Matthias told me, leaning closer. “No-one cares about you. You're going to die here.” 
“No!” I shouted. “I have to -” 
Suddenly a wave of icy water hit me, waking me from the dream and bringing me gasping back to the waking world. I opened my eyes and pulled back against the wall, and then I looked up at the metal bars and saw a soldier chuckling as he set a metal pail on the floor. My heart was racing, and it took a few seconds before I realized that I must have fallen asleep and started dreaming. Sheer exhaustion must have dragged me under for a little while. 
A moment later, as I wiped strands of tangled, wet hair from across my face, I heard a voice laughing nearby. 
“There's no point looking so pathetic,” the voice said after a few seconds. “You won't persuade me. You won't trick me into believing that your are powerless.” 
Turning, I saw Klaus Zieghoff watching me from the other side of the bars. 
“The last witch I caught was almost a year ago now,” he continued. “She was young, like you, but French. She refused to give up any of her secrets, and in the end I got tired of waiting, so do you want to know what I eventually did with her?” 
Staring at him, I tried hard not to shiver. I didn't want that asshole to think that I was afraid of him. 
“I dissected her,” he explained. “I thought that maybe something in her body would be of note. Something that made her a witch. An extra organ, perhaps, or something too magical for me to even imagine. Pixie dust. Imagine my surprise and disappointment, then, as I went through her guts and found absolutely nothing of the sort. Even to a trained eye such as mine, there was no way to see what part of her body made her so powerful. I even threw her remains to my dogs, to see if they might gain anything by eating her, but of course that didn't happen. And so the mystery goes on. What makes a witch a witch?” 
I opened my mouth to reply to him, but no words came out. For a moment, I was struck by a terrible sense of fear. It was as if, deep down, my body and soul could tell that I was in the presence of pure evil. 
“Perhaps you'll be more cooperative,” he added. “Tell me, Ms. Carter, what spell brought you here to us? And why? Or were you not in control of your powers on this particular occasion?” 
I swallowed hard. 
“Tell me, witch,” he continued, with an added sneer in that last word. “Your powers will be harnessed for the glory of the Third Reich, one way or another. Why not make it easy on yourself?” 
“I'm not a witch,” I stammered. 
“Yet you arrived before us in a kind of flash of light and smoke,” he replied, “just as we were performing a ritual designed to draw a witch to us. Are you telling me that this is a coincidence?” 
“I'm not a witch,” I said again, as I slowly got to my feet. I was still trying so hard to keep from shivering. “I don't know exactly how I got here, or why, but I demand to be released.” 
He smiled. 
“You have to let me out of here!” I continued, taking a step forward. “What about the Geneva Convention?” 
“I have never heard of such a thing. I have visited Geneva, but I know of no convention there.” 
I was about to tell him that he had a duty to keep me safe, when I suddenly realized that maybe the Geneva Convention was only created after the Second World War. It was in that moment that I realized I knew so little about history, and I couldn't help wishing that I'd paid more attention at school. I mean, sure, I knew that the British had fought the Nazis, and I knew that America had been involved at some point, but beyond that my knowledge was seriously sketchy. Hadn't the Russians been involved? Or were they called Soviets back then? What about Asia and Africa? 
“You're from the future,” Zieghoff said. “That part of your babbling nonsense, I believe. Tell me, what is it like there? How far has the glory of the empire spread?” 
“What year is it now?” I asked, barely able to believe that I was saying those words. 
“1942,” he replied. “Three years into the great struggle for glory.” 
“Then you've got about three years to go until you're beaten,” I told him. 
He chuckled. 
“I'm serious,” I continued. “I've seen your mansion in the future. It's a ruin, a place that people go when they want to be reminded of pure evil. History views you and all your friends as monsters. The war ended in 1945 and you were -” 
Stopping suddenly, I realized that maybe I was making a mistake. I'd seen enough films about time travel to understand that maybe it could be dangerous to give someone too much information about their own future. What if I told him things that allowed him to change the course of history? What if I'd already done that? Or was that kind of thing impossible? I'd seen so many films, with so many different rules, that I genuinely had no idea what might or might not happen. For a moment I felt paralyzed by fear, and my mind was racing as I wondered whether I'd already blundered into making some terrible changes. 
“I was charged by the Fuhrer himself with the task of investigating certain possibilities,” Zieghoff said after a moment. “If you have seen the future, then that information could be very valuable to us. Perhaps I seem like a savage to you, Ms. Carter, but I assure you that I am not. And I have developed, over the years, some very persuasive means by which I can extract information. Trust me, I will force you to tell me what I want to know.” 
I shook my head. 
“You will see,” he added confidently. 
“You already admitted you couldn't make your last witch talk,” I replied, although I immediately regretted the outburst. “I'm not a witch,” I continued. “Please, you have to understand, I'm just a normal person who somehow got caught up in a huge mess. I'm not part of whatever's happening, I'm just an innocent bystander, so you have to let me go. I know I'm British and that makes me your enemy, but I'm not even part of this war. I just want to get home.” 
“Then go,” he said. “Make yourself disappear in another flash.” 
He smiled at me. 
“As I thought,” he added, “you can't. Your powers are not strong enough.” 
“I don't have any powers,” I told him. “You have to believe me. I'm just me, I'm just Chloe Carter from Britain and I don't know how I ended up here. There's nothing witchy about me at all!” 
“Your predecessor in this cell said much the same thing,” he replied. “For your sake, Ms. Carter, I very much hope that you are able to prove your use to me. Otherwise, I might have to try another dissection project. My previous failure has not deterred me. On the contrary, it has given me several new ideas to explore.” 
He looked me up and down for a moment, and then he turned and walks away. 
“Wait!” I shouted, rushing to the bars and trying to force the door open. “You can't leave me here! It's not fair!” 
Zieghoff disappeared from sight, and a moment later the guard slammed the main door shut. 
“You have to let me out of this place!” I screamed, with tears streaming down my face. “I'm not a witch!” 
Chapter Ten 
Matthias 
  
I tried again to cry out, but I was already starting to feel weak. A moment later, I felt someone unfastening the chains around my wrists, and finally I slumped down into Matthias's arms. Grabbing my throat, still desperately trying to breathe, I felt the ragged edges of the deep cut that had been carved into my flesh. Blood was flowing over my hands as Matthias lowered me to the ground, but while my throat hurt, the greater pain came from the incessant ringing in my ears. 
Nearby, Hugo was laughing hysterically, as if madness had finally shattered his mind. 
“You're not going to be okay, Chloe!” Matthias told me, leaning closer. “No-one cares about you. You're going to die here.” 
“No!” I shouted. “I have to -” 
Suddenly my eyes flicked open, and in an instant I emerged from the dream and found myself slumped in a chair in front of the window. Morning had arrived, bringing a gray sky and light rain, but I felt distinctly out of sorts. I began to sit up, but I found that I lacked the necessary strength, so I remained slumped for a moment as I picked over the details of what had been an unusual, and very vivid, dream. 
But had it been my dream? 
The more I thought about it, the more I felt as if the dream had belonged to somebody else. I had often entered the dreams of others, of course, as a means of finding out more about them or even just as a way to pass the time. Now, however, it was as if my mind had inadvertently drifted into somebody else's dream, and – even more strangely – that dream had been about me. Which, of course, was clearly impossible, since I'd never experienced any of the events that had occurred in the dream. 
So where had the dream come from? Whose dream had I dreamed? 
Chapter Eleven 
Chloe 
  
Sitting alone in the cell, as cold morning light streamed through the window and light rain fell outside, I told myself that I'd finally figured out what was happening. 
I was dreaming. 
That, I figured, was the only logical explanation. I'd fallen asleep, or maybe I'd been hit on the head while I was at the Zieghoff mansion, and now I was unconscious and the whole time travel thing was just some kind of weird dream. I pinched myself, in a desperate attempt to force myself to wake up, but nothing happened. 
“Please,” I whispered, “I just want to get out of here. Just let me wake up.” 
I pinched myself again. Of course, there was no miraculous moment of recovery. 
Then again, I was starting to consider another theory. If the time travel was part of a dream, what about the vampires I'd supposedly met in the present day? Was it possible that the whole drama with Matthias and Hugo and Belinda had also been a dream? In which case, I figured that maybe I'd been asleep for even longer. In fact, I was starting to wonder whether such a long and detailed dream was possible, unless I'd somehow fallen into a coma. Had my long-standing fear of brain tumors finally turned out to be prescient? 
I pinched myself yet again, while promising myself that this time I wouldn't stop until I forced myself to wake up. I tried to open my eyes, even though they already seemed to be open, and finally I held my breath in a last-ditch attempt to trick my body into reacting. 
Suddenly, hearing a key in the lock, I turn and saw that the door was swinging open. 
“Hey!” I said, as soon as I saw the woman from earlier. She was carrying another metal cup of water into the room. “I need you to listen to me! I know how to get out of here, but I need your help!” 
She knelt down and slid the cup between the bars. 
This time, however, I rushed at her and grabbed her by the wrist before she could pull back. She tried to twist free, but I made sure my grip was firm. 
“I still think this is a dream,” I told her, even though she was refusing to look at me, “but just in case it isn't, I need you to get a message to the British embassy in Paris. Or whatever counts as an embassy right now. You get the idea.” 
She twisted her arm the other way, but again I held strong. 
“This might be life or death!” I said firmly. 
She muttered something in French, something I could barely hear. 
“Dream or not, I need to get out of here,” I told her. “You can understand that, can't you? You understand English, right? Please, tell me you understand English.” 
She twisted her arm again, and again but I refused to let go. 
“Please,” she said finally, “stop. If anyone sees us, I'll be shot.” 
“I knew it!” I gasped. “You do speak English!” 
“They told me not to talk to you,” she replied. “You're a witch.” 
“I'm not a witch,” I said with a sigh, while still holding onto her wrist. “Witches don't even exist.” 
“That's exactly what a witch would say,” she pointed out, staring at me now with an expression of fear. “If other strange things can exist, why not witches?” 
“What other things?” I asked. 
“Why should witches not be real, when vampires walk the streets?” 
“Vampires?” I hesitated at the mention of that word. “What do you mean? What are you talking about?” 
“Let go of me,” she whimpered, turning and looking over her shoulder for a moment, before turning back to me. “I mean it, they'll shoot me if I do anything wrong at all!” 
“Why did you mention vampires?” I asked. “Please, tell me you don't think there are actual vampires running around in the middle of all this.” 
“They wouldn't want any of this to be happening,” she said, still trying to pull free. “I heard Matthias himself say that -” 
“Matthias?” Shocked by the mention of that name, I let go of the woman's arm, which she immediately pulled back. “Did you just say -” 
“I've said too much,” she replied, getting to her feet and hurrying to the door. “Please, don't tell anyone what I just told you, or I'll be lined up against a wall and shot.” She stepped out into the corridor, and then – with nervous, fumbling hands – she took the set of keys from her belt. “This conversation never happened.” 
She began to shut the door. 
“Do you mean Matthias Bane?” I asked. 
She froze, with the door still half open. 
“I know him,” I continued, even though I didn't quite understand what was happening. “I mean, I sort of know him. It's complicated. But if he's nearby, if you can get a message to him, tell him that Chloe Carter needs his help.” I paused for a moment, as I realized that maybe Matthias wouldn't even know me. Not if I truly had gone back in time to before our first meeting. Still, I knew that I had to try. “Please, that's all I'm asking,” I added. “It's not much. Please, tell him that I'm here.” 
I waited, but after a moment the woman simply shut the door, and I heard the key once again turning in the lock. 
“Find Matthias!” I yelled, as I heard her footsteps heading away. “Tell him I need his help!” 
Chapter Twelve 
Matthias 
  
I could feel the pain. The death. The sorrow. 
Standing at the window in my apartment, I stared out at the gray morning skyline. Rain was falling, and I could feel so much heartbreak drifting through the air. Sometimes, I considered moving on from Paris, but then there would always be moments that pushed the idea from my mind. This was one such moment, when it felt as if all the pain and misery of Europe was tangible. I wanted to breathe it in. I wanted the humans' war to last forever. 
And then, suddenly hearing voices in the distance, I turned and looked toward the door. I was unaccustomed to Hugo being around so early in the mornings. He usually waited until at least midday to come and chastise me for my drunkenness, but now I could hear him out there. I wandered over, telling myself that my brother's petty business was none of my concern, and yet this time something felt different. This time I could sense Hugo's concern. 
Once I was out in the corridor, I realized that I could hear two people talking in hushed tones, as if they were keen to avoid being overheard. I made my way to the hallway, and then – still not feeling quite right in the head – I stopped as I saw Hugo talking to his little human girlfriend Judith. 
As soon as they noticed me, they fell silent. 
“Brother,” I said with a faint, though probably rather feeble, smile, “what brings you here at such an early hour? Did the bombs keep you awake?” 
“Hugo,” Judith said nervously, “what -” 
“Nothing is wrong,” Hugo said confidently, clearly keen to keep her from saying too much. “Matthias, you look terrible. Clearly you either need wine or sleep, so why don't you go and find one or the other?” 
“I can look after myself,” I replied, stepping toward them. “What's going on?” 
“You've fed,” Hugo continued. “I can smell it on you. Were you out last night?” 
“I wasn't aware that I needed to update you on everything I do,” I told him. As I spoke, I looked at Judith and saw the guilt and fear in her eyes. She was hiding something from me. Humans are so painfully easy to see through, even if it is sometimes difficult to draw the details out. They hold up fairly well against torture. “What is the purpose of this meeting? Judith, if you have something to tell my brother, you can tell me as well.” 
“We were having a private conversation,” Hugo said firmly. 
“Is that right, Judith?” I asked. “Has this nothing to do with me at all?” 
She stepped back, slightly behind Hugo. Terribly shy as always, she could barely even look at me. I knew that something was wrong, but I also understood that I could not simply ask and expect an answer. 
“There were more bombs last night,” Hugo said, in a terribly obvious attempt to distract me. “That means more suffering. I don't know how much longer the city can take this bombardment, Matthias. So much has been destroyed already, and the people are in agony. I truly believe that the tide of the war is beginning to turn against the Nazis in a way that might prove terminal.” 
“You say that as if it's a bad thing,” I replied. 
“Quiet!” he hissed, stepping closer. Hugo always worried that I might insult our hosts. “Don't say anything that would make them question our loyalties!” 
“I have no loyalties,” I reminded him. “Only for myself, obviously.” 
“I don't know which way the war will go in the end,” Hugo said with a sigh. “The arrival of the Americans has certainly changed the balance of power, but one never knows how things will develop. I simply fear that even if the Germans are victorious, the cost will be so very great. Paris itself might have been completely leveled by the time it's all over. And that's before you consider the rumors I've been hearing lately, about some of the bombs the Americans have been developing.” 
“You're always so dramatic,” I said, as I peered past him and looked at Judith. I wanted so desperately to know what she was hiding from me, but I knew that I would need to get her alone. Hugo would never allow me to enter the mind of his dear, pathetic little plaything. “Maybe you're right, though. Maybe I should get some sleep.” I yawned and stretched, which was perhaps a little too theatrical on my part. “Please forgive my momentary paranoia.” 
“I'll speak to you later,” Hugo replied. 
“Indeed.” 
I hesitated, before turning and heading back through to my apartment. With each step, I felt more and more certain that Hugo and Judith were hiding something from me, but I supposed that I could yet afford a little patience. Hugo would never break, of course, but I didn't need him to break. 
I merely needed five minutes alone with Judith. 
Chapter Thirteen 
Chloe 
  
Suddenly a key turned in the lock, and I turned to see a silhouette in the doorway. 
“Matthias?” I gasped, stumbling to my feet and hurrying to the bars, convinced that it must be him. “I know this is going to sound crazy but -” 
Before I could finish, the figure stepped forward and I froze at the sight of Hugo Bane. He looked much younger than before, much less decrepit, but I knew instantly that it was him. When I'd first met him, he'd been a shell of a man, barely able to get about. This younger version, however, seemed so much stronger and more refined, even if the same dark eyes were staring back at me. 
Not knowing what to say, but filled with a growing sense of fear, I took a step back. 
“Hugo,” I stammered finally, “I...” 
My voice trailed off. 
“Interesting,” he replied calmly. “You know my name, but I do not know yours. I'm not accustomed to being in the dark like this.” 
“What are you doing here?” 
“I heard some interesting gossip about you. I pulled some strings and popped in to see you for myself.” 
“I asked for Matthias!” 
“Matthias is unable to come right now.” 
“Is he here?” I asked. “Is he nearby?” 
“He's not a million miles away,” he replied, “but perhaps you will permit me to be the one who asks the questions. You're clearly human, and my brother has tended to avoid dalliances with your kind. Tell me, then, how you know him.” 
“We met in -” 
I stopped myself just in time. 
“You're a witch,” Hugo said after a moment. “That's the story that's doing the rounds, at least. Zieghoff apparently believes himself to have obtained something rather valuable. You'll be pleased to learn, however, that I do not rush to judgment quite so quickly.” He walked slowly all the way to the bars. “They say that you arrived in a puff of smoke,” he added. “That, to me, seems rather remarkable.” 
“I...” 
For a moment, I had no idea what to say. Finally, however, I began to realize that at least Hugo might be able to help me get to Matthias. 
“This is going to sound crazy,” I said cautiously, determined to pick and choose what I told him, “but for me, 1942 is the past. Way in the past. I'm from the early twenty-first century. That's where I lived, until about twelve hours ago when something happened and I ended up here. And before I came back in time, I met Matthias in the future. I mean, in the present day. In what for me is the present day.” 
I waited, but he said nothing. 
“It's true,” I added. “All of it. I swear.” 
He paused, and then he sighed. 
“I have seen some remarkable things in my long lifetime,” he said. “I've been to Sangreth. I've completed a pilgrimage to the ruins of Gothos. I've encountered ghosts and werewolves and Flesh Weavers and all sorts of creatures. Even, yes, a few witches. I've visited the family home of my distant relatives, the Le Comptes, and I've walked along the edge of the gas mines deep in the Underworld. I've looked into the eyes of the gene baby. What I'm trying to explain is that I've seen and experienced things that you could not possibly imagine, and yet the idea of time travel has always seemed rather absurd. Rather hard to believe.” 
“Believe me, I know what you mean,” I replied. “I still keep telling myself that this is all a dream.” 
“You and me both,” he muttered. 
“I know Matthias in the future,” I explained. “He might not know me here, in the past, but I need to talk to him. If there's even a chance that he'll help me, I have to try.” 
“Fascinating,” Hugo replied, “and why do you not consider asking for my help?” 
“Because -” 
Again, I fell silent for a moment. 
“I saw the look on your face when I walked in,” he continued, “and you were not pleased to see me. You recognized me, so I'm assuming that we too have met in the future. In which case, I fear that perhaps we were not on good terms.” 
“I want to talk to Matthias.” 
“And I want to know what the future holds.” 
“Please, just bring Matthias here.” 
“Why are you afraid of me?” 
I took a deep breath, and then I swallowed hard. 
“Will you perhaps allow me to enter your mind?” he asked. “I could learn so much more, and so quickly. I am not like my brother, I do not enter minds without permission. Not even the minds of humans. I have far too much respect for your species. If you deny me permission, however, I will be forced to assume that you are hiding something from me.” 
“Please,” I replied firmly, “I just want to talk to Matthias.” 
“I know you do, and I want to know why. The real reason.” He hesitated. “My brother is... different, in some ways. I don't mean to denigrate him, but I do have to look after him. He's still recovering from a rather traumatic experience and I try to filter who and what gets to see him. Out of love, you understand. Usually, I wouldn't bother when it comes to a human. I'd let you meet him, and he'd almost certainly drain you of your blood. On this occasion, however, I have some concerns, so I will ask you again. Let me into your mind.” 
“I want to talk to Matthias,” I said again, through gritted teeth. 
He stared at me for a moment, and then he tilted his head slightly. 
“No,” he said finally. 
“But -” 
“It's out of the question. I won't allow him to be destabilized in any way, not when he's so close to making a full recovery. We immortals have little need to get involved with the lives of humans. As for you, Ms. Carter, I can only assure you that your time with Klaus Zieghoff will be brief. He rarely keeps his subjects alive for too long.” 
With that, he turned to walk out of the room. 
“I've seen Matthias die,” I said suddenly, before I even had time to consider whether I was making a mistake. 
Hugo stopped in the doorway, and then slowly he turned to me. 
“I've seen him die,” I continued. “In the future. In my present. I've seen Matthias die. I know how it happens, and when, and why. Now are you willing to make a deal?” 
Chapter Fourteen 
Matthias 
  
Water sloshed in the metal pail as Judith stood at the workbench. She had been there for a while now, getting on with the task of cleaning some sheets, and nobody had been through to disturb her. How a human could work so long, and so hard, without interruption was something of a mystery to me. Still, I had noted in the past that Judith seemed content in her solitude. She seemed almost to prefer working alone. 
And she had not noticed my presence. 
I was in one of the adjoining rooms, watching her from a distance. I had chosen a spot in the shadows, and I had remained entirely silent as I reached out and picked at the edges of her thoughts. I could have stormed in, of course, and taken everything I wanted from her. Instead, however, I sought to sneak into her thoughts and get what I wanted, and I intended to slip unnoticed between the sentries of her mind. 
I had never been so subtle before, but I felt confident that I could get in and out without being noticed. In fact, so far I was rather impressed with myself. 
As she worked, she was thinking of a place far away. A childhood home, but one that still stood and a place that she wished one day to return to. I wanted to push past these thoughts and get to the meat, although I knew that to do so would mean making her aware of my presence. That is why I forced myself to linger at the edge of her thoughts, enduring the tedium of her daydream, as I waited for her mind to turn to other matters. 
And, oh, how truly tedious her thoughts were, for one such as myself. 
In her mind's eye, she was in a field near a farmhouse. She was remembering what it felt like to be happy, before the war, and she was thinking of one person in particular. A man was talking to her, but he was an older man, perhaps her father. Sure enough, after a few minutes I heard her imagining a conversation with this man in which she referred to him several times as 'Papa'. She was telling him that she had no choice but to go to the city, and she wanted him to tell her that he understood. I was not sure whether this was a memory or an imagined encounter, but I could feel a sense of great regret in Judith's thoughts. 
As bored as I was by the whole thing, I at least began to understand the little peasant girl better. Not that there was any need for that, of course. My brother might have inexplicably become attached to Judith, but I had always found her dull and rather pointless. Like all humans. 
Eventually the scene changed, and Judith imagined herself standing close to the edge of a river. The scene was idyllic, with light sparkling on the surface of the water, and I got the sense that she was thinking of some perfect time in her life, of a time that she missed a great deal. She was imagining the sounds, too, and I soon realized that she missed the peace of the natural world. She was trying to get away from the awful sounds of a city at war. 
She was still scrubbing the sheets at the workbench, as if entirely lost in her daydream. 
Soon enough, Hugo's presence intruded in her thoughts, and I felt mildly disgusted by the love that she felt for him. There had been no doubt for a while that Judith was truly passionate when it came to my brother, and that she imagined some happy life for them both in the future. I had teased Hugo mercilessly about such things, and he had rather risen to take the bait. How pathetic, I noted, for a vampire and a human to plan for a life together. Indeed, I was surprised now to realize that Judith felt the same way as I, that she too knew that there was a sad inevitability about the whole thing. She simultaneously hoped for the best and expected the worst. In some ways, she was more realistic about the whole situation than my brother. Yet there was some romantic part of her that just couldn't face the cold, hard truth. 
Before that moment, I had never realized that human minds could conjure such complexities. 
And then, without warning, she began to think of her earlier conversation with Hugo, and it all came out. How she felt pity for a woman in a cage. How she had spoken to that woman, and feared she might be found out and punished. How she wanted to help the woman but did not dare. Finally, I realized that the woman had given Judith a message, she had made a request that Judith had felt compelled to try to meet. She had gone to Hugo, but he had taken control of the situation. 
“Don't tell him,” Judith remembered him saying. “Let me speak to this woman first. Most likely, she's some kind of charlatan. Regardless, I don't want my brother getting involved.” 
Me. 
The woman had said something about me. 
I felt my interest stir. If some strange woman had shown up and attracted the attention of the Germans, and if she had mentioned my name, then I wanted to know why. Even if she really did turn out to be just a human. 
Suddenly Judith turned and looked this way, and I stepped back just a fraction of a second before she would have seen me. At the same time, I unthreaded myself from her thoughts, and a moment later I heard her getting back to work. My first thought was to slip back into her mind, but in truth I was already a little shaken by what I had discovered, and I felt that it would be too risky to try again. In such unsettled times, the last thing I needed was to draw my brother's ire. At the same time, Judith seemed to know little more than I had already learned. 
Yet a strange woman had arrived in Paris, and she had asked for me. I had to find out why. 
Chapter Fifteen 
Chloe 
  
“We are immortal,” Hugo snarled, from the other side of the bars. “We live forever. We have lived already for longer than you can possibly imagine. We cannot be struck down or killed by anyone. Yet you, a pathetic little sack of blood and bones, dare suggest that you have seen one of us die? And my own brother, at that?” 
“I'm not saying that I understand it,” I replied, struggling to hold my nerve as I saw pure anger on his face, “I'm just saying that it happened.” 
“Be very careful!” he snapped. “I will give you one chance to retract this foolish claim, and then – if you persist – I will rip you apart with my bare hands!” 
“Go into my mind, then,” I said. “You wanted permission. Fine, I give you permission, but only for those particular memories. What are you waiting for? In you go, but don't say I didn't warn you. Everything I've told you is true. Every little detail. I saw your brother die.” 
“You're lying,” he sneered. 
“Then come into my mind.” 
I waited, but now he hesitated. 
“What's wrong?” I asked. “Are you scared that I might be telling the truth?” 
“You can't be,” he replied. “It's impossible.” 
“Then why don't you come into my mind and see for yourself?” 
Again, I waited. 
“You know I'm telling the truth,” I continued. “I can see it in your eyes, Hugo. You know it's true, but you want to cling to the hope that it isn't. You're a coward and you -” 
Suddenly he screamed and shook the bars, and in an instant I felt him rushing into my mind. It was exactly the same as it had felt before, when Matthias had been in there, except that this time I felt even more helpless. I staggered back and then I fell, and I barely even noticed myself landing hard against the cobbles as Hugo's mind raged in my head and sought to drag out the memories I promised him. I let out a pained gasp, and in a flash I found myself reliving that moment over and over again. 
“I can't let you live,” Hugo snarled in my memories, slipping free of Matthias's grip and stepping toward me. “I'd already realized that before I suffered this breakdown, Chloe.” 
“What is this nonsense?” Hugo asked now, as he rampaged through the memory. “Who is that creature? That can't be me!” 
“Run!” Matthias screamed in the memory, his voice sounding contorted and pained. “Chloe -” 
Before he could finish, flames burst from his body. I had to cover my eyes as the light flared and filled the room, and I briefly saw Hugo silhouetted against the inferno before he, too, seemed to be absorbed by the fire. Feeling a wall of heat rushing toward me, I turned and hurried toward the door, desperate to get out of the mansion. Reaching the next corridor, I realized the floor was starting to shudder, and when I looked down I realized that the soles of my shoes were starting to burn, as if the entire building was getting too hot. 
“This is fantasy,” Hugo shouted in my mind. “It's some kind of trick!” 
“Get out of here!” I heard Matthias's voice screaming in my remembered thoughts. “Chloe, you have to -” 
Before he could finish, his voice flared and became a brief, pure howl of pain, before vanishing from my mind entirely. 
“No!” Hugo screamed now, as if he was trying to reach into the memory and force it to change. “Stop!” 
In an instant, he pulled out of my mind and I slumped back, exhausted, onto the ground. My thoughts were burning, and for a moment I felt as if I was going to be dragged down into darkness. Finally I rolled onto my side, but it still took several minutes before I was able to stop trembling with shock. I felt completely drained, and my head was throbbing with pain. 
I took a few deep breaths, and then I sat up and saw that Hugo was also on the ground, on the other side of the bars. He looked absolutely horrified by what he'd experienced in my mind. 
I waited, but he said nothing. 
“I'm sorry,” I said, my voice shaking with fear, “but what you just saw... it's what really happened. I wouldn't know how to fake it, even if I wanted to. I saw -” 
“Liar!” he snarled, suddenly getting to his feet and gripping the metal bars. “What kind of infernal creature are you? Even a witch would never have been able to create such a convincing fantasy!” 
“I'm no witch,” I told him. “I'm just someone who's caught up in a mess she doesn't understand!” 
“What kind of monster could do this?” he asked. 
“A human,” I said firmly, “telling the truth.” 
“Liar!” he screamed again, and this time he pulled hard on the metal bars, ripping them away and then tossing them aside. 
“No!” I shouted, as he stepped into my cell. “Stop!” 
“Who sent you to do this?” Hugo asked, towering above me. “What kind of trickery is this? Tell me now, and I might be persuaded to make your death mildly less painful.” 
“Everything you saw was true,” I told him, “and -” 
Before I could finish, he reached down and grabbed me by the throat, and then he swung me around and slammed me against the wall. 
“Tell me!” he snarled, leaning toward me and opening his mouth to reveal his fangs. 
“I already did!” I gasped, barely able to breathe. “If you don't believe me, then I give you permission to go into my mind and see the rest! See it all!” 
“Why would I entertain more of your pathetic illusions?” he asked, tilting his head slightly. “The mere fact that you dare lie to me is a sign that you deserve the most painful death imaginable. The only reason I'm keeping you alive is that I need to know more about why you're here. The moment you are of no use to me, I will destroy you! Do you understand? I will tear you to pieces!” 
“Go into my mind again,” I replied. “I dare you.” 
He snarled at me, and then suddenly he let go of my throat and stormed out of the cell. 
“It's all true!” I shouted, as I felt waves of shock rushing through my body. “I wouldn't lie to you! I couldn't lie to you! Come back here and I'll tell you everything!” 
I waited, but he was gone. And then, as I sat shivering on the ground, I realized that in his anger Hugo had stormed out without fixing the bars. 
I was free to escape. 
Chapter Sixteen 
Matthias 
  
I sensed his anger before I heard him slamming doors. 
Stirred from my thoughts, I turned and listened to the sound of Hugo storming through the house. My brother had always possessed a fine temper, but on this occasion something was most definitely different. He sounded absolutely furious and, as I stood and listened some more, I realized that I could feel his fury radiating through the entire building. 
A faint flicker of a smile crossed my lips. 
I took a moment to make myself look presentable, and then I made my way through to his rooms. I had spent several hours studying some of Hugo's old, arcane books on vampire history. Those were not books that I bothered with most of the time, but I was concerned about what I'd discovered in Judith's mind and I wished to determine how best to proceed. Simply asking my brother flat out would be no use, since he always wrapped every truth in layers of deflection. I needed to be smart. 
Finally I reached the door to his study, and I stopped for a moment and listened to the sound of him slamming things about in there. I almost turned and left, but in the end I knocked gently on the door and then I stepped into the room. 
“What are you doing here?” he snapped, as he pulled several books from one of the shelves. “Can't I have a moment of privacy, Matthias?” 
“You're angry about something,” I replied calmly. “I thought perhaps I could be of use?” 
“There's nothing you can do!” he fumed, before hesitating for a moment “Why? What have you heard?” 
“What is there to hear?” I asked, taking a step forward. 
“How are you feeling today?” he said, clearly keen to avoid answering the question directly. “How are your wounds?” 
“They're fine,” I replied. “I'm very much accustomed to them by now.” 
“But they're healing?” 
“You really don't have to worry, Hugo,” I told him. “You know, I'm not an invalid. I'm enormously grateful to you for helping me, and for looking after me, but my problems were only ever going to be temporary. I'm almost entirely healed already, and I'm sure that soon I'll be in fine form.” I waited, but he was glaring at me with an expression that seemed one part anger and one part fear. “This spa retreat has really helped,” I added. 
“Spa retreat?” 
“Whatever you want to call it. I was in a bad state when you brought me to Paris, but the city – especially in wartime – has been just what I needed. There's so much blood and suffering here, it's really helped me along. In fact, I almost don't mind the fact that we've had to befriend such monsters.” 
“If you're talking about Zieghoff,” he replied, “then there are far worse men in this world than him.” 
“That doesn't mean I have to like him.” 
“At least you could respect him.” 
“He makes me nauseous.” 
“There's nothing wrong with him. He's committed to a cause, that's all.” 
“We've had this discussion a hundred times,” I reminded him, “and we never get anywhere. Besides, you still haven't answered my original question. What has made you so angry today?” 
He stared at me for a moment, before looking down at the books. 
“Nothing,” he muttered. “It's nothing to do with you.” 
“Are you sure about that?” 
He sighed. 
“I hear that Klaus Zieghoff has a new prisoner,” I said, hoping to prod him a little. 
He glared at me again. 
“Just a rumor, going around town,” I added. “You know how people gossip. Is it anybody interesting?” 
“Have you been talking to Judith?” he asked. 
“No. Why, should I?” 
He stared at me for a moment longer, and then he sighed. 
“Zieghoff has new prisoners every now and then,” he said, and it was clear that he was picking his words with great care. “I don't have time to keep up with everything that man does. And as it happens, I'm not angry because of anything in particular, I'm just angry about this whole situation. Believe it or not, Matthias, I don't much enjoy spending all this time with humans. You might enjoy the thrill of their wars, but I don't.” He paused. “In fact,” he added, “I've been thinking that perhaps our time in Paris is up.” 
“You want to leave?” 
“There are other places we can try,” he said, forcing a wholly unnatural smile. “Poland, perhaps, or whatever's left of Czechoslovakia. Or the Soviet Union. I even hear of nasty things happening in Norway. There's also London. I could use some time with a few experts in London, there are some resources that I could exploit. The point is, the world is ours to explore, Matthias, and you might have gained all that you can from Paris.” 
“I thought you enjoyed it here,” I told him. 
“But this isn't about me,” he replied, stepping around the desk. “Let's move on, let's try somewhere new.” 
“You seem to be in a sudden hurry,” I pointed out. “Are you trying to run from something that's here in Paris?” 
“Don't be stupid,” he said, but he was still trying very hard to be pleasant and persuasive. Those were not, usually, his strongest attributes. “If nothing else,” he added, “I'm sick of the noise of all those bombs. Let's get away from the Nazis for a while.” 
Watching his expression, I was in no doubt that he was up to something. 
“I'll think about it,” I replied finally. 
He hurried back to the desk. 
“I'll start making arrangements,” he told me. 
“I only said that I'd think about it,” I pointed out, but he was already excitedly looking through a book of maps. “I haven't promised anything.” 
“Just trust me on this,” he said excitedly, as if he suddenly couldn't wait to get us away from this city, “leaving Paris is the best thing for us right now. We'll be out of here by tonight, and we'll never look back!” 
Chapter Seventeen 
Chloe 
  
The soldiers marched past, their boots stomping against the ground, and I pulled back in a desperate attempt to make myself as small as possible behind the bushes. 
I'd been out of the cell for all of ten minutes, and already I'd almost been caught twice. So far, it seemed as if nobody had noticed my escape, but I knew it was only a matter of time before somebody went to check on me. I'd snuck out without a plan, and now I found that there were way more soldiers and guards around than I'd anticipated. I didn't even know the layout of the place, other than that I seemed to be in some kind of large yard, and my mind was racing as I tried to figure out how I was going to escape. 
At least there were no cameras. It had taken me a couple of minutes to remember that CCTV hadn't been invented yet. 
Looking over my shoulder, I spotted a narrow passage that led between two buildings. I had no idea what was at the other end, but I knew I couldn't stay hiding behind a bush forever. I checked that nobody was too close, and then I scurried as fast as I could into the passageway. My heart was pounding as I made my way along to the far end, and when I peered out I felt a jolt of shock as I saw a soldier sitting on a crate, with his back turned to me. 
I ducked down, but already I was starting to come up with a plan. 
I was at the edge of a dirt road that seemed to pass along the outer perimeter of the main building, and there was what appeared to be a steep incline on the road's other side. What was down that incline, I had no idea, but I could see the tops of trees poking up. I figured that getting away from the building was my best bet, but – as I looked around for something I could use as cover – I saw that the soldier was smoking a cigarette as he sat contemplating the view. 
His gun was leaning against the side of the crate. 
As I watched the man, I began to realize that I could sneak up behind him and grab the rifle. Then I could smack him over the head and run down the incline. The idea seemed crazy, more like something that would happen in a film than something that someone would do in real life, but at the same time I had no better ideas. I needed to get away, and I told myself that whacking a man on the back of the head wouldn't be that bad. It wasn't as if I was planning to kill him. 
Still, I'd never whacked someone with the butt of a gun before, and I knew I'd only get one chance. 
I took a deep breath, and then I began to slowly creep forward. I was terrified that the soldier would hear me and turn around, but there were voices shouting commands in the distance and I was also aided by the rustling of nearby trees, which meant that I actually managed to sneak up behind the soldier and carefully take hold of his gun. 
Suddenly he cleared his throat. 
I froze, but he kept his back to me. 
I looked around, and then I held the rifle up and prepared to bring it crashing down against the man's head. 
Which is when I realized that, since he was wearing a helmet, knocking him out might not be so easy. 
Damn it. 
Again, I froze, with the gun raised but with no actual, actionable plan. I could have tried to shoot the guy, but I wasn't convinced that I could do that without him turning and stopping me, and I also wasn't convinced that I'd actually be able to pull the trigger. I looked at the back of his shoulders and told myself that a strong whack might be enough to knock him down. Then, if I moved quickly, I could hit him again and hopefully knock him out, especially if I could kick his helmet away. 
I tried to think of another plan, but nothing came to mind. 
Suddenly the soldier half turned, and then he leapt up and turned to look at me. 
Instinctively, I turned the gun around and aimed it straight at his face. 
“Don't move!” I hissed, keeping my voice low so that I wouldn't be heard by anyone else who happened to be nearby. “If you move, I'll... I'll blow you away!” 
He raised his hands, and for the first time I saw that he was a young guy, maybe only in his early twenties. He also had a bandage covering his nose, which looked to have been recently broken. 
“I don't want to hurt you,” I told him, before realizing that maybe he didn't even understand. “Do you speak English?” 
He hesitated, and then he nodded. 
“A little,” he said with a thick accent. 
“I need to get out of here,” I explained, “and you're going to help me, or... I'll shoot you. I really will. I'm not afraid to use this thing.” 
“I believe you,” he said, with his hands still raised. “Please don't do it.” 
“What's the quickest route away from here?” I asked, before nodding toward the incline. “Down there?” 
“That would do it,” he replied. 
“And where would I end up?” 
“There's a park, and it comes out near the river.” 
“Okay,” I replied, “that sounds like my best bet.” I paused as I tried to work out what to do next. “You're going to come with me,” I told him. 
“Why?” 
“I can't leave you here,” I explained. “I'll let you go once I'm free, I promise, but until then I have to keep you as a hostage.” 
“I don't want to be a hostage.” 
“I don't want to have a hostage,” I told him, “but this isn't a day for getting everything we want. Now move!” 
He hesitated, and then he turned and began to walk toward the incline. I followed, keeping the gun aimed at his back, and after a moment I saw that the incline ran sharply down toward some trees. Beyond that, there was an expanse of open green land that spread as far as a street, and then - 
Suddenly the soldier turned and pushed the gun away, and then he threw himself at my chest. We both fell, landing in the mud, and then I somehow managed to roll on top of his as I grabbed the gun. 
He shouted something in German, and then – as I tried to pull the gun away – he took hold of the other end and his finger pressed against the trigger. A shot rang out, and the soldier screamed in agony, and I pulled back just in time to see that his left foot had been blown away. 
I grabbed the gun and turned to race down the incline, but in that moment I heard several clicking sounds and I turned to see that half a dozen soldiers had arrived and were aiming their guns straight at me. 
I tried to think of a way out, and then I dropped the gun and slowly raised my hands as a sign of surrender. 
Chapter Eighteen 
Matthias 
  
Stopping in the doorway, I looked through and saw immediately that the cell was empty. The metal bars had been moved aside, and the prisoner had been moved. 
Hearing footsteps nearby, I turned just as a soldier wandered past with a gun slung over his shoulder. 
“Where is this prisoner?” I asked, worried that maybe she'd been executed before I'd had a chance to speak to her. 
“Moved,” he grunted, not even stopping. 
I hurried over and grabbed his shoulder, forcing him to turn to me. 
“Hands off!” he snapped angrily, and then he took a step back. “Just because you things are given the run of the place, that doesn't mean you've got the right to touch me.” 
“We things could each rip thirty of you apart in under a minute,” I sneered, and I could see the fear in the thug's eyes. “What happened to the prisoner? Where was she moved to?” 
“She escaped,” he replied, “but they caught her again pretty quickly. After that, we were given orders to take her to a transport, and then she was driven off to Chateau Malafort.” 
“Where's that?” 
“It's Colonel Zieghoff's private residence, outside the city. It's where he takes his most valuable subjects. She'd have been moved there eventually anyway, but obviously after her escape he decided to speed things along.” 
“Malafort,” I whispered. “I think maybe I have heard of that place after all. There are stories about the things he does to people there.” 
“Stories are stories,” the soldier replied with a shrug. “I don't pay much attention, I just follow orders. All I know is that when people are taken to Chateau Malafort...” 
“They don't tend to be seen again,” I said with a shudder. “Did you meet this prisoner before she was moved?” 
“No, but I heard she was annoying. She also managed to shoot someone in the foot while she was trying to get away. If you ask me, we're better off without her around.” He smiled. “I'm sure she'll get what's coming to her at Chateau Malafort.” 
With that, he turned and walked away, leaving me standing alone and wondering just who this prisoner could be and why Zieghoff was so interested in her. All I knew for certain was that if she'd been taken to Chateau Malafort, she likely wouldn't be alive for much longer. 
Chapter Nineteen 
Chloe 
  
“Where are you taking me?” I screamed, as I pulled once again on the ropes that tied me to a metal rail in the back of the truck. “I demand to speak to a lawyer!” 
I heard the guards laughing, but this time I didn't turn to look at them. Their smug faces had already infuriated me, so I focused instead on trying desperately to twist my wrists out of the ropes. Finally, I felt one of the ropes starting to come loose a little, and a moment later my right hand sprung free. 
Suddenly the butt of a gun slammed into the side of my face, knocking me back down. The truck bounced over a rough section of road as I felt my right hand being put back into a knot. I tried to cry out, but the gun had sent a cracking pain through my head and I could only close my eyes and sink into darkness as I heard more laughter nearby. 
Chapter Twenty 
Matthias 
  
“You, my friend, look like a man who has a lot on his mind.” 
Stirred from my thoughts, I turned and saw – with a mix of relief and mild displeasure – that a familiar figure was shuffling toward me across the lawn at the rear of the house. Clothed in the most unwieldy and old-fashioned garb, she could barely move under the weight of her dress, and I could tell from her expression that she was struggling. Not that she would ever admit such a thing, of course. It was her royal prerogative to remain graceful and serene at all times. 
“Your Highness,” I said with a faint, tired smile. “I had forgotten that you sometimes take your afternoon constitutionals in this part of the city.” 
“The weather has been terribly inclement of late,” Antoinette – or rather, Her Royal Highness Queen Antoinette the Third, to give her full title – replied. “You know, I don't mind the bombs too much, but the rain absolutely ruins my hair.” 
“You wear a wig,” I muttered as she maneuvered herself onto the bench next to me. 
She took a moment to adjust the many layers of her dress, and it was clear that she'd chosen to ignore my comment. In fairness, it had been an unkind remark on my part. 
“Have you no courtiers with you today?” I asked. “Is it safe for you to be out alone?” 
“My courtiers are busy with other matters,” she replied. “I have so few of them these days, which means that I have to prioritize their tasks. Of course, if the wretched government of this city paid more attention to my needs, I wouldn't be living in such a terrible state. Did you hear their latest suggestion? They want to turf me out of my lodgings on the Rue Saint-Fargeau. I reminded them of their promise to keep me in good quarters, and they suggested a small place near the river.” 
“I'm sure the -” 
“Under a bridge!” she added angrily. “Apparently there's a set of rooms that are accessed via a door under a bridge, and I am free to live there if I have nowhere else to go. Have you ever heard anything so disgraceful and disrespectful? I have written to Monsieur Petain and Monsieur Zieghoff, demanding some action, and if that does not work I shall be writing to Monsieur Hitler himself!” 
“I'm not sure that I'd want to draw too much attention to myself, if I were you,” I muttered. 
“You have something on your mind,” she replied. “I know you too well, Matthias, so don't lie to me. We've been friends for, what a couple of hundred years now? I've learned to read your eyes.” She paused. “What's her name?” 
I turned to her. 
“Is she pretty?” she asked. “Prettier than me?” 
“Nobody's prettier than you,” I lied. 
“Is she human?” 
I hesitated, fully aware that any admission on this score would make me seem like a fool. Especially after all the occasions on which I had very drunkenly, and very publicly, shared my view that vampires and humans should not mix. Not socially, not intellectually, and certainly not romantically or sexually. Indeed, I found the dhampir concept to be utterly repulsive. 
“Your own brother is involved with a human,” she continued, “so it's not entirely out of the blue. Plus, Matthias, I have always felt that you had a weakness for the less immortal species, despite your protestations to the contrary. Tell me a little about her. What's her name? How did you meet her?” 
“I do not know her name,” I replied cautiously, “and I have not met her.” 
“Then -” 
“But she has arrived here as if from nowhere,” I added, “and she claims to know me. The crazy part is, I have felt for some time that this might happen, that someone or something was coming to me here in Paris. Hugo is hiding something from me, he wants us to leave the city tonight, and I am certain that this is because of the woman. On top of that, I think I have begun to share her dreams. Just slivers so far, but enough to suggest some kind of connection.” 
“A connection you cannot possibly ignore.” 
I nodded. 
“Then I think the matter is settled,” she said with a sigh. “Go to her. Where is she now?” 
“She has been taken to Chateau Malafort.” 
As soon as I said that name, I saw a flicker of concern in Antoinette's eyes. She opened her mouth as if to say something, but then she looked away. I could tell, very clearly, that the mere mention of that place had shaken her to her core. 
“Sometimes,” she said after a moment, “I think it is shameful for us to be drawn to these places. To wallow in the misery and horror of human civilization. We should be so much better than this, yet here we are, dancing and cavorting with the most awful killers and murderers that humanity has to offer. I think we even encourage them, sometimes. Men such as Zieghoff leave us alone, for the most part. They know they are not strong enough to come for us, so they go for lesser creatures, such as witches. Sometimes I worry, however, that the day will come when Zieghoff and his cronies turn on our species. That they might... find a way.” 
“Impossible. We are immortal.” 
“Not so, Matthias. You know there are ways to kill us.” 
“Those methods are beyond the means of mortals.” 
“For now, but what if -” 
“You're getting carried away.” 
“Am I?” She took a deep breath. Already, her eyes were filled with tears. “I worry about the humans and their growing thirst for dominion. It can't end well, you know.” 
“There is only one real way for a vampire to die,” I pointed out, “and that is at the hands of another vampire.” 
“I know.” 
“Don't worry about Zieghoff,” I told her. “He can't hurt any of us.” 
“But he can hurt this woman,” she pointed out. 
“That is true.” 
“So will you let him?” 
“As I told you, I have never met her. I can hardly go bursting in to rescue a woman I don't know.” I paused. “At the same time, I feel that I cannot simply let this matter drop.” 
“Then there's only one option,” she said, placing a hand on my shoulder. “You must go to Chateau Malfont and see her for yourself. You must determine whether or not she's worth rescuing.” 
I looked out across the lawn, toward the distant buildings. 
“And if she's not,” she added, “you can always come back and confess your undying love to me. We both know that it's only a matter of time.” 
“I think you'll enjoy living under a bridge,” I replied after a moment. “After all, Antoinette, you've always been something of a troll.” 
Chapter Twenty-One 
Chloe 
  
“She'll talk soon enough,” a voice was saying as I began to stir from unconsciousness. “I often find that the harder they struggle, the faster they break.” 
Opening my eyes, I found myself face-down on a dark, cobbled floor. I blinked a couple of times, and then I began to sit up, only to find that my wrists were bound tight to a metal ring that – in turn – was attached to the stone wall. I turned to look around, and it was at that moment that I realized I was naked. 
“What the -” 
“And she's awake,” a familiar voice said nearby. “How wonderful.” 
Turning, I saw Klaus Zieghoff sitting on a wooden chair nearby. 
“I was talking to myself,” he continued, as I pulled my knees up to cover my nakedness. “In English, you'll have noted. I thought it might be a way to stir your consciousness. Looks like I was right. Also, I get few opportunities to practice my English these days. I want to be ready, for when we inevitably take control of that ridiculous little island.” 
Looking around, I realized that I was in a large stone room. There were benches at the far end, covered in various objects and tools that I couldn't quite make out. 
“Forgive your current state,” Zieghoff continued, “but I thought it prudent to have you fully searched. And that was when I found this in one of your pockets.” 
He held something up in his right hand, and I saw that he had some kind of ring topped with a blue jewel. 
“A few things are starting to make sense now, Ms. Carter,” he continued. “This ring, for example, helps me to understand how you ended up traveling back here.” 
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a second, identical ring. 
“They look similar, don't they?” he said with a faint smile. “Except, they're not similar at all. They're the exact same ring, existing twice in one place. I don't know about you, Ms. Carter, but I find that to be exceptionally interesting, and I have to ask how you came into possession of the ring in the first place?” 
“I've never seen that thing before in my life,” I stammered, as I tried desperately not to panic. “Where am I? What are you going to do to me?” 
“It was in your pocket.” 
“I've never seen it before!” I screamed, before starting to pull on the metal ring. I struggled for a few seconds, before suddenly being overcome by a sense of hopelessness. “I have to wake up,” I whispered. “I want this nightmare to be over.” 
“We were using the ring as a means of drawing a witch to us,” Zieghoff explained, “and in that sense it seems to have worked. The future version of the ring is marked with some scuffs, suggesting that it has been exposed to some form of energy. You, on the other hand, arrived in a fairly good condition. I look forward to finding out what type of energy might have triggered the ring, making it answer a call that it had made earlier in its existence.” 
“I don't know what you're talking about,” I stammered, “but you have to let me go.” 
He carefully set the two rings aside. 
“I have rights!” I yelled. 
“I have come to the conclusion that you are far more interesting than a mere witch,” he replied. “If I thought you were a witch, I'd have you on my surgical table by now. No, Ms. Carter, I think perhaps you really are just an ordinary woman after all.” He smiled. “Relax. That really removes any motivation for me to start cutting you up. I know full well what the inside of a human looks like.” 
“Why am I here?” I asked again. 
“Tell me about the future.” 
“You lost!” I snapped angrily. “How's that for a start? You lost the war!” 
“Impossible.” 
“I don't know the details,” I continued. “I wish I'd paid more attention in school, but know you lost! And in Paris, in my time, people hate you!” 
“You're trying to goad me,” he replied archly. 
“You're seen as a monster!” I told him. “Your name is dragged through the mud, everyone knows the atrocities you committed! Not just you, either, but all your friends! The world has moved on from your evil. If you don't believe me, you don't have long to wait and see. The war ends in 1945 and that's when you go down in history!” 
“1945?” he said after a brief pause. “Interesting.” 
I hesitated, wondering whether maybe I'd made a mistake. After all, I was worried that I might inadvertently change the course of history. In my anger, however, I'd forgotten my earlier concerns. 
“I'm a scientist, Ms. Carter,” Zieghoff continued cautiously. “That's all. I study, and I try to come up with things that will change the world in a good way. Now, maybe some of my colleagues step over the line occasionally, but I'm hardly responsible for their actions. I just focus on my own work, and right now that means trying to figure out how you came here, and whether or not we can use you to advance our cause in the war.” 
“You don't get off that easily,” I told him. “You already admitted that you cut someone up because you thought they were a witch!” 
“Her name was Joan and, as a matter of fact, she was already dead when I cut her up. The procedure was basically an autopsy. Tell me, have they outlawed autopsies in your time?” 
“You told me you fed her to your dogs!” 
“In this time of rationing, meat is meat,” he said calmly. “Should I have let the dogs starve?” 
“You're still a monster,” I replied, “and I won't help you. Where I come from, people demonstrate against your name. I don't know how you died, but I hope you were put on trial after the war with all your friends! If you survive to the end of the war, you'll be one of the first people in the dock at Nuremberg!” 
“Interesting,” he purred. “You story certainly contains some unusual detail. Nuremberg is a fine city.” 
“You're going to go down in history as a terrible person,” I said firmly. “You're going to become a symbol of all the evil and cruelty in the world. Your so-called work is going to be hated by everyone on the planet!” 
He stared at me for a moment, before getting to his feet. 
“No,” he said, as he brushed creases from his uniform. “Absolutely not.” 
“You know it's true!” 
“I know no such thing.” He turned and headed to the door. “I shall leave you to ponder your next move, Ms. Carter, while I determine how to proceed. One thing is certain, however. I will find a way to use you in order to help our cause. An army of witches was always a rather odd idea, but information from the future?” He turned and glanced at me, and a faint smile had once more reached his lips. “One way or the other, Ms. Carter, you will help us win this war.” 
“Never!” I shouted, but he was already out of sight and I could hear his footsteps moving further and further away. “I'm going to get out of here!” I yelled. “And when I do, I'm going to make you pay for everything you've done!” 
Chapter Twenty-Two 
Matthias 
  
“Where are you going?” 
Stopping at the end of the corridor, I turned to see Judith watching me from a nearby doorway. 
“Hugo says that we're leaving tonight,” she continued, sounding a little nervous. “He's been making plans all day, and... He says I'm coming with the two of you.” 
“Hugo can take you wherever he wants,” I replied. “I, on the other hand, have other plans.” 
“But Hugo -” 
“Hugo's not my keeper,” I said firmly. 
“He only wants what's best for you. Ever since the accident -” 
“It wasn't an accident,” I told her, cutting her off before she could parrot any more of my brother's ridiculous nonsense. “Someone tried to kill me. A vampire. I might not know who, but I do know that one day he or she is going to pay. Now that the poison is out of my system, I'm starting to plan my next move, and I no longer need my brother to pussy foot around and try to keep me safe.” 
“He's -” 
“And you'll always defend him,” I added, “so there's no point even having this conversation. You see only the good in him, Judith. I suppose that's some admirable blindness, in a way, but it'll only get you so far. My brother is a conniving little bastard and I might love him, but I most certainly don't trust him.” 
With that, I turned to walk away. 
“Her name is Chloe,” she said suddenly, “and she swears she knows you.” 
I stopped again and turned to her. 
“I don't understand it,” she continued, “but I saw the look in her eyes when she was telling me, and I believed her. She's not a witch, and she's definitely not crazy.” She sighed. “So the truth is, I understand why you have to go to her, and I'm not going to dry to dissuade you. But I won't lie to Hugo, either. When he finds out that you've left, I will tell him that you've gone to Chateau Malafort to find Chloe Carter. And next time you want to know something, Matthias, you can just ask me instead of trying to sneak into my head.” 
“I...” 
I hesitated for a moment. 
“You knew?” I asked finally. 
“You're not quite as subtle as you think,” she said firmly. “I knew that if I pushed back, you might get a little more forceful, and I didn't want that.” 
“I would never -” 
“I don't trust you, Matthias,” she added, interrupting me. “Now, if you're serious about going to Chateau Malafort, you should leave now. I imagine you'll have two, maybe three hours before Hugo realizes that you're gone, and then he'll come after you. Just be prepared and try, for once, to do the right thing.” 
“I don't need you to tell me that,” I sneered, before turning and walking away. 
Judith was lucky that day. If she'd been anyone other than my brother's lover, I'd have torn her apart for such insolence. 
Chapter Twenty-Three 
Chloe 
  
“Where are you taking me?” I asked, as I was forced to walk naked along a gloomy corridor. “What is this place?” 
The guard said something in German behind me, but I didn't understand. He'd entered the room a few minutes earlier and untied me, while another guard kept watch with a gun. Now I was being taken somewhere, and I was starting to accept that this really wasn't a dream after all. 
I was terrified. 
Suddenly the guard put a hand on my shoulder, and I stopped walking. 
He stepped past me and opened a door, and then he gestured for me to go through. I hesitated, but then he pushed me hard in the small of my back, forcing me into a small room where a man in a white coat waited next to a chair. 
“You must be Chloe,” the man said with a smile. “Welcome, my name is Doctor Loman and I've been asked to check on you and make sure that you're fit and healthy. Please, won't you take a seat?” 
“I'm fine,” I stammered, shivering in the cold air. “I don't need a check-up.” 
“You don't have a choice,” he replied. “If you resist, the men behind you will force you into the chair. You'll end up in there anyway, so why not do it the easy way?” He paused, leering at me as I tried to cover myself. “Or do you like bruises?” he purred. “Do you enjoy them?” 
I turned and saw that there were now three guards standing behind me. I briefly considered trying to run, but I knew that I had no chance of escaping so, reluctantly, I shuffled toward the chair. 
“Sit,” Doctor Loman said. “Please.” 
I did as I was told, and then – as I looked over my shoulder, I suddenly felt a metal cuff clamp down over my left wrist. 
“What the -” 
I turned to see that I'd been restrained, but then a second later another cuff was put in place, this time on my right wrist. 
“What are you doing?” I shouted. 
“Gentlemen, you can leave now,” Doctor Loman said, and the guards walked away. The last of them shut the door. 
“What kind of check-up is this?” I asked. 
“Oh, it's not a check-up at all,” Doctor Loman replied as he slapped a metal bar across my feet, forcing my legs down. “That was a lie, to make you sit down without too much trouble. The truth is that you've been sent to me so that I can extract some information. Colonel Zieghoff has a fearsome reputation, but the he rarely likes to get his hands too dirty. Fortunately, he knows he can trust me to get the job done.” 
“What are you talking about?” I asked, struggling against the restraints but finding that they were too firm. “You said this was a check-up!” 
“And I already admitted that was a lie.” He took a set of pliers from a nearby bench and examined it for a moment, before turning to me. “I do so hate it when people struggle,” he continued. “I didn't really want to be here today, but unfortunately I speak far better English than any of my colleagues, so I couldn't really refuse Colonel Zieghoff's request. I always get a terrible headache whenever I have to speak English. You could, of course, make this easy on yourself by giving up your information at the start. Is there any chance that you're going to be sensible?” 
“What are you going to do to me?” 
“Since you asked... First, I'll remove the nails from your fingers and toes. Then I might try taking out a few teeth, and if that doesn't work then I suppose I'll have to try a few other things. You'd be surprised how much pain and mutilation the human body can take, while still leaving the victim able to talk. Of course, the odds of survival are lowered dramatically, but there's not much one can do about that, is there?” 
He stepped closer, still holding the pliers. 
“It's entirely your choice,” he continued. “Are you going to cooperate now, or later?” 
“You're not going to torture me,” I replied through gritted teeth. “You can't.” 
“Of course I can,” he said, before taking hold of my left hand and reaching down with the pliers. “Why are you speaking such nonsense? Now -” 
“Wait!” I gasped. 
“You're going to talk?” 
I stared at him for a moment, before turning to look at the door. 
“Help!” I screamed at the top of my voice, even as I heard Doctor Loman starting to laugh. “Somebody help me!” 
“Who do you think might be out there?” he asked. “Seriously, what do you think this is going to achieve? You're only going to end up giving the both of us a headache. And I have one already, so it will be even worse for me. Please, have a little pity.” 
“Help me!” I screamed, pulling desperately against the restraints. “Somebody! Anybody!” 
“You're going to give up your secrets today,” Doctor Loman said, as I felt the pliers pinch the nail on my left thumb. “You're going to give up the secrets of the future. That's some very valuable knowledge, and we'd like you to pass it on. It's really up to you how much pain you endure before we get to that point.” 
I screamed again, as I felt the pliers pulling against my thumbnail and starting to lift it from the bed. 
Chapter Twenty-Four 
Matthias 
  
By the time I arrived at the gate of Chateau Malafort, night had drawn in and I was feeling tired. In my prime, of course, such a journey would be no trouble at all, but in my beleaguered condition I was prone to fits of weakness. I'd even dozed slightly in the car, and I'd been a little shocked when I'd been woken by the driver. Now Chateau Malford stood ahead, beyond the moat that ran around its circumference, and I felt a shudder as I thought of all the evil that was known to have occurred in that wretched place. 
“Do you want me to wait for you?” the driver asked. 
“No,” I replied as I stepped out of the car. “Go back to Paris.” 
I had already paid the man, so – as I walked toward the gate – I heard him reversing and starting to drive away. The night air was cold and the grass crunched beneath my feet as I approached the booth where a guard sat silently, and I was already trying to work out exactly how I might gain access to the chateau if my primary plan failed. Still, there would be time for that later. 
“I'm here to see Colonel Klaus Zieghoff,” I told the guard. “I have reason to believe that he's here, and I am certain that he will receive me.” 
“It's late,” the guard replied curtly. “Colonel Zieghoff gave orders that nobody is to enter the chateau tonight.” 
“Tell him that Matthias Bane is here.” 
“Colonel Zieghoff gave orders that -” 
“Tell him,” I said firmly, “and I guarantee that he will order you to open this gate. On the contrary, if I have to force my way through, he will be most unhappy with you. I will kill you, of course, to ease your suffering, but he will still curse your name.” 
The guard stared blankly at me for a moment, before taking the telephone from its cradle and starting to dial. 
As he asked for permission to open the gate, I looked toward the chateau and saw that lights were burning in several of the windows. The whole place was so remote, I felt as if I was a million miles from Paris, when in reality it had taken only a couple of hours to reach Chateau Malford. I listened out for any hint that the strange woman might be nearby, but in truth my senses were still a little dimmed by my injuries, and I knew that she had to be somewhere close. I still have no idea who Chloe Carter was, but I felt certain that I was about to unlock the mystery. 
A moment later, I heard the booth's door opening. 
“Colonel Zieghoff will see you,” the guard said as he began to swing the gate open. He seemed a little annoyed. Humiliated, perhaps. “He said to tell you that he'll be waiting in the dining room.” 
“Excellent news,” I replied with a smile. “And you get to live, which is a bonus. For you, at least.” 
Chapter Twenty-Five 
Chloe 
  
The hot metal pressed against my arm and I screamed, pulling hard on the restraints. 
“How about now?” a voice whispered in my ear. “Do you have anything to tell me?” 
“Go to -” 
Before I could finish, I felt the clamp tightening on my skin. Doctor Loman pressed an ice cube against the surface, and then he tightened the clamp again until I felt my body must be about to burst open. 
“And how about now?” he sneered, his hot breath hitting my ear as the clamp squeezed tighter still. “Tell. Me. Everything.” 
Chapter Twenty-Six 
Matthias 
  
“Monsieur Bane,” Zieghoff said as I stopped in the doorway, “what a pleasant surprise. I wasn't expecting visitors this evening.” 
A fire was roaring in the nearby hearth, and I looked around for a moment at the opulently decorated room. Zieghoff was evidently a man of questionable taste, and it was clear that he'd simply looted several nearby houses and stolen the gaudiest items for himself. Some of the items were fine, but they were all shoved together with an astonishing lack of artfulness. 
“I trust that you're feeling better?” Zieghoff continued. 
“Much,” I replied, stepping into the room and immediately noticing its warmth. “Thank you for your concern.” 
“You and your brother remain my most welcome guests in Paris,” he said, his voice trembling slightly with fear. Zieghoff had always struggled to hide a sense of awe when he was in company with vampires. “It is truly an honor to host you. I hope you will continue to enjoy my hospitality for as long as you wish to be in the city.” 
“You brought a woman here,” I said, stopping next to the table and staring at the wretched oaf. “Her name is Chloe Carter, I believe, and she is English. I wish to speak with her.” 
“That's out of the question.” 
“It's really not. It's going to happen.” 
“Ms. Carter is being processed as we speak,” he replied. “It might be possible for you to visit her at a later date, but right now she is far too valuable. I don't have time to fill you in on the whole story, but suffice it to say that I believe she can be very useful to our war effort. Why, even now I have a man working with her, encouraging her to do what's in her own best interest.” 
“And what might that be?” 
“Talking to us, of course. Telling us what she knows.” 
“She knows me, apparently.” 
“She seems to know a lot of things,” he replied. “Some of them, I think, might be slightly exaggerated. She has already made several highly unlikely claims about the future, but I intend to get the truth out of her before the night is over. She's trying to resist, but she really doesn't stand a chance. I can see the weakness and fear in her eyes.” 
“Take me to her.” 
“No.” 
“Now.” 
“Sit down and eat with me,” he continued with a smile. He was being far more resilient than I had expected. “You're really obsessing over this woman for no reason.” 
Hearing footsteps nearby, I turned just in time to see a waiter entering with a plate. 
“Set a place for Monsieur Bane at the table,” Zieghoff told the man, who set the plate in front of him, “and bring some better wine up from the cellar. Something to really impress.” 
“I'm not eating,” I said firmly. 
I heard more footsteps, and I turned just in time to see three guards entering the room. 
“You're always free to leave,” Zieghoff said. “The fact of the matter is that I won't allow anyone or anything to interrupt what's happening here tonight. The interrogation of the woman is of vital importance and even you, Monsieur Bane, are going to have to wait your turn. I'm sure the woman will give up her secrets quickly, in which case you can most likely talk to her tomorrow. Of course, there's a chance that she'll be less obedient, in which case I might have to prolong her suffering.” 
“I demand to -” 
“Who poisoned you?” 
I paused, not wanting to even attempt to answer that question. 
“A poison that leaves a vampire on the brink of death,” he continued, “must be a very potent poison indeed. Hard to acquire, difficult to administer. Yet from what I hear, you have still not identified the culprit.” 
“I'm working on that,” I said darkly. 
“You're several hundred years old. I imagine you've annoyed a lot of people in that time.” 
“Most of them are dead now.” 
“Evidently at least one isn't,” he pointed out. “At least one of them got close enough to slip some poison into your food. Or your drink, perhaps. Was it perhaps a poisoned chalice of wine?” 
“That's something for me to deal with,” I told him. “For now, I -” 
Suddenly, before I could finish, a scream rang out from somewhere beneath the building. I spun around, and the scream echoed for a few more seconds before falling away. 
“Such unfortunate timing,” Zieghoff muttered. “Don't worry, you know what we humans are like. We make an awful song and dance about the smallest of things.” 
“I'm going to her!” I snapped, as I began to storm out of the room. 
The guards stood to block my way, but I easily pushed them aside and made my way into the corridor. My senses were burning as I tried to determine where I might find this Chloe girl, but in truth there seemed to be pain and misery rushing at me from all directions. Some was Chloe's, for sure, but there was also plenty left over from other people who had died at Chateau Malafort, and I took a moment to try focusing on exactly what I needed. Finally, as I pulled out the threads of Chloe's pain, I made my way along the corridor until I found a large metal door, and I realized that I had found the way down to the basement. 
I tried to open the door, but it was locked, so I grabbed the edges and began to rip it away from the wall. Except that, this time, I was struck by a sudden pain in my chest, and after just a few seconds I dropped breathlessly to the floor. 
“You're weak,” Zieghoff said, and I turned to see that he was watching me. 
His guards were a little further back, and that simple fact sent a shiver up my spine. In an instant, I realized that this man – this pathetic, pointless little creature – was no longer scared of me. He understood that I was still injured, that I was pretending to be stronger than I felt, and now I'd delivered more proof of that fact by failing to rip the door away from its hinges. Perhaps I had been wrong all along. Perhaps it had been my brother that he feared, and never me. 
“This is a travesty of nature,” Zieghoff continued. “I've heard stories of vampires when they really go crazy. The power is immense. You, however, are still recovering from the poisoning, and you're not as fit as you thought. Otherwise, you'd be able to pull that door away with ease.” 
“I want to see her,” I snarled. 
“You're in no position to make demands.” 
“I will be,” I replied. “Soon enough.” 
“I think I'll wait until then,” he said with a faint smile. “For now, you seem to have come an awfully long way, and you haven't really been able to do anything. Perhaps you'll reconsider my offer of food?” 
Staring at him, I felt an uncontrollable urge to rip him apart. At the same time, in my wounded state I wasn't sure that I'd be successful, and I worried that his guards might be able to restrain me. Better, I told myself, to absorb all this anger and wait until I could strike. I'd been waiting so long to return to my peak form, and I was certain that I'd reach that point soon. I just had to be patient. 
“No?” Zieghoff said, raising a skeptical eyebrow. “Okay, well you just stay there on the ground, and come through if and when you're ready. In the meantime, I'll have a room made up for you. You are of course most welcome to stay as my guest.” 
He was enjoying himself. Clenching my right fist, I vowed that soon he would beg me for mercy. 
Chapter Twenty-Seven 
Chloe 
  
“France? What are you talking about? You can't move to France!” 
“It's not forever,” I said with a sigh, bracing myself for Mum's histrionics. “I just need a break.” 
“This is about that Jackson boy, isn't it?” 
“It's about getting out of my comfort zone. It's about finding myself.” I bristled at the fact that I sounded like such a cliché, but at the same time I genuinely did want to try something new. “The problem with living in my comfort zone all the time is that it's too... comfortable.” 
“And what's wrong with being comfortable?” 
“I've already agreed to rent a flat in Paris,” I told her. “I didn't mention it before, because I knew you'd try to stop me, but I've signed up for it and -” 
Suddenly I flinched as I felt a sharp, burning pain on my left wrist. I looked down, convinced that I must have been stung by something, but to my surprise my arm looked perfectly normal. The pain continued, however, as if something was trying to force through and get my attention. 
At the same time, my head was starting to feel a little woozy. 
“You have no idea what the world out there is like, my girl,” Mum continued. “You think it's all sweetness and light, but it's not! Oh, this is all my fault, I sheltered you while you were growing up and now you're not equipped to deal with things.” 
“I'm not a child,” I pointed out. “And I'm not naive.” 
“You can't live all alone in a place like Paris.” 
“What's the worst that could happen?” I asked. 
“Don't get me started,” she said with a heavy, theatrical sigh. “You'd find some kind of trouble to get involved with. You always do.” 
“Thanks,” I replied, “that's a real vote of -” 
Before I could finish, I felt one of my teeth coming loose. Shocked, I used my tongue to try pushing the tooth back into place on the left side of my mouth, but instead the damn thing fell all the way out. I reached up and slipped it out of my mouth, and I stared in numb confusion at the bloodied root. 
Over by the sink, Mum was going on and on about all the terrible things that would happen to me in Paris. She was talking about cities and murderers and stalkers and rapists and riots and terrorists and all sorts of other things she'd heard about on the news, but I was zoning her out as I stared at my dislodged tooth and felt – to my surprise – another already starting to come loose near the back of my mouth. 
I pressed against the next loose tooth with my tongue, hoping to force it to stay in place. 
“Are you listening to me?” Mum asked. 
“I'm trying,” I replied, barely able to speak as I felt my gums starting to swell. “Something isn't right. This shouldn't be happening.” 
“Those French men will eat you for breakfast,” she said haughtily. “I know you, Chloe. You'll be swept up in the romance of all those funny accents, and you won't look after yourself. They have a drinking culture over there. A bar culture!” 
“And we don't have that in London?” I asked, although all that came out was a garbled mess. “Wait a moment.” 
Getting to my feet, I hurried into the hallway and stopped to look at myself in the mirror. I looked perfectly normal, but I could already feel my gums getting bigger and bigger, and my mouth was filling with saliva. Another tooth had come loose, and I spat it into the palm of my hand. There was blood all around the root, and I felt as if my head was spinning. At the same time, I was becoming increasingly certain that there was something I needed to notice, something on the very edge of my perception. 
I looked at my reflection again, and this time I felt as if my eyes weren't actually open. 
“They have riots over there almost every week,” Mum was saying nearby. “Proper riots, with things being set on fire and everything. Don't you ever watch the news, Chloe? Paris is far too dangerous for a single woman. Now, if you'll just accept the inevitable and tell me everything, all the pain can stop. Wouldn't you like that? Just start talking, and you'll be fine.” 
Suddenly I cried out as I felt a sharp pain slicing into the side of my neck. I clutched my throat and fell to the side, and then I toppled over and landed hard on the carpet as I felt something swelling at the back of my mouth. I let out a slow, gurgling whimper as I rolled onto my back, and then finally I blinked and found myself facing a man I recognized from somewhere. It took a moment, however, before I realized that I was back in the basement room at Chateau Malafort. 
“That's better,” Doctor Loman said calmly, as he slid a needle out of my neck. “You passed out there for a moment. We can't be having that, can we? You need to be conscious for the next stage.” 
He held up a hammer. 
“You will break,” he continued with a slight smile. “First physically, and then mentally. You will give me everything I want.” 
Chapter Twenty-Eight 
Matthias 
  
Zieghoff reached into the bucket and pulled out another chunk of meat, which he examined for a moment before tossing it across the yard. 
The dogs rushed to the meat and began fighting among themselves for the best piece. They seemed well cared for but also slightly frantic, as if it was hunger that kept them under control. They hung on Zieghoff's every word, most likely because they knew they'd die if they did not. 
“Look at them,” Zieghoff said after a few seconds, smiling as he watched the dogs. “Every single one of them was found homeless on the streets of Paris. How can people do that? I have them brought here so that I can feed them and make them better. If we do not look after our animals, how can we possibly claim to be humane?” 
He held up another piece of meat, this time with a section of bone on its edge. 
“Before you ask,” he said, “it's pork.” 
He threw the meat, and some of the dogs scurried off to catch it as it landed. 
“Human pork,” he added, before chuckling. “Relax. Just a little joke.” 
“How can you care so much about these dogs,” I asked, “and yet you allow such pain and suffering to flood the streets of Paris?” 
“The dogs have done nothing wrong,” he replied. “The dogs deserve happiness and satisfaction. People, on the other hand...” 
His voice trailed off, and he watched the dogs with an expression of satisfaction. Even pride. 
“I meant what I said earlier,” he continued after a moment, glancing at me. “It gives me no pleasure to witness your weakness. I like to see the natural world being... Well, being natural, I suppose. I don't like great creatures to be held back by anything, and you and your species are great creatures. All of you, you're magnificent. I look at the greatest specimen of aryanism and I wonder if they can ever come close to being as perfect as the vampire. Believe me, that's food for thought in these strange times.” 
“What do you want from her?” I asked. 
“I want to know the future.” 
“Why?” 
“Why would I not?” 
“What do you think you can possibly achieve?” 
“I can change it, if necessary,” he replied. “Let me put that another way. If I know how the future goes, I can perhaps make changes so that it's improved. Imagine that. Imagine entering a battle and you already know how it went the first time. That would give you a sizeable advantage, would it not?” 
He took more meat from the bucket and threw it for the dogs, and for a moment he watched as they fought over the scraps. This seemed to give him great joy. It was as if he somehow genuinely cared more for a dog than for a human, and I found that strange. The man clearly had compassion, yet it came out in such strange ways. 
“If you were at full strength,” he said finally, “you'd have torn this place apart by now, wouldn't you? Perhaps you've even have killed me.” He turned to me. “And then you'd have carried the lady off, like a great big shining hero. But you're not at full strength, you're even weaker than you admit, which means that you're having to think for once. You're not used to that, are you?” He smiled. “You're not used to having to talk to the likes of me.” 
“You're right,” I replied darkly. “I would rather you were dead by now.” 
“You can still kill me.” 
“Your guards would likely have something to say about that.” 
“True. And I might be able to fight back. The playing field has been somewhat leveled.” He stared at me for a moment, as if I fascinated him. “What if I offered you a deal? It's within my power to release the woman, and I could do it right now. Her pain could end in an instant.” 
“I know what you want from me.” 
“Then give it to me.” 
“Never.” 
“But you can change a man into a vampire, can you not? You have the power to give that gift.” 
“It's rarely done, and for a reason.” 
“I want to be like you,” Zieghoff replied, getting to his feet and stepping closer. “I want that power. That potential. You were human once, were you not? You were like me, and another vampire changed you.” 
“No, I was born like this,” I told him. “As was my brother. We are pure stock.” 
“Then you don't know how it feels to be a mere human.” 
“And you will never know how it feels to be a vampire,” I replied, and I enjoyed seeing the flicker of irritation on his face. “You will remain a pathetic little human for the duration of your short, miserable life, and then you will die without ever having tasted true strength. You will rot back down into the mud, and your name will be forgotten, and eventually it will be as if you had never lived at all. And at the end of all that, even I will laugh at the memory of you. That's assuming I even remember that you existed in the first place. Which I might. After all, you have been excessively irritating.” 
I waited, but now he stared at me with an expression of pure hatred. I could tell that I had finally broken my way through to the core of this pathetic, petty little fool. 
“Sir?” 
Startled, I turned to see a man standing in the doorway nearby. He was wearing a white coat that was covered in blood. 
“I'm sorry to interrupt,” he continued, eyeing me a little nervously before turning back to Zieghoff, “but the Carter woman has finally broken. She's begun to tell us everything, and I thought you'd like to be there to hear it first-hand.” 
“You're quite right, Doctor Loman,” Zieghoff replied, and now his customary sense of self-satisfaction seemed to have returned as he stepped past me. “I must admit, she didn't last quite as long as I had expected. I thought that perhaps her sense of determination would hold until at least morning.” 
I began to follow him, but suddenly several soldiers stepped out through the doorway and stood in my way. I reached out to push them aside, but they raised their guns and I realized that in my injured state I might be delayed by bullet wounds. In all my existence, I had never felt so powerless. 
“Please, entertain yourself for a short while,” Zieghoff said to me with a smile as he walked away. “I'm sure we'll have a great deal to discuss later.” 
Chapter Twenty-Nine 
Chloe 
  
“No!” he snapped, slapping the side of my face again. “These are all just more lies! I demand the truth!” 
“You're hated,” I whispered, slurring my words slightly as I struggled to keep my eyes open. “I told you before. You lose the war and the world moves on to become a better place.” 
“Doctor Loman,” Zieghoff said with a sigh, “when you brought me down here, you claimed that you had broken this pathetic creature. It would seem that you were mistaken. She is merely telling us more lies about the future. I think you need to go on with your work.” 
“I understand your skepticism,” Doctor Loman replied, as I tried to stay conscious, “but I think maybe you should consider the possibility that...” 
He hesitated for a moment. 
“Well,” he added cautiously, “I think there might be a slight chance that she's, uh... telling the truth.” 
“How can you even consider such a possibility? The empire will last forever!” 
“That it might,” he said, “but has it occurred to you that this woman has been sent to us by a higher power? Perhaps she does come from a future in which the unthinkable happened, in which we somehow lost the war. But perhaps, by sending us this warning, the universe is trying to fix that terrible mistake. We should not let pride stand in the way of this opportunity.” He paused. “She has broken. Of that I'm certain. She believes what she's saying.” 
I felt a hand on my chin, and a moment later my face was forced up until I found myself staring into the eyes of Klaus Zieghoff. 
“How?” he barked. “What catastrophe caused us to lose the war?” 
“I don't know,” I murmured. “I never really paid attention in school. I was too busy with -” 
Suddenly he slapped me hard. 
“You're gonna lose,” I replied. “Big time.” 
“This is completely ridiculous,” Zieghoff sighed. “Even if this woman is telling the truth, it's useless without details.” 
“Sorry,” I replied, “but all your dreams of glory are going to go unanswered. There'll be no victory. No great army sweeping across the world. And all that nonsense about using the power of witches and vampires? Forget it. Not going to happen.” 
I waited, but now Zieghoff was simply staring at me, as if he was finally starting to believe what I was telling him. I could almost see the confidence ebbing away from his features, and he was starting to seem almost sick with horror. 
“I've carried out this type of work before,” Doctor Loman said. “I know what it's like when someone breaks, when they surrender and tell you everything they know and, well... That's what's happening right now. I would bet my professional reputation on that assessment. She's telling us the truth, or at least she's telling us what she thinks is the truth. And I don't think she's insane.” 
“Thanks,” I muttered darkly. 
Zieghoff hesitated, before letting go of my chin, allowing my head to tilt down once more. 
“Yes, Doctor Loman,” he said, his voice thick with tension, “I think perhaps you are right.” 
“You won't win,” I whispered, trying to remind myself that at least these assholes would go down in flames one day, even if I didn't live to see it happen. “It doesn't matter what you do. You can rage all you want, but I've seen how the world ends up after this war, and you lose. End of story.” 
A moment later, I heard footsteps walking away. 
“What should I do with her now?” Doctor Loman asked. “Should I kill her?” 
“She might yet remember something else,” Zieghoff replied from the far end of the room. “Even the smallest detail could potentially be of use. Keep her talking and let me know anything she says, even if it seems insignificant. I refuse to believe she can be so ignorant of the history she claims to tell us. She must know more. If I am to use this information, I require far more detail. I need to know how we lose.” 
With that, there was the sound of a door slamming shut. 
“Oh dear,” Doctor Loman said after a moment, “it seems that we're not done here. I'm sorry, I know I promised you a break earlier, but... Well, you've heard my orders. I'm afraid we're going to have to push on.” 
I heard him picking something up, and I tilted my head just far enough to see that he was once again holding the pair of pliers. 
“I suppose I see his point,” he continued. “You've given us the bigger picture, but I'm sure you know a few more things.” His grin began to grow. “Don't leave anything out, even if it feels like the most insignificant little scrap. The future of the human race could very well rest upon what you do and don't remember here tonight, Ms. Carter, so don't be shy.” His smile grew as he snapped the pliers in front of my face. “Let it all out.” 
Chapter Thirty 
Matthias 
  
Another scream, this time ringing out not only through the building but also through my mind. Standing all alone in one of the bare rooms at the rear of Chateau Malafort, I kept my eyes closed and reached out with my mind as the woman's torture continued. 
I could feel every shred of pain she was enduring. For me, of course, this pain was almost nothing, but I knew that it was enough almost to tear her mind apart. She was struggling, trying to stay strong, but in truth she had no chance. In such cases, the torturer always wins, and it was clear to me that this particular torturer was well practised in his craft. He was building the pain up slowly, taking great care to make sure that his victim remained conscious. Whenever she was close to passing out, he found a way to make her stay alert. And the more I listened, the more I felt great anger burning through my chest. 
“You're too weak, Matthias,” I heard Hugo saying, remembering the last time he'd reminded me about my injuries. “You still need to heal.” 
He was right, I knew that. I also knew that I was sick of waiting to regain my strength. Hugo had been protecting me for so long, I'd almost fallen into the habit of feeling as if I couldn't fight. I was clenching my fists as I felt the woman's pain, but Hugo's words continued to swirl through my thoughts, reminding me that there was nothing I could do to help. 
“You came so close to death,” his voice whispered. “You'll only damage yourself further if you push before you're ready.” 
“Matthias Bane?” 
Startled, I turned to see that one of the soldiers had come through to find me. 
“Colonel Zieghoff requests the pleasure of your company in his library,” he continued. “He says that it's a matter of some urgency.” 
“Tell him to end the torture session first,” I replied. “Then we'll talk.” 
“I'm afraid he insists on your cooperation,” the soldier said, raising his gun and aiming at my chest. “I'm not to return without you.” 
“You dare to threaten me?” 
“I'm telling you what you need to do.” 
“And do you think it's wise to point that thing in my direction?” 
“Colonel Zieghoff said that you might need some persuasion,” he replied, and now he allowed himself a little smirk. “I can fetch reinforcements, if that's what I need.” 
I opened my mouth to tell him to do just that, but then I hesitated. This pathetic little scrap of humanity was ordering me about, and at the same time he showed no fear whatsoever. In my proper state, the wretch would never have dreamed of getting within ten feet of me, yet now he thought he could swing his gun around and tell me what to do. Clearly someone had told him that I was weak, that he could be smart with me. I felt a growing sense of rage at such an unnatural situation. At the same time, I also knew that I couldn't resist. 
“You just have to accept that you're going to be weak for a while,” Hugo had told me once. “If you try to do too much, you'll only end up damaging yourself further.” 
“Fine,” I murmured, stepping around the soldier and starting to make my way along the corridor. 
“I'm glad you saw sense,” he replied, walking along behind me. 
A moment later, I felt his gun nudge against the small of my back. 
“If that thing touches me again,” I growled, “I'll ram it down your throat.” 
“Sure you will,” he said quietly. 
I was about to tell him to be careful, when I felt the woman's pain burst through my mind again. Something had just happened, something that had come close to ending her life, but she was somehow managing to cling on. I wanted to rush to her, to pull her away from the barbarian, but I quickly reminded myself that I had to contain my anger. There would come a time when my strength would be fully replenished, but I had not yet reached that point. I had to be patient. I was not accustomed to having to be smart. 
“Lousy vampire scum,” the soldier muttered behind me. 
Stopping, I turned to him. 
“What did you say?” I asked. 
“Nothing.” He prodded my chest with the gun. “Keep moving.” 
I stared at him for a moment, imagining all the things I would do to him if I had my strength, and then I turned and started walking again. As I did so, however, I couldn't help but clench my fists. 
“Pathetic wretch,” the soldier said under his breath. 
I stopped again. 
“Hey!” He nudged me with the gun. “I told you to keep moving!” 
“What did you say just now?” I asked, taking a deep breath in an attempt to stay calm. I still had my back to the wretched fool. “I didn't quite hear.” 
“I said you're going to walk,” he sneered. “What part of that is difficult to understand?” 
“I think,” I replied, “it's the part where you think you can talk to me like that.” 
“Really?” 
I turned to him. 
“You're not so impressive,” he continued, still smirking. “You know, whenever I heard about vampires before, they always sounded like these great creatures. Now that I've finally met one, it turns out that you don't really look very different to the rest of us.” He looked me up and down, while chuckling to himself. “I don't get why anyone would be scared of you,” he added. “There's nothing to you, really. Just a reputation and a stern look now and again. In fact, I'm pretty sure I've taken down bigger men in bar brawls.” 
“Is that right?” I asked, raising a skeptical eyebrow. “Maybe we should put that to the test.” 
He smiled. 
I opened my mouth, baring my fangs. 
His smiled hung for a moment on his face, before souring in a flash of panicked realization. 
In a flash, I struck, and it was over before it had really begun. I pinned the wretched human to the wall and snarled as I tilted his head to one side, cracking his neck with ease. My intention had been to drain his blood, but at the last moment I decided against feeding on such a miserable wretch, so instead – as he let out a pained gasp – I twisted his head around and tore it clean off his shoulders, letting his body crumple down to the ground. His blood, I decided, was probably weak and filthy anyway. 
“You were saying something?” I snarled, turning his head around as blood dribbled from the bottom. “I should thank you,” I added. “I needed this.” 
His mouth opened, as if he might be about to say something, but then he merely blinked at me as I grinned back at him. 
“Hey! You! Stop!” 
I turned to see another soldier rushing toward me with his gun raised. Before I could say anything, he fired a shot that hit me in the shoulder. I shuddered, but the pain was far from a problem, and I surprised myself by rushing forward and grabbing this second man. As he dropped his gun and begged for mercy, I pinned him against the wall and then used the first soldier's severed head to beat him about the face, crushing his features into a pulpy mess. Finally, I dropped the head and grabbed the second soldier's throat properly, squeezing tighter and tighter until my fingertips began to break through into his oesophagus. 
“I think my brother might have been a little too cautious about my health,” I sneered. “For the first time in quite a while, I actually feel like myself again!” 
Chapter Thirty-One 
Chloe 
  
“I still need more,” Doctor Loman said, sounding bored as he turned to me and held up a hacksaw. “I think it's time for some proper -” 
Suddenly a loud thud rang out from above, and he looked up toward the ceiling just as a thin layer of dust fell down. A moment later there was another thud, then another, and then some crashing sounds and cries rang out from the main part of the building. 
“That doesn't sound too good,” Doctor Loman continued, as another man screamed in the distance. He turned to me again, and I could see the fear in his eyes as yet another scream filled the air, sounding closer this time. “I think something might be coming our way.” 
Chapter Thirty-Two 
Matthias 
  
“I brought you some mementos,” I snarled as I stormed into the library and held up the four severed heads I'd collected from some of the dead soldiers. “After spending so long recuperating, I felt like being dramatic again.” 
Zieghoff stepped back, his face filled with horror. 
“That's the thing about poking an injured beast,” I continued, dropping the heads and then making my way across the room. “You have to make sure that they stay injured, otherwise there comes a point when they start fighting back.” 
“You're faking it,” he stammered. 
“Do you really think so?” 
“Stop!” he gasped, grabbing a gun from his desk and aiming it at me. “Don't come any closer!” 
“Or what?” I asked, stopping just a few feet from him. “You'll -” 
He fired, hitting me in the chest, and then he fired two more times until the gun let out an impotent clicking sound. 
“You severely over-played your hand here,” I snarled, ripping the gun from his hand and then grabbing him by the throat, spinning him around and finally slamming him against the wall. “As it turns out, my brother might have been a little over-protective. He was always warning me that I wasn't well, that I risked my health if I strained myself. I understand his concern, but perhaps I should pay more attention to my own instincts. And do you know what? Now that I'm back up and running, I actually feel pretty good.” 
“Wait!” he gasped, as I squeezed his throat tighter. “We can still make a deal!” 
“Vampires don't make deals with humans,” I said, leaning closer to him and baring my fangs. “Vampires either ignore humans, or feed off them. There's nothing between those two extremes.” 
“The woman -” 
“I'll get to the woman in a moment,”  I told him, cutting him off. “When my brother and I arrived in Paris, we told you that we didn't want to get involved in your petty human squabbles, and we meant every word of that. But it's not possible, is it? We can't be among you without getting drawn into the madness. It's as if you crave our attention, as some kind of validation. I don't know who this Chloe Carter woman is, but I'm going to find out, and I won't let you or anyone else – not even Hugo – stand in my way. I refuse to be -” 
Suddenly hearing a rustling sound, I looked down and saw that Zieghoff had been trying to surreptitiously slip a dagger from beneath his shirt, no doubt with the intention of attacking me. 
“Really?” I sneered. “Is that something you truly want to do?” 
He hesitated, and then he let the dagger slip from his hand. 
“Kill me!” he gasped. 
I looked into his eyes and saw that the fear seemed to have been replaced by something else, by a kind of hunger. It was an expression I had seen many times before, in people who knew they were about to die. Once they had accepted the inevitable, they sometimes yearned for death. They wanted to feel what it was like to be killed by a vampire. Humans, I had realized much earlier, could be very strange at times. 
“If I'm to die anyway,” he continued, “then so be it. If our glorious empire is to fall, then I do not want to see it happen. But if I can die at the hands of a vampire, then perhaps that's the most noble death of all. I only ask that you kill me slowly, Matthias. Let me feel every rip, every tear, every bone as it breaks. Let me feel you drain my blood away, let me even feel my life-force entering your body. Let me know what it's like to be consumed by such a powerful creature.” 
“You're pathetic,” I murmured, even though he'd only confirmed my suspicions. 
“I worship only power,” he replied. “Let me feel your power.” 
I stared at him for a moment, before realizing that he was deadly serious. This wretched little worm was so utterly entranced by the idea of power, he wanted to die at my hands. He wanted to feel my power ripping him to shreds, and he actually considered that to be a good death. In truth, I desperately wanted to kill him, but I was also repulsed by the idea of giving him what he wanted. He was staring at me with an expression of pure wonder, as if his imminent death filled him with an almost orgasmic delight, and finally – forcing myself to turn against my instincts – I let go out of his throat and let him slither down to the floor. 
“Why aren't you doing it yet?” he gurgled, as if madness was finally overcoming his soul. His eyes were open wide, burning with insanity. 
“Because I want you to die the way you lived, Zieghoff,” I replied, as I reached down and picked up the dagger. “Pathetically.” 
With that, I drove the dagger through his shoulder and into the wall, pinning him in place. He cried out in pain, but I merely twisted the blade a little before letting go and standing back. 
“Do it!” he snarled. “I don't want to be weak! I want to be strong, or I want to be dead!” 
“You shall be neither,” I reply, turning and walking away. “Not today.” 
“Get back here!” he shouted as I headed out into the corridor. He sounded utterly insane. “I command you! I will not die like this! I will die at your hands!” 
“In your dreams,” I muttered, making my way to the door at the corridor's far end, which sprung open as I got closer. 
I saw the doctor come running up the stairs, and he froze for a moment as he saw me. For a few seconds he merely stared at me, and then he mumbled something under his breath and ran away. In my prime, I might well have gone after him and cut him down, merely for the sport, but on this particular occasion I knew that I had to conserve my strength. To that end, I made my way down the stairs, ignoring Zieghoff's voice as he continued to call out to me. He sounded completely insane, as if his mind had finally broken. Finally I reached the bloodied chamber beneath Chateau Malafort. 
As soon as I saw Chloe Carter, still strapped into her seat, I felt certain that she must be dead. 
And then she began to stir. Her head lolled to one side and she murmured something that I could not hear, and then her head tipped forward. Her body was covered in cuts and marks, and the stench of blood was thick in the air. As I stepped toward her, I saw that her fingernails had been torn away. Several patches of skin had been removed, and dried blood was caked all over her body. A single bead of blood was dribbling down her arm. She let out a faint sigh, and I realized to my horror that she was somehow managing to stay alive. 
Not bad, for a human. 
Chapter Thirty-Three 
Chloe 
  
My eyes flicked open, and I saw light high above, breaking through gaps in a wooden roof. I blinked as I tried to get used to the bright light, and then I took a deep breath and felt an immediate splinter of pain in my left side. 
“What the...” 
For a moment, I had no idea where I was or how I'd got there. I barely even remembered my own name. Finally, however, everything came flooding back and I remembered being in that dungeon at Chateau Malafort, and I remembered the sight of Doctor Loman reaching toward me with a set of pliers. I remembered the pain, I remembered screaming, and I remembered praying for death. And then... 
And then nothing. 
Darkness. 
Silence. 
A void that seemed as if it might stretch on forever, until... 
Until I opened my eyes and saw the roof high above. 
I began to sit up, but the pain was intense. I gasped, but I knew that I couldn't just stay flat on my back, so I forced myself to sit up all the way. Looking around, I was surprised to find that I was in some kind of barn. A large open door on the far side revealed a view of vast fields stretching away to the horizon, and a gentle breeze caused the tops of nearby trees to rustle gently. I glanced over my shoulder and saw farm equipment nearby, and on the other side of the room there were workbenches decked out with various tools. 
I felt a shudder pass through my chest as I realized that perhaps Doctor Loman had merely transported me to some other torture center. 
Then again, I was no longer restrained. I looked down at my hands and saw that my nails had been removed, leaving the pinkness beneath. There was pain all over my body, but I was only really able to process so much. I felt the worst of the pain, and the rest seemed to merely ripple beneath the surface, waiting for its chance. My heart was pounding and my thoughts were racing, and at the same time I was terrified that soldiers would arrive at any moment and that the whole nightmare would begin again. 
Slowly, pushing against the pain, I got to my feet. I almost tottered straight over, but somehow I managed to find my balance, and then I started shuffling forward. I was wearing some kind of shapeless cloth sack, tied around the middle, but I was just glad to be wearing anything at all. As I reached the large open doorway, I slowed a little and began to listen out for any hint that there might be other people around, but when I peered outside I saw that the barn appeared to be out in the middle of nowhere. 
Suddenly feeling a little weak, I reached out and supported myself against the wall. Once that wave of exhaustion had passed, I stepped out into the morning sun and took another look around, and this time I spotted the ruins of a farmhouse nearby. I began to make my way over, and I soon discovered that there appeared to have been a fire at some point. Charred timbers had been left on the ground, but the fire must have been huge. The building had basically been destroyed. 
A moment later, hearing a crunching sound nearby, I turned and saw a figure coming around from the rear of the barn. I flinched, ready to run, but then the figure stopped and looked at me, and I realized that I recognized him. 
“Matthias?” I whispered, shocked but also relieved. It was him. Finally. “Matthias!” 
Chapter Thirty-Four 
Matthias 
  
“No, I do believe you,” I said, even though I was struggling to understand precisely how any of this could have happened. “You come from the future, and in the future you met me. I can sense that you feel a connection to me, even if...” 
My voice trailed off. 
“Even if you have no idea who I am,” she replied after a moment, and in that moment I could see the sadness in her eyes. 
“Klaus Zieghoff has been experimenting with the occult for many years,” I told her. “Many have mocked him for that, and he has certainly gone down plenty of dead ends. Eventually, however, it was inevitable that he would stumble upon some true power. The only consolation is that he doesn't seem to understand the nature of that power. Not yet, anyway.” 
“How do I get home?” she asked. 
“Perhaps I should have killed him back there,” I continued. “I didn't want to give him what he wanted, but I should have just cut his throat. I could have given him the death he so clearly craved.” 
“Matthias -” 
“I won't make the same mistake again,” I said firmly. “If I ever see Zieghoff again, I'll -” 
“Matthias!” 
I turned to her. 
“How do I get home?” she asked again. 
“I don't know,” I replied. “For now, you need to focus on recovering from your injuries. You must be in a great deal of pain.” 
“It's better than still being strapped in that chair,” she explained. “I thought I was going to die back there. I mean, I really thought there was no way out. At the end, anyway. At the start, I kept waiting for you to -” 
She stopped suddenly, as if she was worried about completing that sentence. 
“For me to save you?” I asked. “Tell me, in the future, do I make a habit of doing things like that?” 
“You have your moments.” 
“And I'm waiting for you there, am I?” I continued. 
“You...” Again, her voice trailed off, and she looked away for a few seconds. “Something like that.” 
“I don't want to know anything about the future,” I told her. “Not really. That kind of power is too great, and I don't want to risk changing anything. The best solution, for all concerned, would be for you to go back to where you came from, and to get on with your life there, and then I in turn can get on with my life here. I am -” 
Suddenly I felt a flicker of pain in my side, catching me off-guard, and I let out an agonized gasp. 
“Are you hurt?” Chloe asked. 
“Nothing that won't pass. Let's just say that I exerted myself back there. Some rest would do me good, but there's no time for that now. We're barely twenty miles from Paris. If people are looking for us, they'll check this place sooner rather than later, and we need to be gone by then. Or at least, we need to have a plan. We need to have figured out how we're going to get you home.” 
“Zieghoff said something about a blue ring,” she replied. “I didn't really understand. I'd never seen it before, but he said it had been in my pocket.” 
“That might just be a coincidence.” 
“He said it existed twice, as if it had been at both ends of the journey I made back in time. Like it was some kind of anchor.” 
“There might be some truth to that,” I told her, as I tried again to make sense of the mess. “I'm starting to think more and more that I made a mistake in getting us away from Chateau Malafort. Zieghoff's guards were dead, and I could have killed him too. Then I'd have been able to go through his things in an attempt to figure out what he's really been doing. I should never have been so -” 
I gasped again as the pain returned, and this time there was no way to hide the truth. 
“What's wrong?” Chloe said. “You were sick in the future, too, when I first met you.” 
“That's impossible,” I said through gritted teeth. “I'm almost healed.” 
“What happened?” she asked. 
“I was...” 
My voice trailed off, and I quickly told myself that there was no point going into the details. It wasn't as if I even knew what had happened myself. Although I certainly had some suspicions. 
“I need to rest,” I said after a moment, “and so do you. Then we have to figure out what to do next, because sitting still is not an option. The most important thing is to get you back to where you belong, before you have a chance to change the course of history. You're out of your proper time period, Chloe. That can't be allowed to last much longer.” 
“Is it really possible to change the course of history?” she asked. “I told Zieghoff about the war. That the Nazis lost it, I mean. Fortunately I don't really know any of the details, but is there a danger that I've already done something stupid?” 
“Have you noticed anything strange?” 
“Like what?” 
“Inconsistencies,” I replied. “Things that have changed already.” 
“No. But I wouldn't necessarily realize.” She paused. “Maybe it just hasn't been long enough.” 
“There's not a lot he can do without the details,” I told her, even though I was a little worried about the impact of her arrival. “It's best to not say anything to anyone.” 
“Not even to you?” 
“Especially not to me.” 
“Not even if it's really important?” 
Looking at her, I realized that there was something she desperately wanted to tell me. She was struggling to hold back, so evidently this was something important. All the more reason, then, to make sure that she kept her mouth shut. 
“Matthias,” she said after a moment, “you need to know one particular thing. In the future, right before I came back here, you -” 
“Don't,” I said firmly. 
“But -” 
“Don't! I'm serious, Chloe! Whatever happens in the future, it should continue to happen. I know that in some cases that might be hard, but you have to put the good of the world above your own feelings.” I hesitated, keenly aware that she seemed terribly upset about something. Deep down, I sensed that maybe it was something to do with my fate. “Just keep that thought in your mind. You can't change anything at all.” 
“Why don't you enter my mind?” she asked. 
“It's too risky.” 
“But I'm letting you do it this time.” 
“This time?” 
“You've done it before. In the future, I mean. It's complicated. But this time, I'm totally willing to let you go in there and learn everything that I know.” 
I stared at her for a moment, and I have to admit that I was briefly tempted by the thought. To know the future, to know everything that was coming, would have given me a godlike advantage over the rest of the world. Over my own fate even. At the same time, something was holding me back, and I somehow understood that I'd only end up causing more problems. I'd meddled with so much in my life, but time travel seemed like a particularly dangerous area to exploit and I simply didn't trust myself. Deep down, I was scared of how much damage I might cause. 
“We have to stay focused on what's important,” I told her, “and that means -” 
Before I could finish, I heard footsteps nearby. Springing up, I turned just in time to see a familiar figure coming toward us. 
“Judith?” I stammered, shocked by her sudden arrival. “What are you doing here?” 
Chapter Thirty-Five 
Chloe 
  
“For everything you destroyed, Chloe, you must now pay a heavy price. For Judith, for all the pain. For how she died. Did you really think I'd let you get away with it?” 
Hugo's words hung in my thoughts as I warily watched Judith set a basket on the ground. She was the same girl who'd brought me food and water while I was in the jail cell, but I hadn't known her name at the time. And although I tried to tell myself that this might not be the same Judith that Hugo had mentioned, deep down I knew that her arrival couldn't be a coincidence. 
“How did you find us?” Matthias asked. “Is Hugo with you?” 
“You were in a hurry,” she replied cautiously, “so I guessed you'd go to a place that you knew to be abandoned. My family's old farm fits the bill perfectly. And... No, Hugo isn't with me. Hugo probably hasn't even noticed that I'm away from the house.” 
“Then what are you doing here?” Matthias continued. 
“I'm doing what I always do,” she said, glancing briefly at me. “I'm trying to help people.” Getting to her feet, she took a moment to brush her hands on the sides of her dress, and then she stepped toward me. “We haven't been properly introduced. My name is Judith.” 
“Chloe,” I replied as we shook hands. 
“Judith is my brother's lover,” Matthias said darkly. 
“And before you ask,” Judith added, “I'm only human. I'm just a normal person.” 
“You shouldn't be here,” Matthias told her. “The last thing I need right now is for Hugo to find me.” 
“Hugo's in such a rage,” she replied, “he won't think clearly for hours. He went to Chateau Malafort and, from what I understand, he must have arrived just an hour or so after the pair of you left. When he found out that you'd been there, he lost control. I've never seen him act that way before, he was completely inconsolable. I wouldn't have liked to have been any of the guards at that place, not if he decided to take his anger out on them. Well, who am I trying to fool? Of course he took his anger out on them.” 
“And Zieghoff?” Matthias asked. 
“I heard Zieghoff screaming. He sounded... not himself. As if he'd lost his mind.” 
“My brother needs to learn to stay out of my business,” Matthias said. “I'm grateful to him for nursing me back to better health, but sometimes his attempts to protect me go too far.” 
“He will find you,” she told him, “and when he does, it won't be pleasant.” 
“I'm starting to find his actions rather suspicious,” Matthias replied. “Why does he want so badly to control me? This wouldn't be the first time that he's hidden his true motives.” 
“Matthias,” I said cautiously, still unable to stop staring at this Judith woman I'd heard so much about, “can I have a word with you? In private?” 
“Not now,” he muttered. “Judith, thank you for coming to check up on us, but we have to leave this place soon. Once Hugo calms down, he'll think to check here. I hope you covered your tracks well, because he'll be furious if he finds out that you came here without him. I need you to tell him...” He paused, as if for a moment he wasn't quite sure how to continue. “I need you to tell him that I have things covered,” he added finally. “That I don't need his help. That I'll be in touch again soon enough.” 
“He'll never accept that,” she replied. 
“He won't have a choice.” 
“Who are you really?” she said, turning to me. “I've heard stories about you being a witch, or about you coming from the future, or about you being some kind of vampire. A lot of people seem to think that you're either dangerous or valuable, or both. Who are you, and why was Colonel Zieghoff so desperate to get his hands on you?” 
“I'm nobody,” I told her. 
“That can't be true.” 
“It is,” I explained. “I really can't say much, I can't take that risk, but I'm not special in any way. I just got mixed up in things, and now I want to go home.” 
“You have an English accent. Are you a spy?” 
“If only things could be that simple,” I replied. 
“You don't need to worry about any of this,” Matthias told her, “and neither does Hugo. I'm going to take care of Chloe and make sure that she gets to where she needs to be. Wherever that is. The most important thing is that Hugo mustn't start interfering. I love my brother, Judith, but I don't trust him.” 
“Matthias?” I nudged his arm. “I need to tell you something. It'll be quick.” 
“In a -” 
“Now!” 
I pulled on his arm. He hesitated, but then he relented and turned to me. 
“I'll go and see if the old well is still in use,” Judith said, clearly sensing that she needed to step away for a moment. 
“I know you told me not to tell you about the future,” I said to Matthias, keeping my voice low, “but I think there's something you really need to know. It's not directly about you this time, it's about your brother Hugo and about that Judith woman. It's about something that happens to them, or between them, or...” I paused for a moment. “It's important,” I added finally. 
I waited for him to tell me that this was out of bounds, that we couldn't talk about the future at all. Instead, however, he glanced over his shoulder to check that Judith was far enough away, and then he turned to me again. 
“What is it?” he asked. 
“I don't know exactly what happened,” I replied, “but in the future... Hugo was different. He'd lost his mind, he seemed completely crazy. And one thing he kept mentioning over and over again was that he'd lost Judith. Her death seemed to have pushed him over the edge.” 
“Judith's human,” he pointed out. “He already knows that he'll outlive her. And if he was that upset, there are solutions. He could turn her into a vampire.” 
“Well, he didn't do that,” I explained, “and he talked as if something really bad had happened, as if she'd been taken from him.” I paused for a moment. “Matthias, he blamed me. He kept saying that it was my fault she was dead, that if he could just get rid of me and stop me, she'd be alive. I'm starting to think that he meant stopping me coming back in time.” I felt a shudder pass through me. “Matthias,” I continued, “what if he was right? What if I'm the reason Judith dies?” 
Chapter Thirty-Six 
Matthias 
  
“I know what you're going to say,” Judith muttered as I made my way over to join her at the old well. “You're going to say that I have to leave, and that I mustn't tell Hugo where you are.” 
I stopped at the well and peered down into the darkness. 
“There's no water here,” she explained. “I suppose that's appropriate, in a way. The farm was already dying when I was a girl. I knew it, my father knew it, my mother knew it. That was why they didn't try to stop me when I announced I was going to look for work in Paris. Of course, my plan was to support my parents, but they died just a few months later.” 
“I know,” I replied. “I'm sorry.” 
“The farm was sold to pay debts,” she continued, “but the new buyers went out of business. Then the war came, and I don't know who owns the land now. I know that, to you and Hugo, these things aren't very important, but the farm means everything to me. It had been in our family for so many generations. We must seem like mayflies from your perspective, but right now I feel as if this life is so hard and so long.” 
I watched her for a moment, and I felt truly sorry for her. She'd told me several times about her parents, and I knew that she felt a lot of guilt for having left them. Now there were tears in her eyes, and I began to wish that I'd chosen to take Chloe somewhere else. 
“I should get back to the city soon,” she said suddenly, wiping her eyes and sniffing back more tears. “Hugo will want to see me as soon as he's calmed down.” 
“Why is he so determined to control my life?” I asked. 
“I don't know.” 
“I feel that this goes beyond simple brotherly love,” I continued. “He's using me for something.” 
“You might be right. But, believe it or not, he and I don't really talk about you all that much.” 
“You've only known him for a few years,” I added, “but trust me, Hugo is not trustworthy. He always has plans lined up, and he only ever reveals them when he has to. He brought me to Paris so that I could recuperate in a city filled with pain, and that explanation makes a certain modicum of sense, but it also raises some big questions. For all his good qualities, Hugo is a plotter, and I noticed that as soon as we reached Paris he began to befriend certain key figures in the Nazi party. Klaus Zieghoff, in particular.” 
“He goes to see Zieghoff at least twice a week,” she replied. 
“I know.” 
“But did you know that he always asks me if you saw him leave?” 
I take a deep breath. 
“You're right,” she continued, “he's definitely up to something. I love him with all my heart, I'd do anything for him, but he's so obviously carrying a great weight on his shoulders. Sometimes I'm scared to think what he might be planning.” She hesitated again. “He sees humans as things to be used, doesn't he? He wants to manipulate us, and that's his real reason for being in Paris.” 
“I'd like to say that you're wrong,” I muttered. 
“I love him,” she replied. “I'd do anything for him, and I would never betray him, not to you or anyone.” 
“I know that.” 
“I just want him to be happy,” she continued. “I want him to stop interfering with the world, I want him to relax more, like you.” 
“I wouldn't say that I'm relaxed,” I told her. “You didn't know me before I was poisoned, you don't know what I was like. I might seem rather calm these days, maybe a little slow-moving, but I promise that in the past I was known as quite the tearaway.” 
“I can believe that. Hugo has told me lots of stories.” 
“You should believe all of them,” I replied with a smile, “except the boring ones. For all his faults, my brother is no liar, and he would never try to big me up. Quite the opposite, in fact. He probably only told you those stories because he thought they'd make you look down on me.” 
“I really have to go,” she said. 
“We'll be gone by the time Hugo gets here.” 
“Where are you taking Chloe?” 
“I have a few ideas,” I replied, “but I wouldn't tell you, even if I'd made a decision. You're too loyal to my brother, and I respect that. I'm glad he has you, Judith. I hope...” 
My voice trailed off. 
“You hope what?” she asked. 
Staring at her, I briefly felt a sense of great sorrow at the thought she might soon be taken from this world. I'd sometimes dismissed Judith as being rather simple, but deep down I knew that she was a positive influence on my brother's life, and that she was a good person. Part of me wanted to warn her, to tell her to get as far away from us all as possible, but I knew that by saying anything I'd only end up breaking my own rules. And those rules were in place for a reason. 
“One more thing,” I said, as she turned to walk away. “You grew up here, so you might know... Is there anywhere we might be able to find a horse?” 
Chapter Thirty-Seven 
Chloe 
  
So there I was, riding pillion on a horse, clinging onto a vampire, in a forest in the middle of Nazi-occupied World War Two France, and a thought crossed my mind: 
At least things can't get any weirder. 
I actually thought that. 
At least things can't get any weirder. 
How wrong could I have been? Looking back now, I sometimes wonder whether that thought was deeply unwise, whether the universe heard that thought and decided to throw a whole new load of weirdness my way. Whether what happened next was the universe's way of saying: 
“Hey Chloe Carter, you think things are weird now? You just wait and see what's right around the corner!” 
“Are you sure we shouldn't just walk?” I gasped, as I continued to cling on for dear life. “I feel as if I'm going to fall off this thing at any moment!” 
“You'll be fine,” Matthias replied, sounding quite amused. 
Beneath us, the horse almost tripped on a patch of uneven ground. I grabbed Matthias's waist and hugged him tighter than ever, desperate to keep from slithering over the side and off the horse entirely. 
“Do you know where we're going yet?” I asked. “We've been riding for a couple of hours and you still haven't told me!” 
“I have a few ideas, and I'm narrowing them down.” He sounded strangely relaxed. “The most important thing right now is to put some distance between us and Paris. Hugo will be after us, and I'd rather avoid his wrath for as long as possible. It pains me to say this, but in some ways my brother and Colonel Klaus Zieghoff have similar instincts. You don't want to jump out of the frying pan and straight into the fire.” 
“This is hopeless,” I said with a sigh. “We're just wandering through a forest, with no plan at all. Maybe we should just stop, so that you have time to think.” 
“I'm already thinking.” 
“Maybe I should tell you more about the future,” I continued. “Nothing too detailed, nothing that could allow you to change what happens, but there might be a clue in there somewhere. If I'm going to get back to where I belong, shouldn't we start trying to figure out how I ended up here in the first place?” 
“And we're going to do just that,” he told me. “There are a few options I need to consider. We could head to Rome, I know some people there. Or Thaxos. Or there's a woman in Lareda who knows a thing or two about the mechanics of time.” 
“Fine,” I muttered, “I really just want to get off this horse. There's no way we can fly, is there?” 
“Fly? You mean, steal a plane?” 
“I mean, you're a vampire. Can't you fly?” 
“I can't turn into a bat, Chloe.” 
“Oh.” 
“Did you seriously think I could?” 
“Shame,” I muttered under my breath. “That might actually be useful, if you could be a big bat that could carry me. There'd be -” 
Suddenly hearing a rustling sound, I looked over my shoulder. 
“Did you hear that?” I asked. 
“Hear what?” 
I watched the way we'd just come, but there was no sign of anyone. A moment later, however, I heard another rustling sound. I looked to the left, and now I was seriously starting to worry that we might not be alone in the forest. 
“How can you not have heard that?” I whispered. “It sounds like there are people out there.” 
“You might be right,” he replied, lowering his voice. “I think I -” 
Suddenly three women stepped out from behind nearby trees, aiming guns at us. Matthias brought the horse to a halt, just as a couple of men emerged from some bushes behind us. I felt a rush of panic, although the sensation was tempered by the realization that these people weren't wearing military uniforms. As I looked around at them, I began to notice that their clothes were tattered and old, and that their faces were covered in some kind of dirt that seemed designed to help them blend in with their surroundings. 
One of the women shouted something in French. 
Matthias replied, also in French. 
There then ensued a short conversation between them, with the woman sounding very firm and Matthias sounding increasingly annoyed. Finally, this conversation ended with the woman signaling to her friends, all of whom then raised their guns. 
“Chloe,” Matthias said cautiously, turning to me, “I don't know how much of that you followed -” 
“None of it,” I told him. 
“In which case, I think I should introduce you to some people.” 
“Is it Nazis?” I asked. “Please tell me it's not more Nazis.” 
“It's not more Nazis,” he replied cautiously, and I could see the concern in his eyes. “Chloe, I'm afraid that we're now prisoners of the French resistance.” 
Chapter Thirty-Eight 
Matthias 
  
“More angry humans,” I muttered under my breath as I climbed down from the horse, and as I saw – from the corner of my eye – several guns turning to remain trained on my head. “Just what we need.” 
Chapter Thirty-Nine 
Chloe 
  
“But this is good, isn't it?” I asked as I followed Matthias through the dark forest, with several resistance members walking behind us. “I mean, the resistance are the good guys. They're not going to hurt us.” 
“What's that supposed to mean?” he replied. “What good guys?” 
“Well, they're on our side!” 
“Our side? What are you talking about, we're not on any side, Chloe.” 
“Well, no,” I replied, before giving the matter some thought for a moment. “I mean, we kind of are, though. I totally admit that I didn't pay much attention in school, but one thing I did pick up on is the fact that the Nazis were the bad guys. And the resistance were resisting them, they were helping the British and the Americans. So that makes them the good guys, right?” 
I waited for an answer, but I was starting to worry that I might be missing something. That somehow I was being naive. 
“Right?” I added finally. 
“I'm not on anyone's side in this war,” Matthias replied after a moment, “and you shouldn't be, either. The war is just a big waste of time, with humans fighting one another over pathetic little patches of land. Both sides are committing atrocities, but that's fine with me. Let them wipe one another out. Occasional mass slaughter seems to be an essential aspect of human civilization, it's almost a counterbalance to your rapacity. I decided at the start that I'm staying out of it.” 
“But -” 
“This whole war is completely insignificant.” 
“Insignificant?” 
We walked on for a moment in silence. 
“You think World War Two is insignificant?” I asked after a few more paces. 
“You think it's important?” 
“People are dying!” 
“And if some mayflies were having a war above the surface of a pond,” he replied darkly, “would you care about that too?” 
“Mayflies? Is that really how you see humans?” 
“Humans live and die in the blink of an eye. You also seem to take great interest in anything that can bring pain and misery to your species. And you might believe that this war is particularly terrible, Chloe, but it's really nothing. Compared to the great wars of Gothos and Sangreth, compared to the Battle for the Library or the fight at Al'Gere, this supposed war is nothing more than... Well, it's nothing more than mayflies dancing above a pond. And I for one have no intention of wasting my time by getting involved.” 
“That's... cold,” I pointed out, shocked by his attitude. 
“These people would be dead by now, if I could afford to kill them,” he replied. 
“If that's your attitude, I'm surprised you haven't killed them already.” 
“Believe me, I would have. The truth is, I'm still recovering. I overexerted myself at Chateau Malafort, and I set myself back a little. Plus, I can't risk doing anything that might draw attention to us.” He glanced at me. “In case you've forgotten, we have both Klaus Zieghoff and my brother Hugo on our tails. If word gets out that a vampire is even suspected to be in this part of the country, we'll have company.” 
We continued to walk, and I was starting to feel as if I didn't really know Matthias at all. In the future – in my past – he'd seemed kind and caring, but I was beginning to wonder whether I'd been wrong about that. The Matthias I was talking to now seemed cold and bitter, and I really didn't like the idea that he saw humans as nothing more than mayflies. I guess maybe I'd expected him to be some kind of shining hero, when in fact he was just like everyone else. He was trying to get on with his life, with as few interruptions as possible. 
“So why are you even here with me now?” I asked finally. 
“What do you mean?” 
“Why did you bother rescuing me from Zieghoff?” 
I waited, but at first he didn't answer. 
“You seem significant, somehow,” he said after a brief pause. “I've sensed for a while that something important might be coming toward me. A time-traveler who knows my name would seem to fit the bill perfectly. I still don't know how or why you're here, but there must be a reason.” 
Stopping, I realized that he was serious. 
“So you just see me as some kind of mystery to be solved?” 
Suddenly someone shoved me hard in the small of the back, sending me stumbling forward. I turned as one of the resistance members snarled something at me in French. 
“They want you to keep moving,” Matthias explained. “Pleasant people, don't you think?” 
I turned and started walking again, but I was starting to feel increasingly concerned. Matthias seemed to be so terribly cold-hearted, and I was actually starting to think that he wasn't much better than Hugo. And then, as I saw the outskirts of a town up ahead, I realized that I hadn't been magically rescued from danger when Matthias had freed me from Zieghoff's dungeon. I was still in a huge amount of trouble, and I had no idea how I was ever going to get home. 
Or if I was going to get home. 
Chapter Forty 
Matthias 
  
“Who's in charge here?” I asked as we stopped in the town square, which stood deserted under the moonlight. “One of you must be calling the shots. Nominally, at least.” 
“Maybe you should consider shutting your mouth,” the nearest woman replied, with her gun still aimed at me. 
I flinched. Deep down, I wanted nothing more than to rip these idiots apart, and to leave their entrails in the mud for pigs to find in the morning. I knew, however, that the wisest course of action would be to hold back a little, although I calmed myself by silently promising that – when the time came – I would indeed make these fools pay for their actions. 
“You're English,” the woman said, switching from French. 
“Hardly,” I muttered. 
“You sound English.” 
“I spent a lot of time there.” 
“Before the war?” 
“In the reign of Queen Anne, if you must know,” I snarled, before once again forcing myself to stay calm. “Where I come from is none of your concern,” I added, “and even if I told you, you wouldn't believe me.” 
“You seem very full of yourself,” she replied. “Very confident.” 
“That should worry you.” 
“I've never met anyone quite like you,” she continued, stepping toward me. I could smell the excitement on her, and her eyes blazed with a kind of pathetic human curiosity. “When we pick people up, they're usually groveling for their lives by this point.” 
“Then you've never picked anyone like me up before,” I snarled. 
“Indeed not.” She hesitated. “There's a first time for everything, I suppose.” 
“And a last.” 
She smiled. 
“Michelle,” a voice called out, “that's enough!” 
Turning, I saw that a short, round man was coming out of a nearby building. He had several more resistance members with him, and I was immediately aware that this individual seemed somehow to be important. He looked overweight and rather sickly, yet he approached me with a great deal of confidence. 
“You must forgive Michelle,” he continued, “she tends to get ahead of herself. She has been through a great deal, as have we all. I'm sure you've been through a lot too. Both of you.” 
“We have no wish to get involved with what's going on here,” I said firmly. “Let us leave right now, and I'm willing to overlook the way we've been treated.” 
I glanced at Chloe, but she looked totally shell-shocked by everything that was happening, as if she didn't quite understand. 
“We tend to be suspicious of people who are found wandering the forest,” the man replied. “My name is Pierre, and I'm in charge of our little unit here. You must understand, it's my job to make sure that we remain safe, and your arrival seems rather strange. You have an English accent, but that doesn't mean much.” He paused. “Plenty of German spies have trained themselves to have different accents.” 
“Do you see now?” I said with a sigh, turning to Chloe again. “This is why I never want to get involved in human affairs. Everything is so petty and filled with suspicion. Humans have a tendency to over-complicate even the simplest of matters.” 
“Humans?” this Pierre fool muttered. “You speak almost as if you're not one of us.” 
“You'll let us leave. Now.” 
He stared at me for a moment, and then he allowed himself a very faint smile. 
“There are Germans everywhere,” he said finally. “A convoy has been passing through this area, you're lucky that you didn't run into it before we found you. If you're really not on their side, I'm sure you'll prefer to stay here with us until morning. Then we can help you find your way, and everyone will be happy. Doesn't that sound like a good idea?” 
“I'd rather take my chances,” I said darkly. 
“But you said you don't want to fight,” Chloe whispered. 
I turned to her. 
“You said you don't want to draw any attention to us,” she added. “If there really is a convoy, we need to make sure that we don't run into it. I know we need to keep moving, but a few hours here shouldn't cause too much trouble. Should they?” 
I opened my mouth to tell her to stay out of the discussion, but at the last moment I realized that she had a point. In my weakened state, I needed to avoid major conflict at all costs, and in truth I'd already sensed danger on the horizon. I hated the idea of being told what to do, but staying put for at least a few hours made some degree of sense. As I turned back to Pierre, I saw the self-satisfied expression on his face and I took a moment to force myself to stay calm. There would be time to rip his head from his shoulders in the morning, if I still felt the same way. 
“We have food and water,” he said, “and we can find somewhere for you to sleep. That is our offer to you, my friends. You won't find anything better for hundreds of miles.” 
“I'm exhausted,” Chloe said. “Can we sleep, even if it's just for a few hours?” 
As she said those words, her belly gurgled loudly. 
“I'm hungry, too,” she added. 
“We stay until dawn,” I said firmly, determined to not seem as if I was capitulating, “but then we leave.” I turned back to Pierre and Michelle. “Whether these people like it or not.” 
Chapter Forty-One 
Chloe 
  
“You're far from home,” Pierre said as he led me into a room in one of the houses next to the town square. “Your friend sounds English, but there is a hint of something else to him. Whereas you...” 
He turned to me. 
“You're the real deal, are you not?” 
“I'm from London,” I told him. 
“But you're not a spy.” 
“No, I'm not.” 
“And you're not a soldier.” 
“How can you tell?” 
He smiled. 
“I don't like sticking my nose into other people's business,” he explained, “but given the circumstances, I do need to know what you're doing here. I need to determine whether you're a threat.” 
“I'm not a threat to anyone here,” I told him. “You have to believe me. I'm on your side. And I can't tell you how I know, but I promise... I know that this war is going to work out just fine. The good guys are going to win.” 
“The good guys? You mean us?” 
I nodded. 
“That's some small comfort,” he replied, “even if I'm not entirely convinced.” He took a plate of bread from a nearby table and set it in front of me. “We don't have much, but we're more than willing to share.” He paused. “Your friend seems rather intense.” 
“He has his moments.” I looked over my shoulder, and I couldn't help but hope for some sight of Matthias. He'd been led away by that Michelle woman, and there was something about her that I didn't entirely trust. 
“He'll be fine,” Pierre said, as if he'd second-guessed my worries. “Michelle will look after him.” 
I turned back to him. 
“This town is my home,” he continued, “believe it or not. Many people have died here, more than half our population, but we refuse to accept our fate. I think I speak for everyone when I say that the rest of us would rather die than surrender to those who have invaded our land. But if we are to die, then we might as well at least make our deaths count for something. We might as well take a few of the enemy with us when we go.” He paused again. “Make no mistake about it, we don't expect to survive this war. But we will make ourselves useful to the cause. After all, it's better to die for what you believe in, than to live for lies.” 
“I wish everyone felt that way,” I replied, bristling as I thought back to Matthias's refusal to intervene. 
“You seem troubled,” he said. “You and your friend... Are you actually friends at all?” 
For a moment, I considered telling him everything. How I'd traveled back in time. How I'd been captured by Zieghoff. And how Matthias was a vampire who could – if he wanted – end so much of the suffering that now filled the world. In fact, the more I thought about it, the more I wondered why Matthias and Hugo didn't single-handedly take on the Nazis and drive them out of France. I knew that if I had that power, I'd be unable to hold back. Finally, however, I realized that there was no point giving Pierre so much information. After all, it wasn't as if he'd be able to do anything to change Matthias's mind. 
“You're tired,” he said, “and I should let you sleep. Plus, I have some things that I must take care of, so you'll have to excuse me. You'll find a bed upstairs, it's not so comfortable but it's better than the forest floor. Eat the bread, drink the water, and in the morning we'll find something else for you.” 
With that, he stepped past me and headed to the door. 
“Thank you,” I said. 
He glanced back at me, and then he nodded before stepping out of the house. 
Once I was alone, I allowed myself to sigh. I'd been trying to hide the pain, but I was still in agony from everything that had happened to me while I'd been Zieghoff's prisoner. I looked down at my hands and saw the bare, sore quicks of my fingers, where the nails had been removed. I could still taste blood in my mouth, and I couldn't help using my tongue to check the gaps where I'd had three teeth removed. There were cuts and burns on several parts of my body, and finally I sat down and felt myself starting to weep. 
Tears flowed as I put my head in my hands and tried to pull myself together. 
“I just want to go home,” I whimpered, unable to hold back for even a moment longer. “I never asked to get involved in any of this. Why can't I just go home?” 
Chapter Forty-Two 
Matthias 
  
“You're not from around here, are you?” 
Stopping at the edge of the moonlit square, I turned to Michelle. 
“And when I say that,” she continued with a faint smile, “I don't just mean France. I don't just mean Europe, either. You're...” 
Her voice trailed off, but I could see the excitement in her eyes. She sensed something about me, perhaps some aspect of my true nature, and she was drawn to me. She was far from the first, of course, but something about Michelle seemed especially insistent. I had a feeling that she wasn't going to stop asking questions until I told her everything. 
“What I am,” I said firmly, “is none of your business.” 
“You're here in my home. That makes it my business.” 
I shook my head, and I couldn't help smiling at her arrogance. 
“I've heard stories,” she continued, stepping closer, “about... creatures. Things that shouldn't exist, but that do exist. Things that mostly lurk at the edges of our world, but that sometimes get forced into the open. I've met brave men, I've met heroes, but they were still only human. Whereas you, Matthias, are quite clearly cut from an entirely different cloth.” 
“Curiosity will get you nowhere.” 
“Are you a vampire?” 
I bristled at the use of that word. The word vampire had been so over-used in human culture, so badly bastardised, that it barely seemed appropriate anymore. 
“They say you all left this part of the world when the war began,” she added. “I've studied the stories. They say you all chose to walk away from our fight. I can understand that, even if I find it pretty annoying. I mean, if we had just a few men like you on our side, that'd count for more than a hundred German divisions.” She stepped even closer, and she was once again staring at me with a hint of wonder. Finally, she placed a hand on my chest. “We could win this war in an instant,” she purred, “if only you'd choose to fight with us.” 
“And what if I chose to fight against you?” I asked. 
“That would be bad. But why would you do that?” 
“The point is, I can't pick and choose.” I took a deep breath. “You have no idea how petty and pointless human conflict seems to... other species. I don't care which side wins in this war, although I wish you'd get it over with as fast as possible. Sometimes the noise can be rather irritating.” 
“But you're here,” she pointed out. “You didn't flee.” 
“I need to be here for a while,” I replied, “to bathe in the water, so to speak.” 
“You enjoy watching us fight and suffer?” 
“I don't enjoy it,” I explained, “but in some ways it benefits me. I'm not even -” 
Suddenly she leaned closer and kissed me, planting her lips firmly against mine and then placing her hands on my shoulders. For a moment, I was too startled to know how to respond, and several seconds passed before I finally managed to push her away. As soon as I did so, however, she simply tried again. This time I allowed the kiss to linger for a few more seconds, not because it was in any way enjoyable but because – in truth – I had not been so close to another living creature for a long time. And then, just as she placed her hands on my waist, I pushed her away once more. 
“What's wrong?” she asked breathlessly. “Why not?” 
“It would not be a good idea.” 
“You have to take your pleasures where you can find them in the middle of a war,” she replied. “You're strong. You're powerful. I spend all day, every day, with people who are weak. And we fight other people who are weak. Whereas you...” 
She put her hands on my shoulders again. 
“Is it true what they say?” she continued. “Can you turn me into a vampire?” 
“Please -” 
“Then do it!” she hissed. “I'll do anything you want, but give me your strength! You don't want to fight, and I understand that. I even respect it, in some way. But you don't have to fight. Give me the power, and I'll fight in your stead. You can walk away and not look back, and you can leave it to others.” 
“That's not how it works.” 
“Do it!” she snapped angrily, as she pressed herself against me. “However it works, make me like you!” 
“It's not that easy.” 
“You can't change me?” she asked. “You can't just bite me and turn me into a vampire?” 
She waited, staring desperately into my eyes. 
“Then help me conceive one,” she continued finally. “Let me have a vampire child, who can be used in the war effort once he's fully grown.” 
“It's not that simple,” I told her. 
“Why not?” 
“For one thing, the vampire gene usually skips the first generation after conception, for another -” 
“You're just making excuses! I know you can do it!” 
“Of course I could do it,” I replied testily. “When a male vampire makes love to a human female, pregnancy is guaranteed. Every time. But I won't unleash that kind of power into the world. There are rules.” 
“Break them.” 
“No.” 
“For the sake of humanity.” 
“No. I would only -” 
Suddenly she slapped me hard across the side of my face. Startled, I opened my mouth and prepared to bite her, to kill her, but somehow I managed to hold back. Never before in all my life had a mere human dared to strike me like that. My anger quickly became a kind of admiration. 
“We need your strength,” she said firmly. “I don't care how we get it, but you have to help us.” 
I stared at her, and for a moment I considered giving in to her request. I had the power to change her, even if such actions were frowned upon in vampire society. She would not be a full vampire, of course. She would be somewhat weakened, since the strength of the vampire race was best passed on from one generation to the next, but she would at least become stronger. Yet even though she plainly yearned for such strength, I did not want to be the one who let that particular genie out of its bottle. Rules were rules for a reason. 
After all, I could not trust her. What if she in turn changed others? 
“Please,” she whimpered, with tears in her eyes, “I'm not asking you to do it for me. I'm asking you to do it for us. For all of humanity.” 
“But you would not be human,” I pointed out. “Not anymore.” 
“That's a price I'm willing to pay.” 
“If you felt the power that I feel,” I replied, “you'd lose all interest in humanity.” 
“Never!” Her desperation was palpable, hanging in the air between us. It was the desperation of an entire species. “What's it like, knowing that you'll live forever? How does it feel to walk the world like that?” 
I opened my mouth to end the discussion, but then I thought back to my earlier conversation with Chloe. I'd insisted on not knowing about my own future, but I'd still picked up on something in her tone of voice, in her eyes. I wanted to tell myself that I was wrong, but I was increasingly convinced that somehow – thanks to some terrible chain of events – Chloe had witnessed my death in the future. 
“It feels good,” I said finally, partly to make myself feel better, “and it is not something that I can share with a human.” 
“I'll give you anything,” she replied, placing her hand on my belly and then starting to slowly move it down toward my crotch. “If you won't save humanity from this war, then at least let me do it. Why not? If we're truly insignificant to you, then what's the difference? It literally doesn't matter to you, one way or the other, but it will change our entire world. You can do this for us without even batting an eyelid, you can walk away and not look back, so I'm begging you.” She leaned even closer, until I could feel her breath against my face. “Help me save the world.” 
I stared down at her, and I felt my resolve starting to crack. After all, Chloe had been horrified by my refusal to interfere. Was it possible that she'd been right all along? 
“Michelle,” I said cautiously, “if -” 
Suddenly a scream rang out, filling the night air from the other side of town. 
Chapter Forty-Three 
Chloe 
  
“What is it?” I shouted, rushing out of the house and immediately seeing that several people had gathered over on the other side of the town square. “What's wrong?” 
Voices were shouting in French, but I didn't understand anything they were saying. I could tell that they were upset, however, and as I crossed the square I began to realize that a small crowd was starting to convene around a figure on the ground. As I got closer, I heard a woman sobbing wildly. 
“Henri!” she shouted. 
“What's happened?” I asked, as I saw Michelle hurrying toward the group. 
“It's one of the children,” she replied, sounding worried. “They sometimes carry messages for us, through the forest, but there are traps out there.” 
As she said those words, I heard another cry of pain, and I was somehow able to tell this time that it came from a boy. As I reached the crowd, I was just about able to see him down on the cobbled ground, and I gasped as I realized that one entire side of his body seemed to have been horribly burned. 
“What is this?” a voice asked, and I turned to see that Matthias was coming over to join me. 
“I don't know,” I stammered, “but there's a boy... He's hurt.” 
For a few minutes, the entire town square was filled with chaos. People were hurrying out of nearby houses, and stopping to watch as Michelle and a few others tended to the injured boy. There was frantic activity all around him, but I could hear him sobbing and it was clear that his wounds were severe. I wanted to help, but in truth I knew there was nothing I could do, not even with my supposedly advanced knowledge. I could only stand helplessly and hope that somehow someone else would be able to intervene. 
Finally, Michelle pushed back through the crowd and stormed toward Matthias. 
“Save him!” she snapped. 
“Please,” he replied, “I -” 
“Save him!” She slammed her hands against his chest, and to my shock I saw him take a step backward. 
“There's nothing I can do,” he told her. 
“You can do everything!” she shouted. “You can do anything you want! You can save him, you can save all of us! And if you won't, then what's the point of you?” 
“We don't interfere in human affairs,” he replied, sounding a little shocked as the child continued to cry nearby. “If we did, we'd have to get involved with everything.” 
“And what's wrong with that?” she screamed. “You have all this power! Why are you so afraid to use it?” 
“You don't understand,” he replied, turning and walking away. “You never will. You're only human.” 
“Coward!” she shouted after him, before hurrying back over to the boy. “Let me through! We'll find a way to save him!” 
  
*** 
  
“Matthias?” 
Stopping in the doorway, I saw that he was standing at the window. In the distance, voices were still frantically calling out as the townspeople continued with their desperate attempts to help the injured boy. 
“Don't lecture me,” Matthias firmly, with his back turned to me. “You don't understand anything about this. You don't know how my world works at all.” 
“I never claimed that I do,” I replied cautiously, “but... Is there really nothing you can do?” 
“These petty human lives -” 
“They're not petty to us,” I said, interrupting him. “You can talk all you like about the world, and about traditions and about how things work. But right now, there's a child dying out there in agony, and if there's any way you can help him, then I don't understand why you're holding back.” 
“Exactly,” he said darkly, “you don't understand. And you never will.” 
“Then help me out a little.” 
“It's beyond you,” he replied, turning to me. “The human mind can't come close to understanding the responsibilities. You think I can just swoop in like some kind of hero and make everything better, but that's not how it works at all. There are consequences to any action, Chloe, and those consequences are very real. If I were to help that child, I'd be breaking an oath that my species has upheld for many generations.” 
I stared at him for a moment. 
“So?” I asked finally. 
He furrowed his brow. 
“So what if you break an oath?” I continued. “Are all oaths just supposed to last forever, no matter what else happens?” 
“You don't understand.” 
“You keep saying that, but maybe you're the one who doesn't understand.” I stepped toward him. “You keep talking about oaths and promises, and about how things are supposed to be done, but you still haven't explained why you personally are against helping people.” 
“You want to know?” he snapped. “Fine, I'll tell you. It's because humans are the weakest of all the species. Wherever I've gone, I've never encountered such weakness before, but do you know the strangest thing? The most infuriating thing? I've seen other species rise and fall, I've watched empires crumble, I've witnessed the deaths of some of the strongest creatures in all of creation. Yet somehow, while all that has been going on, the human race somehow managed to keep going despite being... being...” 
His voice trailed off. 
“Unworthy?” I asked after a moment. 
“There's a power to your species,” he replied, “that I do not understand. And that's the truth. You're weak, and yet your persist. You're unworthy, and yet you persist. You're pathetic and foolish and you do everything to harm and kill yourselves, and yet you're still here!” 
He hesitated, and he seemed almost breathless with concern. 
“So I worry,” he continued finally, “and many others worry too, what your species would achieve if you weren't weak. If humans gained the strength of vampires, you might very well come to dominate all of the seven worlds.” He paused for a few seconds. “And that is at the heart of the decision that I and all others have made, when it comes to humans. We won't help you, not in any way, because we're worried about just what you might do if you become invincible.” 
I stared at him, barely able to believe what I was hearing. 
“I have to go to that kid,” I say finally, taking a step back. “I have to see if there's something I can do.” 
“That is your choice.” 
I hesitated, and then I turned and hurried out of the room. I'd seen a new, darker side to Matthias, and I finally did understand one thing. He was never going to help. 
Chapter Forty-Four 
Matthias 
  
“You can't outrun your memories. Trust me, the faster you try to run from them, the harder they slam into you when you finally have to stop running. And everyone has to stop running eventually, even... Even people who thought they could escape it all. Especially people who thought they could escape it all. The most you can do is try to pick your spot, to decide where you'll be standing when it happens.” 
Those words hung in my thoughts. They were my own words, delivered by my voice, yet I had never heard them before. They had drifted unbidden from Chloe's mind, from her memory, and I knew they must be words I had spoken to her in the future. In her past. Now they seemed almost to be taunting me, as if my future self was inadvertently mocking me as I stood in a little room in a little town in a little country in the grip of a little war on a little world. 
“Everyone has to stop running eventually.” 
I took a deep breath and tried to regather my thoughts, but in truth I was feeling a growing sense of panic. When those words had escaped from Chloe's mind, they'd been accompanied by thoughts and feelings that I couldn't quite understand. I was more and more certain, however, that Chloe's knowledge of the future was a dangerous thing. I wanted desperately to ask her about my own fate, to know what was going to happen to me, yet I feared the answer. And as I felt another flicker of pain in my chest, and as I reached down and instinctively touched my side as I waited for the pain to leave my body, I felt something I had never truly felt before. 
I felt a fear of death. 
Even when I'd been poisoned, even in the grip of that agony, I had somehow managed to believe that I would survive. There had been weak moments, for sure, but some deep part of my soul had insisted that I would escape death's thick maw. Even when I'd heard the singing voice of one of death's minions, even when a girl named Hannah had come and told me not to be afraid, I had pushed back and insisted that I would live. Sometimes I think that it was my sheer refusal to die that had saved me. Yet now I stood and waited for the last of the pain to pass, and I realized that I could sense death approaching. I had thought that perhaps it had been Chloe I had sensed while I was waiting in Paris, but now I knew the truth. 
It had been death all along. 
“No,” I whispered, as the panic rose in my chest and blossomed to become fury. “I refuse...” 
I hesitated, and then – in a sudden blur of uncontrollable anger – I overturned the nearest table, sending plates and cups clattering to the floor. Realizing that this wasn't enough, I took hold of a chair and threw it across the room, and then I watched as it smashed through one of the windows. Even this didn't satisfy my need for release, and in truth I felt as if nothing ever would. I was surrounded by mortal souls, by a mortal war, and suddenly humanity seemed like a wretched reminder of every weakness that I had ever feared. 
And then, quite suddenly, I understood the truth. 
“It's some kind of trick,” I snarled. “Yes, that's it, I've been fooled. Chloe isn't from the future at all, she's lying to me. This is all some attempt to weaken me further.” 
Deep down, a part of me wondered whether this could be true, but my sense of fury was too strong. Turning, I stormed out of the building and across the town square, and I could already see Chloe up ahead. She was carrying a bucket away from the crowd, going to collect water, but she stopped as soon as she saw me approaching. 
“Matthias,” she stammered, “what -” 
“You want me to save everyone?” I shouted, pushing her back so hard that she almost fell. “I don't know what kind of trickster set this up, but I refuse to play the fool for even one moment longer!” 
“What are you talking about?” she asked. 
“I know!” I yelled, grabbing her and pinning her against the wall, then leaning close to her terrified face. “Is it my brother? Did he put you up to this? Or is it Antoinette? I have no shortage of enemies, and even my friends might be tempted to meddle in my affairs.” 
“Matthias -” 
“I don't know the truth about you,” I continued, “and I don't need to know. But I'm absolutely certain that you've been sent to drive fear into my heart, to make me doubt my own strength. I won't do that, not anymore. You can find your own way from now on, Chloe Carter. Whoever you are and whatever you want, I will no longer be your plaything!” 
“All I want is to get home!” she gasped. 
I pulled away, and then I turned and saw that several of the townspeople were gawking at me. 
“What are you looking at?” I snapped, and they all hurried back over to the injured boy. 
“Matthias,” Chloe said, clearly close to tears, “you need to calm down. No-one's trying to trick you, at least not as far as I know, and I've told you the truth.” 
“Liar!” I sneered, taking another step back. “You're lucky I don't rip you apart. The only reason I'm letting you live is so that you can run back to your master, whoever he or she is, and let them know that this little plan hasn't worked. I'm sick of being an invalid. I won't let you bring fear to my heart. From now on, whatever you're trying to do, you're on your own. I refuse to be involved in the affairs of humans anymore.” 
“Matthias -” 
“Any humans!” I added, before turning and storming away. 
“Matthias!” 
She called after me several times, but I kept walking. I quickly reached the edge of the town, and then I set off along a remote road that led toward the horizon. I had no idea where I was going. All I knew was that I wanted to get as far as possible for anyone who might try interfering with my mind, and that meant being alone for a while. And as for Chloe Carter, I'd already wasted enough time and energy on her. She'd been a wild goose chase, a distraction from what was important, and above all a reminder that I should never get involved with humans. 
She could find her own way home. I needed to focus on getting well again. 
Chapter Forty-Five 
Chloe 
  
“What's up with Matthias?” Michelle asked as she placed a towel on the child's arm, trying to stem the flow of blood. 
“Nothing,” I replied. “The usual. He's just angry that he isn't getting his way.” 
“He probably feels as if he's above all of this,” she muttered. 
“He's certainly full of a sense of his own importance.” 
“Why shouldn't he be?” she asked. “You know what he is. He's magnificent.” 
“He's...” 
Turning to her, I realized that she knew the truth about him. 
“Vampires are the most stunning creatures in all of creation,” she continued. “I just wish we could find a way to make them help us.” 
“They should help us because it's the right thing to do,” I said firmly. “Not because we try to bribe them with favors. If he wants to storm off and leave us here, then that's his right.” 
“Storm off?” 
“He'll be back,” I added. “Whatever. I don't have time right now to run around trying to fluff up his ego.” 
“We can't let him go!” she gasped. “We need him!” 
Getting to her feet, she hurried away. 
“Are you serious?” I snapped, but she was already gone and I had to quickly take over her job. 
“Let me help,” Pierre said, kneeling next to me. “I have no medical expertise, so you'll have to tell me what to do.” 
“I have no expertise either,” I replied, and then I winced as I saw that one side of the boy's face had been completely burned away, all the way down to the bone. 
Another woman hurried over and set to work, barking commands in French, and finally some of the others started helping. Realizing that they seemed to have the situation under control, I get to my feet and back away. My hands were trembling, and deep down I was already struggling to imagine how the boy could possibly have any chance of survival. Somehow he was still breathing, but he'd already lost so much blood. 
Hearing footsteps nearby, I turned to see that Michelle was coming back over to join us. 
“I can't find him anywhere,” she said. 
“I think he left,” I told her. 
“He can't have done,” she replied, with a hint of anger in her voice. “There's no way he'd just walk off and leave us here!” 
“Maybe he'll be back when he's calmed down,” I suggested. “Right now, I think the priority should be -” 
“The priority should be getting a vampire to fight on our side!” she hissed. “What did you say to him? Why did you make him leave?” 
“It's not my fault!” I told her. 
“I have to go after him.” 
“I'm not sure that either of us can really understand how he sees the world,” I suggested, before looking over my shoulder, watching the spot where I'd last seen Matthias. “Then again,” I added, “maybe I'm making too many excuses for him. He knows what's happening in the world. If he refuses to help, then that's his decision. From what I can tell, vampires have always avoided meddling in the affairs of humans. Maybe he really does just see us as disposable little creatures. Maybe that's really all we are to him. Mayflies.” 
“Then we have to prove him wrong!” 
“How do we do that?” 
“I don't know,” she said firmly, “but I refuse to accept that humans have to spend the rest of eternity under the thumb of vampires and other monsters. Matthias isn't the only one out there. There are vampires and werewolves and all sorts of other things, and we only need to get one of them on our side in order to start the ball rolling. And if they won't respect us, I'll find a way to make it happen.” 
“I'm not sure that's possible,” I said, turning back to look at the injured child, just as he let out another agonized scream. “I think maybe they've already seen us for what we really are.” 
I glanced back at Michelle again, but she was already hurrying away. 
“We need more bandages,” I said, as I turned to Pierre. 
“What's going on with Michelle and your friend?” he asked. “Why are they -” 
“We need more bandages!” I said again, raising my voice. “Forget about Matthias, he'll come back when he's had time to grow up a little! Right now, we have to save this kid! Get more bandages!” 
Chapter Forty-Six 
Matthias 
  
The road was long, stretching out far into the forest. I walked calmly and alone through the night air, and I didn't once think of turning back, of changing my mind and returning to help the others. I'd been worried that my resolve might weaken, but in fact I felt that every step made me more and more determined to keep away from the affairs of mankind. 
They could keep their pathetic, pedantic war. 
I was so wrapped up in my thoughts, I somehow failed to notice the first warning signs that I was not alone. On another night, I'd no doubt have heard voices in the distance, and I'd have spotted a hint of movement far ahead. On that particular night, however, I was utterly absorbed in my anger, to the extent that I'd made it almost all the way to the crossroads before I heard the click of guns being readied, at which point I looked around and saw to my surprise that several soldiers were standing nearby, and that they were positioned a few feet away from a small tank. 
“Halt!” one of the soldiers shouted in German. “Who are you and what are you doing out here so late?” 
I looked around and noted that there were six of them. 
Six against one. 
In the old days, not even a challenge. 
Now? 
Now I might actually break a sweat. 
“Do you not understand German?” the first soldier asked, before switching to another language. “Do you speak French?” he asked, before switching again. “Do you speak English?” 
“It doesn't matter what I speak,” I replied drily. “I'm not here for trouble. I'm only passing through.” 
I stepped forward, but two more soldiers immediately moved to block my way. 
“I'll tell you when you're allowed to leave,” the first soldier said as I turned to him again. “We're on a routine patrol, and you're breaking curfew. Where are you from? One of the nearby towns? Are you British?” 
“I'm passing through,” I said again. “There's really no need for -” 
“I'll tell you what there's need for!” he screamed suddenly, stepping toward me. “You'll answer my questions and you won't say anything else! Is that understood?” 
“Don't try to give me orders,” I replied. “That never goes well for anyone. Get out of my way and I might just let you live.” 
“Excuse me?” he asked, clearly annoyed. “Would you care to repeat that? My English is not so good, for a moment there I thought you were disobeying a direct instruction.” 
“I'm not from here,” I told him, “and I shouldn't be here. It's a mistake. You're going to step aside and let me pass, and then you're going to get on with your business. Whatever else happens, you will not -” 
Before I could finish, he stepped toward me and prodded me in the chest with his gun. Just like that idiot at Chateau Malafort. 
“That's not how things work around here, my friend,” he snarled. “You're going to come with us and answer some questions. And when we're done, I might or might not decide to have you tied to a post and shot.” 
“Don't give me orders again,” I said firmly, “and don't touch me with that gun. If you do, I'll make sure that you all regret meeting me.” 
“Is that right?” he replied, before suddenly breaking into a bout of loud, rather theatrical laughter. “Did you hear this idiot, everyone? He thinks that he's in a position to threaten us. He thinks our orders are requests.” 
I couldn't help but sigh. 
“Okay,” he continued, stepping even closer, “let us try this one final time. Perhaps now the idiotic Englishman will be able to understand.” 
With that, he jolted the barrel of his gun against my chest, harder than before. 
“You're going to come with us right now,” he sneered, “and you're going to answer all our questions, and then you're going to pray that we let you live.” 
“I am?” I replied. 
I clenched my fists. 
“Okay, then,” I continued, with a faint smile, “but don't say I didn't warn you about what's about to happen.” 
Chapter Forty-Seven 
Chloe 
  
Morning light streamed across the field, as half a dozen mourners made their way past the treeline. They were carrying a makeshift coffin, taking the dead boy to his grave. 
We'd worked all night to save him, but he'd slipped away just before dawn. He'd just lost so much blood, I suspect we never had much of a chance anyway, but we had to try. 
Everyone else from the town was walking behind, and I was near the back of the group. I felt like a total interloper, but at the same time I knew that I had to at least go and observe the burial. I'd been given food and water, and everyone had been very friendly to me. I figured that I couldn't stick around forever, but at the same time I also had nowhere else to go. Even now, as I glanced around and hoped to spot Matthias watching from afar, I was convinced that he'd show up again soon. He had to. 
If he didn't, what was I supposed to do next? 
  
*** 
  
“Something happened in the past twenty-four hours,” Pierre said as he studied a crudely-drawn map that had been laid out on a table in the rear of the town's cafe. “All the units that answer to Klaus Zieghoff were suddenly drawn back to Paris.” 
“Zieghoff might not be in such a good way right now,” I replied. 
“How do you know that?” Michelle asked. 
“I told you, I was rescued from Chateau Malafort.” 
“And you can prove that?” she replied. “No offense, Chloe, but for all we know, you might be a spy.” 
“You've seen my injuries,” I pointed out. 
“I've seen injuries. I have no way of knowing where you got them.” She turned to Pierre. “We shouldn't be letting her in here right now, not until we know we can trust her.” 
“I already assumed you guys were keeping sensitive information from me,” I told them. “I'd be shocked if you weren't.” 
I meant every word. Pierre seemed very trusting, and I was convinced that his plan was simply to test me and see how I responded. For example, he'd shown me some maps that indicated where certain resources were being stored, and I had no doubt that those particular maps were fake. He was waiting to see if I tried to pass the information on to anyone. I wasn't offended by his suspicions; on the contrary, I was glad that he'd chosen to take precautions. Anything less would have been suicide for the resistance team. 
“The air raids have been more frequent in recent weeks,” he said cautiously, “which lines up with some of the things we've been hearing. Time is of the essence, we have to be ready for whenever the Allies make their big push.” 
“And when will that be?” Michelle asked. 
“They'll pick the best time,” he replied, “and they won't warn us. That would be too much of a security risk. We need to be ready around the clock.” 
“That's not going to be enough preparation,” Michelle said firmly. “We have other options, and we need to explore them.” 
“Not this again,” Pierre said with a sigh. “You keep pursuing these utter fantasies that are never going to work. You can't keep hoping that magical creatures are going to swoop in and save us all.” 
“I'll show you!” she snapped, turning and storming out of the room. “Give me twenty-four hours and I'll prove to you that we can win this war. If we do it your way, we'll still be fighting this time next year. My way, the war can be over in a week.” 
She slammed the door shut, leaving the rest of us standing in silence. 
“Is it possible that she's right?” one of the others asked. 
“No,” Pierre replied, shaking his head, “she's been on about this nonsense for so long now. Werewolves, vampires, all sorts of other things. She thinks these fantastical creatures are going to come and save us all from the bad guys, but it's just not going to happen. Even if they were real, there's no reason to believe that they'd be on our side.” 
I opened my mouth to ask how he could be so sure, but at that moment I heard the engine of some kind of motorbike starting up outside. I turned and looked out the window, just in time to see Michelle racing across the town square and out toward the river. 
“She's stubborn,” Pierre muttered, “I'll give her that. And despite the trouble she sometimes causes, we could do with more people like her.” 
“Vampires and werewolves aren't going to come and rescue anyone,” I said. “Trust me on this. I know that's not how anything works out.” 
“What do you mean by that?” one of the other men asked. 
“Nothing,” I replied. “So, it's 1942, right? The D-Day landings haven't happened yet, have they?” 
“The what?” Pierre asked. 
“Never mind,” I added, quickly realizing that even mentioning that phrase might be enough to mess with the future of the world. “Ignore me. I'm rambling.” I forced a smile, hoping to get them all to forget that I'd said anything at all. “So what's the plan now? I mean, I have nowhere to go right now, so I'd like to stick around if that's okay with you. At least until I figure out my plans. And I can help with things, I promise. I mean, I'm not very practical, but I'm happy to try anything.” 
“We need all the hands we can get,” Pierre said with a sigh. “Morale is low, especially after what happened to Henri during the night. And I'd remind everyone that, even before Chloe arrived, we were worried that we had a spy in our midst. That means that trust is at a premium, and Chloe is far from the only person who has to be watched carefully. Only share what needs to be shared, and make sure that you stay focused on your own work. If we're going to win this war, we can't afford distractions.” 
As the others filed out of the room, I was left alone with Pierre. 
“Thank you for trusting me,” I said to him. “I won't let you down. The only problem is, I might not be here for long. At some point I have to figure out how to get back to where I come from.” 
“You mean England?” 
“Not in so many words,” I replied, as a shudder ran through my chest. “Where I come from is a little further away than that. And right now, I'm starting to think that I might not ever get back there.” 
Chapter Forty-Eight 
Matthias 
  
I heard it long before I saw it. A roaring sound in the distance, getting ever closer as I walked along the road until – finally – I turned and looked over my shoulder. Sure enough, an old motorbike was racing toward me, and I watched calmly as it drove past and then came screeching to a halt just a few feet ahead. 
As soon as I saw the face of the rider, I sighed. 
“I'm not having this conversation,” I said, stepping around Michelle's vehicle as she removed her goggles. “I'm sure you're needed elsewhere.” 
“Aren't you going to ask how I found you?” 
“I wasn't planning to.” 
“I assumed you'd be heading south, away from Paris,” she called after me. “Then I found a wrecked German tank with several headless corpses littered about. Then I saw some patches of blood on one of the roads, so I followed those for a while, and then I realized you were heading for the coast.  I set off this way, I've never driven so fast in my life. I guess you must have been moving quite slow, like a wounded animal. And here I am.” 
“Great,” I muttered under my breath. “You're a real genius.” 
I heard the bike slowly moving up behind me, and then Michelle drew level and nudged my arm. 
“I've come to make a deal with you,” she said. 
“You'd have better luck making a deal with the gods.” 
“You're the closest to a god round here.” 
“I'm nothing of the sort. That kind of dumb comment only proves that you have no idea what you're getting involved with.” 
“Then tell me,” she continued, sounding a little desperate now. “I'm serious, Matthias. You keep saying that you won't get involved in our battles, but it doesn't look like you've got much else to do. Where are you heading to, anyway? Are you just looking for somewhere you can go to be alone?” 
“That doesn't sound like a bad idea. I'm not even -” 
Before I could finish, she jerked the bike in front of me, blocking my way. My knee bumped against the side of the front wheel, and I felt a flicker of pain ripple up my body. That wasn't supposed to be possible, not from something as innocuous as banging against some metal. 
“You're making me angry,” I said firmly. “The last people who made me angry ended up getting their heads peeled.” 
“I will give you anything,” she replied, “if you help us. I really mean that. It's just some one-time help, not a long-term project. Whatever you want, it's yours.” 
“You have nothing that I want.” 
“Everyone has something that someone else wants,” she said. “It's just a matter of being honest. I have no boundaries with you right now, Matthias. You're immeasurably more powerful than I can ever be, and I accept now that you're not going to turn me into a vampire. But even as a human, I can still offer you something.” She paused. “After all, you were good friends with that Chloe girl,” she continued, “and she doesn't seem particularly special. Whatever she's got, I guarantee I can offer more.” 
“You're really out of your league,” I muttered darkly. 
“There's nothing wrong with trying to move up in the world,” she replied, “and believe me, I am not going to stop bothering you until you give me something. Chloe must be -” 
“Chloe's nothing to me,” I spat at her. “She's meaningless.” 
I had to force myself to believe those words. 
“Just tell me what you want,” Michelle replied. 
“You're being pathetic,” I said with a sigh. 
“I don't care! My country has been invaded, my friends and family are almost all dead, my town is on the verge of falling into ruin, and I can't just sit by and watch it all happen.” 
“You're not -” 
“I know I'm going to die!” she added. “I've accepted that, but at least I'm going to die for France! I'm going to die for what I believe in!” 
“Get out of my way,” I said, slipping past her and storming away along the road. 
“What are you going to die for, Matthias?” she shouted. 
Stopping suddenly, I felt as if those words had cut straight through into my heart. I told myself that there was no need to be worried, that I wasn't ever going to die, but deep down I felt a rumbling flicker of fear. I thought of a thousand ways I could dismiss Michelle's question, but at the same time not one of those ways felt complete. It was at that moment that I felt another flicker of pain in my chest, and I realized that I'd seen enough in Chloe's eyes. I'd seen the way she'd looked at me, and I'd seen the way she'd avoided talking about what happened to me in the future. 
If death had a hand, I would have felt that hand on my shoulder. 
“What are you going to die for?” Michelle asked again, and now I heard her climbing off her bike and coming up behind me. “Whenever it happens. In a year, or a hundred years, or in ten thousand years when the rest of the world is gone... What are you going to die for?” 
I turned to her, but I felt as if I had no answer. 
“You keep saying that you're staying out of our puny little war,” she continued, “but you're still here, you're still walking among us. You can make all the excuses that you want to make, but you're here, and you're involved. And walking away means being involved too. Letting the bad guys win? That's being involved. Existing means being involved. You can't not be involved, so why not pick the side that you believe in and help them? If you believe in the Nazis, then join them. Go for it. But if you believe in the rest of us, then how can you walk away?” 
“I'm a vampire,” I stammered, “I -” 
“Be better than that,” she replied. “Be a man.” 
I rolled my eyes. 
“I mean it,” she said firmly. 
I opened my mouth to tell her that she was wrong, but at the last moment I hesitated. I thought of the sorrow and fear I'd fed on in Paris, and I thought of all the souls I'd drained of their blood. I thought of the horrors I'd witnessed while I was at Castle Malafort, and I thought of the boy who'd been so horribly injured during the previous night. Most of all, I thought of Chloe all alone in that little town, and I realized that – no matter what else happened – she was going to try to help the people around her. And in that moment, I knew that walking away was no longer an option. 
“I have to go back with you,” I said finally. 
“Thank you,” she said with a sigh. “Thank you, Matthias. A thousand times, thank -” 
Suddenly a single gunshot rang out, and Michelle flinched and fell forward into my arms. I grabbed her just in time and held her up, but she let out a gasp and a moment later I spotted movement in the bushes ahead. 
Another shot rang out, this time missing us by a few inches, and I pulled Michelle away and threw us both down onto the grass at the side of the road. 
Voices shouted out in German, coming ever closer, as I dragged Michelle deeper into the undergrowth. She let out a low, pained murmur, and then as I laid her flat on the ground I saw that her eyes were closed. 
I pulled her coat aside and quickly found the spot where a bullet had burst through her waist. There was a lot of blood, glistening in the gray morning light, and more was already leaking from the wound. I instinctively began to push my fingertips into the wound, hoping to pull the bullet out, but this only caused Michelle to let out a low, agonized groan. Digging bullets out of vampires might have worked, but humans were more fragile. 
Suddenly a voice called out from just a few meters away, and I looked up to see two soldiers hurrying toward us with their guns raised. 
“You had no reason to do this!” I snarled. “You cut her down in cold blood!” 
The closest soldier raised his gun and aimed at me. He fired, but I was too quick for him, and in an instant I threw myself against his chest and knocked him down. I grabbed his head and twisted it hard to one side, snapping his neck, and then I got to my feet and rushed toward the second man. 
He too raised his gun and fired. If he'd hit me at that moment, he might have slowed me down, he might have extended his own pitiful life by about half a minute. Instead he missed, and I was on him before he had a chance to try again. 
As I landed on him and grabbed his throat, I told myself that I could take my time with this one. I'd killed the first soldier as quickly as possible, but I could really draw this second one out and make him pay. I saw his terrified face staring up at me, and I was surprised at how young he was. Just a kid. A brief flicker of pity troubled my thoughts as I realized that this was somebody's child, that without the war he'd probably have lived an ordinary and decent life. For a human, at least. In a flash, however, I felt rage bursting through my chest, and I gripped the sides of his head and began to squeeze tight. For perhaps the first time in my life, I truly could not contain myself. 
He called out, shouting something in German. Was he begging for his life? For mercy? For a quick death? Those questions didn't bother me, not even for a fraction of a second. I squeezed harder and felt his skull starting to crack, and I saw the realization of his own death in his eyes. And then, even though there was a part of me that wanted to spend days and days killing him, I pushed my palms harder and crushed his skull, killing him far more quickly than he deserved. He let out a strange, guttural sigh, and then he was gone. 
I looked around, but there was no sign of any other soldiers. 
Clambering off the soldier, I hurried back over to where Michelle lay on the ground. Her eyes had opened slightly, and she was mumbling something under her breath, but already a lot more blood had seeped out from her wound. 
“I didn't see them in time!” I hissed, furious at myself for once again having allowed myself to be distracted. “I should never have let this happen!” 
She let out a pained gurgle as she reached up and put a hand on my shoulder. 
“Help... me...” she whispered. 
“I'll get you to a doctor.” 
“No...” 
She hesitated, as if she was barely clinging to consciousness. 
“Help me,” she said again, and then she moved a hand onto my face and touched my lips. “Save me.” 
“I can't do that,” I replied. “It would break so many -” 
“Help me,” she groaned. 
“Please don't ask me to do that.” 
“I don't... I'm scared...” 
“There are rules,” I explained, even though I knew that my words sounded so pathetically useless at that moment. “It's not as simple as you think.” 
“I'm not... done,” she replied. “I don't want to die like this, I want to... die for...” 
Her voice trailed off, and I saw the fear in her eyes. 
“I'm not afraid of dying,” she continued after a moment, “only of... dying for nothing.” 
“You won't die for nothing,” I told her, as I tried to work out if there might be some way I could bend the rules, some way I could save her life. “I promise.” 
“I wanted to see my country... free again.” 
“You will!” I snapped. “This war won't last forever, and one day you'll be able to live a normal life. There won't be so much pain and suffering, and bombs won't fall from the sky and kill your children. People won't have to die for their countries, they'll be able to live long and meaningful lives.” I paused, feeling a growing sense of desperation. “There'll be hope,” I added finally. “There'll be peace. And no-one will ever forget the lessons that this war will deliver.” 
“Win it for us,” she groaned, squeezing my shoulder gently. “Promise me you'll... help us... win... promise...” 
I stared down at Michelle's wound for a moment, and then I looked at her face and I realized she was dead. Her eyes were wide open, staring up at the gray clouds above. 
Sitting back, I felt something I'd never felt before. Michelle had been a human, nothing more, and I'd lost count of how many humans I'd seen die. Of how many I'd killed. Yet in that moment, for the very first time, I felt the most tremendous sense of sorrow. I knew full well that the rules had prevented me from saving Michelle, I knew that there would have been terrible consequences if I'd turned her into a vampire. The Register of Souls would have demanded answers, and I'd never have been able to justify myself before the Eternal Court. At the same time, my mind was racing as I tried to think of ways I might have bent the rules, and finally all the pent-up fury became too much and I did something I had never done before. 
I screamed, in a fit of pure rage. 
Suddenly everything changed. I could have saved Michelle. I'd have been breaking all the rules, I'd have had to face the Register of Souls himself, I'd have been dragged before all the courts up to and including the Cardinal of Cinders, but I could have bitten her and given her the strength to live. In an instant, all those rules felt suffocating, as if I'd used them as a kind of shield. I'd hidden behind tradition and behind dusty old oaths, and in the process I'd let a good person die. No matter what would have followed... 
I could have saved her life. 
“I still can,” I stammered, and I tried. 
For the next few minutes, I chewed on her neck and tried to find some hint of life. If there had been even a spark of her soul left in her body, I might have been able to resurrect her. I found her jugular and I fed some of my own blood into her body, hoping against hope that it might not be too late. After trying over and over again, however, I finally had to accept that there was no chance. A few minutes earlier, I would have been successful, but now... 
Now she was gone. 
I sat completely still for a moment, bidding the anger to leave my body, but finally I began to shake once more with rage. And as I looked up to the sky, I felt all my rage starting to boil over, and I screamed again. 
Chapter Forty-Nine 
Chloe 
  
“Did you hear that?” 
I turned and looked over my shoulder, but I already understood that the 'scream' hadn't been a scream at all. Not in the usual sense. It wasn't something I'd heard; it was more like something I'd sensed, something that had reached out to me from some far off place. Whatever it was, it had left me feeling deeply shaken, as if something somewhere was very wrong. 
“There,” Pierre whispered suddenly. “Do you see them?” 
I turned my head, watching the horizon through a pair of binoculars, and finally I spotted a large gray tank rolling along in the distance. I'd seen tanks in museums, of course, and in films, but it was sobering to actually see one out in the wild. 
“Is it coming this way?” I asked. 
“I hope not,” he replied. “I think not. There has been a lot of movement over the past few weeks. Soldiers and equipment have been shifted from the south.” 
“Why?” 
“I don't know, but I've been wondering. I've checked with our contacts, and they're also in the dark about it all. And then Zieghoff seemed to change some of his plans in the last twenty-four hours, as if he was accelerating something.” 
We watched for a few more minutes, until the tank disappeared from view behind some trees. Lowering my binoculars, I looked out across the fields and waited in case there was any further hint of movement. Every tree, every bush, now seemed like a place where danger might hide, and I was terrified that at any moment there might suddenly be an attack. Pierre had reassured me that the army tended to avoid this particular town, but I still couldn't shake a sense of danger. 
“This is all new to you, isn't it?” Pierre said suddenly. 
I turned to him. 
“It's okay,” he continued, “you don't have to tell me where you're from. But wherever it is, you haven't been in a war before. You're green.” 
“I -” 
“America?” he added. “Did you come from there? You don't have the accent, but that doesn't necessarily mean much.” 
“I don't come from America,” I told him. 
“Are you ready to fight, if that's what it comes down to?” 
I hesitated, and then I nodded. 
“Of course,” I said, not entirely convincingly. “What else can I do?” 
“When Michelle gets back,” he replied, “I'll get her to teach you a few things. How to handle guns, mainly. It might sound simple, but there's actually quite a lot to learn. If you want to do it properly, at least.” 
“I do,” I said, but – again – I felt that I sounded uncertain. 
He stared at me for a moment, before getting to his feet. 
“Come on,” he said, “we need to check on the others. There should be a message from our friends in Nouvion, and then perhaps we'll have a better idea of what's coming. One thing's for sure. Someone somewhere is up to something.” 
  
*** 
  
“Interesting,” Pierre said a short while later, as he read a note that had been scribbled on a piece of paper. “This lines up with what I've been suspecting for some time.” 
“What is it?” I asked. 
“According to our sources,” he replied, “something has changed in Paris. Something to do with Klaus Zieghoff.” 
I felt a shudder at the mention of that name. 
“Zieghoff has always been a very public figure,” he explained. “He's always liked to show off. Over the past few days, however, he apparently hasn't been seen at all, and there are rumors that he's changed in some way. That his plans have been altered. Some of the sources are suggesting that he's completely lost his mind.” 
“He might have had a bad time recently,” I replied cautiously. 
He glanced at me. “How so?” 
“Let's just say that something happened at Chateau Malafort that might have... shaken him, a little.” I was trying to pick my words carefully. “My friend Matthias very nearly killed Zieghoff. I imagine that might have had an impact.” 
“I imagine it might,” he said. “This is a bad development. Before, we could monitor Zieghoff to some extent and extrapolate what he might be planning. We could also rely on the knowledge that, despite everything else, he was at least sane. Now that he's gone to ground, so to speak, we're left without so much information. And Zieghoff has always been a very dangerous man. The kind of man we want to keep tabs on at all times.” 
“But who is Zieghoff really?” I asked. “I mean, I've heard of Hitler and Himmler and Goebbels, and Mengele, those were the bad guys we got taught about in school, but I swear I never heard the name Zieghoff. Not until I got caught up in all of this.” 
“It's hard to believe that his name could ever be forgotten,” Pierre replied. 
“None of it makes sense,” I continued. “Is it possible that...” 
My voice trailed off, and I'd managed to stop myself just in time. I'd so nearly wondered – out loud – whether there was a chance that I'd already inadvertently changed the course of history. I'd been telling myself over and over that such things weren't possible, but in truth my understanding of time travel was based on things like Back to the Future and Avengers. Sure, those had been fun films, but they hadn't necessarily been truly accurate. Was history fixed and unchangeable, or was I already altering the course of civilization simply by breathing the air in 1940's Paris? 
“It's at times like this that you need to keep hope in your heart,” Pierre said. “Sometimes hope is the only thing that can keep you going.” 
“It's so difficult,” I replied. 
“It wouldn't work if it was easy,” he pointed out. “People all across this country, all across Europe, are having to cling to hope in the darkest times. Hope isn't enough to keep you going forever, but it can help you bridge the gaps when you feel as if you're about to fall into the abyss.” He placed a hand on the side of my arm. “And as it happens,” he added, “I've never lost my sense of hope. Not entirely. Somehow, I always manage to keep going.” 
I opened my mouth to ask how he managed, but suddenly I heard footsteps rushing along the corridor, and I turned just in time to see one of the other resistance members racing into the room. 
“We've got company!” she gasped. “Company with big guns!” 
Chapter Fifty 
Chloe 
  
“This is insane!” I gasped, stopping in the doorway and seeing that a couple of dozen soldiers were marching into the town square, followed by a large, lumbering gray tank. “How did they find us?” 
“They've always known that people live here,” Pierre whispered, “but they never paid us very much attention before. They wrote us off as just a dying little town. This might just be a routine visit. I've heard of those happening before, but...” 
His voice trailed off, and then he turned to me. I could see the fear in his eyes. 
“This doesn't seem like a social call,” I pointed out. 
“There's always hope,” he reminded me. “Stay calm, keep back, and under no circumstances allow these men to learn that you're British.” 
I wanted to ask if this was all my fault, but Pierre pushed past me and head out across the square, making for the spot where the tank was slowly coming to a halt. I watched with a growing sense of horror as the tank's top section began to turn, and I saw that the turret was aiming at several of the nearby buildings. I'd only seen tanks in museums before; now, in real life, the sound of the machinery was immense and I was struck by the sheer power of the thing. I felt absolutely certain that the tank could level the entire town. 
Pierre called something out in French, just as a hatch opened at the top of the tank and a man in a uniform began to climb out. I flinched, and then I felt a flicker of relief as I saw that at least this man wasn't Klaus Zieghoff. 
He barked something in German, to which Pierre replied in French. 
I pulled back, fully aware that I was being hunted. 
For the next few minutes, all I heard was what seemed to be an argument that was being carried out in two completely different languages. I had no idea whether Pierre understood German, and whether the soldier understood French, but the two of them certainly seemed to be answering one another. Pierre seemed like a smart but stubborn man, and I supposed he might well refuse to speak German. Similarly, the soldier might well have understood enough French to get his points across. 
Finally, just as I was starting to wonder whether I should run away, the other soldiers started shouting, and a group of them hurried forward and grabbed a man from the crowd. 
Suddenly voices erupted all across the town square, but the soldiers marched the man toward a wall and threw him against the ground, before stepping back and raising their guns. More voices shouted, and then I watched in horror as a burst of gunfire filled the air and the man's body shuddered violently. 
“Chloe Carter!” the lead soldier shouted in English, as voices sobbed nearby, “one man has already died in order to keep you protected. How many more will you watch perish, before you do the right thing and give yourself up?” 
I stared in stunned silence at the dead man, and then I saw that the soldiers were leading a weeping woman over to the same wall. The situation was spiraling out of control and I suddenly realized that people were about to die because of me. 
Pierre shouted something in French. Whatever he said, he sounded defiant. 
The soldiers stepped back and aimed their weapons at the woman. 
“No!” I screamed, rushing out into the square, desperate to stop the next execution. “I'm here! Just don't hurt anyone else!” 
“And where is the other one?” the soldier asked, as several of his colleagues came toward me with their guns raised. 
“I don't know,” I replied, trembling with fear. “He left. I don't know where he went, I swear!” 
“I find that difficult to believe,” the soldier replied, before turning and barking an order at some of the others. 
Before I could react, more gunshots rang out and the woman slumped down next to the wall. I screamed and ran forward, but soldiers held me back and I heard voices shouting in both French and German. 
“I surrendered!” I yelled. “You don't have to kill anyone else!” 
“They need to learn a lesson,” the soldier replied to me, as more of the local people were rounded up and led toward the wall. “I've long suspected that this region is a hotbed of illegal activity. Besides... You took too long to come forward.” 
I stepped toward him, but other soldiers held me back. And then, as I struggled, I saw Pierre make his way over to the leading soldier and put his arms around him. The soldier turned to pull away, but in that moment I saw that Pierre was holding something in his right hand. As he looked at me, I realized he was carrying a grenade, and that in his other hand he was holding the pin. 
Two soldiers headed over to pull him away. 
I opened my mouth to scream, but in that instant the grenade exploded. 
A huge blast knocked me off my feet, sending me crashing down against the shuddering ground as mud and metal smashed across the entire town square. I felt a sharp ringing sensation in my ears, and a moment later some chunks of bloodied meat came raining down on top of me. Gunfire rang out nearby and voices screamed, and as smoke filled the air I heard a loud, scraping metallic sound. 
Suddenly there was another boom, and a nearby wall was blown apart. 
Yet another boom rang out, blasting the front of one of the houses, and finally I saw the tank's turret turning in the smoke. 
I stumbled to my feet, but my ears were ringing and I felt incredibly dizzy, as if the ground was going to spin around and upend me at any moment. I backed against one of the remaining walls, and I listened for a moment to the sound of gunfire and screams and explosions. I knew I should run, or that I should at least take cover, but for a few seconds it was as if I'd been frozen to the spot, as if I couldn't even begin to move. I could hear guns being blasted all around, and every few seconds there was another scream, but all I could manage was to step back and watch as the full horror of war exploded all around me. 
And then, finally, I saw the turret swing toward me, and I ducked down just as a huge explosion filled the air. I felt heat against the back of my neck, and the ground shook violently beneath me, and a moment later I felt rubble falling all around. Chunks of brick hit my head and I screamed as I put my hands up in a vain attempt to protect myself, and then I rolled to one side and tried to get away from the worst of the heat. 
Hearing loud, ominous creaking sounds all around, I stumbled to my feet. I could barely hear anything at all, other than a kind of high-pitched sound that seemed to be filling my ears, but I knew that I had to get away. I stumbled through the smoke, trying to get away from all the voices that were shouting nearby. Spotting an alley in the distance, I hurried that way, hoping to get away from the town square, but a moment later I was grabbed from behind and pulled back. 
I spun around, only to find a gun aimed straight at my face. Nearby, another house exploded. And that was when my knees buckled and I collapsed. 
Chapter Fifty-One 
Chloe 
  
When I opened my eyes, I found that I was in the back of a car. I stared straight up for a moment, before finally wincing as I tried to roll over. 
A voice next to me said something, and I turned to see that a soldier was sitting just a few feet away with a gun aimed at me. 
Still feeling extremely groggy, I forced myself up. Looking out the window, I found that night had fallen. I remembered nothing since the moment I'd tried to run away in the town, but there was a heavy, pulsing pain on the left side of my head. Outside, the stars were bright, but a moment later the car rounded a corner and I saw stronger lights ahead. 
“Where are we?” I whispered, although I felt a flickering pain in my head every time I spoke. 
“You don't recognize it?” the soldier asked nonchalantly. 
“I...” 
I blinked a couple of times, struggling to clear my blurred vision, but after a moment I was able to make out a large house in the distance. The place definitely looked familiar, but it took a few more seconds before I realized that I'd been there before. 
“Chateau Malafort,” I said, with a burst of fear in my chest as I realized that all my running had been for nothing. “I'm right back at Chateau Malafort.” 
  
*** 
  
Except that, this time, everything was different. 
Whereas before Chateau Malafort had been a bare, austere building, now there were lights everywhere. Fire pits burned all around us as the car pulled up, and I could already see that there were more lights blazing inside the house itself. It was as if the whole place had been given a dramatic, gothic makeover; it was as if a madman had moved in. A moment later the door next to me was opened, and a voice barked at me in German. 
Realizing that it was time to go, I climbed out of the car. My hands were cuffed in front of me, but I had no thoughts of running. Not anymore. I'd tried that once before, and all that had happened was that I'd led Zieghoff's men straight to a remote town. Now everyone there was dead, and the town itself had seemingly been destroyed, and I couldn't help but blame myself. 
“Move!” 
I was shoved hard in the back, and I stumbled forward across the grass. As I did so, I could already see several figures up ahead, and somehow I immediately recognized Zieghoff from his silhouette alone. 
“Chloe Carter,” he said, stepping toward me with a smile, “how nice to see you again. I do hope that your journey back here was at least moderately comfortable.” 
“I...” 
Before I could finish, I realized that something about Zieghoff seemed very different. Before, he'd seemed like a very calm, very by-the-books kind of guy, but now he was dressed in an extremely flamboyant red uniform that looked like nothing I'd ever seen in any history book. He was grinning, too, with a smile that didn't seem entirely natural. There were cuts on his face, no doubt from his encounter a few days earlier with Matthias, and a moment later I saw a spasm on his left cheek, as if he was in pain. It was his eyes, however, that were really different; it was his eyes that seemed to twitch with new-found madness. 
“Where is Matthias Bane?” he asked. 
“I don't know.” 
“You're lying.” 
“I honestly don't know,” I stammered. “He left when -” 
“Tell me!” he screamed, suddenly stepping toward me. “Where is he hiding?” 
“He left after we got away from here,” I explained, trying to not show too much fear. “As far as I know, he's far away by now and -” 
Suddenly he lashed out at me, and something hard and metallic hit my cheek and knocked me down to the ground. I gasped as I felt a sharp, burning pain on the side of my face, and then I turned and saw that Zieghoff was holding a pistol in one hand. 
I waited, but now he was glaring at me with a kind of burning anger in his eyes. I'd never seen him that way before, and it was as if he was much changed from our previous encounter. After a few seconds, however, he took a step back, and I could see that he'd somehow managed to contain his anger and hide it away. For a while, at least. 
“It doesn't matter,” he said finally, sounding a little breathless. “That doesn't matter, not now. I don't need him.” He hesitated. “I need you, however. You have something that I want, and you will deliver it to me.” 
“I'm not a witch,” I stammered, as the pain in my cheek became stronger. 
“Of course you're not a witch. I'm beyond all of that nonsense now. I know exactly what you are.” 
“I'm -” 
“You're nothing,” he added, interrupting me. “You're nobody. That's what you told me all along, and I realize now that you were telling the truth. I also realize that, if you're truly nobody, that makes you very interesting indeed. Because if a mere nobody can command the power of time travel itself, then that means this is a power that can be wielded by all.” He paused. “By me.” 
“I don't know how to do it,” I stammered. 
“I'm sure I can help you find a way,” he replied. “For now, you need to rest. You've undoubtedly been through a great deal, and you're of no use to me if you lack strength. That is why I have somebody waiting to help you. To heal you. You're sick, and you need someone who knows how to mend you.” 
“To torture me, you mean?” 
“So cynical,” he chuckled. “Where did you learn that?” 
“I can't help you,” I said. “I won't help you.” 
“Of course you will,” he purred. “Whether you want to or not.” He turned to one of the nearby guards and barked an order, before turning to me again. “You'll find that I'm really most reasonable,” he added, “so long as I get what I want.” 
Before I could reply, I was grabbed from behind and forced toward the chateau's main door. I cried out and tried to escape, but the guards were holding me too firmly and I was soon back inside the main building. I refused to stop struggling, however, and I continued to kick and punch until finally I was all the way back down in the basement area, at which point I was thrown through one of the doors and sent crashing to the floor. 
I immediately got to my feet, but I turned just as the door was slammed shut. It was in that moment that I realized I was right back in Doctor Loman's laboratory. I looked around and saw all the benches covered in equipment, but for a moment it seemed as if I was alone. 
“I don't know anything!” I called out, my voice trembling with fear. “You have to believe me, I don't know how to do any of this!” 
I stepped forward, glancing around at the various boxes and jars. 
“You have to believe me,” I continued. “I told the truth last time I was here and -” 
Stopping suddenly, I saw a pair of eyes staring out at me from inside one of the jars. For a moment, I couldn't quite understand what I saw seeing, and then I felt a wave of nausea as I realized that it was Doctor Loman's severed head suspended in some kind of light green liquid. After a moment, I thought I saw a flicker of movement in his eyes, as if somehow he was still alive in there, but I quickly told myself that I had to be imagining things. I had to be imagining that, at least. 
“I'm afraid Doctor Loman proved surplus to requirements,” a voice said behind me. “He was mildly useful as a test subject, but no more than that.” 
Turning, I saw a figure stepping out of the shadows. 
“Fortunately I was available at short notice to replace him,” Hugo said calmly. “Hello again, Chloe. It's good to see you. And I promise, Zieghoff and I have a very clear plan for you now.” 
Chapter Fifty-Two 
Chloe 
  
“What are you doing?” I gasped, hurrying after Hugo as he walked over to one of the tables and began fiddling with some equipment. “You can't seriously be working with Zieghoff!” 
“War sometimes results in strange alliances,” he replied, clearly avoiding eye contact with me. “Zieghoff made me an offer and I... accepted. There's really no need to get emotional about it. In fact, the whole thing is remarkably calm. There's nothing wrong with two individuals agreeing to the terms of a deal.” 
“You're working with a monster!” I shouted. 
“You're not with Matthias,” he said, as he carefully removed the lid from a small bottle. “I must admit, I thought he'd turned a new leaf. I'm surprised he abandoned you.” 
“Matthias was right all along!” I hissed. “You're crazy!” 
Finally, he glanced at me. 
“Matthias wouldn't say that,” he replied calmly. “Not now, anyway. I supposed it's possible that's something he might claim one day. In our future, and your past.” He took a deep breath, and I could see the sadness in his eyes. “Chloe, I have no intention of hurting you. I've convinced Zieghoff that you're more useful alive. In fact, I think part of this experiment might involve sending you home. That's what you want, isn't it? You want to go home.” 
“What's he paying you?” I asked. “How can someone like Zieghoff get a vampire on the payroll? Don't you have any shame?” 
“Doctor Loman was an oaf,” he said, before carrying some bottles to another bench. He was clearly avoiding answering my questions directly. “His work down here was laughable. I find it hard to believe that Zieghoff trusted him for so long, but I suppose that doesn't matter anymore. If it's any consolation, Doctor Loman's head is mildly useful as a testbed for a few theories of mine.” 
“You're working for the Nazis!” 
“I'm doing what everyone else is doing right now. I'm surviving.” 
Storming over to him, I grabbed his arm and forced him to turn to me. 
“You can't do this!” I said firmly. “You're not -” 
“He has Judith!” he shouted suddenly, slamming me against the wall in a fit of rage. “If I don't do what he wants, he's going to kill her! He's holding her in one of the dungeons and it's your fault that he even knows about her!” 
“What?” I stammered. “I -” 
“She went to meet you and Matthias, didn't she?” he continued angrily. “After you left here. That's always been one of her few faults, she always puts the needs of others over her own safety. Except that this time her movements were noticed, and after that it didn't take Zieghoff long to link her to me. And now she's here in one of the dungeons, and the only way I can save her life is to do exactly what Zieghoff demands!” 
I hesitated, shocked by his fury, and then I realized that he genuinely loved her. 
“I'm sorry,” I stammered, with tears in my eyes. “I didn't mean for her to get involved.” 
“I should never have become involved with her,” he replied, letting go of me and taking a step back. “It's my love for her that's my only real weakness here. I could walk away, of course. I could be like Matthias, but it's too late for that, I...” 
His voice trailed off. 
“You love her,” I replied finally. 
“I have to stay focused,” he said, turning back to a tray of bottles that stood on one of the nearby tables. “I know what Zieghoff wants, and I can deliver it to him. Once that's settled, he'll let Judith go. Klaus Zieghoff might be a mass-murdering son-of-a-bitch, but I've seen time and time again that he keeps to his word. I help him, and Judith is freed, and you get to go home. Is that really so bad, Chloe?” 
I watched for a minute as he worked. 
“What exactly does he want you to do for him?” I asked eventually. 
“It's a complicated story.” 
“But it involves me, right? I mean, he went to great effort to bring me back here.” 
“Zieghoff's run-in with Matthias changed him,” Hugo replied cautiously. “You might say that it made him insane, although I suspect the madness was already there. Whatever, the truth is that Zieghoff is scared about what you've revealed. He believes in the German war effort, but now for the first time he's worried that maybe it won't succeed.” 
“It won't,” I said firmly. 
“And he wants to change that.” 
“Change it?” I waited for him to continue. “How?” 
“You want to go home, Chloe,” he replied, “and we're going to send you home. Tonight, I hope. We're going to send you right back to where and when you came from.” 
“What's the catch?” I asked. 
He hesitated again, and then he turned to me. 
“You won't be going alone,” he added finally. “Klaus Zieghoff is willing to take more risks now, and he's going to go with you. To the future, I mean. He's going to find out why Germany lost the war, and then he's going to come back and make sure that they win instead.” 
Chapter Fifty-Three 
Chloe 
  
“No!” I screamed, as soldiers forced me along the corridor and through the large doorway at the far end. “I won't do this! I refuse!” 
For a moment, I managed to twist free. I turned to run, but I was immediately grabbed again and this time they held me even tighter. Two other soldiers ran the other way, clearly panicked, and I heard them shouting at one another. 
“There's no point fighting back,” Hugo said calmly, walking behind us. “This is simply what's going to happen now, Chloe. It's too late to stop it.” 
“You're a liar!” I yelled, before turning and looking out across the large hall. “None of this is ever going to -” 
Stopping suddenly, I realized that there were a dozen hooded figures at the far end of the room. I looked all around as it slowly dawned on me that I'd seen these people before. They'd been standing around me when I first arrived in 1942, they'd been part of whatever insane ritual Zieghoff had been performing. I had no idea who any of them were, but they seemed to be deeply involved in Zieghoff's plans. And now they were back for more. 
One of the figures turned to me, and I saw a sickly smile on a pale, gaunt face. 
“You're just delaying matters,” Hugo whispered behind me. “You won't get hurt, Chloe. Not if you cooperate.” 
“You want me to help this monster,” I replied, seeing Zieghoff waiting at the far end of the chamber. “You want me to help him win the war.” 
“You and I are in exactly the same position,” he said, sounding irritated by my resistance. “We have to do what's right for us. Anyway, how do you know that it's even possible to change the course of history. It might be the case that by helping Zieghoff, you ensure the Nazis' defeat.” 
“I don't think time travel was mentioned in my school textbook.” 
“Neither were vampires, I'm sure, but... Well, a lot goes on that the textbooks don't get to cover. Now move.” 
“But -” 
“Trust me!” he hissed, as he nudged me gently in the small of my back. “I've got this covered. I didn't get this far in life by being a complete idiot.” 
He nudged me again, and this time I accepted that I had to walk. I made my way past the hooded figures, and I heard a creepy creaking sound as they all slowly turned their heads to watch me. I glanced at a few of them, I was struck by the sense of appetite in their expressions, as if they were keenly anticipating something that they desperately wanted. Every bone in my body was trying to stop me going forward, but Hugo was still right behind me and – as I reached Zieghoff – I knew that there was no point trying to run. 
Looking down, I saw thirteen small bottles, each containing what seemed to be some kind of black liquid. 
“You and I are going on a journey,” Zieghoff said, his voice filled with great excitement. “We're going to journey to this future of yours, Ms. Carter, and then I shall learn everything that happened. Upon my return to this time period, I can then set right any... mistakes that might have slipped into our war strategy. I always anticipated that my research into the supernatural would pay dividends, but I have to admit that I did not quite expect the success to occur on such a grand scale. You are so much more valuable to me than a witch.” 
“I'm not going to do this,” I stammered. “I can't do this. I don't know how to, I can't just snap my fingers and send us shooting through time.” 
“Of course you can't,” he replied, “but fortunately Hugo has managed to work out the mechanics.” 
I turned, and Hugo stared at me for a moment before nodding gently. 
“How?” I asked. 
“I went into your mind, Chloe,” he admitted. 
“When?” 
He hesitated. 
“Just now,” he said finally. “While we were talking, while I was distracting you. I'm sorry, but I had to see your memories of the future.” A flicker of anger ran up one side of his face. “Those were some interesting events that happened right before you traveled back here. I can understand why you wanted to keep them from me.” 
“You can't have been in my mind,” I told him. “I didn't feel you in there.” 
“All it takes is practice,” he replied. “I was very quiet in there. I'm sorry, I only did it because I had no other choice.” 
“We will not be traveling alone!” Zieghoff announced loudly. “My twelve most loyal followers will be journeying with me, and we shall have more than mere human blood in our veins.” 
Turning, I saw that he was looking down at the thirteen bottles. 
“Hugo Bane has distilled the vampire essence into a serum that will change us all,” Zieghoff continued. “We will have the strength of the vampire race surging through our bodies. The power of their minds. We thirteen will form an unstoppable army, and I shall be at their head. I have long felt that our leaders in Berlin were failing in their task of winning this war. Perhaps it is time for some new leaders. And if I am to be the one who turns the tide in our favor, then should I not also receive the glory of victory?” 
“You can't be serious,” I said, as I began to realize that he'd lost his mind. “I won't let this happen!” 
I rushed forward to smash the bottles, but Hugo grabbed my arms and pulled me back. 
“No!” I screamed, as the robed figures began to make their way forward, and as Zieghoff handed them each a bottle. “Stop! This is crazy!” 
“It's happening, Chloe,” Hugo hissed in my ear as he pulled me away. “You can't stop it.” 
“I might not know much about history,” I snapped, “but I'm pretty damn sure there was nothing in the textbooks about time-traveling vampire Nazis!” 
“If this is what it takes to save Judith,” he replied, “then I have no choice.” 
I turned to him and saw the sadness in his eyes. 
“You'd change all of history, just to save one person?” I asked. 
“I love her,” he said plainly. “There's nothing in the whole world that I won't do to save her.” 
“But you'd seriously change -” 
“Yes!” he snapped angrily. “A thousand times, yes! To save Judith, of course I would! I'd do anything!” 
I stared at him, but it was clear that there was no way to reason with him. He clearly hated what he'd done, but at the same time he wasn't willing to admit that he was wrong. In his eyes, saving Judith from Zieghoff's clutches was the most important thing in the whole world. It would have been cute and brave and admirable, if not for the time-traveling vampire Nazis he was about to unleash upon the world. 
“I'm sure everything will be fine,” he explained. “Time can't be so easily changed, history isn't that fragile. I've studied ancient texts, and I'm convinced that the course of history is basically set.” 
“But you don't know that!” I pointed out. “You're risking the fate of the world!” 
“It's a calculated risk,” he replied, before looking past me, “and anyway, it's too late to back out now.” He hesitated, and I could see the fear in his eyes. “It's done.” 
Turning, I watched as the last of the hooded figures drank from the bottles. 
“And now they're going to turn into vampires?” I asked. “Is it really that easy?” 
“Creating the serum wasn't easy,” Hugo replied. “I had to -” 
Suddenly one of the figures cried out and stumbled forward, before dropping to his knees. Clutching his belly, he seemed to be in absolute agony, and a moment later two more of the figures did the same thing. I watched as the rest followed, and finally they were all screaming as if they were in terrible pain. 
“This isn't supposed to happen,” Hugo said, sounding worried. “Something must have gone wrong, they -” 
Before he could finish, Zieghoff started bellowing with laughter. Looking over at him, I saw that he seemed gripped by some kind of immense pleasure. As the hooded figures died one by one on the ground between us, I realized that Zieghoff was enjoying every moment of their pain. 
“What is this?” Hugo whispered. “I don't understand.” 
“My dear Mr. Bane,” Zieghoff chuckled, “I'm terribly sorry, but I've been rethinking our little plan. And I've come up with a much, much better idea.” 
Chapter Fifty-Four 
Chloe 
  
“What did you do?” Hugo asked, stepping past me and heading toward Zieghoff. “Did you kill them?” 
Zieghoff slumped in a chair at the far end of the room, but he was still laughing. 
“What did you do?” Hugo shouted. 
“I looked at those thirteen little bottles,” Zieghoff replied, “and I thought that it would be such a waste to share them out. After all, my followers seemed to have outlived their usefulness, and I didn't particularly feel the need to follow through and reward them. If I'd turned them into vampires, they'd have been uncontrollable.” He hesitated. “So I made sure that, instead, they drank a mixture that we use for killing rats.” 
Looking down at one of the figures, I saw that his dead eyes were bulging from their sockets, and that a kind of dark liquid was slowly dribbling from one corner of his mouth. 
“What did you do with the serum, Zieghoff?” Hugo asked. 
In response, Zieghoff merely chuckled. 
“What did you do with it?” Hugo snapped. “That serum was carefully measured out so that it would provide the correct dose. I even adjusted it for the weights and body masses of the individuals.” 
“Such precision,” Zieghoff muttered. “How commendable.” 
“What do you do?” Hugo shouted. 
“I did what anyone would have done in my position,” Zieghoff replied, holding his hands out and grinning. “I took the power I was going to give to others, and I kept it for myself. That's basic human nature, Mr. Bane.” 
“What does he mean?” I asked. “Hugo, what has he done?” 
“You're insane,” Hugo said, taking a cautious step toward Zieghoff. “You can't have done what I think you've done. Please, tell me I'm wrong. Even for you, Klaus Zieghoff, that would be a monumental mistake.” 
“I looked into his eyes,” Zieghoff replied. “When he came here, I mean. When he came and saved you, Ms. Carter. For one moment, I saw the endless anger and fury that exists within Matthias's soul, and I realized that I had to possess that same power. Not share it with others, not dilute it... I had to be that powerful. Or more powerful, even. And what use is power, when others around you share it? There's no -” 
Suddenly he flinched, and for a moment he gripped his belly. 
“There's no looking back now,” he continued, gasping slightly. “Why bother raising an army, when I can just win the war all by myself? I might as well just be the army myself.” 
“We had a plan!” Hugo snapped. “It was a good plan, it was going to work.” 
“I have a better plan!” Zieghoff gurgled, clearly in some discomfort. “Thirteen little bottles of serum slipped down the hatch so easily. And now I shall not just become a vampire. I shall not just be one among many. I shall become the greatest, strongest, most powerful vampire that ever lived.” He winced slightly, but still he laughed, although the laughter was slowly becoming a kind of slow, disturbing giggle. “You're right to look scared, Mr. Bane. Once my transformation is complete, I'll be strong enough to rule the entire world.” 
“That's not how it's going to work,” Hugo told him. “No one body can contain that much power. It's too much.” 
“We'll see about that,” Zieghoff replied, getting to his feet and stepping toward us. “Soon I'll -” 
He stopped suddenly, and for a moment he looked strangely calm. Then, finally, he let out a cry of pain and slumped forward, landing on his knees and then bowing his head as his whole body began to tremble. 
“It's too much!” Hugo shouted. “Zieghoff, you don't understand, I wasn't really creating the other twelve vampires so that they could go with you! That wasn't the plan, the plan was to use them for the time travel. That's how Chloe Carter ended up here in the first place. When vampires die, their bodies unleash a huge amount of energy, and that energy somehow transported Chloe when...” He paused. “When my brother died in the future,” he added finally. 
Zieghoff tried to reply, but all that emerged from his lips was a faint groan. 
“The other twelve vampires would have been fresh, and still weak,” Hugo explained, “but twelve of them dying at the same time... I was going to destroy them all, moments after they were transformed, and that was the fuel that was going to send you and Chloe to the future. I didn't explain that part before, because I didn't think you'd listen. And now you've destroyed the plan, you killed them before they could be changed. It was the perfect plan, it was going to work!” 
Again, Zieghoff could only manage a few slurred, whispered words. He tried to stand up, but at the last moment he let out a gasp and looked at us, and I saw that blood was pouring from his eyes. Then, as he opened his mouth to scream, he sighed and slumped forward, landing dead on the cold stone floor. 
“You idiot,” Hugo sneered, stepping toward his body. “I knew the encounter with Matthias had driven you insane, but I didn't realize just how far your mind had deteriorated. I laid out a perfect plan for you, and you squandered it all.” He paused. “I suppose there's a lesson to be learned in there somewhere. A lesson about humans and their constant need for power.” He kicked Zieghoff's shoulder, and then he turned and walked back toward me. “Greed,” he continued. “Humans are not alone in succumbing to its power, but they tend to do so in the most spectacular of ways.” 
He stopped and offered me a faint, sad smile. 
“There you go, Ms. Carter,” he continued. “I believe your precious future history has been safeguarded.” 
“I'm pretty sure that there's no mention of any of this in the history books,” I pointed out. 
He shrugged. 
“How can huge things like this really get swept under the carpet?” I asked. “Vampires. Time travel. I'm sure there are plenty of other things I don't understand, as well. Werewolves?” 
“Oh, they're real,” Hugo replied. 
“Zombies?” 
“There have been a few outbreaks.” 
I thought for a moment. 
“Unicorns?” I asked finally. 
“Complicated.” 
“Ghosts?” 
“Ever-present.” 
“And how do I get home?” 
“There'll be time to figure that out,” he replied, “but right now I need to go and find Judith. She's somewhere in the dungeons here, and Zieghoff's men might still put up something of a fight. The ones who haven't already fled once they learned of his insanity, at least. Everything's under control, but I have to get Judith away from this wretched place. Wait here, and I'll be right back.” 
He moved to step around me, but suddenly I grabbed his shoulder as I saw something moving nearby. 
“It's okay,” Hugo said, “I'm just -” 
“You said Zieghoff made a mistake, right?” I replied, as a sense of fear began to fill my chest. “You said he shouldn't have drunk all the serum?” 
“Exactly. It's kind of pathetic, really, but -” 
“I think maybe you might want to rethink that,” I said, forcing him to turn and look toward the other end of the room. “I think maybe we have a problem.” 
He turned, and we both stood and watched in horror as Klaus Zieghoff's shuddering, rippling figure rose from the ground and got back on its feet. His head was bowed, but after a moment he looked straight at us, and his eyes burned bright as he opened his mouth and revealed a set of large, razor-sharp fangs. Flames were rippling across his body, as if he was about to burn at any moment. Finally a low, angry growl emerged from his mouth. 
“Okay, Hugo,” I said cautiously, resisting the urge to scream, “do you still think you've got this situation under control?” 
Chapter Fifty-Five 
Chloe 
  
“I feel it in my veins,” Zieghoff gasped as he held out his left hand and examined his darkened, charred skin. “Such power. Such energy. Such strength.” 
“Zieghoff,” Hugo said cautiously, stepping toward him, “I want you to listen very carefully to me.” 
“Listen to you?” Zieghoff replied, still looking at his own hand with a sense of wonder. “I can barely even hear you. You're completely insignificant, all of you.” 
“Zieghoff -” 
“What am I?” Zieghoff asked. 
Hugo hesitated. 
“You don't even know, do you?” Zieghoff sneered, standing up straight as ripples of fire continued to dance across his body. His face was burned now, but he seemed to be in no pain at all. “I see it in your eyes. You always thought that you knew everything, but now you're scared. You thought it was impossible to absorb all the serum in one body, but you were wrong. I dared to go beyond the limits of your knowledge, and now look at me. I'm the most powerful vampire that ever lived.” 
“I'm not quite sure that's what's happening here,” Hugo said. “Let me examine you, Zieghoff. Let me try to understand what all that serum did to you.” 
“Examine me?” Zieghoff replied. “You're not even worthy of being in the same room as me, let alone touching me.” 
“I'm a scientist,” Hugo said firmly, “and I -” 
“No!” Zieghoff roared, raising his right hand, and in that instant Hugo was sent flying across the room until he slammed against the far wall and then fell to the floor. 
I ran over to help him, but he was already trying to get back up. 
“Find Judith!” he gasped. 
“But -” 
“Find Judith!” he said firmly, pushing me away. “I can deal with Zieghoff, Chloe, but I need to know that Judith's safe first. Go into the dungeons and find her, and get her out of there, and then get her as far away from this place as you can.” 
“What are you going to do about Zieghoff?” I asked. 
He looked past me, and I turned to see that Zieghoff was shuffling slowly toward us. 
“I'll find a solution,” Hugo said after a moment, and then he pushed me again. “But I need to think clearly, and for that I need to know that Judith is safe. I'm trusting you, Chloe. Judith's the most important thing in the world to me, and I'm trusting you to save her. Now run!” 
I hesitated, and then I heard a growling sound nearby. I turned and saw Zieghoff glaring directly at me, and I instantly felt a rush of instinctive, primal fear rising through my chest. I took a step back, but the fear was getting stronger and stronger, and finally I realized that Hugo was right. Turning, I stumbled out of the room, and then I tried to work out how I was going to find Judith. 
“I'm going to help you!” I heard Hugo shouting. “Whatever power you've got now, Zieghoff, you need to know how to control it or it could destroy you. There's no more -” 
Suddenly he screamed. I turned to look back, but all I saw was flickering orange light cast against one of the walls, and I felt a wave of heat rushing through the air. I wanted to go back in there, to help Hugo, but I could hear him shouting at Zieghoff now and I realized that I had to do what he'd asked me to do. I had to trust him, and I had to find Judith. 
Chapter Fifty-Six 
Chloe 
  
Stopping in the gloomy corridor, I realized I could hear someone whistling up ahead. I'd been searching the dungeons for a while now, without any luck, but at least it seemed that Zieghoff had sent most of his guards away. Now, finally, I had a sense that maybe I'd found where Judith was being held. 
A moment later, the entire corridor shuddered, and a thin layer of dust fell from cracks in the ceiling. There had been several similar tremors over the previous few minutes, and I'd heard a few loud thudding sounds as well. Whatever was going on between Hugo and Zieghoff, they seemed to be doing for more than just talking. Still, Hugo had told me that he'd got things covered, and I figured I just had to trust that he knew what he was doing. 
And I had to find a way to get Judith to safety. 
Making my way toward the doorway at the corridor's far end, I stopped for a moment and listened as the whistling sound continued. I had no weapon, and no real ideas, but I figured I'd just have to figure something out on the fly. And then, as if to remind me that time was of the essence, the whole building shook harder than ever. All around me, the walls seemed to be on the verge of collapse. 
I hurried forward, into the next room, and I immediately saw Judith on the floor behind some bars. Then, hearing a noise nearby, I turned to see a soldier staring at me. 
“You again?” I gasped. 
It was the same soldier I'd encountered before, back in Paris, and sure enough his left foot was heavily bandaged, and his nose was still taped up as well. He stared at me for a moment, as if he genuinely couldn't believe that he was seeing me, and then he turned and tried to hurry to his gun. Thankfully, his injured foot slowed him down, and I managed to grab him and pull him back. 
“You shot me!” he gasped in broken English. “This time I'm going to -” 
Before he could finish, I swung a fist at him and punched him on the side of the face, sending him thudding down to the ground. I grabbed the gun, but then I saw that the guy was already unconscious. 
“I guess there's a first time for everything,” I muttered, as I slowly clenched and unclenched my fist. The punch had hurt, but at least nothing seemed to be broken. 
Crouching down, I took a set of keys from the soldier's belt and hurried over to the jail cell's metal door. 
“What are you doing here?” Judith asked. 
“Hugo sent me to get you out,” I replied, just as the building shook again. I started trying each of the keys, hoping against hope that eventually I'd be able to get the door open. “It's complicated, but let's just say that his plan has taken a bit of a detour.” 
“I told him not to work with Zieghoff!” she exclaimed. “You have to believe me. I begged him, but he wouldn't listen!” 
“He's a stubborn guy, that's for sure.” 
I tried another key, but I was still having no luck. 
“What's happening up there?” Judith asked, as the building shuddered again. “It sounds like the end of the world.” 
“I think that might not be far off,” I muttered, as I tried the final key. “Hugo says he's got everything under control. We just have to get out of here.” 
I turned the key, but I still wasn't having any luck. 
“It has to be one of these!” I said as I started again, trying each key for a second time. 
“How could he work with that monster?” Judith replied. “I'd rather die than have Hugo help the Germans.” 
“Hopefully it won't be -” 
Suddenly I froze, and I looked between the bars and saw Judith's horrified face. In that instant, I thought back again to what Hugo had said in the future. 
“For everything you destroyed, Chloe,” his voice had snarled, echoing now in my memory, “you must now pay a heavy price. For Judith, for all the pain. For how she died. Did you really think I'd let you get away with it?” 
“What is it?” Judith asked. “Why are you looking at me like that?” 
“It's nothing.” I got back to checking the keys, but I quickly found that – once again – none of them fitted the lock. 
“I don't think this place is going to last much longer,” Judith said. “Chloe, you have to save yourself. Get out of here before the ceiling comes down.” 
“I'm not leaving you!” I said firmly, but it was clear that the keys weren't going to help. Hurrying back over to the unconscious soldier, I checked to see if he had any others, and then I started searching the room. “They must be here somewhere!” I shouted, as a loud rumbling sound filled the entire building. “What kind of person doesn't keep the key close to the locked door?” 
“You have to run!” Judith shouted. “Chloe, I don't want anyone else to get hurt because of me!” 
 Realizing that the key definitely wasn't nearby, I suddenly remembered having seen another office upstairs, in one of the rooms near the main entrance. The keys had to be there. 
“I'll be right back,” I told her. “I think I know where to get the keys, but they're upstairs. I'll be back in two minutes, I promise!” 
“Just go!” she sobbed. “Get away while you still can!” 
“I'll be back!” With that, I turned and ran back out into the corridor, although at that moment the building began to shake violently and I was thrown against one of the walls. 
Hurrying toward the stairs, I realized I could hear screams in the distance. It certainly didn't sound like Hugo had Zieghoff under control, but he'd told me that I had to trust him. I made my way up into the main hallway, and then I hurried to the office. The door had been left open when the soldiers had left, and I figured that the remaining guards would have fled once the building began to shake. I started checking all the drawers in the desks, desperately hoping that the right set of keys would have been left behind. 
Finally, in a bottom drawer, I found a set of keys. I carried on searching for a moment, but there seemed to be no other sets, so I ran back out and headed toward the stairs that led back to the dungeon. 
“No!” a voice snarled suddenly, and I was swept off my feet and sent flying across the room. 
At the last moment, I managed to grab the side of the door as I was pulled back into the large chamber, and then I turned and saw that flames were filling the room. Hugo was on the ground, not moving at all, and Klaus Zieghoff was watching me from the heart of the inferno. Energy was dancing in the air all around him, and flickers of what looked like lightning were moving all over his body as he laughed 
“I was just about to kill the irritating Mr. Hugo Bane,” Zieghoff said, as flames burst from his eyes, “but I might as well deal with you at the same time. After tonight, I'll be far too busy conquering the world.” 
Chapter Fifty-Seven 
Chloe 
  
“Stop!” I yelled, as I felt an invisible force pulling me toward the flames. “You don't have to do this!” 
I was still clinging to the door, but my grip was slowly slipping and I knew that I couldn't hold on for much longer. Already, the heat from the inferno was starting to burn the back of my neck. 
“They'll all bow down before me now,” Zieghoff said, his voice filled with a sense of wonder. “I won't even need to see the future, not yet. I'll force the world to bend to my will. I'll end the war in Europe first, I'll finish that all tomorrow morning. Then in the afternoon I'll deal with the Soviets and the Americans, and then I think I'll sort out most of Asia in the evening. That'll leave me time to crush China the day after, and maybe South America as well. I should have the entire world under my control within seven days, which seems somehow fitting. And then, on the seventh day, I shall rest.” 
Suddenly my fingers slipped from the door, and I was dragged through the air. I managed to grab the side of a column, but the heat was becoming unbearable and my grip was once again starting to come loose. 
“The only question is how to kill you,” Zieghoff continued. “As the one who initiated this chain of events, I suppose you deserve a somewhat fitting death. I considered keeping you around, but you're no longer essential to my plans and I'd prefer to eventually master time travel on my own terms, so I think I shall burn you. Yes, that seems like a relatively quick way for you to die. Not entirely painless, but then you deserve a little discomfort. After all, you really haven't been as helpful as you might have been. In fact -” 
I waited, still clinging to the column, but after a moment I looked over my shoulder and saw that Zieghoff was clutching his side as if he was in immense pain. 
“It's all so new,” he grimaced, clearly struggling. “It's all... I'm not used to the power, I feel as if it's... almost too much sometimes and...” 
He hesitated, and then the invisible force stopped pulling me as Zieghoff dropped to his knees. 
“No!” he snarled. “I can contain it! I'm strong enough!” 
I scrambled back around the column, trying to get away from the worst of the heat, and a moment later Zieghoff let out an agonized scream. The heat seemed different somehow, and after a few seconds I realized where I'd experienced it before. It was the same kind of heat that I'd felt in the mansion, right before I traveled back in time. That time, the inferno was caused by Matthias dying, which meant... 
I peered back around the column, just in time to see the flames starting to completely engulf Zieghoff. He cried out, shouting something that got lost in the heat, and then I saw his body starting to break apart. 
Rushing across the chamber, I grabbed Hugo's arms and started dragging him toward the door. I struggled a little, but finally I managed to get him out into the hallway, and then I pulled him all the way through the main door and along the path that led to the open grass. Finally, figuring that I was far enough away, I laid him down. As I did so, the blue ring fell from one of his pockets and landed on the grass. 
Picking the ring up, I realized that this must have been the other key to my journey. Somehow, this ring had sent me back in time, and I figured that maybe it could send me the other way as well. After all, why else would Hugo have had it with him? 
I hesitated, and then I pocketed the ring before hurrying back into Chateau Malafort. 
The heat was incredible now, and the chamber seemed to be filled with fire. I stopped and looked at the immense white light, and the whole building shuddered around me as I realized that this was my chance. The inferno was starting to dim a little now, as if the flames would soon die, so I stepped forward as I felt the pull of home. I didn't understand fully, but in that moment I felt absolutely certain that all I had to do was step into the light with the ring in my hands, and I'd end up home. I could even feel my own time period calling to me somehow, as if trying to help me. 
There were tears in my eyes. 
Home. 
I took a step forward, and then another. Reaching out, I held up my hand and I saw traces of fire dancing around my fingertips, trying to pull me closer. 
Suddenly the building shook again, and this time the ground beneath my feet began to give way. A loud creaking sound filled the air, and I looked up just as chunks of stone began to fall. The inferno was fading faster now, and I realized that I only had at most a few more minutes left before my chance would vanish. I stepped forward and reached for the ring in my pocket, but then at the very last moment I felt the ground shake again. I put my hand in my pocket again, but – before I could take the ring out – my fingertips brushed against the keys I'd taken from the office. 
Judith. 
I had to save Judith. 
“For Judith, for all the pain. For how she died. Did you really think I'd let you get away with it?” 
That's what Hugo had said to me. Had he been talking about this moment, or about another? All I knew was that I couldn't leave yet, not without making sure that she was safe first. 
I raced to the stairs, and then I made my way down into the dungeon as quickly as I could manage. The building was constantly shaking now, as if it might entirely collapse at any moment, but finally I reached the room where Judith was being held. The unconscious soldier was gone, having most likely woken up and fled, so I headed to the metal bars and began frantically trying the new set of keys. 
“You shouldn't have come back!” Judith shouted. “The whole place is about to fall down!” 
I tried one key, then another, until there was only one more left. I slipped it into the lock and gave it a twist, and finally there was a faint clicking sound and I was able to pull the door open. 
“Run!” I yelled, grabbing Judith's arm and dragging her out of the room. 
We hurried along the corridor and up the stairs, and then out onto the lawn. Judith immediately dropped to her knees and tried to get Hugo to wake up, while I turned and stepped back toward the building. I could still see the light burning, albeit not so brightly now, but I realized there was still a chance. 
Reaching into my pocket, I took out the blue ring. I could still feel home calling for me. 
And then, with a loud groaning sound, Chateau Malafort collapsed. The entire roof fell down into the main part of the building, and then a huge cloud of dust rose up into the night air as the walls buckled. I stared with a sense of horror as the place was destroyed, and I watched for several more minutes until the entire building had completely fallen. By the time it was all over, the inferno had been extinguished, the strange calling sensation was over, and my chance to get home was gone. 
Chapter Fifty-Eight 
Chloe 
  
“I'm fine!” Hugo gasped, sounding a little irritated as Judith tried to examine another of the cuts on his face. “I'm a vampire, remember? I can handle a few scrapes.” 
He turned to me. 
“I suppose I owe you my gratitude,” he continued. “When I was battling Zieghoff, I knew that I just needed to keep him distracted until his body was destroyed. I knew he couldn't last long with all that power, with thirteen full doses of the serum in his bloodstream, but for a few minutes there I started to wonder whether I might be destroyed in the process. Klaus Zieghoff was, however briefly, the most powerful vampire that ever existed. That ever could exist. But there's a reason why that much power is never concentrated in one body, and we just saw a perfect demonstration of that reason. But thank you, Chloe. Without you, I would have died with him.” 
“Would I have ended up back in my own time, if I'd gone into the light?” I asked. “I had the ring. It fell out of your pocket.” 
“That ring acts as some kind of anchor for you,” he replied. “I don't understand it fully, not yet. But to the best of my understanding, yes, you'd have made it home.” He paused. “I'm sorry, Chloe,” he added finally. “If the fire had just lasted a little longer...” 
I thought about it for a moment, and then I nodded. 
“What's done is done,” I told him, as I looked over at the smoking ruins of Chateau Malafort, “and I made the right decision. I'll just have to find another way to get home. That's all.” 
“Stop fussing, woman,” Hugo muttered, pushing Judith's hands away. “I'm fine.” 
“What do we do now?” she asked. “Where do we go?” 
“I need to study that ring properly,” Hugo replied. “Vampire deaths aren't generally known to act as portals for time travel, so there must be something very unusual about that ring. I'll need some proper equipment, and I'll have to find a place to work where I won't be disturbed, and I'll need access to a library and perhaps to an assistant as well, and of course there's also the question of how I might -” 
“Matthias,” I said suddenly, interrupting him. 
“I beg your pardon?” 
“We have to find Matthias,” I continued. “I'm surprised he didn't find his way to us already.” 
“Yes,” he replied cautiously, “I'm surprised about that too. I can only assume that something, of some nature, must be keeping him from coming to us.” 
“He was in pain,” I explained. “I sensed it. Don't ask me how, because I don't know, but tonight I somehow sensed him screaming. He was alone, and he was scared, and he was angry. That's all I know, but... We have to find him.” 
“What's that?” Judith asked, looking past me. 
Hugo and I turned, and we both saw that there was an orange glow on the horizon. 
“It's Paris,” Hugo said darkly. “Paris is burning. There must be a particularly bad bombing raid tonight. This human war just goes on and on, doesn't it?” 
“Are we going back to Paris?” I asked. 
“It would make some sense, I suppose,” he replied, “but...” 
He hesitated. 
“No,” he added finally. “We're going to London.” 
“London?” I asked. “Why?” 
“Because that's where I can find the resources that I'll need. Anywhere else would either be too far, or too under-developed. Besides, I have some contacts in London, there are some people whose advice I'd very much like to access. Like it or not, London is by far our best shot now. And don't worry, even in wartime I know some people who can help get us there.” 
“Then we're going to London,” I said, with a flicker of fear in my chest, as the glow continued to flicker in the distance. “But first, before we do anything else... We're going to find Matthias.” 
Epilogue 
Chloe 
  
Many years from now... 
  
“And then what happened?” Harriet asked. 
I opened my mouth to tell her, but at the last moment I felt a sudden wave of tiredness. I forced a smile, but in truth I was tiring much more easily of late, and it didn't help that I was going over the past in such exhausting detail. Not that I'd ever forgotten what had happened, of course, but it was still strange to have to explain it all. And it didn't help that there were still parts of the story that I didn't quite understand. 
“Would you mind terribly if we finish this tomorrow night?” I asked wearily. “There's still quite a lot to get through, and it's almost midnight so this seems like a good point to take a break.” 
“But -” 
“And I'm exhausted, Harriet,” I added, before reaching out and taking her hands in mine. As I did so, I saw how young her hands looked. “Not a day goes by, that I don't think about everything that happened back in the old days, but it's difficult for me to explain it this way. After all, your mother was never really very interested.” I glanced at the window, and I felt a flicker of surprise that once again he hadn't come. “I rather think that I'd like to sleep now.” 
“Okay, fine,” she said with a sigh, “I get it. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be a pain.” 
“I'll finish the story tomorrow, I promise,” I replied. “Hand on heart.” 
“There's just so much I still don't understand,” she said. “I mean, where was Matthias at the end? I was convinced he was going to come swinging in like a big hero and save the day.” 
“So was I, at the time.” 
“I still don't even know if it's him you're waiting for every night.” 
“I need to tell you the whole story.” 
“And Hugo...” She hesitated. “I mean, I'm not saying that I like him, but at least I understand him. And he doesn't seem like the monster you described yesterday, so I guess I don't understand how things could have gone so totally wrong for him. And did you save Judith in the end? Did you change history? Or did she just end up dying another time?” 
“That's something I can tell you about tomorrow,” I replied, “or try to, at least. I'm not sure that I truly know everything.” 
“And how was I getting Matthias's point of view?” she asked. “It was the same last night, too. While you were talking, I was somehow getting the story through his eyes as well as through your eyes.” 
“Storytelling is a strange, often misunderstood process,” I replied, “and this story has vampires at its heart. So I'm afraid that while I don't exactly know how you're seeing all of that, I can only assume that some element of Matthias's soul is lingering in the telling.” I sighed. “Please don't ask me to explain that,” I added, “because I can't. To be honest, it doesn't make a lot of sense to me, either. I learned a long time ago that, when you're dealing with vampires, it's sometimes necessary to focus on the parts that do make sense and sort of try to fill in the gaps as best you can.” 
She paused, and I felt rather bad for not being able to explain more. 
“So you were really in the war, huh?” she asked finally. “Like, you really had to duck because a tank was firing at you?” 
“It was a long time ago,” I reminded her. “I was a little more limber back then.” 
“It's still pretty cool,” she replied. “Wait, I didn't mean it like that! I know people died, I shouldn't say it was cool. I know people lost their lives and lived through misery, and you knew people who were killed. I really didn't mean to offend you, Gran!” 
“Don't worry,” I said, before pausing for a moment. I was still so very tired, but Harriet had reminded me of something that I suddenly wanted to show her. “Wait right here,” I said, slowly getting to my feet. “I put a box in the cupboard on the landing, just a few weeks ago, and there's something in there that I think you'd very much like to see.” 
“I'll get it!” 
“No, I'll go,” I replied, gently slipping away from her attempt to support me as I shuffled toward the door. “I haven't been very active today, so the walk will do me good. When you get to my age, Harriet, it's so easy for your bones to feel heavy.” I opened the door, and then I glanced back at her as she sat on my bed. “I'm so glad that you're interested in all of this,” I added. “I just wish I hadn't had to split the story up over three nights. I wish I'd been able to tell it all in a more condensed format. Then again, so much happened. I'm sure I've already left things out, as it is. At the end, you must ask me any questions that you still have.” 
“It's cool,” she said with a smile. “Like I told you before, I'm enjoying it. I've always wanted to know what really happened to you.” 
Smiling, I shuffled out onto the landing and made my way toward the cupboard at the far end. I was moving so slowly, hunched over and in pain, and it was hard to believe that once I'd been young enough to try escaping from a Nazi prison. I didn't feel old in my heart, of course, even though I was under no illusions about my body. I was frail, and my joints struggled with the most simple of movements, and as I reached the cupboard and pulled the door open I began to think that I should have let Harriet do the heavy lifting after all. 
Then again, she wouldn't know what she was looking for. 
I quickly found the large box, but then I had to root through all the old items that I'd kept over the years.  There were so many reminders of my life in the box, things that I'd kept but which I hadn't looked at for a long time. I'd kept telling myself that one day I'd go through everything and have a good clear-out, but in truth I'd found it rather sad to linger on a bunch of old mementos. I'd lost so many people. 
Finally I found an A4 envelope, and I struggled to slide the piece of paper out from inside. 
I felt a flicker of shock, and sadness too, as soon as I saw the old newspaper clipping. It was from a French publication, and I'd tracked it down online several years earlier. My French still wasn't particularly good, but I hadn't saved that particular piece of paper for the text. No, I'd saved it for the grainy black and white photograph that showed a smiling Pierre Menard standing next to a truck. The article was about French resistance heroes, and Pierre had been one of the key figures. 
As I stared at the picture, I couldn't help but think back once again to the moment when he'd put his arms around that soldier and pulled the pin from the grenade, blowing them both up. 
“It's at times like this that you need to keep hope in your heart,” I remembered him saying all those years ago, when I was lost in a different time. “Sometimes hope is the only thing that can keep you going. It wouldn't work if it was easy.” 
There had been plenty of times, in the intervening years, when I'd used those words in order to stay strong. I only wished that I could have thanked Pierre, that he and Michelle and the others could have lived to see that their hope had been well founded. 
I set the box back in place, and then I turned and shuffled back toward my room. I knew it was perhaps rather foolish to expect Harriet to care about Pierre, who after all had been a side character in the story I'd been telling her. At the same time, she was a perceptive young woman and I had a feeling that she might very well be ravenous for information. I imagined her doing some private research in her own time, and I thought that perhaps she would like to take a closer look at the ring as well. Not that I'd let her keep it, of course. Even though I knew the ring was merely a conduit for what had happened, I still worried that it might retain a trace of its former power. 
“I think you'll find this photo very interesting,” I said as I shuffled back into my room. “Think of it as a springboard for any research you might want to carry out. I always thought that -” 
Suddenly I froze as I saw him standing by the window. 
I'd waited so long, and finally he'd come. 
And he was holding Harriet firmly from behind, with a large knife pressed against her throat. 
“Hugo,” I stammered, horrified by the sight of him, “what -” 
“Gran,” Harriet gasped, with tears running down her terrified face, “help me.” 
“Leave her alone!” I shouted, dropping the photo and taking a painful, shuffling step forward. “Hugo, whatever you want, your business is with me! Not her!” 
“Is that right?” he snarled, his voice thicker and more agonized than ever before. “You must have expected me. You must have felt me coming.” 
“I -” 
“You must have known this day would arrive.” 
“Hugo -” 
Before I could finish, he sliced the knife's blade across Harriet's throat, ripping her flesh open from ear to ear and sending blood spraying across the room. 
“No!” I screamed, but I stumbled as I tried to run to her, and I fell down hard on my pained, arthritic knees. 
“There's no magical healing paste that can save the day this time,” Hugo sneered, holding Harriet tight as her body began to shudder wildly. A moment later, after twisting the knife around, Hugo began to carve through the rest of her neck. “That's if you even had any, which I doubt you do.” 
“No!” I sobbed, staring wide-eyed with shock as I saw blood gushing in torrents from Harriet's body. “I'm begging you! I'll do anything!” 
“Anything, huh?” 
With that, he cut one final time and then let Harriet's headless body slump down to the floor. A moment later he leaned down and placed her severed head right in front of me, so that I could see the horrified expression in her poor dead eyes, and the blood that even now was dribbling from her mouth and running down her chin. My poor dear darling beautiful granddaughter was dead, and my whole body was shaking with sorrow as I stared at her face. 
“I came here tonight to give you another chance to help me, Chloe,” Hugo said, towering above me. “Perhaps you were insufficiently motivated before, but it seems that we might finally have something in common. We've both lost someone we loved very much. So now are you ready to help me go back in time and change the course of history?” 
Also available

The Vampire Falls
(Three Nights of the Vampire book 1)

One woman. Two vampire brothers. Three nights of terror. 
  
When she moves to Paris to start a new life, Chloe Carter soon learns that she can't leave the past behind. First, her ex-boyfriend shows up with a surprising offer. And then there are the vampires...

Chloe is soon drawn into the middle of a fight between two ancient vampire brothers. Matthias is handsome and charming, but he's dying and he seems to have a strange fixation on Chloe. Hugo, meanwhile, is withered and injured, and he seems consumed by his need to find his lost love. But why does Hugo blame Chloe for everything that has happened, when Chloe has never met either of the brothers before?

The Vampire Falls is the first book in the Three Nights of the Vampire trilogy. This book ends on a cliffhanger, which is continued in the sequel The Vampire Burns.

The Vampire Rises
(Three Nights of the Vampire book 3)

The Three Nights of the Vampire trilogy comes to an epic conclusion as worlds collide, secrets are unearthed, and destinies are revealed.

Still trapped in the past, Chloe Carter sets out to locate Matthias. She soon discovers him hiding in a monastery, but can she persuade him to join the fight?

Meanwhile, Hugo and Judith are in London, where they hope to learn more about the mysterious ring that sent Chloe back in time in the first place. The more they discover, however, the more they begin to realize that they're caught up in something that threatens the fate of the entire world. Powerful forces will stop at nothing to gain possession of the ring, even if they have to unleash a terrible tragedy in the process.

The Vampire Rises is the third and final book in the Three Nights of the Vampire series. Readers are advised to begin with the first book. 
