The Lake



By Sasha McCallum




Copyright © 2017 Sasha McCallum
Smashwords Edition


Smashwords License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this ebook, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.


Table of Contents
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
About the Author
Other titles by Sasha McCallum
Connect with Sasha McCallum


Part 1

Her mother’s face was pale and drawn in the Skype window, her expression somehow both worried and guarded. Lauren herself had made an effort to look more presentable for the weekly call, applying make-up, fixing her hair and clothing and pushing her tone to be less mechanical without seeming forcibly cheery. Her mother was a smart woman and she knew Lauren well.
"I am glad you are painting again," she said, not looking particularly glad at all. "It's good therapy." She sounded helpless, hopeless and another twist of guilt hit Lauren full force. She did not like doing this to her, but it was necessary.
"You look terrible, Ma. You look worse than I feel."
"No. I am okay, I worry about you out there in the back of beyond by yourself, that's all." 
Lauren knew. She knew the only reason her mother wasn't here now was because her father had convinced her that what Lauren needed were time and space. She was grateful to him for that.
"I just want to paint. There are things I need to work through," Lauren filled in the silence with unnecessary words.
"I know," her mother responded with a momentary expression of pain before she managed to wipe it away. "You have the heart of an artist, you should never have stopped." An apologetic glance then; she was uncomfortable telling Lauren what she should or should not have done.
"Ma, listen. Don't give anyone else my address, okay? I really need to be left alone for a while. No doubt you will be asked questions."
"Leave it to me," her mother nodded slowly. "Lauren..." she looked like a lost puppy, "...stay warm," she finished awkwardly.
Lauren felt like crying, she struggled to maintain an appropriate outward demeanor.
"I will. I love you, Ma."

Lauren had been awake for three days. It was four o'clock in morning and she had abandoned her work for the night, having painted solidly for the past 12 hours. She sat in the back porch with the lights off and watched the storm flashing over the lake. It was a rough night, the roughest she'd ever seen here. She enjoyed the tiny dots of color circling in her peripheral vision, the effect of being awake too long. A contented smile played at the corners of her mouth. She would make this last as long as possible. No sleep for the wicked. 
But her head lolled on the back of her chair and she dropped off. She knew it had happened when she woke with a start to a clap of thunder. It was still dark and she still felt delirious so she can't have been out for very long. Something caught her eye; in a flash of light over the lake she spotted a dark figure near the water’s edge.
She felt a surge of fear when she first saw it, perhaps because she hadn't quite regained full consciousness after her mini nap and she briefly wondered if she were still dreaming. Or hallucinating. It struck her though that it didn't really matter. As she watched, her fear was replaced by calm, simple curiosity. 
Now she knew where it was she could discern the figure without the aid of lightning. A human certainly, battered by the wind, with loose material billowing violently around it. Lauren watched in silent fascination until the time came when she was both sure it wasn't a hallucination and that the person may be in need of assistance. Far be it from her to interfere with someone's 4am bout of eccentricity but a part of her was overly curious. Maybe she wanted to get in on it herself, she was at that stage of her prolonged wakefulness. She exited the enclosed porch via the ranch slider and raised her head to the angry, wet sky. Yes, she thought, a good night to be alive. A living night if ever there was one. She made her way slowly down the path toward the water line, delighting in the swirling raindrops, wind and darkness around her. Perhaps she would get lost in it, or walk right into the water and never come out again. The wistful smile played at her mouth and she squinted her eyes against the weather. 
She searched and dimly picked out the figure still standing in the same place at the water’s edge. She stopped and observed it from the closer distance. The billowing darkness was a long skirt and long, loose hair. Wild, Lauren thought. A wild woman; untamed. As she watched the figure dropped to the ground, somewhat surprising her with its sudden movement. Perhaps she had passed out, or died. She searched the surrounding forest and edges of the lake for any possible companions but found none. 
Lauren made her way closer and stood over her, slightly concerned. The woman lay on her back, eyes open, narrowed at the sky. She was obviously conscious.  When she saw Lauren a flicker of surprise entered her eyes, then returned to the darkness above her without further reaction. Maybe she was prone to hallucinations as well, Lauren pondered and lay down on her back beside her trying to figure out what was so interesting about the overhead view. 
Ah, yes. It was quite stunning, drops slewing towards them it was very much like being on a powerful drug. In fact, she thought, perhaps the woman was on drugs. It would explain a lot. Lauren herself was not, she was so far into her sleep deprived state she didn't need them.
Her clothes were soaked through and she was getting cold fast. She turned her head, stole a glance at the woman who lay beside her. She must be freezing, Lauren began to worry. Where was she from? What was she doing this for? Was she trying to kill herself? Under the circumstances, hypothermia was a very real possibility. Lauren decided to try to help. She rose and looked at the woman. 
"You cannot stay there like that," she said, raising her voice above the wild weather. "Come up to the house with me. I'll give you something dry to put on." The woman peered up at her; she appeared to be considering the offer. She got up and followed Lauren back to the house in silence.
The house was not visible from the lake, but Lauren knew her way well. She switched the lights on when they were inside the porch and turned to study the woman properly. She was beautiful, long, black hair, messy and clinging to her rain slicked skin. Her eyes were a deep blue and her skin was alabaster. She was Lauren's height and she guessed around the same age. She peered at Lauren almost completely expressionless and without saying anything. Was she on something? Lauren looked closely at her pupils, they seemed normal. More normal than Lauren's did, probably. 
"What's your name?" she asked. "Is anyone else out there?" She would prefer not to talk but certain things demanded answers. The woman continued to look into Lauren's eyes in silence. "Do you speak English?" Silence. "Do you speak?"
Lauren frowned at her, but it was probably just as well she didn't speak. Lauren was in no mood to have a conversation and attempt to get to know a stranger tonight anyway. She reached out and touched her arm. The raven-haired woman flinched just slightly but made no other reaction. Her eyes appeared intelligent enough but who really knew.
"You are frozen. Come with me." 
Lauren led her into her en suite bathroom and gave her towels, turned the shower on for her. She didn't want a case of hypothermia on her hands. The woman understood, she began undressing before Lauren had even shut the door behind her. 
She put the kettle on and checked the Glock 19 in its kitchen drawer was loaded and ready. The woman seemed to be more afraid of Lauren than any kind of threat but it was better to be safe. She felt a tiny hysteria rising within her. The woman was afraid of her? She giggled to herself, then quickly sobered when it hit her that she didn't want to be feared. She wasn't a bad person. Not too bad, anyway. Her current sleep deprived state did not allow for strangers with unknown issues entering into the picture and complicating matters. 
She sat down and peered at the storm raging outside but she nodded off slightly again. Within minutes she came to and went to her bedroom to get some dry clothes for the stranger and for herself. The shower was off, steam still wafting from the bathroom, but the woman was curled up on Lauren's bed, asleep. And stark naked. Lauren was a little shocked. 
Make yourself at home, please... She peered down at the sleeping stranger, noting her perfect figure when something caught her eye. A closer inspection revealed deep, old scars down the length of each of her arms. Fuck. Not wanting to linger creepily above her naked form she covered her up with a quilt and left the room. 
She activated the house alarm system, retreated into her studio and began painting. She felt very inspired, the ideal combination of sleep deficit and an unexpected encounter with a beautiful and clearly damaged stranger. 

*
 
When she woke she was lying on her back on the floor of her studio. She must have passed out from sheer exhaustion at some point. She sat up slowly and saw in a panic that the stranger from last night was in her room, standing in front of the canvas she'd been working on.
It was herself, lying on Lauren's bed, splendidly naked. Lauren was immediately uneasy with her looking at it. Aside from general discomfort in someone observing her mind-baby, this painting was not innocent at all. It was a dazzling depiction of the stranger’s beauty, she had to admire that looking at it now in the light of day and with a slightly clearer head. The unfortunate part was that the scars she had observed before she'd left her last night were open wounds. Blood dripped from them and stained the sheets beneath her. Behind her physical perfection the woman had a bluish hue. The painting was of a dead person. The scene was chilling and she felt unbelievably ashamed of herself as she watched the woman in front of it. She shouldn't be in here, Lauren thought, she shouldn't be seeing that. Or any of these pictures. But Lauren was paralyzed. She waited for the woman to do something. She couldn't see her face, she had her back to her. 
When she turned around and came to crouch on the floor next to Lauren, her expression was not pained or disgusted as Lauren had expected; it was of interest, even respect. They regarded each other. The stranger appeared concerned then, she looked Lauren up and down as she sat on the floor.
"You're covered in paint," she said. She was American. Her voice was smooth and luxurious; Lauren stared. The woman stood and held out a hand to help her up.
"You can speak then," Lauren said pointlessly as she stood without accepting assistance. She stretched her sore body and the woman watched. "I am sorry you saw that," she gestured to the canvas.
"Why? It's stunning; you should finish it. What was and what could have been. I hope you don't mind, I borrowed some dry clothes."
Her feet were bare and she wore a pair of Lauren's jeans and a long sleeve shirt that clung to her curves. Lauren checked her watch to distract herself.
"Damn it!" she exclaimed angrily. "I've slept for too long." It was after 4 pm.
"What happened to your toe?"
"What?" Lauren asked in confusion then bent down to inspect her own foot. "I must have knocked it on something."
"It looks painful. Maybe it's broken."
"It's fine. I can't even feel it," she said, poking at it. She headed to the kitchen, the stranger in tow. She did not seem in any hurry to leave or to explain herself. Lauren put the kettle on and observed her as she sat at a bar stool. "May I ask you some questions now?"
"You're a very talented painter," she said simply. "I didn't realize."
Lauren frowned, not sure how to respond.
"Who are you?" she asked, only half expecting a straight answer.
"My name is Madeline Key. Thanks for helping me last night."
"Did you need help?"
"Perhaps..." She smiled mysteriously. "Or perhaps you needed help."
A riddle teller. Figures.
"What were you doing there? Do you live in one of the cabins on the lake?"
"No. I was driving. I ran out of gas west of here, along Highway 108."
"It doesn't explain why you were lying out in the middle of a storm," Lauren said warily. "Are you suicidal?"
"No. Are you?"
Her immediate thought was to deny this fervently but when she dug, death wasn't a prospect that particularly scared or repelled her. She stayed silent and made tea.
"What if I said I came here to find you? The tortured artist," Madeline said.
"I would suspect you of being a con artist."
"Hmm." The woman looked around the kitchen. "Do you ever eat?"
"No." Lauren sat down. "Drink your tea. Then I'll take you back to your car."
"It's out of gas."
"Yes, I heard you. I have gas."
"Okay." She looked crestfallen then she came over to Lauren. She stood in front of her, reached out and touched her face. "You are ...not what I expected at all. Why are you out here all alone?"
Lauren grimaced and pushed her hand away.
"I'm here to work," she replied. The woman saddened again and Lauren felt bad for being unfriendly. "Why wouldn't you speak to me last night?"
"I was very tired and slightly delirious, I didn't know if you were real or if you posed a threat."
"Yet you seemed relaxed enough to fall asleep in my bed. Naked."
She chuckled at this, but not with embarrassment.
"I suppose deep down I knew you were harmless," she said. "If you hadn't fetched me, I might have fallen asleep out there. I might be dead."
"Yes." The conversation was going in circles. "Should I be worried about you? Should I call someone?"
"No. I'm safe now. I've found you."
"You still don't know who I am," Lauren said, starting to question the woman's sanity.
"Yes. Yes, I do. You're Lauren Beaumont. You're a good person, but you have demons which won't leave you alone." 
Lauren thought about this. The demons must have been obvious from her paintings and the woman would have seen her name on something around the house. 
"What kind of tea is this?" she asked, frowning.
"Green tea with lemongrass."
"What are you, a health nut or something?" She made a face.
"No, I just like it."
"Jesus." She put her head in her hand heavily. "Don't you have any coffee?"
Lauren had to stifle a laugh.
"You are pretty demanding for an unexpected guest," she said. "I'm weirded out you saw my paintings. You were not supposed to. No one's seen them. I shouldn't have portrayed you like that."
"It's okay, I know you don't mean me any injury." She paused looking thoughtful. "When did you start painting? And why?"
"Nine months, maybe. It was necessary."
"You never painted before that?"
"Not since college."
"You need inspiration. Some of them lack direction."
Lauren looked at her in surprise. The nerve, she thought, but was charmed nonetheless; the woman was quite fascinating.
"The one you did of me was better. Would you like me to pose for you?"
"I don't really work like that."
"Maybe you should."
"Why would you do that? Doesn't my style disgust you?"
"Yes. But you're brilliant. With the right inspiration you could bring the demons to the surface quicker."
"What makes you think I'm in a rush?"
"You don't sleep, you don't eat. If you continue on that path, you're the one who will be killing yourself."
"How do you know all this?"
"I have eyes. A brain too, believe it or not."
"Okay, fair enough."
"Also, I'm a witch. I saw you in my crystal ball." 
Lauren chuckled but the woman actually struck her as looking exactly how a witch might.
"Do witches use crystal balls?"
"You shouldn't be living here alone," she said, ignoring the question. "There are creatures in these forests."
"What kind of creatures?" Lauren didn't think she meant the usual wildlife.
"I could show you," she smiled mystically.
"Look," Lauren turned away. "I need to have a shower and then I'll take you to your car. Why don't you make yourself something to eat? There's food there, and, yes, coffee as well. Help yourself." She got up and glanced suspiciously at the woman. But she wasn't getting any negative vibes from her; on the contrary, she felt unexpectedly easy with her presence.
She took a long shower and dressed warmly. Madeline Key, she thought. What an odd woman. No worse than me though.
When she came into the kitchen a tempting scent hit her nose. Madeline had made her an omelet. She tasted it. It was perfect. Cheese and cherry tomato and other things she couldn't put a finger on and was too embarrassed to ask about. She ate it self-consciously as Madeline cleaned up and loaded the dish-washer. She kept stealing glances at Lauren and appeared pleased by her appetite.
"You know," she said nervously, "you don't need to deprive yourself of basic needs in order to produce good art."
"What do you know about it?" Lauren said defensively. "Sorry. Are you an artist or something?"
"I told you, I'm a witch."
"Right." She finished. "Thank you. That was delicious. So, where is home?"
"A complicated question. Do you mind if I don't answer it?"
"No. You don't owe me anything. You've answered more questions that I expected, considering what you were like last night." She smiled to herself.
"You really needed to eat, huh? You have the smile of an angel, you should do it more often."
She waved dismissively and wiped the smile from her face. 
"Are you ready to go?"
They climbed into her car and headed south-west on Highway 108.
"How far is it?"
"I'm not sure. I was walking for quite a long time last night."
"You're crazy. Didn't you know where you were going? Don't you have a phone?" Cell phone reception around these areas was spotty at best though, she thought to herself. "It's risky behavior."
"I knew you'd come rescue me," she chuckled. "Anyway, you don't exactly take care of yourself either."
"I suppose I deserve that."
"This is it," she said, pleased. They pulled up behind a late model black BMW parked carelessly on the roadside. "I'm a little surprised it's still here. And undamaged," she said, surveying the vehicle.
"Sounds like you were expecting to be stuck out here without it."
"Maybe I was."
Lauren popped the trunk and exited the car, as did her companion.
"You have your keys, right?" she asked as she reached for the petrol container.
"Yes, I need to get something from it. I was so tired last night, I left everything." She appeared hesitant to approach the car closely and Lauren frowned in confusion. What was she ranting about? Get something?
"This much gas will get you to Gilford, about ten miles up. There's a station there."
"I can't leave," she said in panic and clutched at Lauren's arm. 
"Why not?" Lauren questioned her frantic, cerulean eyes. "Something's wrong. Are you in trouble?"
"No. Sort of," she stuttered and Lauren sighed.
"Okay..." Lauren wasn't sure what to make of her and watched in silence as she unlocked the car, and shuffled around in the back. She withdrew a bag and came back to stand in front of Lauren as she waited by the side of the BMW.
She gave Lauren a long, lingering look.
"I can't leave," she repeated and Lauren furrowed her brow. "I was drawn here. Let me stay with you, just for a couple of days until I figure out what's going on."
"Have you done something wrong?" Lauren asked, eyes narrowed.
"No," she said quietly. "I'm trying to do something right."
"Could you pop the petrol cap, please?" She did so and Lauren contemplated the situation while she emptied the container. "We don't know each other, don't you want to find a lodge or motel or something?" she asked, though she couldn't think of any short term accommodations in the immediate vicinity. 
"No. I'll stay out of your way. And... You could paint me more if you wanted. I won't hurt you." She seemed so fraught and Lauren thought again of the wicked scars on her arms.
"It's not me I'm worried about you hurting..." she said and studied the woman. She still had Lauren's clothes on and she had probably left her own behind. She didn't particularly care about the clothes but...
What harm could it do? Just a couple of days. And she could use the inspiration, the woman was interesting. Lauren bet she had a story to tell; several probably. She would have to be on her guard though. 
"Alright," she caved. "Two nights." And she was given a wide smile from Madeline. "You will have to bring the car back. You're right, it shouldn't be left on the road any longer than necessary."
Madeline followed her back to the house and Lauren began to second-guess whether she had made the right decision allowing her to stay. She would lay down a few ground rules when they got back, she thought. 
"I don't know what you're going to do while you are here," she said, deactivating the alarm.
"I don't need to be entertained," Madeline replied. She had two bags with her. "I have money if you're worried about keeping me." 
"That is the very last thing I'm worried about, believe me. Okay, well…" She led her to the guest room. "Upstairs bathroom just there. This is good for you?"
"Great."
"You can find your way around everything like you did with the kitchen. Put your clothes through the wash. I suppose I don't have to tell you this but I don't want you having any other visitors while you're here. It will upset my baseline. People piss me off right now." She almost added it was bad enough having Madeline there but held her tongue. "I would prefer it if you don't tell anyone where you are, if someone is going to come looking for you …causing drama…" She couldn't quite formulate her meaning properly but Madeline seemed to understand what she was getting at. She nodded in agreement.
"Thank you, Lauren."
She retreated back to her porch to drink coffee and smoke. She did not want to sleep tonight, she needed to get her deprivation status back. When she observed her work from the early hours of the morning she was pleased. Madeline was right, it was stunning. Possibly her best yet. It needed to be finished. 
For the next 24 hours Madeline was as good as her word and remained very much to herself. Lauren wasn't trying to keep tabs on her but nor did she totally trust the woman. It seemed she split her time between walking the paths in the forest and around the lake and burying her head in her lap top. Lauren couldn't help wondering what she was doing on it, but she wasn't going to ask. She felt boundaries were important under the unusual circumstances and if she didn't want Madeline to encroach on her privacy she needed to give her hers. In any case she seemed content and Lauren began to calm significantly at her non-intrusive presence. If she were to be completely honest with herself, it was almost pleasant to have someone else in the house, which was a revelation. But Madeline wasn't an interfering friend or family member, she was a stranger; and yet, Lauren's suspicion melted away surprisingly quickly.
Well into her 36th hour awake she was in her studio working and was feeling good. A light knock on the door startled her before she remembered her guest.
"Yes?" she called out and the door was opened.
"Am I forbidden entry to this room?" Madeline asked her tentatively.
"You have seen them now, not much point in hiding." Lauren beckoned to say it was okay for her to come in. She studied the canvas with interest. "What's up? Are you ready to go home?"
"You haven't asked me to model for you yet," she said.
"It's okay," Lauren said easily, "you don't need to."
"I want to."
"Why?"
"We haven't talked properly. It will give me a chance to talk to you. There must be questions you want to ask."
"Are you not concerned about boundaries?"
"Me?" she laughed. "No, I understand that's more your domain."
A thought occurred to Lauren as she brushed against her canvas and contemplated the possibility of Madeline posing for her. She had been formulating an idea for the past few days and was heading into the Post Office to pick up a package she would be using for it. A large, ancient mirror. If Madeline sat for her, her ideas might flow better. She could turn out with something great.
"Lauren. Hello?" Madeline waved a hand in front of her face. "You okay?"
"Don't you have to leave? Go home? You must belong somewhere." Lauren observed her.
"I can't leave. It was all perfectly timed so that I ended up here."
"If you're in some kind of trouble, maybe I can help."
"You are helping."
Lauren shook her head in confusion.
"I don't understand at all but whatever. It hasn't proved terrible so far so you can stay a bit longer, if it's what you want."
"I want to pose for you."
"Maybe you could sit for me." Lauren turned back to her canvas. "There is an idea that you might fit."
"Excellent. When?"
"Don't get overexcited. Do you have any clue how boring it is modelling? Tonight, if that's okay. I have to go into town and pick up a few things."
"May I come with you? You have a pretty good supply of food for someone who never eats but you're still missing some important stuff. I'll make you something, I know you haven't eaten anything but fruit in over 12 hours. Look at you, you're wasting away."
Lauren started grumbling something about her mother under her breath and Madeline, apparently having achieved her goal, left the studio. 

*

For reasons Lauren couldn't grasp Madeline insisted on driving her into town and then cooking for her later that night. It was delicious but heavy and Lauren ate very little. She noticed Madeline eyeing her while she ate slowly and finally gave up. Lauren gave her an apologetic look.
"It is really good, I just can't fit any more in," she said.
"Not surprising," Madeline said casually, apparently unoffended by her inability to finish the meal. "Your stomach is probably shrunken. That's what happens when you live on oranges. You had plenty of food here, why not eat it?"
"That was courtesy of my parents. They had a bunch of stuff delivered."
"Do they live around here?"
"No. New York."
After dinner they retreated together into Lauren's studio. Lauren went to bring the enormous mirror in and when she got back Madeline had taken off her shirt and was unhooking her bra.
"Ah, you don't have to do that." Lauren said, embarrassed. Had she really just assumed Lauren wanted her to model naked? What must she think of me? "This isn't meant to be nude."
"No?" She almost looked disappointed.
"Sorry to disappoint. You are not shy, are you? You can put this on." She handed her a white dress and went about adjusting the light in the room and placing the mirror correctly. She stepped back and observed the set-up from her easel. Madeline sat on a velvet chair in front of the mirror, awaiting further instruction.
"I am only going to start out doing some sketches. It is non-directional so you can move around, do whatever you feel comfortable with. If I see something I like I might ask you to stay where you are, or move you slightly, etc., etc. Is that okay?"
Lauren started her sketches. It was remarkable what she was capable of with a live model in front of her, especially one that looked like Madeline. She still felt a little insecure about using her for something that would probably end up being macabre. But Madeline had been adamant she wanted to do it, so...
"Your accent, where is it from?" she asked Lauren.
Oh right, the conversation part. Almost forgot.
"Originally... Belgium."
"How long have you been living here?" 
"We moved to New York when I was thirteen."
"I mean, how long have you been here?"
"Around three months."
"How old are you?"
"27."
"You must have had a life before this. You changed it, came here to paint, uprooted yourself."
"Yes," Lauren said needlessly. Madeline did not phrase it as a question. "I like it here."
"What were you before?"
"I was in advertising," Lauren hesitated, but the communication was not inhibiting her imagination and she wanted to ask Madeline questions of her own when the time came. "Engaged to a musician. Superficial, wrapped up in image, shoes, fashion. Ugly. I woke up."
"Or were woken up..." Madeline said suggestively and Lauren ignored her. "You don't intend on returning to your old life, do you?"
"I couldn't," she replied blandly. "I've recognized my faults. There is no way back."  
"You hate the person you used to be."
"You are very confident in your judgments. But I'm not fond of the person I am now either, so..." Lauren went over and adjusted the position of her arms, tilted her face more towards the mirror. "How old are you and where did you come from?"
"A year older than you. I only look younger because you never sleep. I drove here from Chicago."
"That is a long way to drive. Are you running away from something?"
"More like running toward something." 
"You said you were a witch. What do you mean by that?"
"I saw you before I met you," she said. She held her position but appeared to tense up when she said this, as if bracing herself against Lauren's reaction. Lauren raised her eye brows in question. "I didn't see you, you. It was someone with two people inside of them, jammed together and warring with each other. This person was being ripped apart from the inside out." Lauren stopped sketching and stared at her and Madeline continued. "I didn't know if you were old or young, male or female, what kind of circumstances I would find you in. I didn't know exactly what significance you would have, only that I needed to find you, that you were important. I've learned not to ignore feelings like that. I spent most of my life being told I should ignore them and believing it. It didn't work out well."
"How did this image come to you? In a dream? Or were you serious about the crystal ball?"
"No. It couldn't really be described as an image. They're feelings, flashes, day dreams; sensations beyond the understanding of someone who hasn't experienced it. Beyond my understanding even. A sureness, a certainty that I can be of use and a pull in a firm direction."
"What do you mean, two people inside?" Lauren asked and flicked to a new page. "Do you mean like one good and one bad?"
"No," she said gingerly. "Two conflicting characters, each equipped with their own good and evil. Sometimes one feels more acceptable to you, sometimes the other. Neither will ever quite win out because ...you don't really like either of them. You feel an innate need to contradict yourself so you play them off against each other constantly."
That is fucking uncanny.
"And how do you know this person was me?"
"It’s here," Madeline said and gestured around the room, "and here," she put her hand on her chest briefly, "and there," she pointed at Lauren. "I can see it in your eyes. You're confused, but you know exactly what I'm talking about."
"You believe this stuff?"
"I believe that your true creativity will only be revealed if you learn to accept the apparently unreal."
Was Madeline proposing they enter a shared fantasy world, Lauren wondered. It was an interesting idea. Maybe it would be easier, I wouldn't have to stay awake so long to get myself in an altered state. An unsettling idea occurred to her.
"Did my mother send you here?" she asked.
"No." Madeline seemed surprised by the question. "Why? Does your mother know your head is a war-zone?"
"Well ...no. I doubt she would use those words." It was true, her mother couldn't have informed Madeline about things she didn't know herself. And why would she send a complete stranger who may or may not be unbalanced herself to help Lauren? It would never happen. "So, you think I have split personality."
Madeline laughed.
"I do not. I don't see things in terms of definable psychiatric disorders. Besides, what's happening with you is different. There is no sign of dissociation, both of your war parties are ever present in your consciousness. For better or worse. It's not surprising you feel the need for solitude, with all that relentless activity going on inside your head."
She certainly seemed to have an understanding of Lauren which went way beyond what she could have picked up on by simple observation and by deconstructing her art.
"You are very ..." Lauren began.
"Right?"
"Strange. And you came here to what, help me integrate these two identities?"
"No, you'll never be able to do that."
"I'm missing something. Why did you feel the need to find me?"
"It's hard to explain." She looked a lot like she just didn't want to. "I saw what might happen to you, saw that it was not just awful but also preventable. You are loved. And you're important; for now and for the future."
"You mean, the paintings?"
"It isn't just the paintings," she said awkwardly. "It's you. Don't ask me to try and explain it, I don't think I can."
"What about the creatures in the woods? I run and walk along the paths and lake often and I've never seen anything. Even at night."
"You shouldn't go out there alone at night."
"You were there alone."
"How long have you been awake?"
"I don't know."
"Liar. Are you having micro naps yet?"
"Not at present. Consider me riveted."
"I'll take you into the forest after this, if you want. I'll show them to you."
"Why would you do that? If they are so dangerous?"
"They're not dangerous to me. I know what they really are. Like I know what you are"
"Could you turn back towards the mirror a bit? ...Thank you. Tell me about the scars on your arms."
Madeline blinked her eyes twice.
"If you are uncomfortable with the question you can say." She clearly wasn't completely comfortable with it, but she did seem to want to tell Lauren. Perhaps she felt it would help Lauren with her work. "You shouldn't answer just to stimulate my creativity -that idea is quite unpleasant."
"It isn't that. I want to tell you, but I think you should keep an open mind."
"Has anything I've done so far given you an indication I am narrow minded?"
"Not really," she said with a slight smile. She studied Lauren for a moment in silence, then turned her head back toward the mirror. "I don't get feelings like the one I had about you very often. I hadn't had one in over a year before this and it wasn’t nearly as strong. The first noticeable one came when I was six years old. There wasn't much I could do about it at that age except tell my parents, but it had me so nervous I went overboard trying to convince them -they got the idea that I was developing abnormal tendencies. They began brainwashing me against it. By the time I was twelve I was repressing my feelings habitually. By 16, I knew how wrong everyone was. I had seen evidence that my ideas were real. I'd seen that if I had acted on them I could have prevented terrible things, or influenced wonderful ones. I was torn, I had no confidence in myself either way I looked at the situation. I decided I wanted to die, so I tried," she finished abruptly and silence ensued.
"You've had them since you were 16? They must have been deep, how did you survive it?" 
"Barely. I was found unconscious and was hospitalized. I was given a psychiatric assessment, blood transfusions and my wounds were stapled not stitched. Probably why the scars are so bad. For a long time after I was ashamed of them, not so much that I had tried, but that I had failed. Eventually I learned to accept my mistakes, all of them. I'm not ashamed of them anymore, I think it's important to remember what happens to me when I allow others to dictate my behavior; when I don't listen to my feelings. Listening to them has brought me great happiness."
"'Nothing thicker than a knife’s blade separates melancholy from happiness,'" Lauren offered.
Madeline glanced at her in surprise.
"An apt quote," she said grimly. "You think I'm crazy?"
"Crazy? I have no reason to think such a thing ...yet. Many of the things you say carry importance. You are unusual, I'll give you that, but regular people can't hold my fascination for long. You've sparked my imagination. I'm excited about doing you in oils. I have not been so excited for... I don't know how long."
"I guess I better stay for a while then." There was light in her eyes.
"No pressure," Lauren said quickly. "I didn't mean to imply that."
"I'll stay here as long as you'll allow me."
"To what end?" Lauren had a vaguely troubling sensation.
"I can't see that far." 
She was lying, Lauren could tell. Her earlier implications were quite explicit.
"I'll die, won't I?" she said, taking a chance.
"We all die," Madeline said looking at her strangely.
"Soon. I'll die soon. You plan to stay until I die."
"Do you want to die soon?"
"I thought it would happen. You must understand, having seen what you have seen. I've been living on borrowed time for a while."
"Maybe. Maybe not. Things have changed now."
Lauren was out of her depth, suddenly she felt very tired and confused. She didn't know where the conversation was going and figured she would only get riddles if she asked any more questions so she lapsed into silence and concentrated on her page.
"What's it like? Your mother country?" Madeline asked her after a prolonged hush.
"I barely know it anymore, I've only been back twice since we moved away. For my grandparents' funerals. Belgium is... I prefer it here."
"Why?" she asked and Lauren frowned into her sketch.
"In my opinion," she began, trying to be diplomatic. "In my opinion, Belgium is a socially divided, politically tangled country. The landscape is uninteresting, the cities are overcrowded and the people are uptight and temperamental."
Madeline raised her eyebrows in amusement.
"You don't think America is socially divided?"
"It is different. The divisions are blurred, people mix, cross-over, everywhere and in every way; they find common threads even when they can hardly communicate. In Belgium the French and Dutch cultures do not attempt to integrate, it is their differences which are recognizable, not their similarities. They keep their institutions separate, they feel no need to fully merge."
"But it must have been strange moving to America so young," she said. She was clearly trying to get Lauren to talk about herself and was probably confused by her apparent unwillingness to do so.
"Not at all," Lauren said. "I liked New York. My English was decent and I had few problems adjusting to the cultural differences. I missed my grandparents, that was all."
"You were close, huh? What were they like?"
"Ah," Lauren smiled at the thought. "They were immensely wealthy, they were partners in the running of a pharmaceutical company my great grandfather started. But they were not selfish people, they gave a lot to charities. I was their only grandchild, they showered me with love. They came over to visit us as often as possible."
"Why did you leave Belgium?"
"A long story." One which Lauren did not want to go into. "My parents hated Europe, wanted to get as far away as possible. Don't ask me why, that would be their story to tell. Their dislike has passed to me. Now that my grandparents are gone, I have no interest in ever going back." 

 *

Lauren cut the session off fairly early that night; since it was Madeline's first time sitting for her she wanted to give her the opportunity to opt out and leave before she started any paintings. She would probably start one without Madeline, based on the sketches she had done, some of which had potential. 
Madeline offered to go with her into the woods again. It was after midnight and Lauren thought it odd and felt deep down that there was something wrong. She couldn't put her finger on what it was though, and she didn't particularly want to miss an opportunity to witness more of Madeline's peculiarity so she agreed. The night was clear and starry but cold; they dressed warmly.
Madeline led her along a path she had never taken before; headed deep into the forest to the north of the lake. Lauren's head started to spin not far in and she cursed herself for agreeing the excursion. Despite the chill in the air, she began to sweat. Her mind crowded with paranoid, delusional thoughts. Madeline could kill her out here and no one would know. She became convinced that was why they were there. 
"I think that I felt safer along the paths at night on my own," she said breathlessly. "How do you plan on killing me? Is it going to be painful?" She was only half joking.
Madeline, slightly ahead, turned around and approached. She stood in front of her and Lauren, stared, wide-eyed at her dark outline.
"I'm not going to hurt you. I'm trying to help you," she said and reached out her hand to touch Lauren's face. In the darkness her expression was impossible to characterize. Lauren swallowed. Why is she always touching me?
"I don't feel so well," she said. "I think we better go back."
"Just a little further," Madeline insisted and turned back to the path. 
As they pressed on flashes of brightness in the trees to her right caught Lauren's peripheral vision. Shit. I shouldn't have agreed to this. Then more flashes. They were difficult to pinpoint, as soon as one appeared in the dim star light, it disappeared behind a tree or shrub. She was hallucinating. She had to go back, with or without Madeline.
"Don't be afraid," Madeline whispered. She had materialized close to Lauren again.
"I'm hallucinating. I shouldn't have come, I must go back now," Lauren said weakly and the forest seemed to spin around her. There was no way that Madeline could see the flashes as well, she was being manipulated. Her state was far too suggestible. And anyway, hadn't Madeline already warned her that the creatures in the forest were dangerous? Lauren peered into the darkness. She was questioning her own sanity at that point as well as Madeline's. As if to prove her right, a flash came forward and pressed against her. She felt as if she was choking, her fear was complete. For a fraction of a second she believed Madeline's words -these things were going to destroy her, but Madeline's presence wouldn't stop them. She was a child again; the forest whirled and the darkness overtook her. She lapsed out of consciousness and crumpled to the ground.

Part 2

She stumbled through the trees. She seemed to have entered a much thicker area of the woods than she ever had before, the star and moonlight were not reaching through the canopy above and she could barely see the tree trunks and shrubbery outlined in the darkness. Her own footfalls along the forest floor made no sound, but there was rustling around her; the crunch of a dry leaf, the snap of a twig. There were other things here. She was terrified; these things were white and toothy, and appeared to have their own light to shed. They were humanoid, but taller, thinner; they taunted her, approaching her from every angle as she moved through the trees. As soon as one got close enough to scare her, it backed away. She was not on any path, she headed in no direction. She was alone with the creatures. She kept moving out of fear, not logic. There was nothing rational here, she was in trouble; in Hell.

 When Lauren woke up she felt terrible. Her throat was sore and she was dizzy but she was in her bed. She sat up quickly and her head throbbed.
"Lie down," a voice said next to her. Madeline sat at her bedside. "You'll be okay."
"Did you see them?" Her voice sounded strained and high, even to herself. Her ears were ringing, she could hear the blood drumming inside them.
"See who?" Madeline looked at her, expression worried.
"The things that were chasing me." It hurt to talk, she rasped.
"What did they look like?"
"Don't you know?" Lauren's confusion was palpable. "You're the one that told me about them… They were pale. Big teeth and no eyes."
"It was just a bad dream. You're safe."
"We were in the woods," Lauren said, her thoughts jumbled. "How did I get back here?"
"You walked. With a little help from me. Drink this."
"What happened?" She sipped at the glass of water but it was hard to swallow, her whole neck hurt.
"You fainted. You've run yourself to the ground. Too little sleep, not enough food. It was going to happen eventually. Better sooner rather than later." Her honesty was harsh but her voice was not unkind.
"I don't feel well."
"No. You have a fever. You've been unconscious for six hours. What you've been doing is dangerous. It's probably just flu but even that can kill people. You could have collapsed out there while you were alone. There are easier ways to kill yourself, Lauren. But I know you don't really want to do that."
Her skin was clammy, her face flushed; fear lurked menacingly in her clouded mind. She felt tears forming in her eyes. Madeline placed a cool cloth on her forehead. 
"It's alright," she tried to comfort Lauren. "You're going to be okay. Try to relax, you need sleep."
It was two days before her fever eased. She stayed in bed for the most part, always on the verge of delirium and worried about Madeline having free-range in her house. But Madeline stayed close to her, fed her medications, fluids and small, warm meals. She was grateful for her care so she followed her instruction without argument and slowly began to feel more clear headed.
"Is everything alright with the house?" she asked awkwardly one day. Her paranoia over Madeline had diminished significantly.
"The house is fine. Don't worry, I haven't been in your studio and I haven't stolen anything," Madeline said with a smile and Lauren wondered if part of her witchery involved mind-reading.
"I haven't been sick like this in years," she told her. "I'm not used to it."
"You have a strong constitution. But you pushed it too far, I hope you're going to start taking better care of yourself now."
"Yes. I don't like being in this position," she confessed. "Thank you for your help."
"You allowed me into your home, it's the least I could do.  How is your toe?"
"My..." Lauren was momentarily confused before she remembered and managed a small smile. "What is your obsession with my toe?" she asked.
"It was swollen and almost purple. If you need a doctor... Can you show it to me, please?"
Lauren pushed the duvet down, withdrew her foot and Madeline studied it closely.
"Wow, almost back to normal." Madeline seemed impressed and Lauren tucked her leg back under the covers.
"I told you. The damn toe is the least of my worries," Lauren said and coughed painfully. 
 On the fifth night she awoke to feel a body lying beside her and a hand on her shoulder. She jerked her head around to see Madeline close. She did not get up or even shift her arm from Lauren.
"What the..." Lauren said in confusion.
"You were having a nightmare, yelling and thrashing around," Madeline explained. "The same thing I've heard you do every time you try to sleep since I arrived. I couldn't leave you tonight, and you settled when I came. I want to stay, you need to sleep properly. You'll recover faster."
"This is weird..." Lauren went to push Madeline's hand off her so she could move but Madeline held tight.
"Calm down," she said quietly. "This is innocent." She brought her hand up and stroked Lauren's cheek. "Just let me lie with you. You'll sleep better if I'm here, I would never hurt you."
"You will catch my flu."
"Your fever's broken, you're not infectious anymore. Besides, my immune system is healthy. And I can't sleep either if you keep yelling the way you were."
Lauren relaxed back, the hand on her cheek was warm, gentle. Her face was streaked with tears and she was still shaking from her night terror.
"What happened to you to give you nightmares like that?" Madeline asked, her voice quiet. 
"Nothing," Lauren said and closed her eyes. Madeline did not question her further but continued comforting her softly. 
She slept deeply that night. And for the next few nights, as Madeline developed a habit of crawling into bed with her. She became accustomed to it, trusted that no boundaries would be overstepped. Madeline's reasons seemed simple enough, she did not want Lauren suffering her tight terrors; she was there to help. No doubt so she could sleep as well without having to put up with Lauren's noise. Unlike Conner, she appeared to have no trouble providing emotional comfort. It felt close to the way her mother used to treat her when she had childhood nightmares. But Lauren worried that she was getting used to it. Madeline would leave soon, then she would be lost.
A week after she fell ill a different kind of nasty feeling came over Lauren. Madeline was in town and she got up and began cleaning her bathroom. She'd been at it for two hours before Madeline arrived back and came in. She watched Lauren for a full minute and Lauren tried to ignore her.
"What are you doing?" she asked finally.
"What does it look like?" Lauren said mechanically.
"It looks a lot like you're OC-ing." Madeline came and crouched next to her. "What's wrong?"
"Nothing. This room was starting to look dirty."
"You don't seem to mind having a studio in complete disarray."
"Studio's different. It thrives on chaos."
"The room is not dirty, and I think you might be scraping the raw material from those tiles," she observed and put a hand on Lauren's shoulder. "Lauren. Look at me."
Lauren did not interrupt her scrubbing until Madeline actually grabbed the brush from her hand and pulled her chin around to stare into her face.
"Jesus. You're crying."
"I am not," Lauren said defiantly and tried to snatch the brush back off her but she held tight. It made Lauren angry. Why can't she just leave me be... Why does she care? "Why are you doing this?" Lauren asked in irritation. "Why are you helping me?"
"I like you," Madeline replied modestly.
Lauren felt herself start to hyperventilate. There was a lump in her throat and she tried to avoid Madeline's fretful gaze. She was losing it. 
"Nothing can be done," she choked out. "I can't fix it, no one can. It's all so fucking pointless. Why do we even keep bothering?" The tears that had been building started to fall. Madeline pulled her close and talked softly to her.
"Okay," she said. "I don't know what you're talking about but I recognize the state you've brought yourself to. Shhh," she stroked Lauren's hair. "There are a lot of things that can't be fixed. You're torturing yourself."
Lauren cried into her shoulder. Eventually she sniffed and pulled back, wiped her eyes.
"I'm sorry." The episode eased with the knowledge she was hurting Madeline as well as herself. But it will be back, she thought grimly.
"It's okay, I get like that sometimes too. Come and eat dinner," Madeline smiled at her. "If you want to clean again afterward, I'll help you. Yes?"
Lauren nodded and straightened her shoulders. 
Dinner was quiet. Thankfully, Madeline was not pushing her to talk about anything. She was grateful for that. 

*

Another few days and her symptoms had almost completely gone. She was calm, contented, far more so than she had been before.
"You seem very pleased with yourself tonight," Madeline commented one evening as Lauren sat under a blanket in the lounge watching the political forum. "The Prime Minister of New Zealand looks even younger than Canada's," she added, observing the TV screen.
"By nine years. Jacinda Ardern, she's only 37. I think she will do good things for the country, she is not self-involved and she is not stupid. The last female Prime Minister of New Zealand is now a high ranking member of the United Nations. Jacinda Adern's deputy PM is a 79 year old man. The past and the future beautifully entwined."
"She's not bad looking either," Madeline said with a smile. "You seem to like her."
"I like the way things are going in the world when I see younger political leaders coming out. They will do far more about environmental and climate concerns than has been done before. New Zealand has a reputation for being clean and green but their policies have not always backed that up. It may be a small country but it has control in a large area of Antarctica which the rest of the world should be paying attention to. The Arctic is almost gone, Antarctica will be next. The Green Party has a much more active role in the new government, not a bad thing at all."
"Why do you know so much about New Zealand?"
"It's an interesting place," Lauren shrugged. "I follow what it does, what it says, what comes out of it. I like the adverts they make. They appeal to people with humor. At my old company it was always about sex; it became very aggravating after a while. I suppose I idealize the place."
"Have you ever been?"
"No," Lauren smiled. "I watch it from afar. It makes an impression, even at this distance."
"I've heard it's very beautiful, but a lot of places are. Why there, in particular?"
"I think it started with my parents, they wanted to move there originally, but found it was quite difficult to buy your way into New Zealand."
"What was the attraction?"
"They don't have the same problems with trafficking and terrorism as other countries because of their geographical isolation." Lauren was slightly uncomfortable talking about it. "They just seem to get on with their own thing independent of what any other country thinks of them. That's cool."
"I like how you take an interest in politics," Madeline said. "What's your take on Donald Trump?"
"Oh no," Lauren rolled her eyes. "Do you really want to open up that can of worms? I think I died a little inside the day he was voted in."
Madeline laughed.
"Sorry," she said, attempting to straighten her face. "It's not funny at all. It's just the way you said that. It's a relief."
"Good, because I might have to kick you out if you were a supporter." Lauren glanced at Madeline who seemed to be watching her with a smile. "I've noticed you looking at my necklace a lot."
"Yeah. It's quite unusual, where did you get it?"
"My grandmother gave it to me. I don't know where she bought it. Do you like it?"
"It's exquisite."
Lauren unhooked it from her neck and handed it to Madeline.
"It's yours."
"What? Why? I couldn't, no, it's important to you."
"It's not. You like it and I need to say thank you somehow for what you've been doing for me."
"I'm staying in your house. How can you be so generous?" 
"I have a lot of jewelry from my grandmother," Lauren said simply and was pleased to see Madeline fasten the chain around her neck. She continued looking at Lauren though. 
"You're still staring at me. Are you trying to read my mind?"
"No," Madeline chuckled then frowned at her. "The possibility I could read your mind doesn't seem to bother you as much as it might the average person."
"It doesn't really. I'm just trying to figure out what's so interesting about my face."
"You are quite radiant, I hadn't realized how beautiful you were before. You looked like a ghost when I first got here, but you're getting your looks back."
"Thanks," Lauren said with a touch of sarcasm. "So you are admiring your handiwork. I don't pretend to understand what the hell you're doing here but you might have saved my ass."
"It was a worthy ass to save. To be honest, from what I saw before I arrived, I half expected to find a drug addict or an alcoholic or worse. You've got a tough hand to play."
"That is funny because when I first saw you, I considered the possibility that you were on drugs."
"Yeah well, we were both pretty messed up that night. My point is, you were in bad shape but not nearly as bad as you could have been. You are a very resilient person."
"I hope you don't feel you need to stick around to look after me. I am aware of what you've done and grateful but I can take care of myself, you know."
"I don't stay for you, I like being here," Madeline said dreamily, lazing in the chair across from Lauren, her lap top open in front of her. "The atmosphere is so tranquil, I must take advantage of it for as long as possible. There's something about this place that gets to me."
"You've been here more than two weeks. I take it you don't have anyone dependent waiting for you at home..."
Madeline just smiled wistfully.
"You are not married? Engaged? Kids?" Lauren pressed.
"Have you seen a ring on my finger?" Madeline studied her. "You said you were engaged. What was he like?"
"He was okay," Lauren shrugged. "An awesome guitar player, smart, good looking."
"Why did you leave him?"
"I realized I did not want to be married to him. I didn't love him enough."
"What was wrong with him? Bad in bed?" Madeline asked and Lauren eyed her suspiciously.
This is getting a little weird. Lauren ignored the question and turned back to the television. But she was feeling curious, she wanted to know more about Madeline.
"What about other family?" she asked, trying to sound casual. "Parents, siblings?"
"Yes," Madeline said, apparently amused by Lauren's effort to sound uninterested. "I have them. I have an older sister, not biological, we were both adopted and it's obvious when we're all together. We have absolutely nothing in common."
"You're distanced?"
"Very much so. We try to maintain some contact but it's forced and often unpleasant." She sighed deeply. "My sister isn't bad, but I don't feel at ease around her; we're very different. My parents think that I'm insane. They don't say it directly but I know that's how they feel. I don't talk to them about my feelings anymore because they get impatient and critical."
"How awful," Lauren said with a frown. "I'm so sorry."
"It's not your fault," Madeline said with a shrug. 
"Have you never tried to find out about your biological parents?"
"No. The way I figure it, if I get along so badly with the ones that wanted me, it's unlikely to be any better with the ones that gave me up." 
"Fair enough," Lauren said, peering at her. Madeline looked like she wanted nothing more than to change the subject so Lauren obliged. "I'll start back in my studio tomorrow. I've had some interesting ideas since I've been languishing."
"I'll bet," Madeline said, her face lighting up again. "Do any of them involve me?"
"Yes," Lauren looked at her carefully. "But I don't want to start anything unless I know your plans."
"I want to stay here, with you," she said.
"For how long? Until you get another one of your feelings?"
"It could be a very long time before that happens. It's good you're going to start painting again, but I wish you wouldn't fall back into your old habits. You still haven't fully regained your strength, I want you to keep eating and sleeping properly."
"So you are leaving?"
"No. I just want you to care about yourself the way I care about you."
It surprised Lauren how direct Madeline could be with her comments but she wasn't going to exploit it.
"You will pose for me again then?"
"Yes," she smiled. "Naked?"
Lauren snorted.
"What is it with you wanting to take your clothes off all the time?"
"The first one you did of me was exceptional. Maybe it's the right direction to go in," she said sincerely. Lauren thought about this. Perhaps she was right, but it would still feel weird.
"Since I'm better, you can sleep in your own bed tonight," she said. "That must be a relief."
"If you don't mind I'd rather stay close to you."
"I do mind. I'm getting too used to it. When you decide to leave I don't want it to be any harder than necessary."
"Okay," Madeline said half-heartedly.
"Do you sleep with all the people you have feelings about?"
"No. Is that why you have a problem with it?" she teased. "Maybe you don't trust yourself in bed with me..."
"You are kind of preoccupied with sex tonight," Lauren observed.
"You, on the other hand, appear to have an aversion to the subject which I find curious. Something is there. What is it?" She studied Lauren and Lauren frowned at the TV.
"Maybe that's why you want to talk about it so much. For the simple reason that I don't."
"Touché."
"While we're on unwanted subjects, what is it you do on your lap top all the time? Are you surfing pornography sites or are you a spy journalist writing some weird blog on the crazy woman whose house and bed you've managed to worm your way into?"
"Ah, interested are you?" she smiled. "Yes, I write about you. I tell everyone your secrets."
"That is not funny."
"Okay then, the other one. I'm a porn addict."
"The way you are willing to get naked, I wouldn't be surprised if you were in the business yourself."
Madeline laughed then handed her open lap top to Lauren.
"I'm kind of an artist as well," she said.
Lauren studied the screen. It was page upon page of graphic designs. Three dimensional diagrams and computer generated images of buildings and virtual environs. Intricate and ingenious.
"Goddamn." Lauren was awestruck as she clicked through the pages. "Why have you been keeping this to yourself?"
"You never asked."
"Actually, I did ask, back when you first arrived. I remember distinctly."
"Hmm, true. Your memory is better than I thought it would be considering the state you were in. I guess I just trust you more now." She watched as Lauren studied the pages. "I've worked it over the years so I don't have to be anywhere at any particular time, I'm not tied down. It means I don't always get the best assignments but people like my designs. They sell and I can still follow my nose, so to speak."
"You are one very peculiar person."
"Yes," Madeline admitted. "What makes you say it now?"
"You were okay telling me you were a witch but not that you were an artist."
"Hmm. It wasn't my art that brought me here. Looking back, it's damn unusual that I felt inclined at all to be so open about why I came to find you." Lauren glanced at her and she peered at the rug thoughtfully. "And even weirder that it didn't work out badly."
"These are amazing. You're quite brilliant."
"They're commissioned. Unlike you, I'm more mathematical, less creative."
"Bullshit," Lauren responded with certainty.
"Well," she smiled, "coming from you, I will take that as a huge compliment."
"So much for your porn career," Lauren said and handed the computer back to her.
They sat in silence for a while. Lauren focused on the TV and Madeline stared at her computer screen.
"What the hell is this?" Madeline asked later, nodding toward the television.
"Blue Planet 2. This is the cutting edge of our knowledge of animals."
"Jesus. Fish leaping up to catch birds out of the air ...that's fucked up."
"Fish are a lot smarter than we previously thought of them."
"I wouldn't have picked you for a fan of this kind of thing."
"I didn't used to be, I never used to watch television at all. Now I am a fan of anything that involves newly learned information contradicting what we originally thought. Especially involving the animal kingdom. Damn humans, always underestimating our fellow earthlings. And I find David Attenborough's voice quite calming."
"If you like animals, maybe you should get one. This place is perfect for pets."
"I've never had one before, I'm not sure what it would involve or whether I could be responsible enough."
Madeline shook her head with a chuckle. 
"You are too funny."
But Lauren noticed that she had been distracted from her computer and was watching the documentary with undivided attention.
"You liked it too, didn't you?" Lauren smirked when the end credits rolled. "I saw you watching."
"Yeah," Madeline responded reluctantly. "It was fascinating. And the photography... Wow."
Despite their discussion Lauren woke to feel Madeline climb into bed with her later that night. She didn't know if she had been having a night terror or not but she couldn't help appreciating the warmth of Madeline's arm around her once again and she fell back to sleep without saying anything. 
The following day she began painting.
The situation was irregular, Lauren knew. She figured Madeline was comfortable with it being that way; she must understand the need for unconventionality given that she was an artist herself. And she seemed happier now that Lauren was getting well. Not just physically but her mental alertness and emotional stability were far better. She hadn't really comprehended how much damage she'd been doing to herself. Or she had, but in her altered state she had thought it was a price she had to pay for the sake of her art. With Madeline's caring presence she knew different, and she was providing ample inspiration for Lauren. Lauren questioned both of their motives constantly but was enjoying the circumstances too much to broach the subject formally. She found herself becoming more and more enamored with Madeline, her eccentricities, her stories, her past, her openness. She slipped into bed with Lauren every night and as much as everything else Lauren was used to her scent and her soft voice in the darkness. Her nightmares melted away.
Two weeks went by like this -Lauren painting, Madeline modelling and working on her computer. It didn't feel like that long to Lauren. It flew by. They ate together; Lauren thought this might be so Madeline could keep an eye on her diet but she was a fantastic cook and Lauren slowly began learning from her. Most days she also joined Lauren on her afternoon runs around the lake.
"You can keep up with me better now," Lauren commented when they arrived home one day. Madeline bent over, puffing.
"You do push me. I wonder how you do it, what the hell drives you the way you are."
"You're a good runner, you just needed to get back into it."
"I haven't run regularly since high school. I was on the track team, but it wasn't like this, it was short distance sprinting."
"You'll be able to kick my ass in a race soon then."
"I was sore after the first few times, but I can feel my legs getting much stronger. It's not something I ever thought I'd do again but it feels good. I sleep better and can relax more when I'm working."
"So you do get what drives me. I'm so used to it I feel gross if I miss a day now."
"It's hard to believe you could keep up with it for so long without proper food and sleep."
She rarely went into town with Lauren, preferring to stay at home in her isolation. 
When Madeline posed for her, Lauren asked her questions, it aided her creative context. They were personal questions and involving. Lauren sometimes suspected that she wasn't being totally honest, was allowing for some poetic license to make things interesting; other times she believed every word of what Madeline said. On occasion she got emotional about her words but mostly her answers were somewhat detached, considering their weight and meaning. As if she were a neutral spectator of her own past and even her own feelings. She was a strange creature, flitting easily between light, superficial chatter and heavy, esoteric subjects. Lauren found her oddity captivating and certainly inspiring. Her thought processes indicated a deeply sensitive person; so much so that she had no other choice than to withdraw from herself at times. Her past was dark and lonely, as she herself was. Lauren began to get a picture of her 'feelings' and how she had coped with them before. Few people had appreciated or believed her about them, and she had never felt comfortable being fully honest with anyone before arriving at the lake. Nor had she ever got quite so involved with anyone’s world the way she had with Lauren.
Lauren allowed her to dictate her poses to a certain degree and she began to remove pieces of clothing. It bought a fresh influence to Lauren's ideas which were flowing readily so it did not bother her, though she found herself curious about Madeline's motivation for doing it. Was it just to stimulate Lauren's creativity? Was she a lesbian, an exhibitionist? Both, maybe? The possibilities were compelling but she did not want to find out for certain so she steered clear of the subject.
She had no real difficulty believing Madeline about her 'feelings'. The evidence was in everything she said; she understood things that went on inside Lauren's head -the constant tug of war between the two halves of her personality that she couldn't possibly know about unless her feelings were real. She seemed surprised that Lauren hadn't either immediately dismissed her or become openly angry with her yet. People largely had not liked what Madeline had to tell them, leading to her isolated existence. This was confusing to Lauren; Madeline didn't make her angry, nor did she believe she was crazy. Her words made every bit of sense.
"You are such a rare person," Madeline told her one day in the studio.
"I can fit in when I want to."
"Not too much I hope. You probably repressed your creativity for too long... Most people would feel violated at being informed about their inner world by a stranger."
"It doesn't bother me, not from you anyway, I find it peculiarly comforting to know that someone has seen what I am inside and is not afraid of it. Perhaps if you had told me something I disagreed with it might be different. You are not exactly a stranger anymore, anyway."
"What does make you angry, Lauren?" She appeared to be asking this question in specific earnest, Lauren thought, observing her expression and noting the tone of her voice.
Lauren considered her answer delicately.
"Self-indulgence," she said. "People who feel entitled to things others wouldn't dream of. The world is too unbalanced. There are people who can never feel safe, people who don't have shelter or enough to eat and can't rely on a government who will help them. There are others who have all of this and still take more. Give them an inch and they will take a mile; give them a mile and they will take a light year. Not because they deserve it but because they are selfish and impudent. My adjectives indicate just how angry this makes me."
"Give me an example of this person you speak of."
"Okay. To pick something... Those men in polygamous marriages -three wives, twelve children. Most of them shouldn't be reproducing at all let alone be fathering so many. An intelligent person would think twice about bringing even one new life into the world, a humble person would devote every bit of time and money to a single partner and child if they were ever lucky enough to find one. What infuriates me most is that the wives don't even like the situation themselves, but they subject themselves to it because they believe it is Gods will," Lauren shook her head in disgust. "I see things like that happening and it seems way too probable that it is the really ignorant people who are propagating their numbers via children."
Madeline nodded but appeared alarmed by Lauren's response. 
"You did ask," Lauren said.
"I did. I wasn't expecting quite such an impassioned and specific answer. From the way you describe it, it's hard to disagree with you. I've just never thought much about polygamy before." Her startled response seemed mixed with a confused disenchantment. Lauren paused her brush strokes and focused on her for a minute. 
"I'm talking about self-indulgence. Polygamy is an outstanding example for me to use because I have strong opinions about choosing to bring new lives here when there are already needy children and when the future isn't looking too bright as it is and we are doing so little to try to improve environmental and sociological prospects. We are so immersed in fucking and having babies that we're giving no thought to how these babies are treated during their lives or what problems they are going to have to face in the future." She returned to her brush strokes, worried. She knows. She knows I'm dodging the real answer.
"Jesus. You do have strong opinions." She gazed curiously at Lauren. "Have you never wanted a child of your own?"
"No! I don't say these things lightly, I say them because I've thought about them and because they mean something to me. I'm not a hypocrite. If I want to be a mother I could adopt someone... And then brainwash them never to have children," she added with a smile to lighten the mood. 
Madeline studied her silently for a few minutes with an unreadable expression on her face. She was only in her underwear that day, before the mirror and Lauren painted, not bothered by the companionable silence. 
"Have you ever slept with another woman?" Madeline asked her eventually.
Lauren had vaguely wondered when the subject of sex might arise again.  
"I sleep with you."
"You know what I mean."
"In my old life... Yes," she confirmed.
"Really? Did you like it?"
"Yes. It was nice. Have you?"
"No," Madeline laughed.
"Why is it funny? You seem awfully interested for someone who hasn't done it."
"So, do you consider yourself bisexual?"
"I'm not sure about labels, female sexuality is probably more fluid than male sexuality. How would you label yourself?"
"I have no experience with women."
"I think it has more to do with feelings than experiences in themselves," Lauren stated.
"Why is female sexuality is more fluid than male?"
"I don't know. Maybe because it is about emotion rather than mechanics."
"And women's emotions can be changeable," Madeline nodded thoughtfully and continued studying her in silence. "Were you planning on using the mirror for a self-portrait? Have you ever done a self-portrait?"
"No. I don't find myself particularly inspiring."
"Your body is better than mine, you don't have scars."
"How would you know that?"
"It's pretty obvious even with clothes. But even if it wasn't, I've seen you. I helped you change when we got home after that night in the forest, when you were sick."
"You took advantage."
"Yes, maybe," she smiled slyly. "Either way, you'd look great on canvas."
"It's not the same. I don't find myself attractive." Lauren realized as soon as she'd said it that it had been an unfortunate slip and wondered quickly what she could say to retract it but it was too late.
"You find me attractive?" Madeline raised her eyebrows. "The last one you did says something quite different."
Lauren glanced at her last canvas which featured Madeline as a twisted, deformed creature. 
"You must know how beautiful you are," she said honestly. "That," she nodded at the painting, "means nothing. Only that my mind is messed up."
"Do you know how beautiful you are?"
"Oh no," Lauren sighed. "I'm not going to stand here exchanging compliments with you like two cliquey, silly bitches from my old life. I appreciate the sentiment but I find it repellent."
"I'm saying I find you attractive, and yes, I am interested." She had circled back to the previous topic and Lauren stayed quiet, trying to concentrate on her canvas. "I dream about you sometimes and when I wake up and see your face it's hard for me to stay neutral."
Lauren wondered if she was being toyed with. Another one of Madeline's ploys to get her creative juices flowing. She didn't mind, she allowed her to continue uninterrupted. 
"You want me too, I'm sure of it. You won't face it though, and not because I'm a woman." She shook her head. "No, it goes deeper than that."
"All of my energy..." Lauren began haltingly, "and will power ...needs to be focused on my art."
"I think it's more complicated. More sinister."
She wasn't wrong. Her powers of perception were remarkable, but Lauren was not ready to talk about that so remained quiet. 
"Are you ever going to show anyone these paintings?"
"You've seen them..." Lauren sighed. "Not until after I'm dead," she added.
Madeline appeared troubled by this comment.
"Would you like to fuck me?" she asked after a while and Lauren was slightly annoyed. It seemed like Madeline was playing with her in several different ways at once, none of which she found enjoyable. Is she trying to make me angry? Perhaps, on top of everything else, Madeline knew the reason behind Lauren's aversion to sex without being told.
"Seems like you're perfectly capable of fucking yourself," she said.
"Is that what you want?" she asked. And without taking her eyes off Lauren she started touching herself, first just her breasts, sliding her hand inside her bra and rubbing herself until the hardness of her nipple was clearly visible beneath the material. Lauren swallowed but continued her brush strokes. It was profoundly erotic but she was unsure of the framework of what Madeline was doing. 
Lauren abandoned the canvas, picked up her sketch pad and charcoal pencil and started drawing unconsciously while Madeline continued touching herself. It must have gone on for fifteen minutes before she pulled her bra from her body and slid a hand between her legs. She wasn't being aggressive, she was taking her time and Lauren recognized it was purely for her benefit, not Madeline's. Her own arousal was unpracticed but irrepressible. She finished her sketch, put her pad down and simply stood watching Madeline for a moment. The temptation was overwhelming, she approached her slowly, bent over her.
Madeline stopped her movements and looked up, wide-eyed. Lauren leaned in so close she could feel her breath on her lips; she was so beautiful in that moment. She was waiting for Lauren to kiss her. She was vulnerable. Lauren couldn't do it, couldn't take advantage; her desire became clogged with dread. She could not give in to this now, it would destroy any innocence that existed between them, it would hurt Madeline and Lauren would regret it. 
She doesn't know. Doesn't know what I am.
"Put your clothes back on," she said quietly and turned away, back to her easel.
A brief expression of bafflement and then Madeline seemed to accept this without too much difficulty, she did as Lauren asked while Lauren inspected the drawing she'd just done.
She studied the detail of the sketch in disgust as Madeline dressed. She couldn't believe it had come from her mind; a questionable issue at that since she did not remember thinking about it while she'd done it. She had been preoccupied with the scene playing out in front of her and in a way totally incongruous to the image she had depicted. She had sketched Madeline naked, touching herself. So far so good. But the hand she had drawn looming between her legs was oversized, threatening, and detached from her body. Each finger that was about to plunge inside of her had a tiny, evil face drawn on the upper part of the palm side. The fingers resembled erect penises. Her face was smudged, as if she didn't quite exist, and yet still managed to appear somehow tortured. This is unacceptable. Lauren had never done anything like it before; nothing quite so heinously comical, disturbingly unbalanced in every way.
She quickly pulled the pad closed when Madeline came over to see.
"You can't," Lauren said, ashamed.
"Why not?" Madeline looked confused. "You've never had a problem with me seeing them before."
"It's sick."
"They're all sick." She put a hand on Lauren's shoulder and tugged the pad from her. Lauren let her, but hurried from the room before she could see Madeline's reaction to it. Two minutes later and she was on the porch, pulling from her vaporizer when Madeline joined her. She didn't dare look at her face. 
"Jesus," Madeline said after a lengthy silence. "That's um ...something else. It wasn't the mood I was going for."
But Lauren was not amused, to her horror she found herself bursting into tears and Madeline was at her side in a second. Lauren still could not look her in the eye. 
"I'm sorry. It seems like we might be getting closer to the problem," she said softly and Lauren hated her slightly in that moment.
Madeline said no more about it until later that night, after they had eaten and were sitting on the porch again taking in the moonlit lake view. The silence was difficult to face for Lauren with the afternoons memory weighing oppressively in her mind. She spoke quietly.
"Are you not afraid of anything, Madeline?" 
Madeline remained silent for a minute, contemplating her reply.
"I'm afraid of so many things. Not the least of which is sitting right across from me."
"You are afraid of me?" Lauren looked at her in surprise. "Because of what you saw inside me?"
"No," Madeline returned her gaze. "You're complicated, beautiful. I'm afraid of losing you, of you changing your mind, thinking that I'm crazy. No one has ever accepted me like you have."
"Are you crazy?"
"Truth is subjective. And you are complicated."
"Why are you afraid of losing me? I've done nothing for you, and you everything for me."
"You're wrong about that." She hesitated. "When I followed the pull in this direction I had no clue it would lead me to someone like you. Someone who would end up being so special to me. Usually feelings like that mean that I can be of use, but with you... I stay here not to look after you but because I love you." She said it plainly, as if it was the most natural thing in the world.
She lapsed into silence allowing Lauren to process this information and to question its meaning.
"You don't love me," Lauren said, perhaps too harshly. "You love that I accept you the way you are. Don't allow that one thing to cloud your vision."
Madeline looked hurt for a moment, but it fell away quickly and she laughed.
"Lauren," she shook her head with a chuckle, "I see you. I see everything you are and even if you didn't believe me about my damn feelings, I would still love you. It's just the way it is."
"You don't love me," Lauren repeated stubbornly. "I'm damaged goods."
"It's not a choice. And whatever you might think I don't expect anything from you. I'm happy for things to stay the way they are. No matter what happens in the studio, it doesn't have to spill out here."
"It already has though, hasn't it," she said rhetorically.
"You can brush me off again if you want, but I have to ask, are you ever going to tell me what brought you here?"
Lauren puffed on her vaporizer, head on the back of her chair, legs folded in front of her. Yes, she thought, it's the right time. She took one last look at Madeline, thinking that after this it wouldn't be the same person looking back at her.
"We've become close over the past few weeks," she started slowly.
"Yes," Madeline agreed.
"You know there are many subjects which I avoid."
"Yes."
"This will be hard for me." 
"I... You don't have to tell me. But maybe you need to," Madeline said.
She is right. She should know. Lauren struggled to formulate a way of expressing herself precisely, then gave up and simply launched into it.
"Two years ago," she began apprehensively, "I started seeing a psychiatrist. I was having some problems with insomnia and nightmares. At least that's what I thought they were -minor problems that a professional could set right without too much effort. Fool I was. I unwittingly opened Pandora's Box." She paused and stared out into the darkness beyond the porch. Madeline waited for her to go on. "Six months in the doctor told me he believed my problems ran deeper than conventional therapy warranted. He wanted to try something different. Hypnosis. Regression therapy. Memory recovery. I thought it was stupid but the truth is the mere suggestion of these words left me feeling cold and uncomfortable. I went ahead with it anyway and things came out that ...just blew me away. Things that should never have happened." She took several deep lungful's of air before continuing. "A few months in and I was a completely different person."
She observed Madeline watching her.
"I thought recovery of repressed memories was supposed to be rubbish," she said cautiously.
"In many situations, maybe," Lauren nodded. "Dangerous, certainly... I got corroborating facts from my mother and from legal records. At first it was hard for me to believe what I was seeing. It hit me slowly and deeply, changed me in fundamental ways. When I questioned my mother I wasn't really expecting to get any information from her. But as soon as I brought it up it was... Her face just fell, her whole body fell in on itself, and I knew then that I was about to hear something I didn't want to. They had sheltered me from it for as long as they could, brought me to America even. She hadn't known I was in therapy."
"You were abused as a child," Madeline said slowly and so softly Lauren barely heard her.
Tears began falling from Lauren's eyes.
"I was young. So ...so young. It took a while but when what had happened really sunk in, it infected every part of my life, of myself. All of my actions and motives were brought into question and I couldn't function as that person anymore. Sex became repulsive; an act of aggression no matter how I looked at it. And not just the act, but the idea, the thought. Urges became unacceptable. I tried to hide what was happening to me but it didn't take long before I broke down. A person can only live with that much disgust and self-hate for so long. I stopped talking to the doctor, stopped going to the appointments at all. I bought supplies, converted a room and started painting again. It was the only thing that made me feel okay. People were confused, of course, about the changes in my personality, I never told any of them what I had found out. Eventually I couldn't stand the questions anymore; I bought the house, had all of my stuff shifted, quit my job and left."
"How old were you?" Madeline asked and Lauren frowned at her. "Sorry," she added.
"I've started now I might as well finish," she said hopelessly. "When I was seven, I was taken ...abducted by a stranger. I was held for five weeks before I was recovered in Luxembourg. When I dream, I dream I'm being weighed down, crushed, it's vague but it hurts, I have no control and I can't breathe. I'm being suffocated. Once I got back to my family, I blocked out the memories straight away, pretended that it hadn't happened. The doctors told my parents problems would occur in the future but that it was better for me that they go along with my denial for as long as necessary. These things I don't remember, I only know from what I've found out."
"Jesus," Madeline breathed. 
"So now I know what happened, and that I was lucky, five weeks is nothing. I don't know what lengths my grandparents went to find me but something underhanded was probably involved. Something only people with money could do. Others have to live their entire lives in such a way, most are killed by it. And it's still happening, every day new victims drawn into it. Children. Fucking thousands of them. That is why my parents left Europe. Their eyes were opened to the trafficking in those countries. It's probably not much different anywhere you go but they needed to put distance between the personal experience and my grandparents had agreed with them." Lauren swiped at the tears on her cheeks. "I was lucky," she repeated.
"Yes," Madeline said but she did not sound convinced and Lauren could feel her eyes on her.
"You're the first real person I've talked to about this. I wish you wouldn't look at me that way."
"You don't even know how I'm looking at you."
Lauren turned to her; her expression was devoid of pity, it held anger and indignation, but not against Lauren.
"You think I don't have anger?" Lauren said. "I will honest to fuck kill someone who comes at me ever."
"I've been here a while, I know about the arsenal you've got around the house. I may have a problem with loaded guns in cities but out here... I'm glad you have some protection. And I know you're not overly enthusiastic, or you might have used one on me," Madeline said with an actual smile and Lauren was reassured by the lightness of her words. "What happened to them? Whoever took you?" Lauren looked away again.
"The man held responsible died in prison many years ago. But reading the documents it became obvious that he was considered a part of something bigger, the back of which has not been broken. That hurts. That it is still going on, that I was one of very few; most of these children disappear forever. I've accepted it in my own way but you must see why I have some issues now. I told you this so that you understand what I mean when I say I'm no good to anyone. You should move on."
"I don't want to. I like it here. But yes, now I know why you have issues. It's not a story I could have predicted or expected to hear. I couldn't begin to comprehend what it must be to find yourself confronted with a shock like that." She paused reflectively. "You used to enjoy sex before you found out about this?"
"Yes," Lauren shrugged. "The memories have been destroyed. Everything has been poisoned."
"You could get it back, without repressing your memories this time. I know it will be hard for you to work through but you are a consenting adult now, you could relearn physical intimacy in its purest form."
"I don't want sex. I disgust myself."
Madeline looked down at her hands.
"Surely you don't think that what happened was in any way your fault."
"It's not my fault. But it is my problem."
"Yes," she said carefully. "I can see that. But it doesn't have to destroy your natural instincts entirely. You could appreciate them again, this time stronger than ever, untainted."
"You don't know what it's like inside my head."
"But I do. You forget I sought you out precisely because of what I saw you were on the inside. I do know, and now you've filled in some gaps as to how you got that way. You can't decide if you're a victim or a victimizer because now, knowing what you know, you feel like both. You can't help it, your rage is consuming, as it should be." Madeline came over the knelt in front of her, she grasped Lauren's hands in her own and Lauren tried not to shy away from her touch. "But you are neither; I need you to believe me when I say that I think you're an incredibly strong person. You have a traumatic past that you're coping so well with. We're all a little damaged but you are way off being broken. I think you're beautiful, in all your complexity. You're so far from being disgusting, it's not right you should see yourself that way." There were tears in Madeline's eyes now as Lauren observed her. "Thank you for trusting me enough to tell me your story. I am so sorry that this happened to you. To anyone."
"I am coping, but if you hadn't showed up..." She let the possibility hang and Madeline squeezed her hands. "Aren't you going to tell me to find an enemy other than myself?"
"Christ, no!" Madeline said with a sniff and a forced chuckle. "Who knows what would come of the world at the mercy of that wrath." Lauren couldn't stop a teary smile. "It might be different for someone without a creative outlet but you're able to channel your anger into incredible art. I'm confident that you will be able to move on in your way. In the meantime, I won't let you self-destruct."  
"How can you still want to stay here?" Lauren asked her.
"I like it here. The landscape is beautiful, the house is beautiful. I like the atmosphere, I like the music you listen to, the looseness of your routine. I've never felt more relaxed or at home in my life." She wiped her eyes and looked out into the night. "I like how you can put Dixie Chicks and Five Finger Death Punch in the same playlist. How you can paint for nine hours straight then watch a BBC nature documentary followed by an episode of The Orville. You seem like such a regular person when you do that, but you're not average at all, you're a rarity. I want to stay, if you'll let me. Besides, you still haven't finished with me in the studio. I want to keep posing for you, I want you to paint whatever horrible things you need to, get it all out."
"What if it's not meant to come out? What if it's only meant to become a bigger part of me?"
"It will always be a part of you but you can maintain something separate from it as well, as long as you indulge each part as much as is necessary. You're not going to turn into one of your monsters, I know that for sure. I've seen you and you have too much heart. I trust you, do you think you could ever find how to trust me?"
"I can try," Lauren nodded, looking into the darkness.
"Do you regret finding out what happened?"
"No," she said firmly. "I started with the doctor because I was beginning to doze off during the day and because I was keeping my ex awake at night. He wasn't big on emotional support. It's better for me to be able to face it head on, if I can. Things may have turned out worse had I not known, my mother knew that at least. My father could not do it so she knew one day she would have to tell me. I appreciate that she had the strength to be honest."
"Your parents sound like decent people… I think that what happened in the studio today was good for you. Good for us. For you to talk about it to someone like me is a big deal. How do you feel?"
"Ashamed. Embarrassed. Scared. Disgusted. Uncomfortable. Quite pissed off too." Lauren observed Madeline's amused smile. She was taking this all in her stride and didn't appear to reciprocate any of Lauren's negative emotions at all which was surprising.
"I'd like to keep posing the way I am. There might be other milestones lying in wait. If you can pursue them, you should try."
"Are you sure this isn't becoming just a little bit too much about you wanting to get your clothes off?"
Madeline laughed.
"I'm not taking advantage of you. It's more like I'm trying to allow you to take advantage of me..." She looked momentarily embarrassed. "That came out wrong, I mean with your art. You see me as only an artist can and my nudity seems to be helping, even that business today. Whatever you might think I'm not an exhibitionist, I've honestly never felt so comfortable with my body before."
"I find that hard to believe," Lauren smirked.
"It's true. I used to wear extra layers of clothing just to hide it." She paused thoughtfully. "That first morning I saw the painting you did of me, it was obvious who it was but I thought you made me look so much more beautiful than I am. It sounds weird given the nature of the depiction but I was truly flattered by it. Now I know that's how you really see me, your perception is consistent in all your paintings."
"Not the monsters," Lauren pointed out.
"We all have dark reflections. Strangely, the monster is not much different from how I see myself."
"Hmm. I can relate to that." Lauren studied her. "Dark Reflections would be a good title for the series."
Madeline's face lit up.
"So you are planning to show them?"
"I don't know," Lauren shrugged. "It's in my back pocket. I have a long way to go and I am not in any rush." She looked out of the window into the starry sky, her head resting on the back of her chair.
She didn't want to talk anymore and Madeline seemed to recognize this easily. She was dazed, she could barely believe she had told Madeline everything. And that Madeline had reacted the way she did. So easily, as if it were not something she needed to get away from as quickly as possible. How odd, was all Lauren could think.

Part 3
 
The following few days felt different to Lauren, as if she were now walking around the house naked, exposed. They talked about a lot of different things but the subject of Lauren's past did not arise again and when Madeline posed she kept her hands innocently placed. She still slept with Lauren at night but started holding her hand instead of wrapping her arm around her. Lauren was washing her brushes in the studio and contemplating these changes when Madeline came in. She peered at Lauren curiously.
"This song..." she said slowly.
The Doors' Touch Me was playing quite loudly through the speakers.
"Sorry," Lauren said. "I will turn it off soon, I'm almost done."
"It's not that. I like it, I just..." She was still looking at Lauren with a glint in her eye. 
"What?" Lauren asked.
"Sometimes I suspect you and I are more in sync with each other than either of us are aware of." She smiled mysteriously and the implication sent a jolt of electricity down Lauren's spine. But Madeline's tone changed then and she spoke the words Lauren had been dreading for a while.
"I have to go back to Chicago. I have to do a presentation. I've been trying to get out of doing it in person but the director is taking a hard line."
"Oh," Lauren said and continued to wash her brushes, expressionless. "You're leaving." It was a shock to her system, though she'd known the day would come. She had only just started her latest canvas but she could do it without Madeline in front of her. 
"Tonight," Madeline said. "I have a meeting on Wednesday. I'm pretty angry, it's a dumb formality, a waste of time and energy. I don't want to go."
But suddenly Lauren was feeling angry herself. All those times she'd known she was wrong for allowing herself to become used to Madeline's presence. She cursed herself. And Madeline. I knew telling her would work out badly. It's just taken a few days for it to sink in. Lauren shook her head slowly.
A hand on her shoulder snapped her out of her reverie and she jerked her head around. 
"What? What is it?" she asked Madeline.
"Are you okay?"
"Yes," she said softening her voice. "Of course. Just thinking. Why did you tell me there were creatures in the forest?"
"There are," Madeline looked surprised by the question. "There are creatures everywhere."
"That night you forced me to see something I didn't want to see."
"You mean your own destructiveness? I ...don't think I forced you, only nudged you forward."
"You were there for me though. What would have happened to me without you?" Lauren mused.
"Why don't you come with me?"
"Where?"
"Chicago."
Lauren laughed and dried her hands off.
"I mean it."
"No, thanks. I'm good here. Really, don't be worried, I'm going to be fine," Lauren assured her. "It is very sweet of you to offer." She turned and walked away into the kitchen to make tea. She felt tears forming in her eyes and that was intolerable, she didn't want Madeline to see it, she needed a diversion.
She went for a run on her own later and when she returned Madeline was waiting to talk to her. 
"I need to have a shower," Lauren said. She would prefer not to confront Madeline at all before her departure. She was afraid of what she might say, she didn't want to end on bad terms with her.
But again, Madeline was waiting in the kitchen for her when she got out. She sighed and went to the kettle. 
"Tea?" she asked. 
"Christ, no. Don't you know by now I hate that stuff?" Madeline said. "Will you come and sit down, please? You've been avoiding me all afternoon and I'm leaving soon."
Lauren did as she asked; she didn't have much choice. She looked at Madeline guardedly and waited.
"I've left my number on the coffee table," she said. "I'd like you to use it. Even if nothing's wrong."
Lauren nodded slowly, tapped her fingers on the counter. Madeline frowned at her.
"Why?" Lauren asked pointedly. 
"Because..." Madeline spluttered. "Okay, you are not going to make this easy. Let's see, why do I want you to call me? I know that you find this hard to believe and that you feel like you don't deserve it but I know one thing first and foremost - I've fallen in love with you. I'm not afraid to say it out loud. Completely and hopelessly in love."
Her words should have been beautiful, but they were said with impatience and were extremely badly timed. Lauren did not overthink it or say anything meaningful in return.
"What difference does it make now?"
Madeline appeared very hurt by these words. The last thing Lauren wanted was to hurt her, but she had meant it.
"This is the biggest chance I'm ever going to have to be with someone I love," she said looking into Lauren's eyes, any trace of annoyance disappearing from her voice. "It started the minute I saw you passed out on the floor covered in paint that first day I was here. And everything you've done since told me that this was far from being just another one of my feelings. I told you that following them has brought me happiness but never this much. This is it, I love you. I don't know if you could ever return it but I can't dismiss the possibility. Can you understand what I'm saying?"
"I understand," Lauren said blandly. "But you are too..."
"...Too good for you," Madeline finished for her. "I don't even halfway appreciate how you can think that, it's completely untrue. If anything, it's the other way around. You've told me terrible things and whether you said them to get rid of me or not doesn't make a difference. I'm not put off, I adore you. Your confidence has been shot, but I'm not going to give up, you mean too much to me."
You are giving up. You're leaving.
"You should not have told me this just before you leave, it's cruel."
"Don't try to tell me you didn't know how I felt, and I think what you're doing is cruel."
"What am I doing?"
"You're stonewalling me and I don't understand why."
Lauren giggled inappropriately, it was that or tears and either way she was going to confuse the hell out of Madeline.
"I'm sorry," she said. "Really, I am. I'm just in a weird mood. I'll use your number. I promise." It was the only thing she could think of that might end this conversation. "What is that?" she asked when she saw an envelope on the counter.
"Cash. I've been living in your house, using your facilities, I never expected to do it for free."
"Oh my God," Lauren said. Shocked and hurt, she came very close to releasing the tears she was struggling to hold in. "I don't want your money. What you've done for me is worth much more."
Madeline came and stood in front of her, an affection in her eyes that Lauren found tough to face. She touched her jaw, lifted her chin and kissed her so softly on the cheek. Why, Lauren asked herself, was she making this so much harder than it needed to be. She kept her expression blank and pushed her feelings down deep.
Madeline left and a cold emptiness filled the house. Lauren tried very hard to ignore the heaviness in her heart, to fill it with anger. But her anger turned in on herself after two days. 
She put her canvases of Madeline aside, out of sight, and painted views of the lake with swirling demons engaged in battle above its raging surface. She went into town every day, unable to stand the empty house for too long without a break. She found herself making friendlier conversation with the locals, the store owners and the librarian. It was a strange feeling, as if Madeline had brought her out of herself, woken up her need for interaction. She was being nice, and people were responding to it, like they'd been waiting for it all along and she just hadn't given them a chance. A small exchange of friendly words or even a smile was suddenly lifting her spirits in a way it never had before. She posited it was because she was so desperate for some form of communication, but that was rather unexpected in itself. She had never been a particularly approachable person in her old life and after she moved here her isolation had become pathological. It was only since Madeline's entrance and exit from her life she had changed so drastically. Did she really miss Madeline that much?
Over the coming days and after her initial disappointment and anger had dissipated she thought a lot about Madeline's words. She had told her she loved her. No. In love with me, that's what she said. 
It was typical of Madeline's open, direct style of expressing herself. As it was typical of Lauren to have been so closed off she couldn't react to it properly until now, days later. She did miss her, quite desperately. She had not appreciated her presence in the house or in her life the way she should have. Madeline had been a miracle, of that she was certain, now she could look at it all from a distance. She came here to be alone and now all she wanted was Madeline back.
Could she have pursued a physical relationship with Madeline if she had stayed? She was unsure about this, her insecurities over her sexuality were numbing. Lauren found Madeline attractive in every sense of the word, but other factors hampered it; lack of confidence, paranoia about whether she could even enjoy sex again and over whether she could be desirable. While Madeline was with her, Lauren's immediate concern had been not to ruin what they had. Now that she didn't have it, she recognized a desire for more. Sex was one thing, love was another. Lauren would have long term issues to deal with and any potential partner would have to deal with them as well. A tiny voice in her head told her that Madeline had left when she did because she knew Lauren had serious underlying problems that she did not want to cope with. Another voice asked why she insisted on underestimating Madeline. She had listened to Lauren about her past, had taken it all in stride and had still confessed to loving her afterward. Lauren argued with herself. Occasionally she thought of the number on her coffee table but rejected the notion of making the phone call as quickly as it occurred to her. What would she say? Nothing could be done, it was over. She couldn't ask Madeline to come back and she didn't want to go to Chicago. Any conversation would just revitalize the awkwardness of their last confrontation, only worse because it would be over the phone. She envisioned a prolonged silence in which she struggled to express herself in the way Madeline found so easy and then gave up and said something hurtful again.  
She pushed these things to the back of her mind and concentrated on her art, her new ideas. Strangely, her inspiration wasn't stunted, if anything a floodgate had been opened, she was painting visions drawn purely from her imagination. The creatures in the forest were the subject she enjoyed exploring most and she wondered what her former companion would have thought of her new avenue. She had never been shy to speak her mind about the quality of Lauren's work.
Ten days after Madeline's departure she went into town for her routine break from the house. She had developed a habit of chatting to the owner of the coffee shop.
"Lauren Beaumont!" the big man boomed as soon as she sat down. He waddled his way over. "Good, you're here."
"Hello, Timothy," she greeted. It still surprised Lauren how friendly people could be, as if she were one of them, though her attitude when she'd first arrived had been terrible. "What's happening?"
"Do you know, not one single person in my life but you has ever called me Timothy," he said, smiling.
"I've never been big on shortening names, you were given the name Timothy for a reason as far as I'm concerned."
"I think it's just the foreigner coming out in you. Still though, can't complain, least you talk now." He leaned forward and spoke conspiratorially to her. "Between you and me, I like the way you say Timothy. It sounds business-like and sexy at the same time. Not a combination of labels I ever fit too well." He giggled at himself. 
"You own a business and you're an attractive man, I don't see the miscorrelation," she smiled sweetly. 
"Oh, I do like the way you talk." His face became serious. "Now listen, before you side-track me completely. Have you heard the weather warning?"
"No. How goes it?"
"Snowfall's been weak so far but it's that time of year again. You'll have to batten down the hatches. Severe gales and snow forecast to blow in tonight and you'll be right in it out there on the lake. Good view though, I'll grant you that."
"It's a bit early, isn't it?"
The big man laughed uproariously. 
"Not this far north, it's not. Better stock up on everything too, roads could be closed for who knows how long, if it's real bad."
"Huh. I'll have to dust my ski gear off."
"Yup. You got snow chains?"
"I've been meaning to get some."
"Yeah. Last thing you want is to get stuck on the roads around here," Timothy drawled. "Phil at the garage will hook you up, give you a crash course in fitting them. These first storms usually last a few days. How's your American friend?"
"She went home to Chicago a couple of weeks ago."
"Too bad, you two were good together."
"What?" Lauren was taken aback. "No, we weren't together."
"Sure you were!" he bellowed. "The ladies of the lake." A group of tourists clanged their way into the shop and Timothy grinned at her. "Got to serve the masses. Now, you've got all the numbers you need if you have any problems out there?" he asked as he backed away.
"I do. Thanks for the update, Timothy."
"Anytime," he called.
She took his advice and bought a ton of groceries then went to the garage and got snow chains for her tires. Her car was 4WD but she figured it was better to be safe than sorry. Phil was as good as Timothy's word, he taught her how to put them on and gave her some other random pointers. He was an amusing man, and well informed. All this advice would no doubt come in handy. Getting through the warm months in a place like this was well outside of her experience, winter would bring far greater challenges. She was not put off by it, she loved cold, snow, blizzards. Road closures and isolation did not bother her. It was power cuts that caused some worry, she relied heavily on her electricity and although the house had a back-up generator, she had never learned how it operated or what it ran on. She did a lot in town that day. She ordered a load of firewood to be delivered and grilled Phil about using the generator. She got the essence of it and bought extra gasoline, figuring she could research the operation online or make a phone call if she ran into any difficulties.
With her car weighed down heavily by everything she'd bought, she finally sped the fifteen minute drive home. Visions of the lake iced over made an interesting landscape for new paintings. She'd never done much in white before. 
She was thinking about white monsters when she arrived home late in the afternoon and immediately spotted a black BMW in her driveway. Madeline's black BMW. Her heart almost stopped. 
She was back? Holy shit! She strolled over and saw Madeline asleep in the driver's seat, head lolling to one side of the head rest. An undeniable tug in her chest told her she was more than happy to see her again. She smiled and knocked on the window lightly. Madeline startled awake and looked around her dazed. When she saw Lauren she pushed the car door open immediately. Ignoring the water bottle that fell out with her she grabbed Lauren and pulled her into a hug, burying her head in her shoulder. Lauren was stunned by the suddenness of it and by how good it felt, she dropped the bags in her hands and squeezed Madeline in return.
"I thought something might have happened to you, or that you'd left," Madeline mumbled into her coat collar.
"No, I've been in town," she said. "You came back."
"Of course I came back. I've been driving since yesterday." She eventually released Lauren and stood back. "Let me look at you. Are you okay?"
"I am," Lauren confirmed. "It is not cool if you expected everything to fall apart the minute you left." She smiled in spite of herself. Chicken shit. Tell her how you feel.
"You look amazing. What's with all the make-up and clothes? Do you have a boyfriend in town now?"
"I had a video call with my mother earlier, I needed to make an effort. I don't like her worrying about me. It is good to see you, I had it in my head you were gone for good."
"I didn't want to leave in the first place. I've been waiting for you for," she checked her watch, "two hours."
"And as usual, in a highly agitated state, you fell asleep," Lauren chuckled. "You must be cold. Are you coming inside?"
Madeline's expression turned nervous suddenly.
"I have someone with me," she said.
"What?" Lauren looked into the car in confusion. She couldn't see anyone. "What do you mean?"
Madeline hesitated then opened the back door, withdrew a carrier cage and placed it on the trunk.
"Oh wow," Lauren said. Two big, sleepy brown eyes blinked at her and the black, fluffy creature opened its tiny mouth with a yawn and a slight yelp. Lauren had never seen anything so cute. "Can I?" she gestured at the latches.
"Of course."
Lauren pulled it out of the cage and stared at it. It stared back and yawned again. So small, so cuddly. "Hello. Aren't you sweet?"
"Her name is Gemma. Can we come inside?" Madeline asked and Lauren looked at her.
"Yes, you can. I can't believe you left her out here without sharing your body heat."
"She's fine!" Madeline exclaimed. "She has a warm blanket. I mean, if it had been much longer, of course I would have. She's been fast asleep the whole time, barely made a sound."
Lauren carried her into the warmth of the house and she settled back on her blanket on the floor of the lounge.
"She's young, Madeline. But she seems pretty subdued for a puppy."
"She's probably just tired, maybe a little scared. But yes, I chose the quietest of the bunch. Rowdy dogs can be a hassle."
"Have you got everything you need to take care of her?"
"And then some. I even have a jacket and boots."
"Cute," Lauren chuckled. "I have a lot of stuff to bring in from the car. Will you give me a hand? After that, maybe we could take her for a walk, if she feels like it."
They made several trips inside from Lauren's car.
"Jesus, why all the supplies? Are you preparing to hibernate?" Madeline asked.
"Close. I was warned a blizzard was due over the next few days. Apparently the roads could be closed for a while." She glanced at Madeline, thinking maybe she wasn't planning to stay long, but she didn't seemed bothered. "It might not happen but I wanted to be prepared."
"It's good news. Means I can't leave now even if you wanted me to," Madeline said, mirroring Lauren's thoughts.
Lauren locked her car and helped Madeline inside with her own things. The puppy was sniffing around the lounge cautiously when they returned to her, so Madeline put her jacket on and they took her down to the lake.  
"You thought I wasn't coming back. Is that why you shut down on me before I left?" Madeline asked.
"Yes. I'm sorry." And Lauren was. It had just seemed natural Madeline was leaving permanently, like her presence had been a gift that would eventually be taken away. She could do her work anywhere but she did have a life, probably a house of her own back in Chicago. Madeline had a misplaced smile on her face. "What's with the smile?"
"I was hurt at the time but now I'm glad you acted that way," she said. 
"Why is that?"
"It tells me that you didn't want me leaving, and that means you care about me. You can be notoriously bad at verbalizing your feelings but you show them well enough through your actions. You probably thought I was leaving because of what you told me," she frowned with regret. "I would never do that. I should have made my intention to return as soon as possible clear, but I wasn't sure if you wanted me back at that point. You were so... It's just hard to tell sometimes. I have insecurities of my own." Another smile. "Now I know."
"Yes," Lauren agreed slowly. "How long are you staying this time?"
"As long as you'll let me," Madeline said and Lauren felt warm. "You're right about the running thing. My legs feel floppy and neglected."
"How is Chicago?"
"Awful."
"The presentation didn't go well?"
"Oh, that was fine, albeit totally unnecessary. The traffic was insufferable, the meetings were claustrophobic and the air was almost unbreathable. I've been spoilt here, all I wanted was to be back."
Gemma tugged on her leash in excitement, probably spotting a creature in the undergrowth.
"She's going to need a lot of training…"
"Yes," Lauren agreed thoughtfully.
"She's a poodle, sheepdog cross, she won't be hard to teach."
"Good choice, two of the smartest dogs."
"She's for you," Madeline said anxiously. "If you want her. It's a bit presumptuous of me, I know. But she'll be loyal, keep you company on your runs, when you don't want me around, that is." Lauren stopped on the path and turned to look at her as she babbled. "If you don't want her, I'll take her. But I remember you saying how interested you were in animal training and I wanted to get you something you didn't have, something that might mean something…"
"Madeline," Lauren interrupted her mid-rant and she looked at Lauren with a nervous expression. "I love her. Thank you. I'll take very good care of her. Okay?"
"Okay." Madeline glanced back to Gemma with a small smile. "I know you've never had a pet before, but I had a Labrador when I was young. I can help."
"It will be a mission," Lauren nodded. "But she's adorable and it will be interesting." She smiled and decided it might be a good time to bring up a delicate issue, her curiosity was getting the better of her. "So, where did you stay while you were away?"
"My apartment."
"Ah, so you do have a place of your own, I wondered about that."
"Well, I use the term my loosely. My older sister is living there at the moment."
"I thought you two didn't get along?"
"We don't, it was torture. Six months ago her marriage dissolved and I was foolish enough to offer her a place. My logic was that she would be better off with me than with our parents and I felt sorry for her. I asked her if she had anything of her own lined up and she seemed shocked at the question, as if I was being unreasonable. So, it appears that she has driven me out of my own home. Why did I even bring her there," Madeline pondered rhetorically and Lauren glanced at her.
"Because you're a good person. You think of others before you think of yourself. In any case, you have better places to be," she responded.
"You really don't mind me staying with you?"
"No, I… I want you here," Lauren said and saw the smile spread across Madeline's features.
That night the snow began falling early. Madeline helped her figure out the generator and inspected her new canvas; Gemma followed them around and explored the house. She was positive about the direction Lauren was taking in using the surrounding landscapes but Lauren looked forward to adding Madeline into the mix as soon as she got the opportunity. Lauren lit the fire, she was getting good at this natural, Northern lifestyle, and they sat in the lounge together, Madeline with her lap top open in front of her. Lauren had not felt so contented in ...she didn't know how long. Gemma lay on her bed between the sofa and the fire, spread eagled on her back, limbs in the air; it looked hilarious but she was clearly in a deep sleep, legs twitching sporadically.
"You seem happy," Madeline commented as Lauren stared at her tablet. "What are you looking at?"
"Today is a good day," Lauren confirmed. "Robert Mugabe has finally been impeached."
"Robert Mugabe. Name rings a bell. Who is he?"
"Oh, Madeline," Lauren shook her head at her. "He was the war criminal president of Zimbabwe. He is a murderer and a tyrant. He led the country illegally for 37 years and ran it into the ground. He has finally been dethroned. Today is a good day."
"Hmm," Madeline said and started tapping at her computer. "Wow," she commented after a while. "You're right. The things he's done..."
"Yes. The man should be executed. But he's so old now."
"You believe in the death penalty?"
"In extreme cases, yes," Lauren admitted, self-consciously. "I don't believe countries should be wasting time and resources on keeping mass murdering dictators alive when their ordinary citizens are suffering. Not very politically correct of me, I know."
"You take these things pretty personally, don't you?"
"A couple of years ago I read a biography on one of the white farmer families driven out of their home by the Mugabe regime. It made a lasting impression. I think every single chapter of that book made me cry, it was very hard to read. That aside, people should be concerned with these issues. The world is no longer so divided, what happens in one country does spill over to the rest of us. Kudos to Zimbabweans for finally ousting the bastard."
"I love it when you talk politics."
"Aren't you tired? You should get an early night," Lauren said.
"I want to stay up and hang out with you for a while. I missed this." Madeline sighed heavily and stretched.  "I'm pretty sure that I was summoned to Chicago for non-business reasons."
"What do you mean?" Lauren asked, eyes averted from the screen.
"The creative director of this last project wanted to work closely on some designs so we've been conference calling a lot over the past couple of months. Which is fine but then he pressured me into making the presentation with him in person and going to those pointless meetings. And then way worse, he kept hitting on me every time I saw him. It was very fucking annoying, I'm certain it was his only motive for calling me back to the city."
"What did you do?" Lauren asked, dismayed by the idea.
"I did my best to avoid him. I will not be working with him again."
"Poor man."
"Why do you say that?" Madeline asked inquisitively.
"It's no fun being rejected," Lauren shrugged.
"You would have done the same thing. He's one of those who finds it difficult to take a hint. Entitled has to be one of the most unattractive character traits. Why, you think I should have slept with him?"
"Hell no. He sounds like a creep, you should have smacked him. But he might have liked that," Lauren said and Madeline chuckled before she turned back to the television. "You've never really mentioned any past relationships, Madeline."
"You never asked. Feeling curious now?"
"Yes. So, who were they and why didn't they last?"
"I've only really had one long-term relationship. I think I mentioned James to you before."
"The software engineer. I didn't realize you slept with him."
"We were off and on for seven years. What a waste of time," she shook her head sadly.
"Why?"
"We weren't great together, my mystical side bothered him. I should have learned from it the first time we split up but I'm a romantic at heart and like a fool, I went back to him again and again."
"The sex must have been fantastic."
Madeline gazed at her in amusement. 
"What makes you think that?"
"Something must have kept you going back. Are you saying it wasn't?"
"I don't know, it was okay. Sometimes it's just nice to have someone you can be intimate like that with. I knew him so well and I felt safe with him; he was conservative, loyal, and a genuinely 'nice' guy ...but I didn't I love him. Not in the way I should have. I left him for the last time almost a year ago." She hesitated. "I had an abortion," she added uneasily.
"Oh," Lauren said, looking at her. "Do you regret it?"
"I regret being foolish enough to fall pregnant in the first place. But without it, I might still be trying to make things work with James. I never told him, but I knew he would have wanted to keep it. I knew if he found out what I'd done he would be outraged. It forced me to question what kind of future we had. Silver lining and all that." She appeared to be trying to make light of the situation as she did many things she clearly had strong feelings about. That was the way Lauren viewed it anyway. Of all the sad things Madeline had told her about her past, she had kept this one gagged. Possibly a lot of other things too, Lauren thought to herself.
"Why did you have the abortion?"
"I don't want to have a baby. I have," she frowned, "paranoia about my kid turning out the same as me. Having my problems."
Lauren was surprised to hear this.
"You mean your feelings? How can you think that way? You have a gift."
"You might call it that, but consider how others treat it, what I did to myself. It's not easy, Lauren. Maybe with me as a mother it wouldn't have been so bad, but James would have made it very tough. Are you trying to convince me to have a baby?"
"No, I'm glad you feel that way. I just think it might be for the wrong reasons."
"Well," Madeline gave a thoughtful smile. "My pain threshold is low. Maybe that's a good enough reason."
"Amen to that. Was he heart-broken when you left him?"
"James would have assumed it was just another off period, that we'd make up eventually. I've had some calls and emails from him in the past few months trying to reconnect. He's probably upset and confused that I haven't come back like all the other times. But at least now he has a chance to find someone who'll be able to give him what he wants." She nodded slowly. "My history is gloomy compared to most peoples, not much to it and what did happen wasn't spectacular."
"Hmm," Lauren mumbled, her eyes glazing over slightly. "Odd, considering your looks and what a good person you are."
"You think I should have a more colorful past based on how attractive I am?" Madeline smirked.
"Yes," Lauren admitted. "Why not? You deserve great things."
"You are my great thing." Lauren made a face. "You are," she insisted. "You invited me into your home, welcomed me into your life and accepted everything about me. We fit together, we might as well be married."
"Not quite..." Lauren began, thinking about the platonic nature of their relationship. "You have had a unique impact on me, but you must crave something more than what we have," she ended evasively, not wanting to expose her feelings too much.
"Yes," Madeline said carefully. "What about you? Do you miss sex at all?"
"Of course I do. But it's all messed up in my head. A big reason I opted out of it is because I felt like if Conner - that was my ex - knew about my past he would hate me. Like anyone who knew would hate me."
"That's why you left him? So you did love him. Do you miss him?"
"Not so much," Lauren said with surprising certainty. "I miss listening to him play. When you love the musician in a person, it is remarkable what other shit you will put up with. There are many things I don't miss."
"Do you have, like..." Madeline trailed off, looking awkward.
"What?" Lauren asked curiously.
"Do you have, I don't know, weird sexual preferences or something?"
Lauren couldn't stop herself, she burst out laughing and it took a while for her to calm down.
"I'm glad you find it so amusing," Madeline said.
"Sorry, it is just the way you asked. As if you were truly scared of what I might say."
"I love your laugh, but you haven't given me an answer."
"Hmm." Lauren contemplated the question seriously. "No, I don't think so. I have been adventurous at times in some ways and I question the intent that lay behind those things now."
"Adventurous?" Madeline still looked scared.
"Nothing really nasty," Lauren assured her. "Some role playing. Conner was mildly into bondage which I didn't have a problem with until after... But it was his thing, not mine. I don't think I have any so-called perversions. It's just that now I know about my past I feel dirty, as if no one could ever want me again and if they did, there might be something wrong with them."
Madeline put her lap top aside and came to sit on the couch next to Lauren. She kissed her cheek and laid her head on her shoulder.
"You're the most beautiful person I've ever known," she said quietly. "Male or female. I wish I could paint like you so that I could show you the way I see you. I meant what I said to you before I left. Do you think there's something wrong with me for finding you so lovely?"
"Maybe," Lauren smiled. "So, why the limited experience with relationships? A romantic at heart who clearly has a healthy sex drive. What was the problem?"
"I'm shy. I'm also very selective about people. My sister says I'm overly picky, that I can't see past peoples obvious deficiencies. But who is she to judge me, look at what happened with her marriage." She chuckled to herself. "I might have been picky about men because I wasn't really that into to them in the first place."
"Then why haven't you had any experiences with women? Why persist with men?"
"Like I said, I'm shy."
"You could have fooled me," Lauren said, Madeline's naked image running through her mind.
"You have a special effect on me, bring me out of my shell. An old friend came on to me once. It was awful. I was actually scared by how much it turned me on but I didn't take the bait. Later I realized it was for the best, I wasn't interested in her in that way, but it did tell me one thing -it wasn't because she was a woman that I didn't want to go there, I just wasn't attracted to her in particular. I knew after that, that I had a definite interest in women."
"Was she gross?"
"Not at all. Not physically anyway, but I found her personality appalling. I don't know why we were even friends."
Lauren had to laugh at this.
"For the record," Madeline continued, "I would never want to tie you up. Your hands should be free to do whatever they want. You're much more relaxed talking about sex than you were before."
"I'm not sure relaxed is the right word."
"Oh? What is the right word?"
Lauren wanted to kiss her but she just shook her head without answering and Madeline studied her curiously then leaned back into her shoulder. Lauren was thinking something more could work between them but it was nice to just sit like that with Madeline close, resting against her, watching The Walking Dead. 
 It was after midnight before, yawning, Madeline went upstairs to take a shower. Lauren knew she was exhausted, even Lauren was tired and she hadn't driven for two days. She was just happy to have her back, that the house was occupied again. She stroked Gemma's furry, sleeping form then went to her own bathroom and not long after crawled into bed sleepily and opened her book. A light knock and Madeline appeared in the doorway.
"Can I...?"
She didn't finish the question but Lauren knew what she meant.
She motioned her in. The familiarity and affection was overwhelming when Madeline climbed into bed next to her; but there was something else inside Lauren, a kind of nervousness which she had not felt in many years. Perhaps, she thought, she should not have discussed sex quite so openly with Madeline earlier. Perhaps she should not have invited her so easily into her bed. But I want her here.
"I'm so happy to be like this with you again," Madeline said, lying on her side facing Lauren.
"You must be tired."
"Yeah, only those couple of hours in the car in more than 24. It was worth it though, just to get back."
"You really should have flown."
"It's a nice drive, but I'm not sure I want to do it ever again."
"Do you think Gemma will be okay out there?"
"She's asleep, she's fine."
"I suppose she will find her way in here if she gets lonely," Lauren sighed.
"She will," Madeline smiled. "You're worried about her. That's cute." She leaned close. "You smell nice. But you always do. Did you sleep okay while I was away?"
"I really missed you," Lauren admitted. "I thought about you, about everything you said. I thought I would never see you again."
"I didn't stop thinking about you. I couldn't wait to get back." She kissed her shoulder. "I love you. Don't you know that yet?" She leaned over to take a drink from Lauren's water glass and as she put it back her arm brushed against Lauren's chest. She couldn't help it, Lauren shivered and her nipple hardened against the material of her shirt. Subtle. That cannot have been unintentional. There was no chance that Madeline hadn't noticed her reaction but she tried to keep her eyes on her page.
"How long is it since you had an orgasm?" Madeline asked, sounding amused.
"Pardon?" Lauren was not expecting quite that level of forwardness and didn't know what to say. "I can't remember."
Madeline relaxed back against her pillow.
"Yeah," she said. "It's been a while for me too." Lauren stayed quiet. "What book is it?"
"It's called Habitual Dawn."
"What's it about?"
Lauren turned to look at her, eye brows raised. 
"Come on, tell me? I like listening to you," Madeline responded. "Or is it embarrassing?"
"It is set in 1920's Ireland," Lauren began. "A girl raised by a very orthodox family gets sent to a convent to take her vows." Madeline stroked her arm lingeringly. "She finds the convent to be haunted and I think she is going to fall in love with one of the other novice nuns…" Madeline's hand moved to her waist, her stomach, her touch sensuous and Lauren stuttered her description to a stop.
"Keep going," Madeline said. "It's interesting. Why do you think she's falling in love?"
"She isn't right for the convent, she's a bad nun," Lauren continued, Madeline's hand something of a distraction.
"So it is a dirty book?"
"No! It's just, a little… avant-garde."
"It's okay if you're reading a dirty book, you know." 
Lauren started trying to explain in argument but it was clear that Madeline was teasing her, even as she babbled. She nuzzled at Lauren's shoulder eventually, kissed it again, moved to her neck. Lauren's words became muddled as she felt the heat emanating from Madeline's form and a strong sense of arousal descended on her. She stopped talking.
"Your voice is... I want to touch you," Madeline murmured and kissed the side of her neck, her lips damp and slightly parted. "I want to touch you so bad." She kept her lips brushing against Lauren's skin.
"You are touching me," Lauren said, her breathing was heavy. Madeline heard it and responded.
"I want to feel your hands on me, to kiss your mouth and have you kiss me back, to feel your breasts against mine. I want to make love to you, Lauren. I want you to let me and I want you to like it," she breathed. Lauren swallowed and shut her eyes. "You can say no and I'll still go to sleep so happy just to be with you again. But you should know how much I want to. How wrong you are when you say no one could want you. Because you are all I think about. And if there's a chance that you could want me back... Is there a chance?"
"There is more than a chance," Lauren said quickly and she felt Madeline quiver faintly at her words. "But what if it hurts us?" The possibility dripped with doubt.
"I know you're scared. I'm scared too but... I can't help it, I need to try." She slid her hand up from her waist and continued her rubbing against her ribcage, so close to the swell of her breast. It had been a very long time since she had felt this kind of touch and that it was Madeline was driving Lauren over the edge. Madeline knew everything and she still wanted her. Lauren's nipples strained sensitively against her shirt. She closed her book and put it aside.
"Are you sure? I'm..." Disgusting. But the yearning in her chest stopped her from saying it out loud. 
"I've never wanted anything so much in my life," Madeline whispered.
Lauren turned to face her. Madeline was so close, she peered into Lauren's eyes and brought her hand up to her neck, ran a thumb over her lips.
"You are so beautiful," she whispered then she kissed Lauren. Her kiss was gentle; it was done with love but the heat coming from her was intense and she almost sobbed when Lauren returned the kiss and reached for the hip Madeline had angled towards her. It was the first time she had ever touched Madeline intentionally in this way. She felt like an adolescent, innocent and new. Madeline's kiss deepened and her hand slid back down from Lauren's neck to cup her breast and scape against the hardness of her nipple. She put it up inside her shirt and Lauren drew a sharp breath as she rubbed, pulled at the nipple. It was the last slice of encouragement Madeline needed. She nearly growled in arousal and slid closer, pressing the length of her body against Lauren. She stayed like that, her kiss becoming more passionate, her body against Lauren's, her hand exploring. Lauren was not thinking much then, only concentrating on the electricity of Madeline's lips and her hands. She lost track of time. Finally Madeline pulled back.
"Do you know how good you feel?" she said. She topped her and with both hands under her shirt rubbing her nipples she peered down into her eyes. "I'll stop any time if you want me to." She observed Lauren's silence with lustful eyes and kissed her again, her need was obvious. Their mouths moved together like they were meant for each other. Lauren gripped her hips, ran her hands over the smooth skin of her waist. Madeline's lips, her tongue, her hands, her legs wrapped around her were all Lauren could feel right then. It didn't feel wrong at all. She returned the kiss, gave herself up to the hands on her breasts, and traced Madeline's curves with her fingers. Madeline flung the sheets back and pulled Lauren's and then her own clothing off. She straddled her again and pressed her mouth back to Lauren's. Her body was smooth and confident and burning hot. As much as Lauren had admired Madeline's form, it didn't compare to the sensation of skin on skin. 
"Tell me you want me to keep going?" she murmured into Lauren's mouth. She was checking to make sure Lauren was okay.
"Yes," Lauren whispered.
She pushed her hand down between Lauren's legs. She was so wet she felt her swollen lips part easily and Madeline's fingers slip between them. Lauren's eyes rolled back in her head and she shuddered at the sensation, it had been too long.
"I did this to you? Mmm," she said to Lauren huskily.  
Lauren put her hand up to Madeline's throat, just holding it there gently, she felt somehow comforted by it, as if it gave her a level of control.
Madeline's kisses indicated she didn't mind, maybe she understood. Her kiss was deep, passionate, never ending. She brought the hand that had been rubbing Lauren up and sucked on it.
"You taste sublime," she mumbled. "I want us to..." Lauren could see the need in her eyes as she trailed off. She repositioned herself and pushed herself against Lauren with a gasp. Lauren's sensitivity after so long without touch was immense, she moaned as they touched, their copious fluids mixing together.
Madeline ground herself against her, so slowly at first; becoming accustomed to the feeling, to the rhythm, fully enjoying it. Her tear ducts leaked as her eyes roamed over Lauren's naked form beneath her.  
"This feels so right," she whispered down at her. Her movements quickened, the slick flesh of their most intimate areas sliding against each other. She appeared almost as starved of sex as Lauren herself. Which couldn't be, Lauren thought, watching her writhing form. Even while they had been living and sleeping together, Madeline must have at least masturbated properly. Discounting the anticlimactic scene in the studio, Lauren had guiltily imagined her getting herself off in the shower. 
Thinking about this while Madeline fucked her now was bringing the experience to a different level. Lauren moaned and tried to clear her head. It wouldn't be long, she was going to lose control, for the first time in months. There was still a part of her that didn't want to, was afraid. But Madeline's movements kept on, Lauren's eyes refused to tear away from her and her body screamed out for release.
"It's okay. You can let go," Madeline rasped, flushed and desperate as she looked down at her. "Jesus, Lauren..." she broke off momentarily with choked grunt, and she slowed her movements briefly, leaned down and kissed her. She pulled back, eyes glued to Lauren, and increased her pace again and Lauren felt her orgasm coming on. "...Give yourself up to it. I want you to, I need you to," Madeline gasped.
Lauren's climax nudged, built, spilled over, wave upon wave of pleasure, the onset of which was followed rapidly by Madeline's; clearly she had only just been hanging on. She cried out and leaned down into Lauren's arched form, the tension in their bodies pressing together. Their orgasms were long then Madeline slid to her side and lay trembling against her.
For a moment, after her convulsions subsided, Lauren thought she was going to cry, she felt the pull, but it never happened. Madeline pulled her head around and kissed her again, softly, lovingly. She kissed her cheek, her neck, her shoulder, held her tightly and the urge to cry passed as if it had never occurred. Lauren lay, breathing heavily, staring up at the ceiling and thanking God then she got up to use the bathroom. She cleaned herself up and peered at her still flushed face in the mirror. It was okay, she thought. I'm alright. She slipped back into bed beside Madeline and lay on her side, facing her. Madeline stared at her, wide-eyed.
"Are you okay?" she asked quietly.
"I think so."
She felt for Madeline's hand and grasped it, stroking her thumb against hers. 
"I love you," Madeline whispered, brought her hand up to her mouth and kissed it. "We belong together." She fell asleep like that, her lips against Lauren's hand, breath on her skin. Lauren watched her until she dropped off herself not long after. 
She slept dreamlessly, but woke up just before 6am to find Gemma leaning up front paws against the bed and whining softly. Lauren smiled and slipped out of Madeline's sleeping arms, careful not to wake her. She fed Gemma and took her down to the lake. She felt an irresistible tug towards the studio so she brought the puppies bed in to keep her company, turned some music on low and picked up her charcoal. 
It was after ten when there was a light knock and Madeline stood in the doorway in her t-shirt and underwear, hair still messy from sleep. Lauren was surprised when the words so hot popped into her head, unaccompanied by guilt.
"How long have you been up?" she asked.
"A few hours," Lauren said and Madeline appeared upset to hear it.
"I'm sorry," she said. "I'm sorry about last night."
Lauren put her pencil down, went to her, but Madeline seemed unwilling to meet her eyes.
"You didn't like it," Lauren said, frowning. "You regret it."
"I loved being with you like that, it's what I've wanted all along. But I should have controlled myself, I was being selfish, you weren't ready."
"Why would you think that?"
"I fell asleep so quickly," she shook her head. "Then I woke up alone... You've been up for hours..."
"You were tired, I didn't want to wake you. Come and see," Lauren led her to the front of her easel. "Look at what my mind came up with after last night." Madeline peered at the drawing.
"It's incredible," she said with wonder. "It's me... And you," she narrowed her eyes as if she couldn't quite believe what she was seeing. "How did you do that? Did you use the mirror?"
Lauren shook her head with a smile and leaned forward to kiss her shyly on the lips.
"I'm sorry if I left you there feeling like you had done something wrong. You didn't."
"Really? You don't hate me?"
"Come here." Lauren pulled her into a hug. "I could never hate you. You're my muse."
Madeline held her tightly. "I thought you might want me to leave."
"No. It was an important step last night, I needed to process it. But it didn't feel wrong. It doesn't feel wrong. You were very gentle with me and I needed to know that I could enjoy sex again, that it wasn't the end of the world, so, thank you."
Madeline pulled her head from her shoulder, wiped her eyes and looked at her with a smile.
"You have been so patient already, but you're still going to have to be to be a bit careful with me. I hope you understand because I really want you to stay."
"Anything you need." Gemma nosed at Madeline's legs and she picked her up and gave her a squeeze. "I see you've managed to commandeer a prime spot for yourself?"
They walked for miles around the lake that day, taking in the landscape, heavily blanketed with snow. It was one of the most dazzling scenes Lauren had ever witnessed and she felt a powerful sense of serenity. 
The paths were crisp beneath their feet and the lake was frozen solid, but it had stopped snowing and the wind had died down. So much for the blizzard, Lauren thought.
"It's beautiful," Madeline said.
You are beautiful. As much as Lauren admired the setting, she kept stealing glances at Madeline. Even tightly wrapped up in her thick clothing she looked enticing, her cheeks rosy from the chill in the air. Something had definitely changed after last night, something big. She wasn't paralyzed by fear; Madeline had opened a door for her, showed her possibility for the future. There were still warnings in her head but they were being overpowered by a giddy sense of excitement and ...love. Despite what she had said that morning, Lauren did not want her to keep her distance. Madeline, however, seemed intent on heeding her words. She was being respectful. Lauren grabbed her gloved hand as they walked, talking softly together.
"How did you do it?"
"Do what?"
"Draw you and me like that together. It is truly amazing."
"I don't really know. I woke up at six and I felt a pull, maybe like one of your pulls. I started and it just seemed to come naturally."
"The thing is ...it's the way I would draw you, it's how I dream of you. I'm struggling to understand."
Lauren leaned over and surprised her with a kiss on the cheek, pulling quickly away before Madeline could react.
"Like I said, you are my muse. I'm only a conduit," she said.
"You're not only anything." 
"I have an idea I would like to try. You as an angel with the lake in the background. I've never done much in different white tones before. It would be highly experimental."
"Sounds interesting. A naked angel?"
"Hmm. Maybe start with a black dress, one that shows off your figure. See where it takes me."
"You don't want to start painting this morning's work?"
"I can do that anytime." I want you posing for me again.
Lauren started on the sketch later that night. It felt so good to have Madeline back sitting for her, though she was finding it difficult to concentrate and questioned whether she might have put it off until... Until what? It's unlikely my interest in Madeline is going to thaw anytime soon. But having her in front of her like this was working her up something chronic.
"You don't really need me to pose for you." Madeline nodded at her mornings work. "That is perfection defined."
"I like looking at you, you're gorgeous," Lauren said.
"Ah, the truth finally comes out. And all that time I thought you were seeing me as an artist does."
"An artist, yes. A human being as well. From your performance in here it did not seem like you wanted me to look at you only as an artist."
"I didn't think my plan had worked," Madeline chuckled. "Thought you were too clever." 
"Not clever enough. You are underneath my skin. In my head. And you really turn me on." Lauren had never been so verbally open with Madeline. It felt good and Madeline's expression said she liked it. "Have you just been trying to get in my pants all this time?"
"No! Not just anyway. I wanted to but I didn't have to. I mean, if you were off-limits, I still would have wanted to stay with you." Madeline gave an embarrassed laugh. "I'm not explaining myself very well."
"You have perseverance, I will say that," Lauren commented and Madeline smiled shrewdly.
"Have I ever told you how sexy your voice is?" she asked. "But I bet you've heard that a lot."
"Once or twice, it's the accent."
"Maybe, and a whole lot more. It's your huskiness, the words you use and the way you speak them. Smart and sexy. You could probably get me off just by talking to me." 
Lauren stared at her, charcoal poised in mid-air.
"Is that what you are expecting me to do? I would rather use my mouth for something else."
"Oh?" Madeline paused.
"Is that why you kept asking me to talk last night?"
"I think you already know the answer to that. Last night was ...the most incredible I've ever felt."
"Really..."
"I'm so embarrassed I just fell asleep." 
"You were overtired, and I needed to process, so it's all good." 
"But you should know... I've never felt a kiss like that. I've never felt such soft hands on me before. I've never had an orgasm that powerful. I don't even have the words..."
"You realize..." We can do better. She didn't say it, she would show her instead. She put her charcoal down. "Screw this." She checked Gemma who had conked out again after walking so much. She checked the clock, it was early, only 9pm, but she wanted Madeline's lips on hers again, wanted to show her how she felt. She studied Madeline's questioning expression then grabbed her by the hand and pulled her from the studio and into her bedroom. She turned to face her.
"You didn't get very far with the angel," Madeline said with a small smile. 
"Maybe I can get further with the one standing right in front of me. You haven't changed your mind about me, have you?" she asked.
"What?!" Madeline said in shock, then laughed. "You must be joking. You drive me wild. I've been dying to kiss you all day, but I didn't want to put pressure on you. It's okay that you want to take things slowly, I have self-restraint. I'm just so happy that you're giving us a chance."
Lauren stepped closer to her.
"Maybe I don't feel like taking things so slowly tonight. Maybe I don't want you exercising your self-restraint." She was so close their lips almost touched.
Madeline still held back. "Then will you drop yours?"
"Yes," Lauren mumbled then met Madeline's lips with her own. Their mouths, tongues danced together and Madeline put her arms around her and pulled her close. She tasted sweet, like the fruit salad they had eaten after dinner and Lauren felt their body heat combining. Lauren lifted the dress she'd so recently encouraged her to put on over her head, revealing the full magnificence of her figure. She ran the backs of her fingers from her throat, down the length of her body as she kissed her. Goosebumps formed over Madeline's skin and she pulled Lauren's own shirt off. Madeline allowed herself to be nudged down onto the bed, apparently happy with Lauren taking control, she contented herself with exploring Lauren's body with her soft hands and returning her kisses with fervor. Lauren stroked her bare breasts, her nipples hard, she squirmed under Lauren's touch. Lauren pulled back from her kiss and searched her lovely face.
"This is what you want?" Lauren asked.
"God, yes," she gushed.
Lauren licked her way down her throat and wrapped her mouth around a nipple. She sucked at it, pulled it between her lips, scraped her teeth against its tautness. She gave each nipple equal attention running her hand over her neck, waist and untended breast. Madeline's chest was heaving, she trembled and moaned softly. Lauren pushed her hand inside her underwear only to find them soaked through. If she had any doubts about whether Madeline found her desirable they were totally destroyed then. She was so ready. Lauren rubbed lightly, eliciting a loud groan from Madeline, before she removed her hand and gave her left nipple one final tug between her lips. 
"Fuck," Madeline gasped. "Please put your hand back," she begged.
Lauren came up and looked into her face with a glint in her eye.
"No," she said and Madeline looked tortured. Lauren kissed her neck, her mouth. "I want to go down on you," she said quietly. "Will you let me do that?"
"Mm," Madeline growled and threw her head back briefly. She pulled the hair back from Lauren's face. "You can do anything you want. But I'd rather cum looking into your eyes."
"Okay. But for now, just relax?"
Madeline nodded vigorously and Lauren smiled. She had a deep desire to make Madeline feel like the Goddess she was, to express exactly how much she cared about her. To make up for any way in which she had undervalued her. Any way anyone had undervalued her. Maybe this wasn't the ultimate method but it was an opportunity.
She kissed her way down Madeline's body, pulled her pants off and ran her tongue up the inside of each thigh. She kissed her lips lightly, licked them, ran her tongue the length of her slippery folds before sliding it between them. She pushed her tongue deep into her vagina and abundant, musky fluid rushed out to meet it; Madeline moaned loudly, uninhibited. The feel of Madeline's thighs trembling and her silky flesh between her lips was awe-inspiring. Lauren wanted to make it last as long as possible so she spread her attention evenly over her sensitive areas, licking her slowly and lovingly. In time she felt Madeline gyrating towards her mouth and her fingers buried in her hair and so she gave her what she needed most, probing her G-spot at a pace set by her own hips; she climaxed against Lauren's tongue loudly with a fresh gush of warm liquid. Lauren was pleased with the result. She lapped up some of the excess fluid before she came up to kiss Madeline's neck and mouth again.
"I'm really sorry," Madeline said breathlessly. "I was trying not to but ...Oh my God. That was intense."
"Don't be sorry, that was my intention. You deserved it, and so much more." Lauren planted kiss upon kiss over her neck and face. "I love you, is what I'm trying to say."
When she heard that Madeline wrapped her arms so tightly around Lauren it seemed like she wanted to merge with her. She cupped her face and Lauren looked into her cobalt eyes. Madeline pulled her mouth back against her own with such passion. She rolled Lauren over and straddled her, cupped her face again. 
"And are you one hundred percent comfortable with this?" She watched Lauren nod her head and smile. "Because I would really like to try and do what you just did."
"You don't have to, I just wanted to make up for last night. I must have seemed very inhibited."
"I need to make up for last night too. I really want to. Please?"
Lauren nodded again, smile still plastered on her face.
They learnt a lot about each other that night and when Lauren finally fell asleep she was happier than she had felt... Ever, was her last thought.
She woke up to find Madeline watching her. She smiled self-consciously when Lauren caught her.
"How long have you been watching me?"
"Not long. I just... It's the first morning I've woken up with your arm around me, instead of the other way round."
"It doesn't bother you, does it?"
Madeline laughed.
"I've never been so happy," she said. "You blow my mind."
"Who could have imagined we would have such sexual chemistry?" Lauren smiled.
"I imagined it." She pointed to the bottom of the bed where a furry bundle nestled comfortably against their legs. "We have company."
 
*

Two weeks went by, they stuck to their usual routine and began training Gemma properly. She was a quiet dog, as long as she got her walks. Their days were sprinkled with kisses and touches, making it a world apart from what it had been before. Lauren was surprised to find that Madeline seemed to sense the nights when she didn't want sex, and it appeared not to bother her at all. She held Lauren; their intimacy not tainted by fear or pressure. This was an unexpected sensation. Lauren had never felt so safe and loved. Gemma was coming out of her shell too. She had attained poise in her new home and was learning quickly what she was allowed to do and what she wasn't. She was well-behaved for such a young dog, but she had her moments of disobedience. Lauren absolutely adored her and was quickly gaining confidence of her own when it came to handling her. Madeline's presence helped a lot; she wasn't afraid to point out when Lauren was being too soft. One night they sat on the sofa, facing each other, legs up. Gemma was in her usual position on her bed and blanket, asleep.
Lauren gazed at the fire unseeing and Madeline nudged her bare foot with her own.
"You're spacing. What are you thinking about?"
"Weird stuff. Why do you think you were drawn here? To me in particular?"
"I used to drive myself crazy thinking about the what and why of it all, I don't anymore. I just accept it."
"I was thinking about my grandparents. Do you believe consciousness lives on after death?"
"I consider myself agnostic, I don't think we're in a state to understand such things. Historically, trying to do so has inevitably resulted in some form of insanity." Madeline gazed at her. "You're thinking I'm not pulled, but sent..."
"Maybe, I don't know," Lauren shook herself lightly and decided Madeline was right, it was not a subject that could be resolved; she changed it. "I was also thinking about Christmas. What are your plans?"
"I have none," Madeline replied without hesitation.
"None at all? You are not even going to see your parents?"
"They don't celebrate Christmas, they never have. Even if they did, you know I don't get along with them."
"You were raised in a home without Christmas? And I thought your past couldn't get any sadder than it was," she said with a shake of her head. She had been feeling a lot more playful lately. Madeline made a face and kicked her.
"I'm making up for it now, anyway," she said.
"My parents go all out for Christmas," Lauren said wistfully. "They have this habit of inviting strays around. Friends, co-workers, neighbors; people they run into at the supermarket, the parish priest. I used to find it off-putting, but this year I might be able to appreciate it."
"You're going to see them? I can take care of the house for you while you're gone."
"I'm not leaving you on your own for Christmas, it wouldn't feel right. I know you are a bit reclusive but it would mean a lot if you came with me, just for a couple of days. The house will be fine."
"What?"
"I asked if you would come with me to my parents' for Christmas."
"That's what I thought you said." Madeline appeared to be struggling with the question. "You want me to meet your parents?"
"Yes," Lauren said plainly.
"I... As what?"
"As the love of my life. What else?" She narrowed her eyes challengingly.
"They would be okay with that?" Madeline asked; she seemed surprised. 
"They would be overjoyed."
"No kidding?"
"Of course not. I've been wracked with guilt for a while; I've left them worrying about me for too long. But it isn't just guilt, I want them to meet you, I want them to see how happy I am and that I'm serious about you. And you will like them, I know it."
"What about Gem?"
"She would come with us, of course. An adventure, she'll love it."
The sweet smile on Madeline's face darkened after a moment.
"My folks wouldn't react well to me being with a woman. If you ever meet them you would have to be prepared for some serious attitude," she said with a worried expression.
"Consider me warned. Mine don't have any problem with it. My father was always more relaxed with the idea of me being with a woman than a man. But if you are uncomfortable being open about us then we could just go as friends. I want to spend Christmas with all of you. If you don't want to..."
"I do," Madeline interrupted quickly with a smile. "I really want to. I want to get to know the people responsible for making someone like you. They must be perfect."
"Hardly," Lauren chuckled. "But they are good people, just like you. They will be so happy to see how well I am. They will love you forever." She leaned forward, put her forehead into Madeline's shoulder. "Thank you. I'm actually looking forward to it."
"They speak English, right?" she asked.
"Wait a minute," Lauren said pulling away with a frown. "Are you saying you don't speak French? Oh no," she shook her head sadly. "This is a deal breaker. You will have to leave now."
Madeline poked her in the ribs and she squealed. 
"Stop! Give," she gasped. "Yes! They speak American."
Madeline relented, relaxed back and twined her hand into Lauren's with a satisfied expression.
"If you think it's okay, I want to be open about us too."
"Whew," Lauren breathed. "That is a relief. I am not sure how successful I could be at pretending otherwise."
"What do we tell them about how we met?" she asked.
"The truth. You ran out of gas, stayed for a couple of days and never left. We'll say I took a page out of their book by inviting a stray in, then I got sick and you helped me. You started posing for me and deviously seduced me," she smiled. "It's not as if they need all the gory details. My mother will be mad that I didn't tell her I had someone with me before. I really want to make us work, are you okay with me getting serious about you?"
"I've been hoping for it ever since I met you," Madeline said with a huge smile.
"But... Well, you know it's not always going to be easy with me."
"Are you suggesting it's easy sometimes?" she asked, her eyes shining. "Seriously, I don't even want to think about how hard it would be without you. You've unlocked me."
"I've unlocked a Key? That is an achievement."
"Hmm. So..." Madeline looked smug. "How many women have you been with exactly?"
"Why do you ask?" Lauren said with interest. "Are you jealous?"
"No. It's just that your parents know and ...you're pretty talented with your tongue."
"There was only one," Lauren admitted. "But it was quite serious. Two years, and yes, my parents met her."
"Why'd you split?"
"Circumstance," Lauren shrugged. "We graduated, she got a job in Tokyo. A couple of years later she came back to New York and we got together again. But it wasn't the same, the connection had been severed. We cut our losses and said goodbye."
"Now I'm a little jealous."
"Don't be. We were young. What I feel for you is... It's just completely different and so much stronger. I'm not the same person I was then. Something tells me you might not have liked that person so much."
"She chose a job in Tokyo over you?"
"She was half Japanese, but she hadn't spent much time there, she wanted to get to know the culture. But she found that she didn't appreciate it, she missed America."
"You mean, she missed you?"
"No. She didn't like it there, it was too different. Too sexist, she said, and racist. She said she was treated way better than her co-workers just because she was half-white." Lauren mused and Madeline looked confused.
"You're talking about inverted racism?"
"I suppose, either way, not something she was used to or could put up with for long. Anyway, I could have gone with her. We both made our choices, like I said, we were young."
"I would never leave you like that."
"You'll have to eventually."
"Why?" Madeline quickly adopted an expression of panic.
"Because at some point you'll have another feeling and you will have to follow it."
"No pull could ever be strong enough to keep me away from you for long, trust me on that."
"Honestly..." Lauren began thoughtfully, "if it were you leaving, I might need to come with you. You shouldn't have to face these things alone anyway, maybe I could help. We could be seen as crazy together."
"I knew it all along, I knew you were my soul mate," she said and shook her head slowly with a smile. Lauren observed her as she seemed to be working something through in her head. "What you were asking about before. Why I was drawn here? I can't answer precisely, but …we needed each other."
"Come on," Lauren said, raising her eyebrows. "I needed you."
"No, no. Hear me out. All you really needed was someone to keep you company, someone who understood without having to be told. Any number of people could have given you the care I did but it would have been moot. You wouldn't have accepted it because you felt too alienated. You were way different than any of my other feelings, you had something to offer in return. Something I needed badly -acceptance, appreciation. We were a perfect fit, it's just that simple for me." Madeline smiled and changed her tone. "So, this woman, she was really the only one?"
"Yes. I had other opportunities which I declined."
"Why?" Madeline asked and Lauren shot her an odd look.
"Because, like you, I've never been the type to fall into bed with just anyone."
"Sorry," Madeline chuckled. "I'm green, aren't I?"
Lauren twirled her fingers around Madeline's thoughtfully, frowning.
"I don't like that expression. In my opinion, innocence is a good thing and green is the color of envy."
Madeline gave her a long, penetrating stare.
"I am so fucking in love with you," she said. 
"You are?" Lauren put her hand on her chest in mock surprise. "I'm shocked! What would your parents think?"
"Hmm. They'll have to suck it because I'm going to marry you one day."
"Oh, really? You seem very sure about that."
"I'm sure," she said nodding and regarding Lauren. "I just need to wear you down a little more. I know how well you respond to perseverance."
"Careful, overconfidence can get you in trouble," Lauren admonished, aware of exactly how right she was. Lauren wanted her around forever.
"There mi..." Madeline started but Lauren cut her off with her mouth. She adored the feel of Madeline's lips against her own. Madeline had been right all along, they fit together. Lauren pulled back and looked at her.
"So, Christmas in New York?" She watched Madeline nod with a smile. "This time, we fly though," she added before she pressed her lips back to Madeline's.
 
END
 

About the Author
 I started writing in June 2017. My plan was to write four short stories, all following similar themes and styles. They were to be experimental, to see what I was capable of and which direction my mind would go in. With the third story I swerved off course a bit but that's okay, it was interesting. The Lake is the final story. I have not shown them to anyone prior to publishing on smashwords so have had no external input; any feedback at all would therefore be appreciated. 

Other titles by Sasha McCallum
Bathrooms & Psychiatric Offices
The Reader & The Writer
There Will Be Blood
The Arrangement
Daughter of Night
Said the Spider
Oculi
Pretty Ugly Place
Tinderbox

Connect with Sasha McCallum
mccallumsasha@gmail.com
 
 
 
 
 
 












