The Mullinix
Book 1:  Ascension
 
This book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
 
All Rights Reserved
Copyright © 2003 by Rodney Mountain
Reedit © 2017 by Rodney Mountain
 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Other Titles by Rodney Mountain
 
Immortal Universe Novels
 
The Healy Murders
The Accidental Immortal
Undercover
The Killer Strikes
Anoki's Revenge
The Immortal Progression
Corporate Immortality
Not With a Whisper
The Mullinix: Redemption
The Mullinix: Resolution
 
Other Works
 
Durell’s Insurrection 
Night Strike (Short Story Anthology)
The Black Fossil


Dedication

This book is dedicated to my wife, Jennifer.  Without her support and her tolerance none of my books would ever have made it this far.

Sometimes she complains of being a book widow because I spend so much time writing these things, but I know she wants me to succeed at it and she's done nothing but encourage me along the way.

So this book, the first of mine that she actually truly liked, is dedicated to her and her alone.


"Under No Circumstances should anyone who could make themselves the Mullinix be allowed to do the job."       

-- Marcus Mullinix



 



Prologue

The large meeting chamber had been the center of power in the Mullinix Empire for nearly two thousand years, but walking into it you often wonder why they didn't spend more time or money in trying to fix it up nicer.  Instead, it was built from solid stone and mortar construction much like any permanent government building in the empire.
Unlike the opulent thrones other empire seats often used the main receiving chamber was set up with simple furniture.  The three Mullinix seats were at the front of the chamber, sitting at floor level with tables to either side.  This made it possible for them to be able to lay down files without hiding behind a desk.
Only two of the three chairs were filled most times, especially for the handling of standard criminal and civil claims.  This duty was usually the province of the current Mullinix, often with the assistance or observance with the Mullinix-apprentice.  The Elder tended to come and go as he pleased, being semiretired and only there for his experience.
No one person ruled the Mullinix Empire.  There were always three of them, usually a generation apart, The Mullinix, the Mullinix-Elder and the Mullinix-Apprentice.  This ensured a stable government that was able to withstand the ravages of time and transition.
The three Mullinix are never related by blood or by anything other than service to their nation.  The existing Mullinix always recruit the new apprentice from the pools of young people who go every year to begin serving their country.  They come from many different races, creeds, or sex but share one common trait.  They are the last people who ever wanted the job.
The Mullinix, the one man (or sometimes a woman) who holds the final decision making power in the Empire is usually between thirty and sixty years of age, though they had been both younger and older at various times.  They sit in the middle seat and have the pressure of the empire squarely on their shoulders.   
Before one can become The Mullinix, however, a person must serve as an apprentice.  This is the lowest ranking Mullinix, as the current Mullinix and the Mullinix-Elder conduct the training required to make a young person into a wise and fair ruler for a nation.  
The Mullinix-Elder is the longest serving of the three Mullinix.  On the death of the Elder, the current Mullinix gets to retire from active service and take this position of respect.  Their job is usually to teach the apprentice and lend experience and knowledge to the current Mullinix.  This is often an active role, but in cases where both the Mullinix and Apprentice have been long serving this often becomes a semi-retirement.
Whenever a Mullinix dies, be it Elder, Current or Apprentice, The ones below go up a rank.  At most times, this goes smoothly, with the Elder being the one to go and the other two ascending.  If a current Mullinix dies, as has happened in the past, the Apprentice ascends and a new apprentice is chosen.  Because of travel restrictions, no more than two Mullinix ever traveled together and there had never been two deaths any closer than six months apart.
As stated before, they choose the apprentice from the hundreds of youths that begin their three years of service to the Mullinix Empire.  These youths are always in their first six-month period of service, where they learn civic duty and responsibility as well as training for the jobs they will fill for the remaining months of civil service.  
Candidates for Mullinix ascension are always identified before going to the service center.  This is done with testing while in school and the candidates are observed during this six-month period.  This is done regardless of expected death to always have a quick transition.  In most classes, the preparation is fruitless and the candidates never know of the status that they are held in.  It is not until the death of a Mullinix that these procedures are used.
The current Mullinix and Apprentice, both having served in their respective positions for an extremely long time at nearly twenty-five years, were sitting in their respective seats in the chamber, both looking tired and worn down by the constant string of cases they'd heard that day.  They were the rulers, men who had the awesome responsibility of running the empire.  They were also men who would rather be anywhere else.
The third chair was empty as of late, as the Mullinix-Elder had fallen ill several days before.  The system was getting ready to work again, and as always, a young budding citizen that would rather have nothing to do with ruling will get put in the position of having to do so.  It has worked this way for two millennia, and it is probably how it will work for many more…

Chapter 1 - Service Center

"Listen up!" the big man yelled, "We need to line you up by last name.  We've got a lot of things to get settled today, so let's get busy!"
Several young men wearing the identical gray uniforms that signified they were in the last semester of their citizenship service period helped get the young men and women into their lines.  There was a lot of chatter, something not unexpected considering all the young people were eighteen years of age.
"Salmand," one of the young men in gray said, "Stainway, Stalken, Steele, Sutcliffe, Suvorov.  There are six of you so they will probably leave you as a group for now.  Stay in order so we can get this organized."
Copeland Steele pushed his brown hair back and looked around at the people around him.  He'd never been much for making friends, preferring to retreat inside and read.  He'd been dreading his service requirement for several years, but knew that he had no choice.  Everyone had to do it.  There were no exceptions from that requirement in the Mullinix Empire.
"Hey mate," the thin kid next to him said and offered his hand, "I'm Simon Sutcliffe.  Who're you?"
"Copeland Steele," he said, shaking the kid's hand, "Do you get the feeling we're not in school anymore?"
"Sure as heck, man," Simon cackled, "It'll be all right though.  My brother said that his service period was fun, spent it in a mail facility.  He must have liked it.  He's still working for the post office, living in Immortal Park now."
"I'm hoping for a simple civil service posting," Copeland smiled, "I don't think I'd do well in the military."
Copeland Steele was not overly small, but he wasn't particularly well-built either.  That was the one thing he truly dreaded, the mere thought of having to pick up a weapon in the military.  In some ways, he envied Simon who was so small that it was unlikely they'd choose him for military service.
"So where are you from, Steele?" Simon asked him, deciding to ignore the burly one next to him that looked about as interesting as a bag of rotten cheese, "You have to travel far?"
"I'm from Skolnik," Copeland said, "About three leagues from the Northeastern border with Siraq.  It was a four-hour train ride to get here."
"Cool, cool," Simon nodded, "I'm from right here in Mullinix Centre.  Being up near Siraq I'd think they would have sent you to the Service Academy up north."
"I don't know why, but I'm glad," Steele shrugged, "If you are Military you go out to that one because a higher percentage of their people go military.  I guess they wanted me here for some reason."
"I hear that," Simon nodded, giggling a little, "I hope they get this over with soon.  I'm getting sick of standing out here."
"Be glad you weren't born before June," Steele chuckled, beginning to like the small guy, "Otherwise we'd be trudging through snow for this."
"Nahh," Simon shrugged, "Not here.  We get snow, but not too much."
"Must be nice," Steele told him, "We get…"
"Quiet!" the big man up front yelled, "Listen up!  Superintendent Strode will now address you!"
"Thank you," Superintendent Strode, a large and rather dull looking individual, said, "Ladies and Gentlemen, today you start to learn what being a citizen of the Mullinix Empire is really about.  You begin a journey today that will take you from the children you enter today as to the men and women you will become in the future.
"The Mullinix Empire was founded nearly two thousand years ago and has maintained its stability by being both rigid in its traditions and fluid in its makeup.  By the time you leave this campus, some six months from now, you will know what you need to know to be a good citizen.
"The future of the empire is in you, its young people.  Today you will be assigned places to sleep.  You have a lot of work in front of you, but I promise that someday you will look back and realize why we do things the way we do.  Your lessons will start tomorrow in earnest, but listen and learn today.  You will learn more from the people around you than you will in your classes.
"Enjoy this time, young people.  This is going to be the hardest and most rewarding three years of your life.  You may not think so now, but things will never be the same again."
Superintendent Strode left the podium and walked off into the building leaving the new students alone with their handlers.  Copeland Steele and Simon Sutcliffe looked at each other, both shrugging.
"Man," Simon said, "My brother wasn't kidding about how much a windbag he is."
"Shh," Copeland giggled, "You'll get us in trouble."
"No he won't," a gray said, smiling, "I said much the same thing when I went through it 18 months ago."
"Who are you?" Copeland asked, looking at the smiling Gray.
"I'm Pete Lomax," the Gray said, "Looks like I'm assigned to you guys for the duration."
"When do we get to go to the range?" Rav Suvorov asked, "This is boring."
"Later guy," Lomax said, his disdain showing, "We've got to get our sleeping quarters before we do anything else.  I'll answer questions when we get to our suite."
"Suite?" Copeland asked earning a shrug from Simon, "I thought we got a bunk?"
"It's not much more than that," Pete Lomax said, "You'll see in a few minutes.  Let's go."

Chapter 2 - The Mullinix Chamber

Mullinix Insegniferro was a slight, frail looking man that with thick glasses and a plume of snow-white hair looked more like an aging schoolteacher than the ruler of a nation.  He looked every one of his 54 years as he proclaimed a death sentence for a multiple murder.  It was something he hated doing, but it was the job of the Mullinix to pass a proper sentence for the crime, in this case the heinous murder of three children.
Mullinix-Apprentice Massimaferro was on the opposite scale, a burly man of relatively dark coloration that was only beginning to look anywhere near his 48 years of age.  His eyes were attentive, watching the reactions of the crowd to make sure that something didn't catch him that would mean they made a mistake.  Seeing nothing, he kept his silence as the parties left the room.
"Mullinix sir," the page said, "There are no more cases waiting for today."
"About time," Insegniferro said with a sigh of relief, "I've had enough of this for today."
"You will miss sitting in that chair," Massimaferro laughed, his booming voice carrying through the hall, "You've been doing it so long staying quiet will be torture."
"On the contrary," Insegniferro said, standing up and putting his ceremonial hat on the table beside him, "I will be relieved that all I have to do is keep you in line."
"We'll see," Massimaferro nodded, "Unfortunately it looks as though we'll see sooner instead of later."
"Page," Insegniferro said, "Has the Medico said sent down word on Taliaferro's condition?"
"Mullinix-Elder Taliaferro is awake and alert," the page said, "He wanted to come down and watch the session from the balcony, but the medico wouldn't let him get up."
"Good," Massimaferro said, "He needs to rest."
"Mullinix-Elder Taliaferro did send down a request to see you, however," the page said, "He asked for me to deliver the message when you finished with today's sessions."
"Of course," Massimaferro nodded, "Would you kindly let him know that we'll be there after we stretch a little and get some coffee."
"Certainly Mullinix," the page agreed and bowed before he left to run upstairs.
"Polite boy," Massimaferro said, watching him, "Who is he?"
"He is one of the orphans," Insegniferro said, "His mother died of the fever a few years ago.  His father was one of our soldiers in the conflict down south."
"We still need to deal with that encroachment," Massimaferro said, "Facie is still pissed that we accepted Cirrus City's bid for freedom from Mavelan tyranny."
"It's been twenty years," Insegniferro sighed, "You'd think they'd just learn to forget about it by now."
The two men walked into the back part of the palace and went into the huge stone kitchen.  Two of the young women from the house staff had already heard that the session was ending so the afternoon coffee was already brewing.  There were two pots out on the stove for them, one weaker one for Insegniferro and one that was almost like mud, the same type that Massimaferro learned to drink on the fishing boats as a teenager.
"You think the end is coming, don't you Iggy?" Massimaferro asked the older man, using the informal version of his Mullinix name, "Tali won't be around much longer, will he?"
"If there was ever a man with more of an excuse for a natural death it is Tali," Iggy shrugged, "He's among the oldest Mullinix ever to live.  Most don't make it much past seventy or eighty.  Tali will be ninety-five this year.  He's even outlived one of his successors, something that doesn't happen often around here, Massy."
"You were brought in to apprentice Crianferro, right?" Massimaferro, better known to his close circle as Massy, said as he nodded his head, "But he had a heart attack of some sort, didn't he?"
"We think so," Iggy told him, "He died young too.  Not much older than you are."
"I suppose we'd better go see him," Massy sighed, "It's hard to see him wasting away like this."
"Nothing else we can do," Iggy told him, "Just make sure you keep upbeat.  He's got enough to worry about without him being worried about leaving us to take over."
"Optimism will be the name of the day," Massimaferro promised as he sucked down the last of his coffee, "I promise."
As they walked up the winding stone staircase, they both wished they could feel that same optimism inside as they were trying to project to each other.  It was hard when they knew that someone they had known and worked with closely was dying.

Chapter 3 - The Suites

"This is your suite," Peter Lomax told the younger men, "There are three rooms here along with a shared bathroom.  One of those rooms is mine, the smallest one.  The other two both have three beds each.  This open area in front of the bathroom and my room is the common area.  This is where we'll be conducting small group activities."
"Gotta love shared quarters," Copeland Steele muttered, not liking the idea much.
"Only three is going to be cool for me," Simon Sutcliffe grinned, "I've had to share a room with four of my younger brothers for years.  I'm glad to be getting out of there."
"Ok," Lomax said, "Steele, Sutcliffe, and Suvorov get the room on the right.  The rest of you get the one on the left."
"Great," Suvorov sneered, "I get to room with these two pipsqueaks."
"I assure you," Simon said, mischief in his eyes, "We're nearly as thrilled about the prospect as you are."
Suvorov said nothing and went into the room, taking the bed on the right and moving it as far from the other two as he could.   Neither Steele nor Sutcliffe really had any problems with that, as they didn't like Suvorov anymore than he seemed to like them.
"Lovely fellow, isn't he?" Copeland said to Simon as he walked in, "So which side do you want?"
"I'll flip you for having to take the one closest to Suvorov," Simon offered, pulling out an empire stainless steel coin.
"Deal," Steele said, "You flip I'll call in the air."
Simon flipped the coin in the air and Copeland waited for half a second before calling what he wanted.
"Mullinix," Copeland said just as Simon caught the coin.
The Mullinix Empire currency came in decimal units, with coins being the smallest of them.  On one side of the coin was an image of the Mullinix that was in power when it was stamped, the other side was a generic logo for the empire, said to have been designed by Marcus Mullinix himself.  Simon waited for a second to build up the suspense before raising his hand and showing Copeland the smiling picture of Insegniferro.
"Good call," Simon grumped, "I guess I'll get the middle bed."
While the three boys were getting their stuff unpacked Pete Lomax came into the room and looked at the way things were positioning out.  He was slightly concerned about Suvorov's apparent isolation, but knew from what little he'd seen of the large man that it was probably for the best.
"Looks like you're getting settled," Lomax said, nodding his approval, "You three have got about thirty minutes before the evening meal.  All of us in this unit will get to eat together at a table in the hall.  Most of the time we'll just be coming back from classes and seeing each other for the first time that day."
"Do we have to see each other at all?" Suvorov asked hopefully.
"Yes," Lomax nodded, "Part of the training here is getting to know each other.  That's how you learn to work with people."
"Guess that lets Suvorov out," Simon muttered, catching a stern look from Suvorov and a giggle from Copeland.
"Enough of that," Lomax said shaking his head, "I'll see you guys in a few.  Get ready for the absolute best in mediocre food."
Copeland and Suvorov looked puzzled at that remark, but Simon actually laughed.  He'd heard about the food in the academy from his older brothers.  It had its few proponents, but generally it was legendary in its mediocrity.
"The food here is nothing to write home about," Simon explained, "It is about as mediocre as it can really be without actually being bad.  There are legends here about just how much work it takes to make something quite so tasteless."
"You really know how to build up a meal," Copeland said distastefully.
"Better than our boys at the front have," Suvorov sneered, "What I wouldn't give to be out with them, sitting by the fire in the off time before the next fight."
"You need some serious help," Copeland said, looking at Suvorov, "You actually want to be out there where people are getting killed?"
"I want to be the one killin' em!" Suvorov exclaimed, "You don't win wars by dying, you win them by killing the enemy!"
"Why do you want to be in a war?" Simon asked him, "That's what I don't get."
"My family has been in the army for generations," Suvorov said proudly, "A member of my family has died in every major war we've ever had.  I intend to honor their memories and be the best soldier for the Mullinix I can be."
"I guess I can understand that," Copeland shrugged, "More power to you, Suvorov."
"Come on, guys," Lomax said, popping his head into the room, "It's time to eat."
Suvorov was the first one up and ready to go.  Simon, knowing the food would be only fair to middling was slower.  Copeland, who had never eaten with more than four people at once in his life was not thrilled about doing it and dragged his feet.  Simon almost had to drag him along.
"Come on!" Simon exclaimed, "You'll be older than Taliaferro by the time we get there at this rate!"
That was something Copeland Steele thought he could live with.

Chapter 4 - Taliaferro

Insegniferro and Massimaferro walked down the hallway and found the young medico who had been treating Mullinix-Elder Taliaferro sitting in a chair outside his room.  She was a blonde woman in her late thirties pouring over a chart that indicated the progress of the old man.
"Medico Rasten," Insegniferro said, offering a hand to the younger woman, "Have you got any news for us?"
"It's definitely the wasting sickness," she said, nodding to Massimaferro as well, "Either the lungs or one of the other internal organs.  Considering his age it could easily be any of them, if not all."
They knew that this was a grave diagnosis, as the wasting sickness was still a disease that was hard to treat, especially in someone as old as Taliaferro.  Neither one questioned Medico Rasten, as she was one of the brightest spots in the medical system.  She split her time between specialized cases and high profile ones, taking time out to teach younger students in between.
"How long does he have?" Massimaferro asked, "And how much longer is he going to be lucid?"
"He'll most likely be lucid to the end since it is in the lower body," the medico told him, "As for how long he has, it could be days or it could be weeks.  Whatever your process is for bringing in another Mullinix, I'd suggest you get it started.  He's probably holding on by sheer will at this point."
"How about his spirits?" Insegniferro asked her, "How much have you told him?"
"He hasn't asked directly," Medico Rasten said, shrugging, "But he knows me and recognizes me.  He's guessed by now.  I'll leave it to you to do anything else."
"Right," Insegniferro nodded, "Can we go see him?"
"He'll start yelling soon if you don't," Medico Rasten smiled, "I'm giving him pain medication when I can, but he gets mad if he gets too muddled."
"He would," Massimaferro nodded, "Thanks medico."
The two Mullinix entered the room to see the frail old man sitting upright in his bed.  The wasting sickness had caused the once sizable man to lose over eighty pounds in a matter of months.  His cheeks were sunken and he looked considerably older than his ninety-five years.  The one thing that was still recognizable, however, was the fire in his eyes that had been with him all his life.
"About time you two showed up," Taliaferro said, making eye contact like he always did, "Anything interesting in the chamber today?"
"The natives down south are getting frisky again," Insegniferro said, ignoring the elephant in the room and deliberately getting down to business, "Massy had to sit through the minor squabbles while I dealt with the latest batch of bullshit from the Mavelans."
"You just wanted to get out of hearing cases," Taliaferro grunted, "Did you at least listen to some?"
"He took the murder case at the end of the day," Massy said, coming to Iggy's defense, "That was a nasty one."
"Those usually are," Taliaferro said, nodding his head in satisfaction, "So what did Blondie say about my condition?"
"She said you're sick," Iggy said, not beating around the bush, "Badly so."
"It's the wasting sickness," Taliaferro agreed, "I'd been guessing it for months, just didn't want to deal with it."
"You knew?" Massy asked, "Why didn't you get help sooner?"
"It wouldn't have helped," Taliaferro shrugged, "My time is coming to an end.  What are they going to do?  Cut me open?  I'm ninety-five years old.  I'd never wake up.  I'd rather die here in chamber than on a medico's operating table in the hospital."
"You're not going to die that soon," Iggy protested, "I want your job, but not at that price, Tali."
"Bullshit," Taliaferro said firmly, "You deserve this job.  You got a raw deal when Crianferro died as young as he did.  Nobody should have to be Mullinix for as long as you have with as little training as you got.  It's Massimaferro's turn to deal with all the bullshit."
"Gee, thanks," Massy said, his eyes rolling.
"Now have you decided on a replacement yet?" Tali asked them seriously, "I want you to be ready to go when it happens.  You have warning, I expect you to use it."
"There are several candidates in the pool," Iggy said, "They just arrived today so it will be a few days before we can start vetting them down."
"Make it quick," Tali urged them, "I don't know how much longer I have, but I'm guessing it isn't long. Don't get caught with your pants down.  You need to have the new Mullinix ready to go within hours of my death.  People get nervous if you don't."
"It isn't that urgent is it, Tali?" Massy asked him, "You've been sick before."
"As I said, I've known this was coming," Taliaferro coughed, "I didn't want to face it until now.  Now, I can't hide it anymore."
"Why hide it?" Iggy exclaimed, "Why the hell didn't you say anything, Tali?"
"Because," Taliaferro said, "If you knew you'd act like you are now.  I didn't want to deal with that.  I'm dying.  I'm ninety-five.  I should have gone years ago.  The Empire will soon be in your hands, boys.  I did my best to train you and I think I did well.  Now it's time for my end to come.  If I know Edwina as well as I think I do she probably has several candidates already.  Talk to her and talk to each other.  You'll have to work with this boy for many years.  Choose well."
"We will," Massy promised, "You know that."
"I know," Taliaferro nodded, his aged face smiling a little, "I need to sleep now.  When you talk to Edwina get the best candidates.  If I'm feeling better I'll look over them with you tonight in front of the fire."
"Let's just hope that it isn't needed too soon," Iggy said and stood up, "We'll be back later."
"Just be prepared," Taliaferro said, "Don't get caught with your pants down like we did with Crianferro."
"Right," Iggy nodded, "Come on, Massy.  Let him rest."
"Later Tali," Massimaferro said as he dragged his large frame out of the room.
The two men walked down the hall, looking like a rather ordinary Mutt and Jeff team.  Massimaferro towered a good six inches over his more scholarly looking senior.  Insegniferro looked up at Massimaferro and knew that neither one of them had been prepared for this, despite Taliaferro's advancing age.
"What did he mean caught with your pants down?" Massimaferro asked Iggy, "I thought Crianferro had been sick for years when he died?"
"We all turned a blind eye to that," Insegniferro explained, "We all knew he had problems, but Crian kept to himself.  He was always sickly, but the heart attack that killed him pretty much blindsided us.  He doesn't want us to have to scramble for him like he and I did for Crian."
"I can understand that," Massy sighed, "So what do we do?"
"Talk to Edwina," Iggy shrugged, "He's right.  We have to be prepared.  It may not happen tomorrow, but it will happen this session.  We might as well pick the kid and be able to just pull him out of class."
"You go talk to Edwina," Massimaferro said, "I'm going to go for a walk.  I need some time to deal with this."
"No problem," Iggy chuckled, "I was just about as dazed as you are, probably more so.  At least you are getting some warning before you ascend.  I was sitting in my chamber reading a book when Mariana came in to tell me the news.  It was chaos because Crian was due to meet the King of Siraq in the chamber when they found him."
"That asshole?" Massy said, "I can understand why Crian chose to have a heart attack rather than meet with him."
"No," Iggy laughed, "The current King's father.  He wasn't so bad.  That new guy is a pain in the ass."
"Anyway," Massy said, "I'll be with you in a bit.  I'm going to the balcony to watch."
"Don't let it eat you up," Iggy warned him, "What we do is important.  We have to bring someone in."
"I know," Massy said and nodded as he walked off.
Massimaferro walked over to the balcony that overlooked the civil schooling area and watched all the young men and women heading over towards the mess hall to eat their first meals as Citizen Service Students.  
He almost pitied them, for he remembered what that food had been like.  He also knew that whomever they chose to take the Apprentice spot would be wishing almost immediately for the bland food again, for even though the food as a Mullinix was better, the job wasn't worth it.

Chapter 5 - After Dinner

"Ahh," Suvorov said, patting his flat stomach roundly as he walked into the room, "A meal fit for a soldier of the Empire."
"Leave it to him to think that was great," Simon said, shaking his head and going to his bunk, "The meal was everything my brother told me it would be."
"Did he tell you that it would be bland, boring and tasteless?" Copeland Steele asked him, "'Cause I can't see it being described as anything else."
"You two don't know good when you have it," Suvorov said, "The cook here is better than me mum's cooking."
"I truly pity you then, Suvorov," Copeland said, "I already miss the food back home.  Everything is spiced, sometimes to the point where it will bring tears if you don't drink enough water with it."
"Man," Simon told him, "I don't know about that, but I'd settle for it not tasting like it came out of a cardboard factory."
"Now, now," Peter Lomax said as he came into the door, "That's no way to talk about the food here."
"How do you stand that crap day in and day out?" Copeland asked him, "Simon is right. It tastes like cardboard."
"Giving it too much credit, Steele," Lomax pointed out, "That would imply it had some taste."
"It's better than our boys get down south," Suvorov protested, "They are fighting and dying to keep our freedom…"
"We know, Rav," Lomax said, cutting him off and using his first name for the first time, "That is what this is about, to teach you about the freedom of the Empire."
"I'm sure you'll get your chance to die in battle soon enough, Suvorov," Simon deadpanned, earning a glare from him, "So what's on the agenda for tonight?"
"You've had your official orientation," Peter Lomax told them, "It's time to learn a bit more informally what goes on here.  I figured that we'd all talk for a bit."
"Just the three of us?" Copeland asked him.
"All seven, actually," Peter said, "It's time to meet the other people you'll be living with for at least the next six months.  Come on out into the commons, we'll get to know each other."
"All right," Simon said, "Come on, Copeland.  Let's see who we're going to be spending time with."
"Hopefully they will be more suitable than you two," Rav Suvorov said as he passed by them.
"Man," Simon said, "This is going to be a long six months living with this guy."
"Don't worry," Peter chuckled, "He's just dealing with it differently.  It'll be all right."
Simon and Copeland weren't so sure, but they went out and joined the others in the common area.  The common area had two empire issue couches, the same type that you would find in most Empire offices.  They were nothing special, simple cushions that you could sit on semi-comfortably.
"All right," Peter said, sitting in a simple hardback chair, "You all know that you're here to start your Empire service training.  Do you all know why you are here?"
There were some murmurs, ranging from the meek no to Simon's resounding yes.  The same thing was going on in the other common areas all around the compound.  Lomax had done the same thing when he had gone through this from the other end.
"Since you seem adamant that you know," Peter told Simon, "Go ahead and tell us why we're here."
"We're here to learn how to be good citizens of the Empire," Simon said, "We have to serve it in order to really become a part of it."
"We're born here, isn't that enough?" Suvorov asked.
"There is no such thing as a birth right here, Rav," Peter admonished, "This is a place where anyone can become anything they want to."
"Why do we have to do it so far from home?" Hale Steinway, a rather ordinary eighteen-year old asked, "We go to school, why can't we do it there?"
"That's a good question," Peter admitted, "Anyone have an idea?"
"Because the empire needs the service," Simon said, "Without us there would be no empire."
"That's right," Peter nodded, "Every single one of you will perform a function that is important to the Empire.  It isn't fun.  The hours will be long and in some cases, probably yours, Suvorov, it will be dangerous.  Without this service, however, the empire wouldn't be able to continue."
"It also makes us realize why citizenship is so important," Copeland said, putting his two coins in, "By serving the empire we come in contact with the people in it."
"It also lets you know that everyone is different, but in some ways we are all the same," Peter said, "Look around the room.  You are all from different areas.  Simon is from here in the capital city.  Copeland is from the Northeast, up near Siraq.  Suvorov and Salmand are from west coast.  Stalken and I both hail from the east border section.  I don't know where you're from, Steinway."
"I'm here from Mullinix Centre as well," Steinway said, "Born and raised."
"I don't remember you from school," Simon said, "You go to North Book?"
"No man," Steinway said, shaking his head, "Southland Academy."
"That's cool," Simon nodded, "So we have a little of everything."
"So why does this matter?" Suvorov asked them, "So we're from different places."
"That's the way it is designed," Lomax said, "They try to put people of different backgrounds together so you get to know that people are people.  A citizen is a citizen.  You are not alone, you are part of the Mullinix Empire."
"That still doesn't explain why we're all in a central place," Stalken said, "Why can't we stay home?"
"They do this so there is no ambiguity about being ready to move on," Peter explained, "This process has been refined for centuries.  Make no mistake about it.  When you finish here you won't want to live with your parents anymore."
"I didn't want to live with them in the first place," Rav shrugged, "Why can't I join a unit now?"
"All in good time, Suvorov," Peter said, "You have to make it through six months here first so you know what you're fighting for."
"I know what I'm fighting for," Suvorov said, "I'm there to kill the enemy."
"Why?" Peter asked him, his voice even.
"There is another reason?" Suvorov asked, his eyes slightly wide, "I think that's enough."
"Living only to kill," Copeland said, "A sadder existence I cannot fathom, Rav."
"You're a poetic little fucker, aren't you?" Suvorov said, glaring at the smaller boy, "Let's see how clever you'd be with my foot up your…"
"Rav," Peter said firmly, "That's not constructive."
"Man," Suvorov said, standing up and walking out of the room, "This is going to be a long six months.  Do you need anything more of me?"
"Not at the moment, Rav," Peter said, realizing he wouldn't learn, "Don't go far though.  We'll be getting up early in the morning.  It's going to be a busy week."
"I'm sure," Suvorov grumbled and left the room.
The remaining students watched him go and then looked at each other.  Peter Lomax stretched a little and knew that he'd talk to Suvorov later.  Simon and Copeland looked at each other and gulped, knowing that they'd be spending the next six months living with that cretin.
"Ok," Peter said, deciding to take control back of the meeting, "Tonight is about getting things straight.  Do you have any questions about things?"
"I have one," Hale said, "Is it true that there is an ulterior motive in having all students in centralized locations?"
"What do you mean?" Copeland asked, "It's just the way things are done, isn't it?"
"Everyone goes through it, man," Simon said, "My father did, so did his father and his father before him."
"He's right," Peter said, "Everyone goes through this that becomes a citizen."
"Yeah," Rolent Stalken said, "But my dad said that some people are removed and do other things."
"This is true," Peter agreed, "Some people do leave the center for more specialized training.  Most of the time it is to join the Mullinix Guard."
"What exactly is the guard?" Copeland asked, "I have heard of them, but have never seen one."
"The Mullinix Guard is the glue that holds the empire together," Peter explained, "They are people chosen especially for their personality type for direct service to the Mullinix.  They enforce policy and become the eyes and ears of the Mullinix."
"Man," Simon said, looking up, "Being a Mullinix must be great… Get to do what you want when you want."
"I don't think I'd want that responsibility," Peter said, "But someone has to have it."
"Isn't the Mullinix chosen out of students like us?" Raleph Salmand asked, "I think I remember that from civics class in school.  It's not a blood line like any of the other kings."
"Yes," Peter nodded, "That is true.  When a new Mullinix is needed, one is chosen from the students, much like you.  That makes sure that the Mullinix knows what it is like to be average.  It's harder to oppress people when you know what it's like being on the low end of the totem pole."
"Yuck," Copeland said, shuddering a little, "I couldn't stand a job like that."
"Why?" Peter asked, intrigued, "It could be anyone, you know."
"I don't ever want that sort of power," Copeland said, "I just want to serve my time and move on with my life, preferably something not service related.  That only happens when a Mullinix dies, right?"
"That's right," Peter acknowledged, "It last happened 25 years ago, when Mullinix Crianferro died of heart failure."
"There's a rumor floating around town that Mullinix-Elder Taliaferro is dying as well," Simon said, "My dad works over in the government building.  Taliaferro hasn't been seen in a week or so and people are wondering."
"He's still alive," Peter said, "A new Mullinix would already have been chosen otherwise."
"I pity the poor sucker that gets caught if he does die," Copeland said, "That just looks like the most miserable job."
"Probably much ado about nothing," Simon shrugged, "They've been expecting Taliaferro to die for years now.  Word is he's a tough old bird."
"That's enough for now, anyway," Peter said, "Go on to bed, guys.  We gotta get up early and tomorrow will be a long day."
"Peter," Copeland said, "Sorry if I came off a bit strong."
"Don't sweat it," Peter said, "And let me know if you and Simon have any more problems with Suvorov.  If I could have him put somewhere else…"
"It's ok," Simon shrugged, "Could be worse… My brother's roommates were both Fey and spent half the night doing their thing when he was in service center."
"You'll just have to keep your amorous thoughts to yourself, Simon," Copeland chuckled, "Just be sure not to choke it too loud…"
"Too much information!" Peter laughed heartily, "Take it easy tonight.  See you in the morning, bright and early."
Copeland and Simon went into their room, looking carefully and hoping to avoid Suvorov.  This wasn't a problem, because Rav Suvorov wasn't there.  Peter Lomax walked in to his room to see the large man sitting in his chair with a glass of clear liquid and a pad of paper.
"Steele is as good as the tests indicated he would be," Suvorov said, looking up at Lomax, "This is your second class worth of greenies.  What do you think?"
"I think you're putting on the act really strong, Rav," Peter said as he grabbed a glass and sat down on his bed, grimacing at the cheap clear alcohol, "So Copeland Steele is the one you're watching, huh?  Why the personal treatment?"
"Edwina's orders," Suvorov said and drank a shot of the illicit alcoholic drink, "There's one of us assigned to each of the possibles.  She said we had to push faster than normal."
"The rumors are true about Taliaferro then?" Lomax asked, "Is he bad off?"
"He won't be around much longer," Suvorov confirmed, "Steele is looking like a solid bet so far.  How did he do after I left?"
"You jolted him into talking all right," Lomax nodded, "We talked about succession.  He said that he pitied the poor sucker who gets the job."
"I'll be sure to tell Edwina," Suvorov said, "I'll be continuing like this for a bit, trying to get reactions from Steele and his little friend.  I figure that the more worried they are about me the more friendly they will get with each other and you."
"Man," Lomax said, "Was there one like you in with my group when I went through this?"
"Probably not," Suvorov said, "I'm a captain in the Mullinix Guard.  Usually, we watch for candidates so we don't have our pants down, but not this closely.  Unfortunately this year is different.  It's a virtual certainty that they will have to choose an apprentice.  So the best scoring candidates get one of us to help with the selection process."
"Just turn it down a bit, Captain Suvorov," Lomax warned, "It's not going to do any good to scare them both senseless, just enough to give them solidarity."
"Duly noted," Suvorov said, downing the last of his drink, "You know you're not supposed to have this, right?"
"Didn't stop you from drinking it," Lomax noticed as Suvorov chuckled.
"Just make sure you keep some around for me," Suvorov said and made a face, "I hate kids."
"Watch your cover and make sure they don't smell it on you," Lomax laughed, "Night Captain."
"Same to you, Peter," Suvorov said as he left the room.

Chapter 6 - Mullinix Study

"Good lord," Massimaferro said as he put a folder down on the floor, "I can't believe that so many of our people are so wrong for this job."
"You mean there is someone right for it, Massy?" Insegniferro asked him as he sipped on a glass of water, "That's the hard thing.  The one person we do have to choose we will feel very sorry for."
"We should be sitting with Tali," Massy complained, "We shouldn't be mucking around in a pile of paperwork."
"If we went up there we'd be feeling more helpless than we are now," Iggy reminded him, "He's getting worse and you know it.  There's nothing we can do but what we're doing."
"He'd yell anyway," Massy nodded, stretching his oversized frame out, "We need to make a choice."
"Well," Iggy said, putting his glass down and standing up to put another log on the fire, "We do have several good candidates according to the tests.  I do wish this had come later in the session though.  These kids have been there a day now."
"How did you and Tali do it with me?" Massimaferro asked him, "What on earth possessed you to pick me?"
"You wanted it less than anyone else," Iggy shrugged, "And it had been at least three generations since any Mullinix had been chosen from the Southwest port areas.  We had those nasty Strikes happening…"
"I remember," Massy nodded, "Was that why I was the lucky one?  So I could tell you what was pissing them off?"
"Yep," Iggy agreed, "It has worked well.  There hasn't been a major problem in that sector in twenty years now."
"Maybe that's the tack we need," Massy said, looking at the papers, "I'm working it from the wrong angle.  Where are we having problems in the long term?"
"Our biggest one is that damned Southern border," Iggy said, looking up at the large marble map of the empire on the wall, "That is going to continue to be a pain in the ass as long as the Mavelans are launching raids.  I'm from that area, though.  We don't need another one from there."
"Those idiots up in Siraq are giving their people hell again," Massy said, looking at the map as well, "The refugees have been flooding in fast and furious.  I had to authorize additional funds for language teachers up there to deal with it."
"There hasn't been one from that area in a while," Iggy admitted, "Taliaferro is from here in the capital, so the northern provinces were never his strong suit."
"Where was Crianferro from?" Massy asked him.
"Eastern border," Iggy said as soon as he pulled it from his memory, "That's quiet though.  The Sotans have had no reason to attack us.  That's the most peaceful border we have right now.  Crian was chosen mainly because we hadn't had one from that area in better than three hundred years."
"You and I know the capital well," Massy shrugged, "So I guess the northeastern provinces would be the best place to grab one this time."
"I was wondering when you two would start thinking about it logically," Edwina said as she entered the room, "About time too."
Edwina had been in the palace for what seemed like forever.  Her white hair framed a thin face that had once been very beautiful, though she was many years past her prime.  One of the palace house staff in her youth, she had been there even before Taliaferro.  Long since sent into semi-retirement by age, she still headed the yearly search for Mullinix candidates.  It was usually a rather undemanding task, but this year it had taken on a new urgency.
"Let me guess," Iggy said, looking up at her, "You'd already deduced that?"
"Hard not to with all the time you've been spending on that area," Edwina chuckled, sitting her old body down on an easy chair, "I figured you'd probably need one from that region and I knew that Tali was getting worse.  I had them assign the top four in the tests to the Service Center here and put someone from the guard in with them to observe."
"What would we do without you?" Massy grinned, "I swear we'd lose our heads without you."
"This is the last one I'll be a part of," Edwina said, "At least I hope it is.  I'm a year or two older than Taliaferro."
"You're too mean to die, Edwina," Iggy chuckled, "You'll outlive us all."
"I sincerely hope not," Edwina said, "Anyway, the ones that are here are Red Brokaw, Miranda Studebaker, Kyle O'Reilly, and Copeland Steele."
"Who is in with them?" Massy asked her as he searched for the files.
"Travis Costello is in with Red Brokaw," Edwina said, thinking about it for a second, "Stacy Cossy is in with the Studebaker girl, only female guard we had that could fit the bill.  Eugene Alvarez is with O'Reilly and Rav Suvorov is sharing a room with Copeland Steele."
"Suvorov?" Iggy said, recoiling at the thought, "That drunken idiot?  The same one that got two people killed on the border last year?"
"Suvorov may be a fathead," Edwina shrugged, "But he's not stupid.  Supposedly, he's cleaned himself up a bit.  He was overanxious on the border and he knows it, the generous helping of alcohol didn't help either.  He's also young and since we're shorthanded, we went ahead and used him.  We're having him play the opposite from Steele since he took to his other roommate immediately."
"Have someone keep an eye on him," Massy suggested, "Suvorov has some problems and I don't want to be down a perfectly good candidate because of him."
"Will do," Edwina nodded, and pulled herself up, "By the way.  I will be fully retiring from this after Tali goes.  This is getting to be too much for me.  I've been training Sascha to take over the search protocols.  I'll let her take the lead after this one.  She should have it down by the time it's needed again."
"I understand, Edwina," Iggy nodded, "You'll always have a place here, you know that.  You've paid more than your due."
"I've lived here for nearly seventy-five years now," Edwina smiled, "I'm not going anywhere.  Someone has to smack those young girls down there when they get too involved with one of you."
"Not likely with me," Iggy chuckled, "I haven't been with one of the House Staff since Molly…"
He trailed off as he remembered the woman he'd fallen in love with while younger.  The Mullinix were not allowed to marry because they had too much on their plates for that.  The pressure was immense, something that could often break men and women and create unstable rulers.  To alleviate the pressure on them the house staff had come into being.  
The young women (and sometimes men, depending on whether one of the Mullinix was female or had tastes in that direction) kept the palace running and the minds of the Mullinix clear.  This service often times included sex, but often no more than talking and listening.  Their loyalties were directly to the Mullinix and no one else.  To become one of the house staff was to serve the Empire in a direct and personal way.
Molly had been one of the house staff and had come in as many of them do, scared and abused.  She had been traumatized young and brought in slowly.  The men and women who became Mullinix were by nature kind and comforting, so abused children often were brought in to serve the empire.  To bed the Mullinix was a choice, and a choice that usually less than half of the staff ever made.
"Remembering Molly again, eh?" Massy said, "She was a good kid, that's for sure."
Molly and Insegniferro had hit it off famously, so much so that he had never even looked at any member of the house staff after that.  They were together for nearly twenty years until she contracted the wasting sickness.  Her death had nearly broken Insegniferro several years before.
"Yep," Iggy nodded, "I think I've had enough for tonight.  I want reports tomorrow though."
"It's first day of class," Massy said, "Can you push all four of them in to the same civics class?"
"Sure," Edwina nodded, "Why?"
"I'm going to take the class," Massimaferro said, "I want to see them in person, but I don't want them to see me for who I am."
"Marina can change your looks with makeup and a wig," Iggy told him, "She's good with that."
"Sounds like a plan," Edwina said, "I'll set it up.  You probably know the contents of that class better than anyone now."
"Beats sitting through receiving," Massy chuckled, "I'll have to do that soon enough anyway."
"That you will," Iggy sighed, thinking about Tali again, "I'll tell anyone who asks that you're with Tali."
"I think we have a plan," Massy said, standing up and helping Edwina to her feet, "Will they be able to get all of them in the same class without tipping any hands?"
"Shouldn't be a problem," Edwina said, "Class schedules aren't posted until tomorrow.  I'll have Sascha run over first thing in the morning and shuffle them."
"I guess I will head to bed then," Massimaferro said, "Nothing more is going to come for me from mere files."
"I'll finish looking over the files," Insegniferro nodded, "Could you have one of the house staff bring me some coffee before you retire?"
"Marina was taking the night shift," Edwina said, "She and Sascha looked like they could use some company."
"That may be an idea there," Massimaferro said with a smile, "See you two tomorrow."
Insegniferro chuckled and shook his head as he continued to pour through the papers.  He didn't begrudge Massy his fun, as he was probably not far away from assuming the power of the empire on his shoulders.  It was definitely not something he wished on the man.  It wasn't something he wished on anyone. 

Chapter 7 - Breakfast in the Mess

"Man," Simon said, sucking down a little bit of the glop, "My brother wasn't kidding about how lousy the food is here."
"How can they get away with this?" Steinway asked, "This is disgusting."
"Captive audience," Copeland shrugged, "We don't have anywhere else to go."
"Makes you wonder how many people leave the country just from the food," Salmand said, looking disdainfully at the tasteless porridge, "If I didn't like it in this empire…"
"Cheer up," Peter Lomax said, sucking his food down cheerfully, "It's better than some of the poorer people get."
"Nice," Simon said, "Is it this bad the whole way through?"
"I'm eating the same thing you are," Peter reminded him, "Sorry, guys."
"Eat hearty," Suvorov said, sucking it down with gusto, "You only live once and you need food to do it!"
"Figures he'd like it," Simon said sourly, "So what is up for us today?"
"Your first civics class," Peter said, "I get to come along and play teacher's aide."
"How many of us?" Copeland asked, still not liking the idea of many people in one place at a time.
"Usually under twenty," Peter shrugged, "I don't know how they will do it this time."
"What is different about this time?" Hale Steinway said, "I thought the beauty of this was that it never changed?"
"Mullinix-Elder Taliaferro is supposedly sick, remember," Simon said, "One of my brothers is a guard up at the palace and he told me that Taliaferro collapsed a couple days ago."
"That's right," Peter nodded, "A lot of people are expecting a new Mullinix to be chosen soon."
"So how does that make things different?" Copeland asked, not being familiar with the selection process, "Don't they have a successor chosen?"
"The successor isn't chosen until needed," Peter told him, "That way the new Mullinix can't be pumped for favors.  They always choose the new apprentice from the first semester service center candidates."
"Wait?" Copeland said, "One of us?"
"You got it," Peter nodded, "It could be any one of you.  That's the beauty of the system.  You never know until it is too late."
"I'd love it," Suvorov said, chuckling, "Give me a chance and I'll kick some asses…"
"Never happen, Suvorov," Simon said, "If you want to do it then they'll never choose you."
"Simon is right," Peter agreed, "So now we know who it won't be.  Granted there are several hundred people here in your position.  It could be any of you.  We'll find out when or if it happens."
"Great," Copeland sighed, "Bad food and the possibility of becoming a Mullinix.  Ever get the feeling you should have stayed home?"
"Eh," Simon shrugged as he finished off his slop, "It could be worse.  At least if one of us gets chosen Mullinix they can do something about this slop."
"Others have tried," Peter said as he put his emptied bowl in the rack, "Let's get to class."
"Right," Copeland said, feeling more than a little foreboding.

Chapter 8 - Classroom 102

The classrooms in the large building were smaller than anyone except Peter expected.  The well-lit room already contained even dozen people.  Four women and eight more men were in the room already.  Copeland and Simon went over to the back and waited for the teacher.   Peter took a spot up near the front of the room.
"So what now?" Copeland asked Simon, "More bullshit?"
"Probably," Simon shrugged, "Kick back and watch.  We've gotta make it through."
The entire class watched as the teacher came in.  It wasn't anyone that they'd seen before.  Peter Lomax himself wasn't sure what to make of this new teacher.  This was his third semester of handling newbies and he had never seen this man before.   
"Welcome to your first class in the Service Center," the large man said, pushing back a wild mane of long hair, "I am Mr. Irons and I'll be teaching the first week or so of your class.  I know you've probably heard many stories and a few of them weren't so pretty.  Well I'm here to clean much of that up and to tell you what you're really here for."
"Mr. Irons" looked around the room with a genuine smile on his face.  He looked over the group, but at four of the students specifically.  He hadn't been in one of these classrooms in over a quarter century.  The picture of youth was just as bright now as it had been then.  He just wished he had done this for another reason.  He made a mental note to do it again when he didn't actually have to.
"This is just the first day and you're going to have plenty of time for the formalized plan," Mr. Irons said, "So today we will learn a little bit about the history of the empire and why we're here today."
"Why are we here today?" Simon asked, "That's the one thing that my brothers could never explain."
"Very good question son," Mr. Irons nodded, "It all goes back to the first days of the empire just over two thousand years ago."
A murmur went through the students.  They all knew about the second millennial celebration as it had happened just over two years before.  There had been major celebrations throughout the empire for months when it happened, something that was all in their minds.
"Yes," Mr. Irons nodded, "Did any of you ever think about just what that celebration meant?"
The students looked at each other and it was manifestly clear that they hadn't.  Irons chuckled, let them get over it and decided that it was time to give a full history lesson.  He just hoped that he could remember it well enough himself to get it right.
"Many years ago," Irons said, sitting on the edge of the wooden table at the front of the room, "Before the Empire existed there were many nations in the world, some good, some bad, and many others indifferent."
"Sounds like today," Copeland said, "Many shades of gray."
"That's true," Irons nodded, looking closely at the young man, "Unlike now though, these nations had access to technology that could boggle the mind.  They could make things that we can only dream about today.  Besides the little gizmos, they could also make weapons.  Terrible weapons that could destroy a city in a flash."
He made an arm motion that got a gasp out of his crowd.  He knew that he had their attention now.  He looked into his memory for the details that he couldn't quite remember.
"The details were lost many centuries ago," Irons said, "But there was a war.  Men and women died by the thousands, millions even.  Records were lost; the world itself even changed.  Landmasses moved, land flooded, new land was created from what was once the ocean floor.
"The few who survived the initial firing of the weapons did so underground.  They had to live for years under there.  Knowledge was lost and the world itself had made some of it useless anyway.  Some of the more superstitious people who lived at that time thought it was the planet's way of getting revenge."
"Is that why things stay mechanical?" Hael Stainway asked, "Anytime they try to automate too much it stops working?"
"Pretty much," Mr. Irons nodded, "It's been two millennia and things still don't work right at times especially when it comes to electricity.   It's like the planet has a giant field that keeps anything electrical from working."
"So what does this have to do with the empire?" Suvorov asked, getting bored with the display.
"I'm glad you asked," Irons nodded, "It has a lot to do with the empire."
The students all looked around at each other.  None of them was expecting a lesson like this.  It was far enough out of the ordinary that even Peter Lomax looked around.  He'd never seen an initial class like this.
"The Empire was not intended to be such originally," Irons said, looking up a little, "It started with the descendants of a group of survivors.  They'd spent five years underground trying to get back to the surface.  Their leader, once back on the surface, was a man by the name of Marcus Mullinix."
This was a story that none of the students had ever heard before, one that really wasn't studied much outside the history archives.  They were all riveted with the story and the way that Irons was telling it.  He was making a point and he knew it was getting in.
"When he and the others came up, they started to build again," Irons continued, "When they figured out that the technology from ages past didn't work, they began to build again.  Mullinix Centre is the city that they started to build.  It was tough work, backbreaking.  The environment was against them.
"Soon, other survivors came and joined this group.  It began as a city and soon started growing.  They tamed the land and made it livable using whatever they could.  Because Marcus Mullinix was the one who had led them out of the darkness, he was the one that became the leader.  This is when the Mullinix Empire was born.
"The thing was that he didn't want to become the leader.  He knew how things happened and he knew the history of what had happened before.  He knew that he would be all right as the leader, but didn't quite know what would come after him.  He could go to a democratic form, but leading by committee didn't work either.  The wars had been started by several democracies that couldn't work together."
"How could that happen?" Copeland asked, "How could a democracy go so wrong if the people were in control?"
"That's just the thing," Irons said, "People were not in control of it.  They had to elect representatives.  Could you imagine running something as large as the Mullinix Empire by committee?  When you elect representatives by nature the job goes not to the person who can do it the best but to the person who is best at marketing himself.  That skews the representation."
"So what was his answer?" a girl over in the corner asked.
"His answer was a long time in coming," Irons said, nodding at the girl, "He knew that he had to put together a way to make sure that the best person for the job was chosen instead of the person who was best able to put themselves into the job.
"Marcus Mullinix knew that his family wouldn't be the answer, as his sons were not qualified.  When he started to get a little older he came upon the solution, the solution that we still live with today.  Instead of holding the power next to him until he died, he chose a successor.  He knew the people around him and knew the one he wanted to succeed him, the one who wanted it the least.
"That's how the idea of succession was born.  When Marcus Mullinix, the man whose name would become the title of our rulers, got old they brought in another apprentice.  It has gone on that way ever since.  Over the succeeding generations it was refined to the process we have now.  If one Mullinix dies, another apprentice is chosen."
"But there are so many people," Hael said, "How do they know who is best for it?"
"That's what the tests you take all your lives are for," Irons told them, "It helps them determine personality types.  They know what they are looking for and who is best suited to do it.  They always have choices in mind, even if they aren't needed.  This ensures that if something happens they can have a new Mullinix-apprentice within hours."
"That still doesn't explain why we're here," Suvorov said, smiling a little as he prodded "Mr. Irons", "Nice to know that bit of history though."
"That was the other legacy of Marcus Mullinix," Irons said, "One of the big problems in the democracies of the past was that citizens became complacent and stopped realizing what the source of what they had was.   He decided that would never happen here.  
"That's why every citizen goes through this process.  You learn about the political and legal processes here in the empire.  You learn the history and the reasons why things are done like they are.  His feeling was right on the money.  This may seem boring at times, but it is necessary."
"So it's to teach us what makes us free?" Simon asked him.
"Exactly," Irons nodded, "It isn't the Mullinix that makes the empire.  It is you.  Each one of you can and will contribute to the future wellbeing of this nation.  That's why the Mullinix is chosen from you.  You're young and have nothing to unlearn."
"But what if we don't want to be the Mullinix?" Copeland asked him, "Don't we get a choice?"
"Yes," Irons said, looking right into the boy's eyes, "You get a choice.  Thing is, if you are chosen then it's because you're best suited.  Nobody has ever refused."
Copeland Steele looked at the older man and shuddered at the thought of having that much power.  Massimaferro, as Mr. Irons, knew then and there that he had the right person.  The other three could probably do the job, but the one that was the most adamant about not having the power would be the right person for it.   
"That's enough for now," 'Mr. Irons' said finally, "You all have a history lesson where you will get more details on these subjects.  Enjoy it.  This is the easiest part of your Civil Service term.  Mr. Lomax, will you pass out the individual schedules?"
 There was a general murmur among the students, as none of them had been expecting a lesson like this the first day.  Lomax handed out the schedules as he had been ordered, but he was still taken a bit aback by this as well.  Everyone started filing out of the room when Irons stopped Suvorov.
"A word with you please, Mr. Suvorov," he said.
"Sure," Suvorov said, "I'll be in class in a few, Peter."
"Anything else you need, Mr. Irons?" Peter said, not quite understanding what was going on.
"That's all," Irons smiled, "Thanks, Peter."
Peter nodded and followed the others out, leaving Suvorov and Irons alone.  Irons closed the door to the small classroom and pulled the wig off, revealing his own thinning hair.  He was hot and sick of wearing it, figuring he could put it back on for the trip back out.  Suvorov smiled and looked at the Mullinix.
"I should have figured," Suvorov said, "I knew there was something familiar about you, Mr. Irons."
"Well," Massimaferro chuckled, "The last part of my name means iron.  Good enough.  I wanted to see them all myself."
"Taliaferro is that bad, is he?" Suvorov said, "I take it Copeland Steele is on your short list."
"There are three others in here," Massimaferro said, "But the scores on Steele are the best."
"He surely doesn't want it," Suvorov said, "And he's tougher than he looks.  I knew I didn't have the ability to get close to him, so I played it from the other side.  Pushed him to see if I could cow him."
"Could you?" Massimaferro asked him.
"No," Suvorov admitted, "He's too bright for that.  He doesn't want power and he wants to avoid the army like the plague."
"He might get his wish on that," Massimaferro said, "Taliaferro doesn't have long left.  He's been pushing us to choose."
"Hours?  Days?  Weeks?" Suvorov said.
"I don't know," Massimaferro said honestly, "Medico Rasten thinks he's holding on by sheer will."
"He's a tough old bird," Suvorov said, "My father was in the guard when he was the active Mullinix.  Some of his stories are why I wanted to join."
"Just be careful with him," Massimaferro said, "Get on to class so they don't start worrying."
"Yes sir," Suvorov smiled, "Good luck, Mullinix."
"We could all use some," Massimaferro nodded, "Because it's going to be a long ride."

Chapter 9 - Classroom 206

"Ok," Simon said, "What the hell was that all about?"
"You tell me," Copeland said, taking a seat at the back of the room, "You are the one who has had brothers go through this before."
"They haven't told me anything like this," Simon told his new friend, "Usually they go through things by rote.  This was like a history lesson."
"Irons was pumping us for information," Copeland said, "Baiting us to see how we'd react."
"I noticed that too," Simon told him, "His eyes went around the room quite a bit while he was telling his story.  I noticed they fell on you a few times."
"Who knows what that means," Copeland shrugged, "He also spent some time on that girl in the other row.  Not that I blame him, she is cute."
"She looks like she's from your area," Simon said as he nodded to her, "She's over on the other side of the room here."
Copeland looked over at her and saw that she was indeed dressed in similar clothing.  She looked somewhat familiar as well, as she should have since they had gone to the same school when they were younger.  He couldn't recall her name though, as she had been much like him in the classes, quiet and unobtrusive.
"I wonder if it's always like this when a Mullinix is getting ready to die," Simon said as he halfway listened to the lecture going on up front, "I'll have to ask my father.  He was in here when Mullinix Crianferro died."
"I read a book on Crianferro," Copeland said, also only giving half of his attention to the lecture, "He died young and rather quick.  They probably didn't have the time."
"I wonder who they'll choose, man," Simon said, "Which one of us here is Mullinix material?"
"I don't want to know," Copeland said, shrinking down into his desk, "Just so long as it isn't me I don't care."
"Keep with that attitude and it just might be," Simon teased, "You never know until it happens."
"I think I'll just keep pushing for Taliaferro's continued good health," Copeland said, "If he makes it through my six-month period then I'll be safe."
"More luck to you," Simon chuckled, "It could be worse though."
"Than being a Mullinix?" Copeland asked, "How?"
"You could be an ass like Suvorov," Simon pointed out, grinning.
"True," Copeland nodded, "But then, if I was an ass like Suvorov I would be safe from it."
"True that," Simon nodded sending both into a giggling spree.
"Mr. Steele," the teacher said, "Would you like to share what is so funny with the rest of the class?"
"No sir," Copeland said quickly, his face turning red.
"Then keep the conversation for later," he said sternly, "That goes for your friend there too."
The conversation ended as they listened to the older teacher drone on about the history of the Mullinix judicial system, a subject that was dry enough to put most of the class into semi-catatonia.

Chapter 10 - Mullinix Chambers

"So how did the orientation go?" Insegniferro asked the younger man, "Any of them stand out?"
"Two of them didn't really," Massimaferro said, "But the girl is sharp and I get the vibe that Copeland Steele would be good for this."
"Steele's intelligence scores outstrip the others," Insegniferro nodded, "Not sure about the personality yet."
"He asked the right questions," Massimaferro shrugged, "I like him.  Do you want to see him first?"
"And tell him outright that we're interested in him?" Iggy said, "Are you mad?  Your display probably gave them enough of a fright."
"Tomorrow is a light day here in chambers," Massy told him, "I could bring the class in for a viewing.  It's rare, but we can do it if we want to."
"Let's hold off on that," Iggy said, "I'm hoping we have a little time left."
"Time is something you don't have," Medico Rasten said as she walked in, "It's worse than I thought."
"Welcome, Medico Rasten," Iggy said, "What is wrong?"
"He's had this for a while," she said, "He confirmed that today.  It's eating him alive, sir.  He's in pain, and he desperately wants to let go."
"He admitted that?" Massimaferro asked in surprise, "That's not like him."
"He didn't admit it," Rasten said, "I could see it in his eyes.  His body should have given out days ago.  He's just holding on for you to make your choice."
"Perhaps we need to go see him," Massy said, "See if we can help any."
"It would be good for him to see you," Rasten nodded, "It won't help any, but he'd like it.  The only thing we can do now is make the end as painless as possible."
Medico Rasten nodded to the two Mullinix and walked out of the room to go up and care for her patient.  Massimaferro and Insegniferro sighed and looked at each other.  Iggy shrugged his shoulders.
"Let's go see him," Iggy said, "If he's as bad as she says, I guess we will have to bring them through tomorrow."
"All right," Massy said, "But it will have to wait about a half hour.  You have to meet with the southern representatives before you go see him."
"You can do that," Iggy said, "I'll take Steele's file with me and go talk to Tali.  You've had your break.  You need to get used to doing the main job."
"You got it," Massy nodded, trying to hide his disappointment, "I think I'd rather face Tali than deal with Colonel LaPorte."
"Why do you think you're doing it?" Iggy smiled, "You're about to be the man.  He might as well get used to working with you."
Massimaferro went over to the conference room to meet the Colonel while Insegniferro walked back upstairs to Taliaferro's chamber.  Medico Rasten was going over some charts outside and looked over.  Several house staff members, especially Taliaferro's longtime friend and bed partner Julia, were keeping a vigil outside his door.  They all knew that it was bad.
"Not letting them in, Medico?" Iggy asked Medico Rasten, "Wouldn't they be able to help keep his spirits up?"
She shrugged as she continued looking over the chart.  Julia, a tall stately woman who was actually a few years older than Insegniferro, stood up and walked over, showing the grace that she had learned as part of the house staff many years before.  It was this dignity and grace that had made her a favorite of Taliaferro's for many years.
"He doesn't want to see us," Julia explained as she pushed her white hair away from her eyes, "Probably doesn't want us doing what we're doing."
"I'll talk to him about that," Iggy promised, "Don't fret.  We all knew this day would come."
"Doesn't make it any better, Iggy," Julia sighed, "I will miss him."
"We all will," Iggy said, gripping the older woman's hand, "I'll make sure he lets you see him."
Insegniferro walked into the room and obviously Taliaferro was looking even worse than he had the evening before.  His grip was failing on his body, but his eyes were as alert as Insegniferro had ever seen them.  He walked over and took the seat next to Taliaferro's simple bed.
"How are the sessions going today?" Tali asked him, "Going well?"
"No cases today, thankfully," Iggy said, "I did some martial work this morning while Massy went and took over an orientation class with some of the prospects."
"Disguised, I hope," Tali said, coughing afterwards, "It wouldn't do to show our hand too soon."
"Yes," Iggy chuckled, "Marina doled him up really good.  I had trouble recognizing him."
"Where is he now?" Tali asked, "Did you sluff off your work on him?"
"He needs to learn to do it," Iggy said, "He's meeting with Colonel LaPorte about the situation down south."
"You're right about that," Tali agreed, his haggard eyes staring off a little, "How goes the search?"
"Don't worry…" Iggy protested, but Taliaferro stopped him.
"I don't have much else to worry about, Iggy," Taliaferro said hastily, "Now how far have you gotten?"
"Four candidates, Tali," Iggy said, putting the folders on the bed in front of the ailing Mullinix, "All from the Northern section near Siraq.  We will be dealing with that king again soon so we figured it would be good to get someone from that area."
"Makes sense," Tali nodded, coughing again, "You're from the south and Massy has the east covered.  The other areas are calm still."
"Massy likes Copeland Steele and the Studebaker girl," Iggy said, "We're thinking about having Massy lead them in for a private viewing, along with the rest of the orientation class he's taking."
"When are you going to do it?" Tali asked him.
"We were thinking in a week or so…" Iggy said, trying to push things off.
"Tomorrow morning," Tali said, "I want to see session one last time anyway.  It will be good for the kids, even the ones you don't choose, to see a public session.  This will give me a chance to check things out."
"Tomorrow," Iggy said meekly, feeling like a child again, just as he usually did with Tali, "I do have one other bone to pick with you though."
"What's that?" Tali asked him.
"Julia is out there pining," Iggy told him, "She wants to be with you these last hours.  The least you can do is let her sit with you."
"I want her to remember me alive," Tali protested, "Not the half-dead corpse I am now."
"That doesn't cut it," Iggy said, "And you damn well know it.  We won't let you slip away alone.  Julia is coming in."
"Very well," Tali acquiesced, "I'll see you in the morning."
Iggy took his dismissal well, walking out of the room and nodding at Julia, who was still sitting on the chair near the door.  She stood up quickly and walked over to him.
"Go on in, Julia," Iggy said, "He just doesn't want you to remember the way he looks now."
"I don't care what he looks like," Julia said honestly, "I just want to see him again."
"Go sit with him," Iggy told her, "He could use your good cheer.  You're not doing him any good sitting pining away out here.  Might as well keep his spirits up."
"Thanks Iggy," she said, slipping off into the room.
"He wants to watch the session tomorrow," Iggy told Medico Rasten, "Will he be able to?"
"It could kill him," Rasten told the Mullinix honestly, "But at this point it isn't as if he has much time left.  Just so long as he watches and doesn't participate."
"I'm thinking that he should do it from the balcony," Iggy said, "We'll pipe the sound up there for him so he can watch without being disturbed."
"I know Mullinix Taliaferro," the medico shrugged, "If that's what he wants, he'll do it even if I tell him not to."
"I know," Iggy laughed, "That's why I'm telling you now instead of letting you find out when he tries to drag himself there."
"I'll have a hospice setup in the balcony," she promised, "Have you made your choice?"
"Not yet," Iggy said honestly, "But we can do it within hours now if we have to.  We've narrowed it down."
"I wish you luck," Medico Rasten said, "If I screw up, a person dies.  If you screw up…"
"The entire nation does," Iggy chuckled, "I know how it goes.  Don't worry.  Massy and I are as prepared as any pair of Mullinix we've ever had.  Whoever we choose will do just fine as well."
"I'll go see things get ready," Rasten said, "Good luck to you, Insegniferro."
Insegniferro nodded, knowing that he'd need it.

Chapter 11 - Fireplace Chat

Simon Sutcliffe and Copeland Steele took seats on the floor around the large fireplace in the Suite's common room.  Peter Lomax was sitting on a chair next to the crackling fire, stretching his neck as he put another log on the flames.  Suvorov was sitting against the far wall, furthest away from the flames while the others took spots and relaxed.
It had been a long first day of classes and they were all tired.  The evening meal of mystery meat hadn't exactly helped matters much either.  As was customary for the students, however, they met in front of the flames to sit and talk about what they'd learned in the day.
"So did everyone enjoy their first day of classes?" Peter asked them all.
He received the expected assortment of grunts and groans.  Nobody enjoyed the first days of classes in the service center.  They were long and boring and generally very dry.  It was hard to dispute the success of them, however, as they had kept the empire in existence for centuries.
"Are all these classes this boring?" Simon asked, "I had a hard time keeping from going to sleep."
"Some are," Peter explained, "Though some are interesting.  This morning's orientation was interesting."
"Was that normal?" Copeland asked him, "You looked a bit stunned."
"Not particularly normal," Peter admitted, "But different instructors handle it in different ways.  I've never been in with Irons before."
"At least he wasn't as boring as the ones who came later," Simon shrugged, "Do we get to go back with him again tomorrow?"
"Probably so," Peter nodded, "Usually you get a week's worth of orientation activities.  The classes tend not to be too rigid, but they have a lot of information to cram into a six-month period."
"I still don't see why we're here doing this?" Hale Steinway asked, "Some of this we learned in school."
"The first couple weeks is basically rehash," Peter reminded him, "They'll start getting to more things soon, things you'll need to know.  Every citizen has rights here in the empire.  The point of this is to teach you what they are and how to use them." 
"And the best way to teach us our rights is to keep us locked up here?" Simon asked, "Right nice of you…"
"You're not locked in," Peter chuckled, "Would we deny you the chance to get out and around?"
"You mean…" Copeland said, looking over at Simon.
"We can go explore the city?" Simon asked Peter with a smile.
"I did the night after my first classes too," Peter chuckled, "Just don't get back too late and be too drunk for class."
"I'm out," Hale said, "Too much to do today."
There was a general agreement between everyone but Copeland and Simon.  Simon, being from this city, knew the places to go and Copeland certainly wouldn't let Simon go alone.
"Man," Simon told Copeland, "I know where to go.  Come on, let's go out."
Copeland shrugged and stood up.  He didn't want to stay there and spend the evening with Suvorov, especially since he still had this sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach about the possibility of being chosen as Mullinix.  Peter shook his head and watched them go, figuring that they'd be ok.  Suvorov looked around and shrugged, slipping out and going on his own to follow discreetly behind Copeland and Simon.

Chapter 12 - Drinks in the Palace

Massimaferro and Insegniferro sat in their common room in the palace, relaxing after what had been a long day for both of them.  Several house staff were sitting in the room with them, serving drinks and being pleasant and relaxing companions for the two Mullinix.  
"It doesn't look good, does it?" Marina asked Insegniferro.
"No," Iggy sighed, sipping on a glass of milk, "Nothing we can do for him now."
"Should we go sit with him?" Massimaferro wondered, downing his ale, "I mean…"
"It would depress him and you," Mariana said, leaning against Massy's left leg, "Julia is in there with him.  That will probably be the best medicine for him."
"I guess you're right," Massy said, sighing, "Just doesn't seem right is all."
"Tali has had a long and fruitful life," Iggy said, "The one we should be feeling sorry for is sitting in one of the dorms down there."
"Yeah," Massy nodded, "Tali's torment is almost over.  The new kid's suffering is just about to begin."
"Have you decided?" Marina asked, curious who the newbie would be, "I mean…"
"You're looking forward to having someone nearer your own age," Iggy chuckled, "Instead of old fogies like us all of whom are old enough to be your father…"
"I…" Marina said, trying to choose her words carefully, "Like older men…"
Massy and Iggy both had a laugh at this.  Marina was one of the youngest of the inner circle of the house staff, having just recently passed the age of twenty.  She was indeed looking forward to having a Mullinix younger than herself, though she was sorry that Taliaferro had to die for this to happen.
The inner circle was the portion of the staff that worked closest to the three Mullinix.  They were the friends, companions, and often bedmates.  Anything necessary to keep the Mullinix sane, really.  They were also the only people who saw the Mullinix for what they were, flawed humans that need a friend.  As a result, the house staff tend to be the only people with whom the Mullinix can let their hair down.
"No need to pretend, Marina," Massy chuckled, "I'm sure I'd feel the same way in your case.  It'll be nice for you to have someone close to your own age to curl up with."
"It won't stop me from coming with you tonight if you like," Marina grinned, "Don't get me wrong, I'm looking forward to it but I do like being with you too."
"Mm mmm," Mariana chuckled, "He's mine tonight anyway."
"I'm not going to fight it," Marina shrugged, "Not a night for celebrations anyway."
"Definitely not," Iggy sighed, "But what can we do?"
Massimaferro was about to say something when one of the pages knocked on the door of the room.  Marina, the closest to the door, stood up and went over to let the young man inside.  He was out of breath after running as fast as he did.
"What is it lad?" Massimaferro asked him, "Taliaferro?"
"No Mullinix," the boy said, "Paulus and Roland have returned from the southlands.  You said…"
"Yes, yes," Insegniferro nodded emphatically, "Send them up here right away."
"That was quick," Massy said, a worried look on his brow, "I thought that they were on their way to Cirrus City?"
"They might have heard about Tali," Iggy said, "Decided they would do more good here.  Cirrus has been a problem for twenty years anyway."
"We need eyes and ears down there," Massy said, "You know that as well as I do."
"If they're back this soon it means they found out something they didn't want to messenger to us," Iggy said, nodding, "We'll find out in a minute."
It was more like two minutes before the two men entered the room.  The pair of men looked considerably different and neither one looked like what one would expect from a representative of the Mullinix.  Paulus Tally was a smaller man, not physically dissimilar to Insegniferro.  Roland Hoffs was a bit larger, though mostly around the stomach.  The fact that Hoffs was Iggy's year mate and Tally was Massy's really made it even more improbable.
"Not going to welcome us home, guys?" Paulus asked, grinning as he sat down, "You don't look like you were expecting company."
"We weren't expecting you back this soon," Massy said, getting up to greet his old friend, "It's good to see you though.  It's been a trying week."
"We heard about Tali," Paulus said as he hugged Massy, "But that's not why we're here."
"The Mavelans are massing an army," Roland said seriously, "I didn't want people to start panicking yet, but we're hearing reports of massive troop training on the other side of the border.  Not substantiated yet, but we haven't been down to Cirrus proper yet either."
"Great," Iggy said, rubbing his head, "Just what we need is a war."
"How is morale down there?" Massy asked, "Among the people and the troops?"
"The citizens in the disputed areas are pissed," Paulus said, "There's no easier way to say it.  They'll fight to the last man to avoid being ruled by the Mavelans again, but that is in the north edge.  We heard about Tali before we could go all the way to Cirrus City."
"The troops?" Massy asked.
"They've been down there a while," Paulus said, "They probably hate the Mavelans almost as much as the people who were once ruled by them, but we need to spend some time in the area before we can judge for sure.  I know there are still raids going on."
"How long until we really have problems?" Iggy asked Roland, "And is there any chance of a political settlement?"
"You know King Facie of the Mavelans," Roland said, "He took the defection as a personal insult.  As long as that man lives there will be problems down there."
"Anything that can't be deferred for a month or two?" Iggy asked him, "Things will be slightly messy here for a bit with Tali…"
"How bad is the old man?" Paulus asked, "Rumors are spreading fast and furious that he won't be around long."
"We're rushing the selection process if that tells you anything," Massy sighed, "Tomorrow.  Day after maybe.  The medico doesn't give him any longer than that."
"The old man has been ready to go for years," Roland sighed, taking a drink handed to him by Marina, "He was never the same once Roddy passed."
"Roddy was pretty much the last of his contemporaries," Paulus reminded him, "I don't think I'd care to last much longer than all my friends."
"Either way," Massy said, "Tali has been a good man.  I doubt we'd have turned out as well without him."
"Here here," Roland said, raising his glass, "If he has to go, let's just hope it's painless."
Everyone in the room raised their glasses and had a drink to Roland's toast.  Marina sighed, not having been around for something like this before.  Massy hadn't been there for the death, but he had been there for the reminiscing that occurred after Crianferro's death.   He put his hand on Marina's shoulder and she put her hand over his.
"So are you going to need your disguise again tomorrow?" Marina asked him, "Or are you going to just wait it out?"
"Tali wants to watch the session," Iggy told them, "I think he wants to see the kids."
"Looks like I get to make another appearance as Mr. Irons," Massy said, "I will herd them through like cattle and do a Q&A with Iggy."
"I'm actually looking forward to this," Iggy chuckled, "Seeing the kids will be much more fun than dealing with the cases I'm forwarded every day."
"Sounds like a plan to me," Paulus chuckled, "So do we get to stick around for a bit or are you sending us out again?"
"We've been leaning on you enough," Massimaferro said, "Stick around through the funerals and the like.  I'm only going to send one of you down to Cirrus because I'll probably have to send one of you on to Siraq to get ready for the negotiations up there before long."
"Not to push you on it," Roland asked, "But I'm assuming you'll be taking one of his year mates for our position?"
"Same way we did for you and Paulus," Iggy shrugged, "We'll let the boy make his choice.  Probably be a month or two before we let either one out."
"So who gets Siraq?" Paulus asked, "That'll be a cush job comparatively."
"I'll flip you for it," Roland grinned, "Unless you two have a preference?"
"No," Iggy chuckled, "You both can do the job."
"Just to make it even, though," Massy suggested, "Whichever one of you goes to Siraq gets the rookie once the kid chooses him."
"Fair enough," Paulus chuckled and pulled a coin out, "Iggy's face is the winner."
"For once," Massy laughed.
Iggy tossed a dinner roll at the younger Mullinix.  Massy caught it and dipped it in his drink, taking a bite.  Paulus flipped the coin and he came up the loser, having to go to Cirrus.  They both were glad that Roland and Paulus showed up before they had to make the choice.  It was a piece of relaxation they all needed before the next day's activities.
"So what do we do tomorrow?" Paulus asked, "Need us for anything?"
"Not really," Iggy shrugged, "Though if you want to be around to check out the newbies you can stick around."
"I'll hang around tonight," Paulus said, "Since everyone thinks it won't be long."
"I'm going to go see my wife," Roland said, "The kids will probably be home and I'm long overdue."
"Ouch," Massy said, "I will say that is one benefit of being a Mullinix.  I can get laid without being married."
"So can anyone else," Paulus reminded him, "You just have the advantage of not being legally able to get married."
"Yes," Marina said, "But instead of one woman to yell at them they have to deal with all of us."
"Either way, I need to at least see Sueta tonight," Roland told them, "She's bound to hear that I've come back into town."
"Don't let me stop you," Iggy said, "Last thing I need is for that woman to come after me.   I can handle brigands, bandits and ugly rulers from across the border.  I think I'll pass on taking the brunt of Sueta's wrath."
"Come on," Massy said to Paulus, "Since I know you have nowhere to go how bout we go have a few glasses of wine and catch up on what's going on."
"Sounds like a plan," Paulus smiled, "Provided some of these lovely ladies will join the conversation to keep it from becoming all work related."
"How can we refuse an invitation like that," Mariana smiled, "I'll find a decent bottle of wine."
"I suppose I could find the body oil," Marina chuckled, "I'm sure you can talk and take a massage at the same time?"
"If he can't I'm sure he'll make a valiant effort," Massimaferro laughed, "Thanks girls."
Insegniferro watched the younger Mullinix and the rest of them leave the room.  Roland stood up to walk off, but looked at Iggy and decided he'd better see how his old friend was before he left.  He wasn't in that big a hurry to see Sueta anyway.
"So how are you handling it?" Roland asked Iggy, "You ready to be the senior?"
"Not really," Iggy sighed, "I mean, I can't wait to get the burden off my shoulders, but I don't want to lose Tali either."
"Everyone dies," Roland reminded him, "At least he's getting to do it quietly surrounded by friends."
"Could be worse," Iggy admitted, "Could go without warning like Crian did."
"I don't know," Roland grinned, "There's something about going out with a smile on his face like he did with that little cookie…"
"Edgar told you about that, eh?" Iggy said, referring to Crianferro's personal representative, "What is Edgar doing nowadays?"
"He's playing the dirty old man in Taliaferro Village," Roland said, "I stop by once in a while.  He was sorry about Crian, but glad to be out of the business."
"How about you?" Iggy asked him, "Do you want to retire from this God awful business?"
"Not as much as you do," Roland laughed, "If I retired I'd have to go home with Sueta. I'd rather spend a week at the front lines while the Mavelans attack than spend that week with Sueta."
"Why don't you leave her for good then?" Iggy asked him, "You have a room here whenever you want it."
"Not until the kids are all grown," Roland said, "Youngest is fourteen.  Maybe in a few years I'll go ahead and leave.  Not yet, though."
"Go see them then," Iggy said, "I'll see you before chambers in the morning."
"If I survive that long," Roland chuckled and stood up, "Later Iggy."
Insegniferro chuckled and watched his friend walk off to a fate he'd consider worse than death.  He picked up the files and looked at them again.  He reread the contents again, feeling as sorry for the people in them as he did before.  He closed his eyes and rubbed his temples.  It was going to be a long sleepless night, another one in a long string.

Chapter 13 - Howard’s Pub

"Here it is," Simon said as they approached a dilapidated building, "The traditional first night spot for first semester civil service students."
"Looks like a hole," Copeland said, looking at it, "You ever been here before?"
"Have to be at least eighteen to get in and I only passed that two weeks ago," Simon said, "But my brother says the drinks are good and so is the music."
"Records or a band?" Copeland asked him, pulling out his wallet, "And what is the cover?"
"Probably a bit of both," Simon shrugged, "Sign says five coins and two drink minimum.  You get the cover and I'll get the first round."
"Deal," Copeland nodded, "Let's go."
Copeland paid the ten coins for the two of them and they entered the room.  Suvorov watched them enter and smiled.  He remembered the place from when he was a student.  Simon had been right.  It was definitely the place to go the first night of freedom.
The music was live that night, a fair to middling little band was playing a lively number as Simon made good on his promise to buy the first round.  The two boys sat down at the end of the bar and started drinking the sweet ale that made this place so popular.  While the boys were taking their first sip of their drinks Rav Suvorov slipped in to the pub and ordered something a bit stronger.
"So this is what it's all about, eh?" Copeland said, sipping on the ale, "Being out without the parents able to bitch at you."
"That's if your parents even notice you," Simon shrugged, "There were ten of us, man.  I was lucky if they noticed when I did something wrong."
"Which I'm sure you did often," Copeland grinned, "Right?"
"Constantly," Simon chuckled, "I was the practical joker of the bunch, always playing jokes on my older brothers."
"You the youngest?" Copeland wondered.
"Nah," Simon shrugged, "Five of ten.  You?"
"I'm it," Copeland told him, "Mom was frail and couldn't have anymore than me."
"No fun in that," Simon said, "They always had to know it was you."
"Yes," he grinned, "But I didn't have to share my toys."
"There is that," Simon agreed, downing his pint, "Still, I've had a lot of fun with my brothers over the years."
"I still can't imagine that many people," Copeland shrugged, "Just not something I've ever had any experience with."
"Surely you must have had friends back home," Simon said, "Do you miss them?"
"I was a loner," Copeland sighed, "Nobody to really miss me, I guess.  I read, I watch.  I guess I never really got into the thick of things."
"That won't happen here," Simon promised, "You're the nicest guy I've met in ages.  I'm not going to let you wither away alone here."
"Gee thanks," Copeland grinned, "I bet you're a real hit with the ladies."
"I try to be," Simon grinned, "I think I see some of our year mates over there.  Wasn't she in the class with us?"
"Yeah," Copeland nodded, "Pretty too."
"You must have ice water in your veins, Steele," Simon told him, "She's more than just pretty."
"So you go approach her," Copeland told him, "I'll stay here and enjoy my drink."
"Come on with me," Simon said, "You never know what might happen.  You might actually make a new friend…"
"Bullshit," Copeland chuckled, "I've never been any good at this sort of thing."
"Finish your pint and you'll do much better," Simon grinned, "Come on, Steele.  You know you can do it."
Simon waited for Copeland to down his pint before ordering a couple more and all but dragging his new friend to the table where the girls were sitting.  The girls recognized them from class and took the offer of company from people their own age.  Simon and Copeland took seats across from the comely young ladies and tipped their pints to them.
"Saw you sitting alone and figured you might want some company," Simon said, "My quiet friend here is Copeland Steele.  I remember you from class, but I don't remember your names."
Rav Suvorov watched with interest as he recognized one of the girls as one of his own year mates, which meant that she was one of the guards assigned to the Mullinix possibles.  He ordered another drink and kept a discrete eye on the group, knowing that he could get details out of Stacy.
"I'm Miranda," the smaller one said, "Stacy is my friend here.  What did you think of Mr. Irons' introduction class today?"
"It was odd, to be sure," Copeland said, "Something funny about that man, especially the way he looked at some of us."
"I know it!" Miranda said, "It's as if his eyes were boring right into me during some of those questions."
"I didn't get that feeling," Stacy said, "I still think you were imagining it."
"I saw the way he was looking at Miranda and Copeland," Simon shrugged, "With all the talk going on in the capital about the Mullinix-Elder being at death's door you never know."
"Oh gods," Miranda said, "Don't even suggest that they are thinking about me for that."
"You get that feeling too, eh?" Copeland asked her, feeling a bit of kinship, or perhaps the effects of a pint of sweet ale with the girl, "It scares the hell out of me."
"Me too!" she exclaimed, "I don't know why I would even be considered."
"That's why you'd be considered," Simon said, "The Mullinix never wants the job.  It's sort of forced on them."
"I don't think you have anything to worry about," Stacy said, "I'm sure that there are far more qualified people than you two."
"I don't know," Simon shrugged and drank some ale, "I'll put in my vote for Copeland.  I think he'd do well in the job."
"Don't even think that, man," Copeland said, "I've been told that a few times and I'm still not sure it's a compliment."
"Amen to that," Miranda said, holding up her drink, "At least they haven't chosen a woman in many years and with the problems down south I doubt they will now."
"Perhaps what they need down there is a woman's touch?" Stacy suggested, "Maybe then that stupid war down south will end."
"What's so stupid about it?" Simon asked her, though she was starting to grate on him, "King Facie of the Mavelans is trying to take some of our citizens away.  That's something that we can't take lying down."
"Twenty years ago that land was part of the Mavelans," Stacy reminded him, "My uncle was down there as a trader then."
"King Facie is an idiot, Stacy," Miranda told her friend, "Those people left the Mavelans by choice.  We don't conquer people who don't want to be Mullinix Citizens.  That's dumb."
Miranda impressed Simon much more than her friend Stacy, but Miranda was more taken with Copeland.  Stacy didn't like either of the boys, but since Miranda seemed to, she put up with them for the present.  Copeland was doing well, especially for someone with as limited social experience as he did.
"So why are you so afraid of it, Copeland?" Miranda asked him, "I know I don't want the job either, but you seem to be terrified of it."
"Because it's something that I've been told more than once might happen," Copeland explained, "And that sort of power is something I never want over someone."
"But wouldn't that type of power be wonderful?" Stacy asked, fishing for reaction from Miranda, "I mean to do what you want and how you want it…"
"I'm no better than anyone else," Copeland said, "I haven't done anything to make me deserve that sort of power.  I wouldn't even know what to do with it."
"He's right," Miranda said, "It's all well and good to have that power, but exercising it would be something else again."
"I still don't see why you're so sure you're going to get nailed," Simon asked his friend, "There are a few hundred of us here."
"Back when I was a kid," Copeland said, remembering back, "It was at a fair just outside Skolnik when we went to one of those fortune teller's shacks."
"Come on," Simon said, "Don't tell me you believe in that hooey."
"It gets better," Copeland said, "Now do you want me to finish the story or not?"
"Go on, Copeland," Miranda said, interested, "What happened?"
"Well, we all thought it would be a joke," Copeland continued, pausing only to take another drink of sweet ale, "Me and two friends went in to see what they'd say."
"Getting better," Simon said, listening and raising his hand for another round, "So what happened?"
"Well," Copeland said, "It was an enlightening experience."
"Especially for your wallet," Stacy scoffed, "Right Miranda?"
Miranda just looked at Stacy and then turned back to Copeland to listen to his tale.
"Anyway," Copeland continued, "We went in and there was this old woman there, old enough to have been around for the founding it looks like.  She looked wise and acted the part."
"They all do that," Simon protested, "It's all a sham."
"Usually is," Copeland agreed, "Until she started the fortunes."
"Ok," Miranda said, indicating to continue as she started on another pint of her own.
"Charlie went first," Copeland told them, "He was my age, actually just a bit older, one of the few friends I had at the time.  We were all of eleven or twelve at the time and looked it, but she took our coins and sat the three of us down at the table.  Marky and I looked on as she took his hand in her old gnarled one and looked into his eyes."
"Let me guess," Simon said, "A dark and spooky shack."
"How quaint," Stacy frowned.
"Anyway," Copeland said, as Miranda listened, "She made a good show of it with Charlie and started making predictions.  The first of which was that he'd become an artist."
"Was he one already?" Miranda asked, dispelling her own doubts.
"No," Copeland said, "Never really tried before then, but became an avid artist afterward.  She also told him that he would come into family pain due to something he was and his family wouldn't accept, but that at the end of hard times he would find who and what he loved."
"Sounds nice and vague," Simon said, "What happened?"
"Charlie was fey, though he didn't figure that out for a few more years," Copeland said, "When his parents found out during school over the past couple years they went nuts and pretty well disinherited him.  He went to civil service last term though and is madly in love with one of his year mates.  When he came home in the fall he was the happiest I'd ever seen him.  This term he's working as a designer for the school systems, drawing up a storm and loving it."
"Freaky," Miranda admitted, "Something similar happen to the other one with you?"
"Yeah," Copeland nodded, "Marky's was the most scary.   She saw great pain in him, which wasn't surprising considering how abusive his parents were.  She saw that he had little love in his future and a lot of pain.  She didn't want to say more, but we all goaded her to say it.  She said she saw death for Marky, death after the time of his greatest happiness."
"Again, nice and cryptic," Simon frowned, "So what happened to him, since I'm betting something did."
"Marky was removed by the government from his parents house," Copeland said, "Best time of his life, really.  He lived in a nearby boys camp."
"So what happened to him?" Miranda asked as Stacy rolled her eyes.
"There was an accident," Copeland said, "Marky and four others were killed when they were playing in an old grain tower.  The old mortar gave out, sending the old tower down on their heads.  They'd all died by the time anyone found them."
"Ok," Simon said, "That would freak me out too.  So what did she say for you?"
"She took my hand for a minute or so, looked deep," Copeland said, remembering the event like it was yesterday, "She looked surprised at what she saw, and even more disturbed than she did when she told Marky about his future.  She said she saw great power for me, a position for which I had no ambition but would have a calling to do.  It would be something I would fight to avoid…"
Copeland stopped and sighed.  He remembered it all too well and he really didn't want it to come true.  Miranda smiled as she figured it out and put her hand on Copeland's.  She felt strangely better about things after that, but it didn't do anything to ease his mind.  Simon just shook his head and drank more ale.
"Weird," Simon said, "I can see why you're freaking out a bit."
"Right," Copeland said, "Why are you looking so smug, Miranda."
"Hoping that it will be you and not me," Miranda grinned, "Especially with all the rumors about Taliaferro's impending demise."
"Not nice," Copeland said, "I think I need another ale."
"One more," Simon said, ordering the last round, "Then we probably need to stumble home."
The four of them stood up, a little bit wobbly, and headed for the exit.  Stacy slipped a little and then saw Rav Suvorov up at the bar.  She remembered him as well, so she decided that she should find out what he was there for.
"Where are you going, Stacy?" Miranda asked her, "Time to go home, don't you think?"
"I saw someone I knew from school," Stacy said, pointing at Suvorov, "Figured I'd go say hello."
"You know Suvorov huh," Simon said as he saw Rav through his bleary eyes, "Our erstwhile roommate actually found this place.  Did you tell him we were coming here?"
"I didn't know we were coming here, remember?" Copeland reminded him.
"Go on back without me," Stacy said, "Rav will walk me back."
"You sure?" Miranda asked her, "How well do you know him?"
"Pretty well," Stacy smiled, "He's ok."
"It's your funeral chickie," Simon said, "Shall we escort you back, Miranda?"
"Yes," Miranda nodded, "I think I'd like that."
Copeland and Simon, both aided by the sweet ale, took one of Miranda's arms and they walked out together, heading back to the civil service barracks that were going to be home for them.  Stacy smiled as she watched them go and went over to sit with Suvorov, ordering another much stronger drink.
"So they have you working the kids too?" Stacy asked him, "I'm guessing Copeland Steele."
"You got it," Suvorov nodded, "Since that screw-up down south they put me here.  I take it you were with the other girl."
"Yep," Stacy nodded, "Since you're here, I'm betting he's high in the pool."
"I think that they're going to take him," Suvorov told her, "Not that your girl isn't good too, but I think they want Steele."
"Only the Mullinix knows that," Stacy reminded him, "Unless you've…"
"Massimaferro is Mr. Irons," Suvorov grinned, "I talked to him after class yesterday.  They're going to pull someone soon.  Taliaferro is dying, probably not more than a couple days left, if that much."
"I should have figured that out," Stacy nodded, "That was so unlike what you and I went through it wasn't funny."
"It was worth it for the reactions though," Suvorov shrugged, "I was watching them from afar.  Did Copeland say anything?"
"He recounted a story that explained why he was so scared of becoming Mullinix," Stacy said, realizing that he needed to know, "Frankly, from talking to him there I think he'd make a good one.  Probably even better than my girl, and she'd do well at the job."
"Not with the Siraq negotiations coming up," Suvorov said, "That idiot king up there would eat your girl alive, or try to at least hit on her."
"That's ok," Stacy shrugged, "At least it means I stay here and out of active duty for a while.  I like it that way."
"Not me," Suvorov shrugged, "I hope they choose him and maybe I can get out of here."
"Stop hitting that stuff so hard and maybe they'll let you out of it." Stacy smiled, "Now finish your drink and walk me home, Rav."
"Whatever you say, my lady," Suvorov chuckled, downing the rest of his drink in one shot.

Chapter 14 - Marina’s Make-Up Job

"Hold still, Massy," Marina said as she worked on the youngest Mullinix, "I don't want to stab you with this eye pencil."
"I don't know how you got this good at it," Massimaferro grumbled, "But I guess I did ask for it, didn't I?"
"Of course you did," Marina grinned, "But I'll try to make it easy on you anyway."
"So what do you think about the way things are going, kiddo?" Massimaferro asked her, "I know you're waiting for the new Mullinix.  Do you have anything to say about it?"
"Not my place, Massy," Marina shrugged as she styled the wig properly, "I don't know about the larger picture. I just know about what I do here.  The rest of the world is your problem, not mine."
"Bullshit," Massimaferro observed lightly, "You know more about the goings on than anyone else here, save for Edwina.  You're probably going to be a candidate for the head of the house staff in a few years, especially if Julia doesn't outlast Tali by very long."
"If it comes, it comes," Marina shrugged, "I don't care.  I like where I am and I like my position here."
"I hope you're ready for a little more responsibility," Massy said, "I don't care if the new apprentice is male or female, you're the youngest of the house staff.  You will probably have to become their friend before we can."
"I'll cross that bridge when I get to it, Massy," Marina said, finishing up the makeover job that turned him into Mr. Irons, "Besides, if the new one is as nice as you and Iggy I think it'll be easy."
"So how do I look?" Massy asked as he stood up and pulled on the cloak he wore as Irons, "Good?"
"Odd," Marina giggled, "But I'll take it.  So we'll be seeing you in that getup today, huh?"
"Yes," Massy nodded, "I'm bringing them into chamber.  Hopefully, Iggy won't bust out laughing when he sees me."
"He'll be too busy being official," Marina said, "I checked into the load this morning.  The local officials sent up a surprise case.  A wife beater."
"Why didn't they take care of it themselves?" Massy asked, "That sort of thing is usually handled locally."
"They've punished him several times," Marina said, "He keeps doing it.  This time he's put her in the hospice.  The chief medico there was pissed enough this time that he requested that Iggy take the case instead of the local head."
"Translated," Massy groaned, "The local head is one of the culprit's friends and the medico wants real justice done."
"Probably," Marina shrugged, "They are your problem, not mine.  I just hear news and pass it on."
"Iggy will tell me about it later, I'm sure," Massy nodded, "I think it's nearly time to go."
"Your students will love you," Marina smiled, "Especially since you can't be as boring as their other teachers."
"How did you make it through?" Massimaferro asked, "I never did go through the whole course.  They pulled me out two months in."
"Sleep," Marina chuckled, "That and I think the prof was hot for me.  The more he stared the less he bugged me."
"Just be sure to tell the new one what they are missing when they come in," Massy said, standing up and getting ready to go, "You're definitely going to handle the basic orientation when Iggy and I can't.  You know what's going on and you're close enough to his age that he won't be scared of you."
"I hope you're right," Marina told him, "I'll think about what to talk to him or her about."
"You'll do fine," Massy said on his way out, "Just be yourself…"
Marina watched as he left and didn't know what to think.  She just hoped it would go all right, because anything could happen.  That was the way of life in the palace, a life that she liked and really didn't want to do anything to mess up.

Chapter 15 - Students in the Chamber

Simon and Copeland took the same seats they had taken yesterday, though this time Miranda and Stacy joined them in the back.  Copeland, surprisingly, was holding up pretty well despite the alcoholic indulgences of the night before, but Simon and Miranda were both feeling the effects nicely.  Copeland even had to drag Simon up so he'd make it to class at all.
"I still say you should have had more respect for the dead," Simon grumbled, "You drank as much as I did Steele, why aren't you showing it?"
"I don't know," Copeland shrugged, "You ok, Miranda?"
"Never drank that much before," Miranda chuckled, "And stop shouting, ok?"
"And here I am, fresh as a daisy," Stacy grinned, "I had a couple more with Rav before I left."
"I don't see what you see in him," Miranda shrugged, "But ok."
"So anyone have any idea what we're in for today?" Copeland asked them, "Or should we just ask Mr. Irons to delay long enough for us to bury Simon."
Simon grunted and made an obscene gesture at Copeland, causing laughs from all of them, quieting down a bit when Mr. Irons entered the room.  It was obvious from the lower level of noise in the room that most of the students had partaken in the nightlife much like Copeland and Simon did.
"Welcome back everyone," Mr. Irons boomed, causing more than a few people to groan, "I see that everyone has tasted their first day of freedom.  Glad to see that you've all survived."
"If you call this surviving," One malcontent quipped.
"Yes," Mr. Irons grinned, "I remember that first night out well.  Well, since I knew most of you weren't going to be in much of a mood for a lecture I have managed to arrange a special treat for you."
"Uh oh," Copeland mumbled, "Deviation from plan is never good."
"Anything beats a lecture right now," Simon said, rubbing his eyes a little.
"Shh," Miranda said, trying to listen.
"The Mullinix," Mr. Irons continued, "Insegniferro himself has decided he wants to meet some of the students this year, so they've arranged for us to go into the palace and witness the session.  We'll even get an audience with the Mullinix after the session ends."
"Ok," Simon said quietly, "This is something that I sure as hell didn't expect."
"I didn't know the Mullinix ever did this sort of thing," Miranda gasped, "Maybe we do have something to worry about."
"Pray for his health," Stacy said, "That's all we can do."
"The session is starting now," Mr. Irons said, "So leave your stuff here and come along.  We need to get through security and get to the gallery."
Julia and Marianna were assisting Taliaferro to an upright bed in the balcony area while "Mr. Irons" was getting his class up and running and through the security outside the gallery.  Hidden behind a one way glass mirror, Taliaferro could see and hear everything that happened in the hall, mainly because the hall's acoustics were designed so that everyone could hear what was going on in the front area, while the gallery remained a bit muted.
"Is there anything else we can do for you, Tali?" Marianna asked him, "That position doesn't look comfortable."
"Nothing is particularly comfortable for me at this point," Tali grumbled, his fragile body writhing with pain, "But I want to see this, and it will be better for me to be in pain here watching than in pain in bed wondering."
Julia nodded at Marianna, letting the younger woman know that she'd stay with Taliaferro while he watched and make sure that he was comfortable during the whole process.  Marianna slipped out and checked with the Medico, who shrugged her shoulders knowing that there was little she or anyone else could do for the dying Mullinix.
Insegniferro finished his coffee and put on the robe and hat that signified his station, the same thing he was required by tradition to wear when hearing cases or conducting audiences.  It was the worst part about being the Mullinix proper, he thought.  Being an Apprentice or an Elder allowed one to get away with a much lighter ceremonial dress, but being the titular ruler required (if only for appearances sake) a full regalia.
"The kids are lining up in the gallery," Sascha, one of the house staff, told him, "Massy is standing in front of them, try not to laugh when you see the getup."
"I'll do my best," Iggy smiled, "How many cases do I have before I deal with the kids?"
"Just the wife beater," Sascha told him, having checked the roster before, "There are three murder cases outstanding, but they are all from the east and won't be here for another day or two."
"Massy will probably end up with them then," Iggy sighed, "Is Taliaferro ready for the session?"
"He looks like hell," Marianna said as she entered the room, "Julia is sitting with him.  The medico doesn't look particularly happy he's doing this, but if we hadn't he would have crawled in on his own."
"I guess there's no use delaying it," Iggy said with the usual touch of foreboding that always occurred when he ran cases, "Let's get it over with."
The single trumpeter played the slow note entrance as Insegniferro walked into the room.  As was protocol, everyone stood as a sign of respect and bowed their heads at the nation's leader.  Insegniferro smiled and waved them down as he always did, as pretty much every Mullinix since the first one had done.
"Welcome everyone," Insegniferro said, "I'm told we have a case that must be disposed of before we can continue with the audiences.   I'd also like to welcome the class of students from the Service center.  I hope you find this as enlightening as it will be boring."
Chuckles passed among the students as they watched the way the Mullinix put people at ease with just a dry joke.  Mr. Irons slipped to the back of the group to watch the student reactions as things progressed.   It was a tradition that was loose in nature, but rigid in the fact that it had been around for so many centuries.
"Bring in the accused in the first case," Insegniferro said, using his harder edged teacher voice, "Who brings this case before the Mullinix authority?"
"I do, Mullinix sir," A middle aged man said, standing up and walking forward as the accused walked in, "I am Medico first grade, Marcellus Straddling."
"Very well," Insegniferro said as one of the pages handed him the file, "And the accused is," he paused while reading, "Roge Kelly?  What do you, Medico Straddling, a citizen of good standing in the Mullinix Empire, accuse Mr. Kelly of?"
"Roge Kelly has been a menace," Medico Straddling said, walking forward, "I have been in charge of the main hospice here in Mullinix Centre for nearly three years and in that time Roge Kelly's wife, Kristiana, has been into my hospice twenty-four times for various injuries."
"She's accident-prone!" Kelly exclaimed and earned a stare from the Mullinix.
"You went through class," Insegniferro said sternly, "You will have your opportunity to talk.  I suggest you keep your council until I get to you."
A rebuke from a Mullinix was a chilling thing indeed, especially since that Mullinix held your life literally in his hand.  It was an awe inspiring power and one that the Mullinix would use as rarely as they could get away with.  Roge Kelly shut his mouth and let the Medico talk.
"She wanted to do something about it," Medico Straddling continued, "And we talked about it several times.   We've even called the guards in the past."
"Why was nothing done?" Insegniferro asked, taking the words for now.
"It would always be lost in the system," Straddling continued, "She would either be forced back by her family or the regional head would lose the case because Roge is his gaming buddy."
The case continued as such while the students watched quietly.  Simon was bored by it, but Copeland and Miranda were fascinated by the man who was decked out in the regalia and asking questions.   It seemed that he had an instinctive way of ferreting out the truth and sifting through a pile of manure to get it.  Stacy and Suvorov watched their charges in this situation, figuring that they'd be asked to report on their reactions.
"Which ones are the favorites?" Taliaferro rasped to Julia, "Do you know?"
"I haven't been involved with the process," Julia admitted, "Iggy and Massy are doing that with Edwina."
"How is that old wench handling it?" Tali asked her.
"She's retiring after you go," Julia told him, "Marina is being groomed to watch the newbie since she's the youngest of us.  She's smart, so we'll probably continue to push her to take on more responsibility."
"She's a good kid," Tali agreed, "One I might have gone for, many years ago."
"She'll be here a while," Julia admitted, "I think they'll do ok."
"They've been ready for years," Tali said, "I've just been too stubborn to die."
"Nobody expected Crian to go quite as young as he did," Julia shrugged, "I think Massy is coming up here."
"I figured you'd want to see me while watching this," Massy said from behind his "Mr. Irons" mask, "What do you think so far?"
"Good group of kids," Tali admitted, "Which are the favorites?"
"Iggy and I pretty much narrowed it down to Copeland and Miranda," Massy told him, "I'm leaning towards Copeland myself, but Iggy is still divided.   Today should give him the push either way."
"Which ones are they?" Tali asked, using a pair of binoculars to watch the students, "Can you point them out?"
"Copeland and Miranda are actually sitting together with Stacy Cossy," Massy told him, "There are four of them together in the back.   Copeland is the one with the brown hair and Simon Sutcliffe is the blonde.   Miranda is the one next to Stacy."
"Pretty girl," Tali admitted, "Good head on her shoulders?"
"Very," Massy said, "Stacy thinks so too, but she did send a curious report last night."
"About what?" Tali asked him, his racking cough starting again.
"She and Miranda met Copeland and his friend Simon at the bar last night," Massy said, "Ended up sitting with both of them.   She thinks that Miranda would do well, but that Copeland would probably be the better Mullinix."
"Really," Tali said, impressed, "The guards usually develop affinity for their own charge.   That's unusual for them to put in a report like that."
"I've seen Copeland in class," Massy said, "Like I said, my personal vote goes for him, but Iggy gets final say."
"I think you'll win either way," Tali admitted, liking what he saw, "You'd best get back down there, Massy.  The kids will miss you."
Massimaferro smiled and gripped Taliaferro's shoulder lightly before heading back downstairs.   The old man watched contentedly through his binoculars at the boy that he figured would become his successor.  Julia noticed him relaxing and sighed, reaching for his free hand and holding on to it.
Down in the chamber, Insegniferro was talking to the participants in the case still, trying to determine the facts of the case from the passionate people there.   The local Colonel had come into it, knowing that if Insegniferro found Roge Kelly guilty it would look bad on him for not doing something sooner.
"This is a case that should never have been sent to you," the Colonel blustered, "Roge Kelly is…"
"A jackass," Insegniferro countered, "Now sit down before I have you removed.  This is my case now and you have no standing in it."
The Colonel reeled back a bit, knowing that he'd gone too far with the Mullinix.  Insegniferro stood up and walked down to the gallery, where the battered wife Kristiana Kelly had been wheeled in, her leg broken in the latest attack.
"I know that you've been through a lot," Insegniferro said as he looked at the young woman, "You are in my chamber now, nothing will happen here without my approval and if anything happens to you outside here for what you say you can be sure that I will hear about it.  I want you to tell me the truth."
The young woman looked up at the Mullinix, the awe and fear apparent in her eyes.  Insegniferro was not a large man, but the position he held made him look a hundred times larger to the scared girl.  He knew that she was scared and crouched a little to bring himself closer to eye level.
"You are a citizen," Insegniferro told her, smiling a little and offering a hand, "You have the right to be heard and not to be hurt for it.   Tell me the truth and you will have nothing to fear."
"He's been beating on me for years," Kristiana said hesitantly, "I try to leave and my family sends me back.   I tell someone and he beats me worse when I get back.  He was in service training with the Colonel here, so nothing is ever done."
"Why didn't you run?" Insegniferro asked her, believing her so far, "You have no legal requirement to stay with him."
"Where can I go?" she asked him, "I have nothing of my own, my family loves him and I…"
The girl broke down and Insegniferro put his hand on her shoulder.   He looked up at the local Colonel and Roge Kelly with fire in his eyes.  They both knew that this was not going well for them and backed up a little.   The guards in the chamber pulled their weapons, ready to do anything that was necessary.
"Say no more child," Insegniferro said, "I've made my judgment."
Insegniferro stood up and nodded at Sascha, who was standing by the doorway.  She went over to comfort the scared woman, sitting with her and putting her arms around the battered woman.   Insegniferro walked over to the defendant's area and looked directly at Roge Kelly.
"I find you guilty of spousal assault," Insegniferro said, "Marriage is a sacred union under the law and you have perverted it long enough.   Your marriage is now officially dissolved.   All possessions that belonged to you now belong to your now ex-wife, save for your clothes and a few personal possessions, to be determined by the Colonel of the area."
The Colonel nodded at Roge, but Insegniferro was not even close to being done yet.   He went over and stared down the local Colonel who was probably even more at fault than the accused himself.   Insegniferro looked the man in the eye and realized how much they had misjudged the man who had been in the job for a few years.
"You are now relieved of duty, Colonel," Insegniferro said, "You are as much at fault as the accused, therefore you will receive punishment as well.   You will forfeit within 30 days one third of your accrued assets to the orphan fund.  If you fail to do so you will lose half and your citizenship privileges for a span of three years.   You are also hereby prohibited from holding another government position."
There was a look of shock in the hall as Insegniferro made this judgment.  He was rarely this harsh on anything, but cases like this pissed him off.  The students watched in silence, riveted by the drama of this case.   This, to them, was like watching a photoplay in person.
"That leaves the assault sentence," Insegniferro said, "Because I find both of you equally guilty, I sentence each of you to ten lashes each.  This sentence will be performed post haste in the square."
Both men knew better than to challenge the pronouncement of the Mullinix, as much as they wanted to.   Mullinix judgments were final in this land, as the Mullinix was the final arbiter of justice.  The fact that they were maddeningly good at it was something that kept crime levels low in the empire, that as well as strict punishments for any crimes.
"Medico Straddling," Insegniferro said, "Thank you for bringing this case to me.  I want this warning passed out on the empire.  I will not stand for any of my representatives condoning this sort of behavior.   A citizen is a citizen.  If they have achieved full citizenship rights then they deserve protection.  Even from those that claim to care for them.  I declare this case concluded."
With that, the participants were brought out of the room.  The entire process had taken less than an hour, which was common for Mullinix cases.  Many of them took much less than that.   It was seeing cases that kept them in touch with the people, however, so that was why they did it.
"Now that that is taken care of," Insegniferro said, "We now have a new piece of business.   We need a new Colonel for Mullinix Centre.  Medico Straddling, you have proven yourself to be a wise man.  You knew when to petition for a higher hearing, as is the right of any citizen.   I've met you before, and this isn't the first good thing you've done for this community.   I would like to ask you to consider the Colonel position for a term."
"I have patients, Mullinix," the Medico explained, "I can't…"
"Yes you can!" Medico Rasten said, "Your assistant can handle the day to day and you can still see patients between cases."
"I…" Medico Straddling said, looking for a way out of it.
"I think you'll do fine," Insegniferro said, "But I don't want you if you aren't willing."
"I can't refuse an offer like this, I guess," Straddling said, "So long as I can continue my practice, I accept."
"Thank you," Insegniferro said, "The documents will be filed before the session ends."
Copeland breathed a sigh.  He couldn't imagine himself doing what Insegniferro had just done.  He hoped he was wrong about the reason they were there.  Miranda was thinking much the same thing for the same reason.   They looked at each other and the concern was evident in their eyes.
"That was a doozie," Simon said, looking at the guards hauling the two away, "Looks like it turned out for the best, though."
"We can but hope," Copeland said, "I wonder what is next."
"I still can't believe we're here," Miranda said, "This is amazing."
"Really," Stacy nodded, "It's fascinating…"
Mr. Irons returned to the class and watched the discussions.   Insegniferro put his Mullinix seal on the paper outlining the judgment and stood up again, turning to the gallery where the class was sitting.  This was going to be the interesting part.  Instead of being completely official, Insegniferro decided to put some humanity to the job.  Something he was able to do very little and that Massimaferro was far better at.
"I'm glad you could join us today," Insegniferro said, his eyes going over the crowd and picking out the ones he was most interested in, "We should do this more often, having classes here.  Might in the future as well.   So do any of you have any questions about what you saw here?"
Nobody said a word, they were all afraid to say anything.  The Mullinix was standing right in front of them, a man that they all knew of but nobody really thought they'd meet.  They were all afraid of acting stupid and gaining unwanted attention.  It was a reaction that Insegniferro was familiar with and decided to see if he could change a little.
"Don't worry," Insegniferro said, "I don't bite.  You're here to learn and if you don't ask, how do you learn?"
"How did you know she was telling the truth?" Simon asked, deciding that his curiosity was worth satisfying.
"Very good question," Insegniferro smiled, "This is a very large part of what I do.  I see people and I learned to read them.  The way she carried her body, the way she framed her answers and a few other things that I don't know how to explain told me she was telling the truth.   It's something that anyone can do, but something you have to work at to hone."
"Why do you see cases like this?" another voice asked, "You don't have to, do you?"
"We are the last line of defense for justice," Insegniferro explained, "This is how we know what people are like in our nation as well.  We learn as much from the cases as we do from our reports and from the guards."
Copeland and Miranda watched the questioning intently, especially when Insegniferro made eye contact with them several times.  They both knew that they were being watched and it didn't make things very much easier.
"You look scared, Copeland," Miranda said, "Afraid the prophecy will come true?"
"Yeah," Copeland said, "I am."
Simon didn't know what to say.  He saw the way that Insegniferro watched his friend as well, wondering whether Copeland really had to worry about being chosen.  Copeland himself was scared and decided to ask a question that could easily be misconstrued, but might just save him from a fate he didn't want.
"I have a question," Copeland said, raising his hand as Simon and Miranda looked at him in surprise.
Insegniferro stopped for a second and looked up.  He wasn't expecting questions from either Miranda or Copeland, as their profiles pretty much said they weren't much for that sort of thing.   But he wanted to hear the boy speak, so he went ahead and pointed at him, careful not to say his name.
"Go ahead," Insegniferro said.
"What makes you better than anyone else?" Copeland asked, almost to the horror of the others, "Why should you pass judgment on them?"
The question stunned pretty much everyone.  Even Insegniferro was taken aback for a second, as nobody had ever really asked that question directly of a Mullinix before.   The Mullinix was an institution that had been around so long that nobody really questioned it, it simply was.
"Sharp mind that one has," Taliaferro coughed as he watched, "I wonder how Iggy will field that…"
It took Insegniferro a minute to process his possible answer.  When it sank in he looked up at Copeland.   Much to Copeland and everyone else's surprise, he smiled and laughed a little bit.  Massimaferro, who had been having just as hard a time keeping a straight face in the back, was stifling a laugh as well.
"The simple fact is that we're not," Insegniferro told him, making eye contact with the young man, "We're just like you.  I was a poor kid from the south when I was chosen for this awful job.  I don't like it, but it has to be done.  I was the right person in the wrong place at the wrong time."
Much like you, Iggy said to himself.   He had made his decision which of the two to take now.  Copeland pretty well knew it himself when he saw Insegniferro's reaction to it.  Simon breathed out finally when he saw that Copeland wouldn't get them thrashed with his impudence.
Taliaferro knew that the boy would be it too, as did Massimaferro.   It was obvious to anyone who knew anything about the process that the choice was pretty well made by that one statement.   
"Take me back to my room," Taliaferro said to Julia, "I've seen enough."

16 - Changing of the Guard

"I can't believe you asked that!" Simon exclaimed as they walked to their next class, "Man, I thought you were nuts."
"The way he looked at you," Miranda said, "I think you're going to be chosen if it happens."
"Me too," Copeland said glumly, "I thought that would throw them off guard."
"Put their attention right on you is what it did," Rav Suvorov said, actually walking with his roommates, "The look on his face was priceless though."
Copeland sighed as they entered the building.  He was feeling more than a little down, and the alcohol had nothing to do with it.  The looks he was getting proved that although the Mullinix choice process is supposed to be a quiet process, information was getting out.
What Copeland didn't know was that this was absolutely normal when there was a lingering illness or when a Mullinix was known to be on the deathbed.  It had been so many years since there was a controlled succession like this one was turning out to be that very few people still living knew what it was like.
Massimaferro had separated from the group and watched the exchange and the looks.  He didn't know how long it would be, but he was certain that it had to be soon otherwise the fur would really start flying.  He went back to the palace and met Insegniferro in the kitchen.   It had been a short session, but a tough one because of the case that he'd been stuck with.
"You're right," Iggy said, seeing Massy, "Copeland is the one."
"Everyone else knows it too," Massy said, "Even his classmates are talking about it.   Copeland Steele is in for a hard ride if this lasts much longer."
"I think you chose just in time," Julia said, walking into the room with a tear in her eye, "He saw the exchange between Iggy and the Steele boy."
"You mean…" Iggy said and trailed off.
Massimaferro didn't wait, but headed straight to Taliaferro's room.  Iggy followed as quick as he could, but he couldn't match Massy's speed.  Massimaferro went into the room just in time to see Medico Rasten closing the old man's eyes, with Insegniferro arriving soon after.
"He saw what he needed to see," Julia said, walking into the room, "I think he knew that you would be all right after the way you handled that case and the exchange."
"Do I pronounce now?" Medico Rasten asked them, "Or do I need to wait?"
"Go ahead and pronounce," Iggy said, sighing as he looked at his mentor, "Keep the information to yourself for now though."
"As you wish, Mullinix," Medico Rasten said.
"Mullinix-Elder," Insegniferro sighed, "For that is what I am now."
"We don't need to debate anymore, do we?" Massimaferro said, "Copeland Steele will become the new Mullinix-Apprentice?"
"As the new Mullinix," Iggy smiled, "The final decision is yours to make.  My vote is yes."
"Where is Edwina?" Massimaferro asked Julia, "Have you seen her today?"
"No," Julia said softly, stifling her tears, "I've been with him all day."
"Stay with him now," Iggy said, hugging the older woman, "We'll take care of the rest of it."
Iggy walked out of the room, followed closely by Massy.  Both of them were saddened by the loss, no matter how much they had been expecting it.  It was like a large piece of their lives was now gone.
"Medico Rasten," Iggy said, when she left the room, "Keep an eye on Julia for a while, will you?"
"Sure," she said, "The certificate can wait until you notify the new chosen."
"Which of us gets to do it?" Massy asked, "I don't know the protocol."
"You do," Iggy said, "I'll prepare the mechanism for advancement.  Find Edwina and get the Steele boy here before he hears about it from someone else."
Massimaferro nodded and headed downstairs, passing Marina and Marianna as they were rushing up the stairs.  The news had already spread through the house staff, so it wouldn't be too much longer before everyone else had found out.
"Is there anything we can do to help?" Marianna asked, "We just heard…"
"Yes," Iggy nodded, "Julia needs you, Marianna.  You were Crian's favorite, so you know what she's going through."
"Right," Marianna nodded and entered the chamber, "I'll be there if I'm needed."
"Marina," Insegniferro said, "Massy is going to arrange for the transfer of the new Mullinix.   We've chosen Copeland Steele."
"I heard about the exchange in the chamber," Marina nodded, "I always knew…"
"Everyone knew," Insegniferro nodded, "Doesn't help, does it?"
"No," Marina sighed, "It doesn't.  We've been cleaning out the spare chamber when we have off time.  I take it that it will be his?"
"Yeah," he nodded, "If there's anything left to get ready, do it.   Just be there for him if he needs you."
"Anything he needs," Marina nodded.
"Just don't scare him," Insegniferro smiled in his grandfatherly way, "You'll probably have to go slow with the boy."
"I know slow," Marina smiled, "It's what I do best, not that you'd know."
"Maybe thirty years ago I would have," Iggy chuckled, "Go on and get ready for him.   Massy will have him within an hour or so."
"I'll be ready" Marina nodded, "No worries."
Insegniferro sighed and went downstairs to fill out some papers that he had been taught how to do years before.  It was a set of papers that one hopes never to have to use, the papers that legally declared the elder position vacant and allowed them to bring in Copeland Steele as the new apprentice.

Chapter 16 - Dawn of Unwanted Ascension

Copeland Steele looked outside the window and saw a flurry of activity around the Palace.  He knew it was coming.  The old woman who had predicted the lives of his two friends had predicted his down to a T as well.  All he could do is halfway stare out the window and dream of a way out of this.
Simon Sutcliffe looked over at his friend, wondering what to do for him.  It was no secret anymore that Copeland was probably going to be the replacement.  This fact alone was enough to depress him.  It was even worse to see Copeland sulk.
The lecture wasn't even half over when an old woman entered the room.  She looked old enough to have been around when the empire was founded and the instructor stopped when she entered the room.  There was obvious recognition, especially since the instructor was old enough to remember the last time she'd made an appearance.
"How can I help you, Edwina?" the instructor said, looking pale, "Is…"
"You'll find out later today," Edwina said, "I'd like to speak with Copeland Steele."
Copeland perked up a little at that.   He didn't like the sound of it, but he couldn't help but notice his name.  He stood up and walked down to the front, not quite sure of what was going on.   Simon and Miranda could only watch as Copeland left the room.  They had the same sinking feeling in the pit of their stomachs that he did, knowing that they may not see him again.
Edwina led Copeland to a special room where Mr. Irons was sitting, bottle of strong booze next to him.  Irons looked up at Copeland and took another drink from the glass he had already poured for himself.  Edwina left the room quickly, content to let the men talk this over this subject.
"Sit down, Copeland," he said, "Have a drink."
Copeland sat down, wondering what was going on.  This certainly wasn't what he was expecting.  He wasn't about to refuse the offer of booze, not with the way his nerves were going.  He took a big drink and looked at the large middle aged man.
"What's going on, Mr. Irons?" Copeland asked him, watching the older man take a drink
He looked at Copeland in confusion for a few moments and then realized that in the confusion over Taliaferro's death he'd forgotten to take off the stuff that Marina had put on to him.  He removed the nose and the wig, placing them on the table.  He pushed his own natural hair back and looked at the young man.
"My name isn't Mr. Irons, Copeland," he said, "My name is Massimaferro."
Copeland closed his eyes and took a deep breath.  He was young, but he knew who the Mullinix-Apprentice was.  He also knew that the Mullinix-Apprentice was not inclined to talk to a simple first semester student for no reason.
"I've been chosen, haven't I?" Copeland said, taking another drink.
"Yes," Massimaferro nodded, "You have.  Mullinix-Elder Taliaferro joined the ranks of the gods an hour ago."
"I should have kept my mouth shut today," Copeland chuckled, "Huh?"
"You were still the top choice," Massimaferro said, "That just confirmed it."
"Great," Copeland said, "My life is over, huh?"
"Not at all," Massimaferro smiled, "It's just beginning."
"Do I get a choice?" Copeland asked hopefully.
"Everyone gets a choice," Massimaferro said, "But will you take a walk with me before you refuse outright?"
"How can I refuse?" Copeland sighed, "Where are we going?"
"Follow me," Massimaferro said, taking a last drink from the bottle and handing it to Copeland, "We'll talk a little bit about what this means."
Massimaferro led Copeland out of the building towards the palace itself.  It was a large building, designed with security in mind.   The city around it was really an afterthought, but the palace itself was really well planned.   They entered through a security gate, with a respectful nod for the uniformed guard standing watch.
"Welcome to the gates of power," Massimaferro said as they walked, "What does it look like?"
"The fulfillment of an old nightmare," Copeland admitted, "I've had nightmares about this for five years now."
"I heard the report about that story," Massimaferro admitted, "Fortune tellers are a bitch, aren't they?"
"How did you…" Copeland asked, eyes wide, "I've only told two people that story!  Did you talk to Simon or Miranda?"
"Stacy, actually," Massimaferro smiled, "Standard procedure.   Miranda was our other choice, as you've deduced."
"Did you place Simon with me?" Copeland asked, not liking the fact of being duped like that.
"No," Massy said, shaking his head, "Simon is simply a kid from the capital.  Rav Suvorov is the agent we put on you."
"Suvorov is a Mullinix Guard?" Copeland said, "Isn't he a bit violent for that?"
"I never said he was a good one," Massimaferro sighed, "This was punishment duty for him it seems.   I guess he did ok with it."
"This is insane," Copeland said, "Why me?"
"Why not?" Massy grinned, "Why shouldn't it be you?"
"I'm nobody," Copeland said, "I shouldn't have this sort of power."
"That's why we chose you," Massy said, "Because you feel that way.   Because you don't want it and would love to avoid it.  That's exactly why we need you, Copeland."
"But I don't know how to do this," Copeland protested, "I saw that case with the Mullinix, where he figured out that the wife beater had been getting help.  I could never have figured it out."
"Not yet," Massy told him, "That's why you'll just be an apprentice.   I guess they never got around to why there are three of us, did they?"
"It was just considered a rote fact," Copeland said, shaking his head, "Why?"
"Because Marcus Mullinix knew that you couldn't learn to rule on the fly and do it effectively," Massy told him, "That's why he put this system in place.   No one person can rule alone and know everything.  The apprenticeship is there to give you a chance to learn what you need to."
"And the Elder?" Copeland asked.
"Gotta have some hope of getting out alive," Massy said, "Also, when you're in power it is good to have someone above you that's been there.  The Elder also often handles a lot of the lessons for the apprentice when the Mullinix is busy."
"You're pretty calm for someone who just had the weight of the world dropped on his shoulders," Copeland said, "How can you be so calm?"
"We've been living with the knowledge that Tali didn't have much longer," Massy told him, "I don't want the job still, but I am ready for it after years of learning from Iggy and Tali."
"Iggy?" Copeland asked.
"We sure as hell don't go around calling each other by our ruling names," Massy chuckled, "Insegniferro is a tongue twister at the best of times.  So is Massimaferro.  You'll find that we're a very familiar group here.  When we're not being official I am Massy and the new Elder is Iggy."
"I mean you seem so aloof, so powerful…" Copeland said.
"That's what it is supposed to look like," Massy told him as they walked into a darkened building, "People want strong, aloof rulers.  But, if you live like that all the time, it will either make you that way permanently or make you a tyrant."
"Like that idiot in Siraq," Copeland said, grasping the obvious.
"Exactly," Massimaferro smiled, "Also the other idiot to our south, King Facie of the Mavelans."
"Where are we?" Copeland asked, looking around the dark building, "This place looks foreboding."
"This is the crypt," Massy told him, "Every Mullinix since the beginning of the empire rests here for eternity."
Copeland was suddenly awed by the realization.  He was within meters of the bones of every single one of the leaders, going back longer than he could fathom.  The large building resembled a cavern, one with very different construction styles as it had been added on to many times over the centuries.
"Come here," Massy said to the younger man as he walked towards the oldest section of the crypt, "This is the mortal remains of the man who started it all."
"The one you told us about in class," Copeland said, gazing at the stone coffin that held the remains of Marcus Mullinix, "How can I follow someone like him?"
"You're just the type he envisioned," Massy said honestly, "The thing that scared him most was that someone who wanted it and could make the position more powerful would get it.  That's why we go through this testing process."
"I still can't believe it," Copeland sighed, "A complete nightmare."
"It's not all bad," Massy smiled, "The people are nice and you're never hurting for company unless you want to be."
"What about the finer points of life?" Copeland asked him as he looked on, "It sounds rather lonely."
"That's what the house staff is for," Massy told him, "You'll love them."
"I don't know," Copeland sighed, "This is still too unreal."
"Let's put it this way," Massy told him, knowing what was going through his head, "You don't want this power, right?"
"Right!" Copeland exclaimed.
"Would you want to put this on anyone else?" Massimaferro said honestly, "We chose you for a reason.   Were we wrong?"
Copeland didn't know what to say to that.  Massimaferro let him think about that for a moment before they turned out and headed to the door.  They walked out back into the blinding sunshine of the summer day.  Massimaferro walked around a little and stretched a little.
"Ok," Copeland said, "I don't have a choice, do I."
"You do," Massimaferro said, "But I think you're going to make the right one."
"Ok," Copeland sighed, "I'm in.  So what is next?"
"Come on inside," Massimaferro invited him, "You get to meet everyone."

Chapter 17 - Inside the Palace

Massimaferro led Copeland back into the palace.  It surprised him, like most other people who went into the living areas, not with its opulence but the fact that it was startlingly ordinary.  Since the people who resided in there tended to be from humble backgrounds they tended to feel more comfortable with ordinary furniture.
"This is it?" Copeland asked Massimaferro, "Doesn't look like much."
"It's home," Massy said, "Been such since I was your age."
"This is too weird," Copeland said shaking his head, "I don't feel like I belong here."
"You will," Massy smiled, "It's a sad day, but in a way a good one as well.  The changing of a Mullinix is always a bittersweet thing."
"How so?" Copeland asked him, "I don't quite get that?"
"We lose a friend," Massy explained, "But we gain a new one too.   We don't get new faces in here all that often.  Glad to have you aboard.  Now it's time to meet the new Elder."
Copeland shrugged and followed along.  Insegniferro was finishing up the paperwork and looked up as they entered the room.  He smiled and signed the last of the papers dealing with the transition and stood up to greet them.
"So we meet again, Copeland," Iggy said, going over to the boy and offering a hand, "How are you feeling?"
"Like I need another drink," Copeland said, shaking the hand of the older man, "How are you, sir?"
"I'm not a sir," Iggy chuckled, "When we're not being official you can call me Iggy.  I'd appreciate it if you did.  I feel old enough becoming the Elder."
"How do you all sound so normal?" Copeland asked them, "I mean…"
"We grew up just as you did," Iggy said, "I meant what I said in the chamber.  We're no better than you are.  We've just received training that you haven't yet.  The fact that you're here and this calm says to me that you're willing to learn."
"I'll be honest," Copeland said, "This still scares the hell out of me."
"We'll do it slowly," Iggy promised, "Come on, let's go meet the others."
They left the room and started heading for the back stairs when a young page started running to them.   He was out of breath and holding a couple notes.  The three Mullinix stopped and waited for the child to catch up.  He was ten if he was a day, but he was conscientious.
"I have a message for the Mullinix," the child said, offering it to Insegniferro, "Wire is open for a response."
"Give it to Massimaferro," Iggy told the child, "He's the Mullinix now."
The child did what he was told and Massimaferro read the message.  He looked up at Iggy with a look of pain in his eyes.  He passed Iggy the message, leaving Iggy to growl when he read it.  Copeland looked at the both of them, wondering what had happened.
"Those bastards," Iggy said, "They did it again."
"What?" Copeland asked, "What happened?"
"The Mavelans launched another raid," Massimaferro said, "They went after civilians this time.  Two-dozen dead, twice as many wounded."
"Oh gods," Copeland said, blood draining from his face, "What do we do?"
"You and I will get you started here," Insegniferro said to Copeland, "I can't do the rites without Massy, but we can get all the paperwork laid out and start the process to get Tali laid to rest."
"I'll take care of that mess down there," Massy said, "Paulus is still here.  If Roland shows up send him down cause he knows the area as well."
"Get moving," Iggy said, shoving him off, "I'll get Copeland settled in and take care of the niceties.   We'll do the formal transitioning as soon as you get that settled."
"See you in a few," Massy said and ran down the hall with the page.
"What is he going to do?" Copeland asked Iggy.
"Talk to the Colonels and give orders," Iggy told him, "Come on, I've got some things to take care of to get you installed.  Walk with me and we'll talk a little."
Copeland nodded and followed him.  They went towards the stairs and started climbing.  Iggy was in good spirits despite Tali's death.  He liked the kid so far.  He thought that Copeland wasn't that far removed from himself when he was younger.  He just hoped that Copeland wouldn't be forced into ascending as early as he was.
"You ok, Copeland?" Iggy asked him, seeing that the boy looked a bit dizzy, "Need to rest?"
"No," Copeland said, smiling for the first time, "Last night's sweet ale is catching up with me."
"I'm sure the generous hits from the bottle Massy brought with him didn't help," Iggy laughed, "We'll get you some tea when we get upstairs."
Marina, Marianna and Julia were waiting outside Taliaferro's room.  Julia was still not in a particularly good state, with the younger two women comforting her.  Copeland looked at the women and didn't know what to do.   He felt out of place and rather impotent in the situation.  Medico Rasten walked out of the late Mullinix-Elder's room when she heard them approaching.
"I'd like you all to meet our new Mullinix-Apprentice," Insegniferro said to them, "You can go ahead and call it, Medico.  No need to hide it now.  We'll do the formal investiture tonight, but it's ok to have it wait a few hours."
"Very well," Medico Rasten nodded, "I'm not sure how to handle this part since no one at the Hospital was part of the staff that took care of Crianferro."
"Standard embalming," Iggy told her, placing a hand on her shoulder, "Treat him as you would any man of respect who has died of natural causes."
Copeland watched this, still feeling like an outsider.   Marina looked at the young man closely, though he didn't notice her yet.  She was surprised when she saw him, really, as she wasn't expecting someone as cute as he was.  Massimaferro was a rather attractive man as well, but he was old enough to be her father and that ameliorated the attraction a little.   She decided that if he was like they were talking about she'd need to make the first move.
"I'm Marina," she said to Copeland, offering a hand, "You are Copeland if I remember correctly?"
"Yes ma'am," Copeland said, taking the hand and bowing a little as he shook it.
"Don't give me that ma'am crap," Marina chuckled, "I'm only a couple years older than you are.  You look as though you could use a cup of tea."
"And a couple headache pills," Copeland nodded, appreciating the warm smile she offered, "If that wouldn't be too much trouble."
"That's what we're here for," Marina said, "I'm surprised Iggy and Massy haven't told you that yet."
"We haven't had a chance," Iggy protested, "Trouble in the south again.  Massy is working on that now."
"That's no excuse," Marina said, chastising the elder, "You can handle this part without him, Iggy.   Let me show him his new quarters and get him that tea and headache pill."
"I stand chastised," Iggy said, without the slightest hint of regret at that, "Marina will take good care of you, Copeland.  Go with her and get yourself taken care of.  Might want to catch a nap if you haven't slept in a while.   We'll talk more later."
"You ok with Julia?" Marina asked Marianna before going off with Copeland.
"Yeah," Marianna nodded, "Take care of the new kid.  That's your job until he's settled."
Marina nodded at Marianna and gave Julia's hand a squeeze before leaving Iggy behind to make the final arrangements for Taliaferro.  She then smiled at Copeland and pushed her red hair back before taking him to his new quarters.
"Is she ok?" Copeland asked Marina after they got out of earshot, "She looks more distraught than anyone."
"Julia and Taliaferro had been lovers for the better part of her life," Marina told him, "She loved him dearly."
"I thought the Mullinix couldn't get into that type of relationship?" Copeland said, "I know they can't marry…"
"Not they anymore," Marina reminded him as they walked, "You."
"I'm trying not to remember that point right now," Copeland sighed, "Point still goes."
"You can't marry in a traditional sense," Marina said, "But that's part of what we do for you.   What you will be doing is stressful.  Nobody expects you to do it without having some way of decompressing afterwards."
"So that's what you…" Copeland said, blushing at the thought.
"Only part of it," Marina laughed, "We're here to make sure you three stay sane.  We make sure you eat, and we make sure you relax.  You can't rule properly if you're fretting about your next meal or feeling decidedly alone can you?"
"I guess not," Copeland admitted, "I still have so much to learn about this."
"It's overwhelming," Marina admitted, "Marianna told me the stories about when Massy came in.  He was just as confused as you were, maybe more-so since he didn't have as much book learning as you did."
"Couldn't tell it now," Copeland said, "He's smart."
"So are you," Marina smiled as they approached the room, "Welcome to your new home."
The suite of three rooms was fairly large.   Marina opened the shutters to allow the remnants of the afternoon sun to filter in.  There were four Mullinix suites, all identical to each other in design.  The basic way things worked was that when a Mullinix died their suite stayed empty, giving the house staff and the other Mullinix a chance to go through things at the proper time.   That left one suite empty at any given time, which was the suite that any new Mullinix received.
"Who's room was this?" Copeland asked, looking at some of the furniture and pictures.
"Crianferro," Marina told him, "He was the last Mullinix to pass away before Taliaferro.   He died before either of us were born."
"How old are you?" Copeland asked her, "You don't look as old as the others."
"I'm the baby of the house staff," Marina smiled, "I turned twenty last month."
"So what exactly is this house staff?" Copeland asked her, "I don't quite get this.  Your job sounds like being a servant, but you took Insegniferro to task about what he was doing with me."
"Have a seat," Marina said, "Let me get the tea and pills and we'll get that head taken care of and talk about it."
"Ok," Copeland nodded and sat down in one of the more comfortable chairs, rubbing his head.
Marina left quickly and collected the tea that Sascha had brought up to the upper floor where the Mullinix suites were.  Sascha looked at her friend and smiled, knowing that she'd been sizing up the new Mullinix.
"So how is he?" Sascha asked her, "Is he cute or what?"
"I don't know if he's your type," Marina smiled, "But I think he's cute.  He's not overly large, and he has a kind face."
"Just make sure there's something left," Sascha grinned, "Don't scare him senseless."
"It's too early for that," Marina chuckled, "He needs sleep more than anything, I think.  We're going to talk for a while.  If something else happens, it probably won't be for a few days."
"Spoil sport," Sascha grinned, "Better get back in there."
"Right," Marina nodded.
Marina walked back in the room and took the chair across from Copeland, pouring a cup of tea and putting the pills on the table in front of him.   She could tell he was frightened by her a bit.   She was determined to not scare him off, especially since she was truly attracted to him.
"So what exactly is it that you do?" Copeland asked Marina as he took the pills chased by tea.
"The House staff is concerned with keeping you sane, as I said before," Marina smiled, "Sometimes that comes in the form of making you dinner, sometimes that comes in the form of a touch or a back rub.  Sometimes we go farther than that."
"Ummm…" Copeland said, trying to figure out the nice way to ask the question, "Including…  well…  You know?"
"We're not whores, if that's what you mean," Marina told him, "We're not paid to do that and not everyone on the house staff does, though some of us will happily do so."
"I'm sorry," Copeland said, "I just…"
"I don't worry about it," Marina said, flashing him another smile, "It's part of life, one that nobody expects you to do without.  You'll see how it goes.  You'll also get your fair share of rebukes from us.   We're a family here, Copeland.  I think you'll learn to like it here."
"We will see," Copeland sighed, "Gods, I'm so tired now."
Marina smiled.  She figured that would be happening soon, especially since she had Sascha bring the sleep inducing tea.  The headache medicine often did that as well.
"This is your home, Copeland," Marina said, "It's been a long day for you.  Go ahead and sleep a while.  We'll talk again later on."
"I'd like that," Copeland told her, "I like talking to you."
"Good," Marina said, a really genuine smile, "I'll see you later."
Copeland didn't get anything else out before he fell completely asleep.  Marina covered him with a blanket and walked out of the room.  Much as parts of her called to slip in there and just hold him as he trembled in his sleep, she knew it was much too early for that.  
"Soon," she said to herself, "I hope…"

Chapter 18 - Medoferro

Marina sipped some tea herself, though this was the high caffeine content brew that Mariana made for those who were working.  She finished a bit of the cleaning up in Copeland's new room and opened all the windows to get rid of a bit of the shut in stuffiness.  She then started to dust and get it the rest of the way clean.
Insegniferro walked into the room and saw Marina working quietly.  He looked down at the young man and smiled.  He was like Massy had been in some ways, but in a lot of ways he was different.  Probably more akin to the young Insegniferro than anyone else.
"How's he holding up, Marina?" Iggy asked her, "I'm amazed you got him to sleep so quickly."
"It was sleep tea," Marina explained, pushing her hair back, "He looked as though he needed some good sleep."
"He did," Iggy said, "I talked to Suvorov a few minutes ago.  The young man and his friend Simon drank more than their share last night."
"Do we have to wake him so soon?" Marina said, looking at him as well, "He's only been asleep about an hour."
"No," Iggy said, shaking his head, "Massy will be up here soon, but the rites can wait a bit longer.  We want him rested before we go through that."
"How bad is it?" Marina asked, "I wasn't born for the last one."
"Not bad at all," Iggy said, "Basically it is a public ceremony, held within hours of the ascension.  We'll do it just before dusk, that way when the public files past Tali's body they won't be able to tell just how ravaging the wasting sickness was on him."
"When does he get a name?" Marina asked, "I'm assuming that will happen soon."
"Massimaferro and I will figure that out soon," Iggy said, "I can't believe the terror that boy has of this, even while asleep.  Look at the way he's trembling."
"He has a strength to him though," Marina said, "You can tell that just by talking to him.  I think he'll be good once he starts to learn." 
"Anyone who can ask a question like he did to a reigning Mullinix does have some form of strength," Iggy admitted, "I just am glad that I will no longer be the reigning Mullinix."
"Is there that much difference?" Marina asked him, "I mean you and Massy have been doing similar things for so long…"
"That's because I ascended so young," Iggy explained, "Tali and I had Massy ready for ruling within five years, so he's been assuming duties as much as possible.  Especially as Tali got older and less able to do it."
"So what will change?" Marina asked him.
"Massy will handle the main sessions," Iggy said, "Most of my time will be training the apprentice.  He'll also handle the coming negotiations in Siraq."
"Diplomacy with him?" Marina said, surprised, "I love Massy as much as you do, but he is not a diplomatic soul."
"He'll be fine," Iggy said, "He'll have Paulus with him when he travels, possibly Copeland too if we can train enough of the protocol basics in time."
"Ok," Marina nodded, "I can see that.  So you don't travel anymore?"
"Thankfully no," Iggy said, "Though Tali often did when I was young in the job.  He did the traveling so I could learn on easier terms.   I don't have to do that here, so I won't be going anywhere."
"In other words," Marina said, "You hate traveling."
"Exactly," Iggy grinned.
Insegniferro took a seat across from Copeland and waited for Massimaferro to show up, which he did after a few minutes.   He walked into the suite and looked around, as he'd never been in this one before.   He sat down in an unoccupied chair and looked at Iggy and Copeland as well.
"The guards did well with that one," Massy said, "Most of the brigands that did the raid on Cirrus City are dead and the Mavelan soldiers pushing them fled back across the border."
"It won't last," Iggy sighed, "This is one mess that is going to get worse."
"Good thing Paulus lost that toss," Massy told him, "Saves me from having to send him in spite of it.  I need some eyes and ears there.   Roland needs more time at home before we send him out again."
"It's your call," Iggy smiled, glad to see that Massy was taking the job, "You're the Mullinix now."
"Not for a few hours," Massy reminded him, "I'm just being nice.  So how's the kid?"
"He's been sleeping." Marina said, "I put him out with some of the rest tea."
"Good move," Massy nodded, "I may take some of that as well."
"We have too much to do," Iggy reminded him, "Marina, can you snag him some of Marianna's tea?"
"Here," Marina said, passing Massy the remains of her cup, "That should be enough to get you started."
"Thanks," Massy nodded appreciatively and drank a little, "So what do we do now?  Wait for the embalmers to finish with Tali so we can do the ascension ceremony?"
"We need to name him," Iggy reminded him, "Actually, you do.  It will be your first official act as Mullinix."
"Lovely," Massy frowned, "So you're the one who named me, eh?"
"Right," Iggy grinned, "Just as Crian did for me and Tali did for Crian."
"My name means Maximum Iron," Massy remembered from his first year, "I guess that's from my size.   What is yours?"
"Teaching Iron," Insegniferro said, "Crian said that even then I looked like a teacher."
"Tali?" Massy asked, curious.
"Such Iron," Iggy reminded him, "He was actually the third Mullinix to have that name.   You are actually Massimaferro IV."
"So we need to pick a similar name for Copeland here," Massy said, "I don't know what to call him."
"He's still so cold," Marina said, "Look at the way he's shaking."
"That's not cold," Iggy said, "It's fear.   It is really setting in on him."
"Was I that scared?" Massy asked.
"Not to this extent," Iggy said, "But with that fortune hanging over his head and it coming true…"
"I guess I'd be scared too," Massy nodded, "This life isn't so bad, is it?"
"Not in the long run," Iggy agreed, "Though the job sucks."
"What is the prefix for fear?" Massy asked, "Just out of curiosity."
"Medo," Iggy said after a beat, "Iron Fear would be Medoferro."
"I think that's a good name," Massy smiled, "Medo would be an easy shortening of it too."
"Medoferro it is," Iggy said, "Easy enough.   What do you think, Marina?"
"I like it," Marina smiled, "It fits him."
"What is it that is different in here?" Massy said, "This doesn't feel like my room or yours.   This is the first time I can remember being in here…"
"It was Crianferro's room last," Iggy told him, "I'm not sure what is different though, but something is."
"Fresh air," Marina told them, "Iggy's room smells like a musty old library and Massy's is like old clothes.  Neither of you let us open the windows for any real length of time."
"That explains it," Iggy said, "But I like my personal library, thank you very much.
"Well," Massy said, "Shall we get some dinner before we go through this process?"
"Probably a good idea," Iggy agreed, "You coming, Marina?"
"I'll stick with Medoferro," Marina told him, "Can you have Sascha bring up some food for us.  I'll wake him up in a half hour or so."
"Sure," Massy nodded, "Take care of the boy."
"I will," Marina promised, "I think I have an idea on how to make him more comfortable with this."
"Do what you think is best," Iggy told her.
Iggy and Massy walked out and left Marina with Medoferro.  They walked together as they often did and paused outside Taliaferro's room, a room that they expected to leave vacant for the duration.  They looked at each other and just shook their heads.
"Marina is hovering over him like a mother hen," Massy said, "I wouldn't have thought that for her."
"She's been wanting someone closer to her own age to talk to," Iggy reminded him, "I think she may be just what he needs to get used to this."
"Let's hope so," Massy agreed, "Something has to help.  If not, he'll crack."
"Wouldn't be the first time," Iggy reminded him, "Let's just hope it doesn't happen again."
They took another look at Taliaferro's old room and then headed downstairs to get some food for themselves.   It had been a long day and it wasn't over yet.   For all of them there were changes afoot, ones that meant that their lives would never be the same.  Whether that was for better or worse they still didn't know.

Chapter 19 - Those Left Behind

Simon Sutcliffe sat in his room glumly alone.  Even Suvorov was gone, having been relieved of his duty in the service center by the fact that Copeland had been chosen.  It was the first time that he'd ever had a room to himself in his life and he was finding out that it wasn't all that it was cracked up to be.
Peter Lomax knocked on the door finally and walked into the room.  He sat on what had been Copeland's bed, though the Mullinix guard had cleaned out it and the area around it when Copeland had been officially chosen.  He figured that Simon would be glum and he certainly looked it.
"How are you holding up, Simon?" Peter asked him, "I hadn't seen or heard anything out of here for a while so I figured I'd check up on you."
"I'm probably better off than Copeland is," Simon sighed, "He's probably scared out of his skull right now."
"They have ways of dealing with that," Pete told him, "Copeland will be all right.  They wouldn't have chosen him if they didn't think so."
"What happened to Suvorov anyway?" Simon asked, "I know they didn't choose him!"
"He was a Mullinix guard," Peter explained, "They often get put in with candidates to keep an eye on them."
"Leaving me alone," Simon sighed, "Man, this bites.  Copeland was the nicest guy in the place.  No offense, Pete."
"None taken," Peter chuckled, "It's not like you won't be able to see him again.  The Palace isn't a prison or anything.  He'll get out to see his family and friends.  Being the Mullinix isn't quite the same as dying."
"For him it's gotta be quite close," Simon said, "He had a real fear of being chosen for this."
"Do you want to go see the Ascension?" Peter asked him, "You'll get to see him there."
"Ascension?" Simon asked, not having been out and around this afternoon.
"When the mantle changes hands they have an ascension ceremony and funeral for the late Mullinix," Peter explained, "You might not see another one for many years."
"Sure," Simon nodded, "Beats sitting here alone."
"Get dressed for it," Peter said, "I'll come back and get you in a few minutes."
"Right," Simon nodded, "I'll be ready."
Peter went out front and nodded at Marina, who was sitting out on a seat in the outer room.  She stood up and shook hands with Peter, who she'd been introduced to a few minutes earlier.
"Is he going?" Marina asked him.
"Yes," Peter nodded, "Are you sure that you can do this?"
"It'll make Copeland feel better," Marina explained, "It will probably do the same for Simon as well."
"Very well," Peter nodded, "I'm not going to argue.  I've never been to one of these either.  I'll just go with the rest of my suite."
"He may be back for that part," Marina told him, "I may be joining him because I've never seen one of these either."
"Who's joining who for what?" Simon asked as he walked out, "Who's this lovely young lady, Pete?"
"My name is Marina," she told him, offering a hand, "I work for the house staff up in the palace."
"House staff?" Simon said, "You're the ones who…"
"Yes," Marina chuckled, cutting him off, "We see to the well being of the Mullinix. Let's leave it at that, shall we?"
"Sure," Simon nodded, knowing when to leave well enough alone, "What are you doing here?"
"I figured you might want to see your friend before his big appearance," Marina said, "He could use a visit from a friend too."
"Ok…" Simon said and then looked at Pete, who shrugged, "I don't know what good I'll do."
"Just be a friend," Marina said, "That's all."
"Sure," Simon said, "I'd like to see him."
"Come on with me," Marina said, "Take it easy, Peter."
Peter waved at them as he watched Marina and Simon head off to the Palace.  Simon watched her, wondering just what she was like.  Marina liked the new boy, but not the same way she liked Copeland.  Simon was a likable sort, someone that was just as non-threatening to her as Copeland was, but someone she'd prefer to keep as a friend.
"So how is he handling it?" Simon asked her, "He looked terrified when he left with Mr. Irons."
"Massimaferro did a fairly good job at preparing him," Marina told him, "He was sleeping when I left him a little while ago."
"You got him to sleep?" Simon said, almost shocked, "I don't think he slept at all last night."
"A bit of tea and some headache pills," Marina smiled, "Works every time.  The fact that you and he drank way too much last night didn't help."
"I take it Suvorov told you that," Simon said, remembering his own morning headache, "It was a good night though."
"I haven't seen Suvorov," Marina shrugged, "Just read the report when Iggy told me to take care of him this afternoon."
"Babysitter, huh?" Simon said, "He'll love that…"
"More like a guide," Marina told him, "I know the place and he doesn't.  I'm only a couple years older than the two of you as well."
"That works," Simon nodded as they walked together.
Simon was nearly as underwhelmed with the palace as Copeland had been, though his response was a mite more reserved since he wouldn't have to live there.  Marina walked them through security and they walked up the stairs to the Mullinix suites, an area that few outsiders have ever seen.  
"This is interesting," Simon said, "Is this where all the Mullinix live?"
"Yep," Marina nodded, "There are four suites, three of which are occupied at any time."
"A bit of a step up from our earlier quarters," Simon said, "That's something at least."
"We're trying to make him comfortable," Marina promised, "He'll get fed better here as well."
"Real food?" Simon said, surprised, "I'll have to come over for dinner sometime."
"Food should be in there," Marina said, "Provided that he hasn't eaten it all yet."
"I'm all for that too," Simon said.
Marina knocked on the door and then opened it up.  Copeland was there and awake but still a little out of it.  Daytime naps were not something he was used to doing, though he would be the first to admit that he felt a bit better.  He had just started on the coffee and flatbread when he noticed Simon come in.
"Man," Copeland said, "I'm glad to see you, Simon!"
"I tell you," Simon said, smiling at his friend, "If you don't have the freakiest timing…"
"Sit, sit!" Copeland said, "Have something to eat.   I will say this much, the food here so far exceeds that crap we ate in the caf."
"Just what I wanted to hear," Simon chuckled, sitting down and grabbing some bread, "So what happened?"
"Massimaferro came to get me," Copeland explained, "We spent a good long time talking about the process that got me chosen."
"You mean the dumbass question that confirmed it?" Simon grinned.
"That too," Copeland nodded, eating a bit more, "But now that it has been explained a bit more I'm not quite as scared of it as I was before."
"That's sorta like saying you're a bit less drunk that you were last night," Simon pointed out, "How is your head, anyway?"
"A little bit of sleep helped that," Copeland said, "I guess now that it's happened; I can't dread it as much either."
"I hate to interrupt," Marina said, "But you're going to have to go through the ascension ceremony in about thirty minutes."
"I don't get a chance to prepare for this, huh?" Copeland asked her.
"No need," Marina told him, "They expect you to be shell shocked for this ceremony.  Insegniferro will have the hard part."
"Man," Simon said, "I don't envy you this part."
"It'll be all right, Simon," Copeland told him, "Just come visit me once in a while, eh?"
"Every day at mealtime," Simon promised cynically, earning a dinner roll tossed squarely at his nose, which he caught in his mouth, "Mmmf…  Thanks!"
Marina smiled and slipped out of the room, leaving the two boys on their own.  Massimaferro was in his room being helped into the formal garb that weighed twice as much as it should have.  Marianna was tying the laces and getting him into the ridiculous getup.
"He and Simon seem to have bonded well," Marina said, "Considering they've known each other for less than a week."
"Good," Massy grunted as Marianna pulled something tight, "Maybe he'll choose the boy for his Personal Rep."
"So what is the plan?" Marina asked him, "What do we have to shove him in to?"
"Leave him in his regular clothes," Massy said, "Just have him downstairs in twenty minutes.  People are already starting to gather in the square."
"Who goes out with him?" Marianna asked, "Any of us?"
"Just us three on the stage," Massy said, "Any of you who want to watch can do so from the audience."
"I'll bring Simon down there and watch from the front," Marina said, "Anything else you need?"
"Yeah," Massy grunted, "A good tailor to let this damned thing out."

Chapter 20 - Ascension

Marina and Simon walked down the steps of the palace into the back of the stage area.  This stage was used by any number of events in the empire, from the infrequent ascension ceremonies to the more common public punishments.  It was also used for happier occasions, such as plays and musical concerts. 
"You ready for this, Copeland?" Simon asked him, "You are about to go public my man."
"He'll be fine," Marina said, "From what I hear it isn't too bad."
"You're not the one being shoved out like a piece of meat," Copeland frowned, "I don't even know what to do."
"You aren't supposed to," Marina said, "They know you haven't had time to digest it.  You don't have to do a damned thing, the more confused you look the better."
"Thanks," Copeland grumbled, "Where are you guys going?"
"I'll be in the front row," Marina promised, "They're holding it for staff.  Simon will be there too."
"I'll grab Miranda if I see her," Simon promised, "We're rooting for you, old boy."
"Like hell," Copeland chuckled, "Miranda will just be pleased that it isn't her."
"That too," Simon admitted.
Insegniferro and Massimaferro walked through the door and Simon was shocked at just how normal they looked, despite the heavily ornate costumes they were wearing.  They both looked a bit heavily loaded and neither one looked particularly happy, though they managed a smile to Copeland.
"Don't sweat this, Copeland," Insegniferro said, "We'll do all the talking.  We've both been through this before.   Just stand there and look confused and follow our instructions."
"That's easy enough," Copeland said, "I'm scared shitless."
"If you weren't I'd be scared we chose badly," Iggy smiled, "Just enjoy the ride.  This will be the least demanding thing you ever do as a Mullinix."
"So what do I do next?" Copeland asked them, "I don't have a clue."
"Just stand here and watch," Massimaferro told him, "We'll call you out, come get you if we need to.  Just stand there and nod."
"In other words," Simon grinned, "Just be yourself, man."
"Exactly," Iggy grinned, "We'll do all the talking.   When this is over you'll be the new apprentice and you will have a new name.  Then the real training will begin."
"After the parties end at least," Marina said, "Mariana told me about the one that happened for the last ascension."
"Party?" Copeland asked, dreading it.
"Relax," Massy said, "Just the house staff and a few select friends.  Simon, if you want to join us you'll be welcome."
"Miranda too if she wants to join you," Iggy added, "I heard that you three were friends."
"Just so long as I don't have to eat at the service center I'm there," Simon grinned, "Thanks."
"Better get to your seats," Iggy said, "I have to go out and be official."
Marina and Simon departed, leaving a very depressed looking Copeland Steele behind.  They slipped down into the front of the crowd.  Marina found the house staff seats, bringing Simon with her.  Simon kept his eyes peeled into the crowd, finally seeing Miranda about three rows back.   Miranda saw him too and pushed forward.
"Can we let her in?" Simon asked Marina, "She's a friend too."
"Sure," Marina nodded, "We've got the seats up here."
Simon stood up and lifted the rope separating the front seats from the general public ones.  Miranda slipped through quickly and hugged Simon.  She looked worried, but she nodded at Marina.
"Marina," Simon said, "This is Miranda, one of our classmates.  Miranda, Marina here is part of the palace house staff."
"So it is true," Miranda said, "They did choose Copeland."
"He's sitting in the back scared out of his mind," Marina nodded, offering a hand, "He's not thrilled by it but he's handling it ok."
Miranda shook hands with Marina and looked up at the stage.  She was mixed in her feelings, feeling glad that she didn't have to go through what he was and sorry that he had to go through it either.  She wondered just how close it had been when he was chosen.
"It'll be starting any minute," Marina said, "We'd best sit down and watch."
Almost as if on cue the somber music started, a tune that all of them had heard before and never wanted to for it usually meant that someone had died.  This time, instead of played by a solitary trumpeter like was the norm for funerals in the empire, it was played by a quartet of trombonists in a regal manner fitting the death of a respected Mullinix.
Everyone in the audience bowed their heads as six uniformed guards carried Taliaferro's coffin out onto the stage, led by Insegniferro and Massimaferro.  Both wore somber looks on their faces, but didn't show tears.  They had a job to do and knew that it was important, not just for them but for the people of the empire.  This display would be reported on in detail and caught in a photoplay and on a phonorecord for distribution all over the empire.
The entire song was played, with the crowd watching and bowing their heads.  Those old enough to remember Crianferro's death remembered seeing the same thing back then.  The younger people had heard of this and were watching.  They knew that a changing of the guard was taking place and were riveted at the proceedings.  Finally, as the music died down Insegniferro walked to the front of the stage, where he would be the first to speak.
"Citizens," Insegniferro said in his loud teacher voice, "It is my sad duty today to report to you the death of our respected Mullinix-Elder, Taliaferro."
"Man," Simon said, "They know how to put on a show."
"Hush," Miranda and Marina said, almost in unison.
"Taliaferro has been one of the longest serving Mullinix in history," Insegniferro continued, saying the obligatory words about his predecessor "And he has been a good one.  I myself have learned a lot from him and will miss him terribly.  Thankfully, he was not in too much pain at the end and his mind was clear until the last.  We in the palace hope, as you on the street most likely do as well, that Taliaferro is in a better place."
Everyone bowed their heads in respect to the fallen Mullinix.  Even the irreverent Simon knew that this was a sad moment, holding his peace and looking solemnly at the procession.
"As has happened before and will happen again," Insegniferro started, using nearly the same wording Taliaferro had during Crianferro's funeral years before, "It is time for the Mantle of leadership to change.   The tradition states that I, as the reigning Mullinix, must now step aside for another generation to take control.  I will now fulfill that tradition honorably and with the satisfaction of having done the best I could for the Mullinix Empire during the years I have been its steward.
"Massimaferro has been the apprentice now for over a quarter century.  As many of you know, he has been taking on more and more of the practical aspects of ruling and is exceedingly qualified to take on the office.  This is a position that is of utmost importance, as he will now be responsible for the empire itself.  It is with great confidence that I now hand over the trappings of power to my apprentice, Massimaferro."
"A mite wordy," Simon quipped, "But definitely powerful."
"Yeah," Marina nodded, "Iggy can be eloquent when he wants to be."
"Iggy?" Miranda asked.
"That's what we call him inside," Marina explained, "Massimaferro is Massy.  I expect Copeland will become Medo before long."
"Medo?" Simon and Miranda said almost in unison.
"Medoferro," Marina told them, "That will be his Mullinix name."
"Must be nice to be on the inside," Simon chuckled.
"Especially without the baggage they carry," Miranda added.
"It has some perks," Marina admitted, "Let's see what happens next."
On the stage Massimaferro came forward, carrying a neutral look on his face as two of the senior guards helped move the large hat setup from Insegniferro's head over onto the new Mullinix.  This tradition marked the official switch of power.  Although he had been the de facto Mullinix for hours, Massimaferro now carried the full weight and rule of the office.  He moved to the front to say a few words.
"Thank you, fellow citizens," Massimaferro said, choosing his words carefully, "On this day of sadness we have to think about all the things that Taliaferro has contributed to this nation.  However, we also have to think about the future as the empire will continue on past any of us.  There are things to do, buildings to build and lives to lead.
"Continuing this tradition is something we have thought long and hard about.  It has been no secret that Taliaferro was aging and his passing was just a matter of time.  Though we miss him now that he's gone, it is important now not to live in the past but to create a new future.  Part of this new future is to ensure that the Mullinix mantle will be passed to a properly trained individual in the future."
"Enter Copeland…" Simon said quietly, getting an elbow from Miranda.
"A lot of thought has gone into this selection," Massimaferro continued, "As always, we have taken many factors into account before choosing a new Mullinix-Apprentice.  This young man is intelligent, has an analytical mind and knows when to ask an awkward question.  He was chosen for sure, in fact, after a rather stunning question to Insegniferro during a question and answer session with Service Center students."
"You mean a stupid question," Miranda chuckled, "So that was what got him the job."
"You mean the sentence," Simon countered.
"It won't be that bad," Marina promised, "I'm sure he'll come to like it…"
"Copeland Steele," Massimaferro continued, "Would you please come out and join us on the stage!"
Insegniferro led Copeland out on the stage and the boy looked terrified.  He wasn't sure what to do, so he just followed along blindly.  At this point Massimaferro could have told him to bark like a dog or cluck like a chicken and he would have done it.  Instead, Insegniferro simply brought him over to stand on the stage in between them.  Insegniferro's hand held on to his shoulder to give the boy some much needed stability.
"This young man is going to be the future of the empire, and he is here to learn," Massimaferro said to the crowd and then turned to Copeland, "Now, my boy, you are here because you have been chosen to be the new Mullinix apprentice.  Your duty will be to learn, to challenge, to ask questions and to prepare yourself to take my place when the time comes."
Copeland gulped as he looked up at the large man.  Massimaferro was imposing in size at the best of times.  In his Mullinix regalia and speaking in a formal manner (a tone that was somewhere above normal speaking and below shouting) he was enough to scare the hell out of the smaller Mullinix.  Insegniferro squeezed the young man's shoulder and flashed him a small comforting smile.
"Copeland," Massimaferro continued, trying hard not to laugh at the bullshit, "Do you accept the responsibility that you have been chosen for?"
"Yes Mullinix," came Copeland's weak reply.
"Good," Massimaferro said, smiling and winking at the young man to break his tension a little, "You have been chosen for a large and imposing duty, but you will not be alone in this.   You will have years to train and by the time you take on this duty you will be ready to do so.  It is with sadness for my fallen colleague and the happiness of having a new one that I give you the name you will carry into the future, a name which will be spoken throughout the empire."
Massimaferro looked out at the crowd, giving them a dramatic pause.  Marina couldn't help but chuckling a little while looking at Massy ham up in front of the crowd.  Only a sharp jab from Miranda into Simon's ribs kept him from heckling the ceremony, as they all knew it deserved it at this point.
"Your name as a Mullinix will be Medoferro IV!" Massimaferro said, then regurgitated some history he had just looked up, "It is a name that has been carried with honor by three earlier Mullinix.   Medoferro I, who ruled as Mullinix for eight years in the third century of the Empire as well as brought to fruition the first empire expansion.  Medoferro II, who presided over the grand first millennial celebration during his 22-year reign.   Also Medoferro III, who during his reign in the fourteenth century stopped the great Plague of Skolnik, and who's massive planning extends to the medico system of this day."
Massimaferro let the history lesson get through to the audience.  Copeland, now Medoferro, let it terrify him because he thought that he had no way of living up to that type of predecessor.  Insegniferro knew what the boy was feeling and leaned over to whisper something into his ear.
"Don't worry, Medoferro," Insegniferro whispered, "Everyone feels inferior during this.  We'll talk more later."
"On this night, we respect the old and honor the new," Massimaferro continued, "So in a few minutes anyone who wants to pay respects to the passing Mullinix and the new one may proceed in an orderly manner across the stage.  Please remember to follow the instructions from the guards controlling the procession and keep your comments brief, as we will be up here a long time."
With that, Insegniferro and Massimaferro bowed towards the crowd, pretty much forcing Medoferro along with them.  They then stood up and walked off the stage, going into that offstage area.  Both Simon and Miranda up on her feet soon after they were gone, joining Marina as they walked towards the edge.
"Let's go see them in the back," Marina said, "We've probably got five minutes before the procession begins."
"Procession?" Miranda asked, not being from the capital.
"Always happens during a switch," Simon told her, "The three Mullinix have to stand there next to the coffin of the departing Mullinix and smile and make comments to the passing people for a few hours after the ceremony."
"Sounds dreadful," Miranda shuddered, "I'm glad I got passed over."
"You make it sound like hell," Marina chuckled, "Of course, I would probably have liked it.   Which, of course, is why I was most likely never considered."
The three of them slipped past security, with Marina's pass covering them all.  They found their way to the area where Massimaferro, Insegniferro and the still scared looking Medoferro were sitting.  Marina smiled and walked over with Miranda and Simon in tow.
"How are you feeling, Medoferro?" Marina asked him, "You look a little peaked."
"Scared," Medoferro admitted, "More than a little confused."
"We've been preparing for this for years," Iggy explained to him, "You've been coping with it for less than twelve hours.  You did fine.  Nobody looks their best up there."
"Rabbit in the headlights is the average look from what I was told," Massy told him, "You did fine."
"What is this procession thing?" Medoferro asked them.
"Something you're going to have more fun doing than I would have," Miranda grinned, "I guess we know who is getting chosen now, huh?"
"My own damn fool fault," Medoferro grunted, "I should have kept my mouth shut this morning."
"You still had a good shot at it," Massimaferro chuckled, "I was pushing for you anyway."
"Nothing against you, of course, Miranda," Iggy said, recognizing the girl.
"Oh believe me," Miranda laughed, "I don't care why I wasn't chosen and I thank you for choosing him over me."
"I swear I get no help here at all," Medoferro said, sighing, "So do we at least get to sit down for this part?"
"Afraid not," Iggy said, "Just stand there and try to look wise."
"And try not to be a wiseass to the citizens," Simon grinned, "I'll do that for you in private."
"That's what whispers are for, Medo," Massy said, using what would become Medoferro's nickname for the first time, "And we'll all need a good laugh in a few hours."
"I'm going to head back and see if they have gotten the party ready yet," Marina said, "Anything special you want me to see if they can make for you, Medo?"
"Just have plenty of Alcohol," Medo chuckled nervously, "I'm going to need it."
"Ok," Marina smiled, "I think I can manage that.   Anything for either of you?  Massy?  Iggy?"
"A normal spread will do nicely," Iggy said, "We're all going to be tired when this is done."
"We'd better get out there," Massy said, peeking out, "The crowd is getting rowdy."
"Have fun," Simon said, clapping Medoferro on the shoulder, "See you in a few."

Chapter 21 - Meet and Greet

Medoferro groaned as the three of them walked out to do the meet and greet.  He was surprised to find out that Insegniferro and Massimaferro were dreading it almost as much as he was.   He looked up at them and tried to figure out what he could say and not say.
"Relax," Massy said to him again, "This part is annoying but it is tradition.  Just grin like an idiot and try not to punch anyone."
"We'll get to laugh like hyenas about it at the party," Iggy told him, "This is the third one of these damned things I've been through.  If I'm lucky it will be my last."
"Why if you're lucky?" Medoferro asked, not grasping the obviousness of it.
"Because if it isn't," Iggy said somberly, "It means that one of you two is dead.  That's not supposed to be the way it works.  Tali had to go through four of these because of Crian.  I intend to only go through three, thank you."
"I swear we need to start sitting through these," Massy grunted, "I'm getting too old to stand up this long."
"Too late now, just stand smile and suffer like I did the last two times," Iggy said and turned to the guards, "Ok.   Start the procession."
The people had lined up peaceably, as was the norm.  Insegniferro, as the new elder, stood next to Taliaferro's coffin.  Massimaferro took the next position as the new Mullinix.  Medoferro was left last in the line, although he was the one that most of the people wanted to see.  It was sort of like being in a meat market, everyone looking you over.
The procession began slowly.  Each person got to pay their last respects to Taliaferro.  Some said small prayers, others merely looked at the lifeless remained of a man who had been a fixture in their lives for as long as most of them had been alive.  It was a sobering thing to see, even in the dim light, what the wasting sickness could do to even the most powerful of men.
The people had only a few moments to gaze on the body before moving on to Insegniferro.   Insegniferro was not outgoing by nature and did little more than smile and nod.  He said maybe five words the entire time, as this ranked as one of the least pleasurable things he had to do in his life.
Massimaferro was actually rather outgoing.  When he was chosen on the fly Taliaferro and Insegniferro knew they'd need someone outgoing enough to make up for Insegniferro's reticence.  Massimaferro was the one who was from the right area that fit the bill.  He'd long been known as the most entertaining of the Mullinix.  He'd shake hands and flash each person a smile, much like a politician in a republic.
Medoferro was somewhere between the two.  He couldn't stand as impassive as Insegniferro did, but he couldn't force himself to be as outgoing as Massimaferro was.  He nodded and gave half smiles to everyone who walked by.  Mostly he just was himself, a person who hated crowds.
The people watched him close, scoping out the new man who would have power over their lives.  Some were awed and some were saying to themselves that he wasn't much or that he couldn't do it.  But to a person they realized that he wouldn't have been chosen if Insegniferro and Massimaferro didn't think he could do the job.  
"How are you holding up?" Massimaferro whispered to Medoferro, "Fun, isn't it?"
"You really are a masochist," Medoferro told him, "How much longer?"
"Only an hour or so," Massimaferro told him with a smile, "Buck up.  I'll buy you a drink after it's over."
"I'll take you up on that," Medoferro said, smiling, "Count on it."
"Right," Massimaferro chuckled and turned back to the passing crowd, "How are you doing sir?"
Massimaferro was only off by about ten minutes, as the display ended seventy minutes after that exchange.  When the crowd had all passed by the guards escorted the three of them off the stage into the back area.  Even Massimaferro looked beat when they sat down in the back.
"Why in the hell did I agree to take this job?" Medoferro said as he sat back and rubbed his legs, "Good God, I think basic training would have been better than that."
"That's the worst of it," Insegniferro said, "Now for the private celebration of Taliaferro's life.  This part will be much more pleasant."
"Just what I need," Medoferro sighed, "More people."
"You've met most of these," Massimaferro told him, "Your friends will be there too.  There will be drinks and fun."
"Plenty of fun," Insegniferro agreed.
"Let's go," Medoferro said, "I could use both."

Chapter 22 - The Party

The three Mullinix walked up to the living level of the palace.  It wasn't as somber up there as it had been in the official ceremony.   The house staff knew that after the long endurance race that the procession tended to be that they'd be tired, so they had gotten everything ready for them.
"Now for the nice part of the job," Massimaferro told Medoferro, "The rest and relaxation."
There were only about fifteen people there, most of them female.  The house staff tended to consist of members of the opposite sex from the current Mullinix, though there had been a few fey Mullinix in the past.  The only men in the room for this one other than the Mullinix, however, were Roland, Paulus and Simon.  
"Welcome back guys," Paulus grinned, "Was it the hell that it looked like last time?"
"How would you know?" Roland asked him, "You weren't even a personal rep last time."
"I went through the procession," Paulus told him, "I had to see Massy going through that pain in the rear."
"I see you didn't repeat the experience," Massy chuckled, "At least Simon was brighter than you were."
"I figured Copeland…er… Medoferro," Simon said, correcting himself, "I figured he'd be having a bad enough time as it was."
"You figured right," Medoferro agreed, "How does the naming go anyway?  Do I have to use Medoferro?"
"You might as well get used to it," Iggy said, taking a comfortable seat, "Medo is easier to say than Copeland anyway."
"Medo it is then," Simon said and handed his friend a drink.
"I still can't believe all this," Miranda said, "So how does it feel, Medo?"
"I'm still a bit overwhelmed," Medo sighed and took a deep drink of the ale, "I could get to learn to like it though."
"Here," Marina said, handing Medo a basket of fresh bread as she sat down next to him, "Eat something so the alcohol doesn't make you pass out."
"So," Roland said, turning to Simon and Miranda, "You two here to support our new Mullinix there or because the food is better?"
"Both," Simon grinned, "Right Miranda?"
"I'm here mainly to celebrate the fact it wasn't me," Miranda grinned.
"Don't worry," Iggy told her, "There are plenty of other jobs we can draft you in to, young lady.  I'm sure we'll find something for you."
"So long as it isn't Mullinix I think it'll be ok," Miranda said.
"How are you holding up now, Medo?" Marina asked him, "You still look tense."
"How would you feel?" Medo asked, "This morning I was a kid with a hangover.  Now I'm in the succession line to rule an empire.  It's a big change to have happen over the course of one day."
"Not to mention the physical battering that resulted from the ceremony," Massy said, "You're going to be limping for days."
The party continued and everyone ended up introducing themselves to Medoferro.  The young man was overwhelmed at the difference between the official ceremonies and the private one.  A few remembrances of Taliaferro were shared, but mostly it was a celebration of the appointment of a new Mullinix.  
Grief was there in some, but the tradition was that the death of a Mullinix and appointment of a new one was a cause for celebration because it meant that the system was continuing to work and the empire was secure until the next necessary transfer.  Music was played and dancing occurred, though Massimaferro, Insegniferro and Medoferro tended to shy away from it a little because of the rigors from the procession.
It was a grand celebration, but it did little to ease the discomfort that Medoferro still felt inside.  Simon and Miranda were having fun along with the others, dancing and laughing and drinking.  It was a mirth that Medoferro couldn't force himself to share because unlike them he knew his childhood was over.  It was not a fun realization, despite the party going on around him.
"I think I need to walk around a little bit," Medoferro said, sighing a little, "Keep my knees from locking up completely."
Medoferro walked out of the room, going to the large balcony that was just off the common area where the party was going on.   Insegniferro, who was sitting and chatting with Julia and a couple of the older house staff members, noticed him go out the door.  He waved over to Marina, who came over to talk to him.
"Marina," Iggy said, "Medo is sulking a little and looking a little lonely.  You might want to go talk to him a little."
"Sure," Marina nodded, "I saw him go but I didn't know whether to follow or not."
"Trust me," Iggy told her, "He's feeling very alone right now.  Massy or I won't be of much help because we're not his generation like you are.  He needs a friend that knows this place.  Maybe even a little more than that."
"I'll see what I can do," Marina smiled, "How far should I go?"
"As much as both of you are comfortable with," Iggy told her, "I'll be honest.  Being close to his age you'll probably be a very large part of what makes him comfortable here."
"I like him," Marina smiled, "He's very cute…"
"Good," Iggy laughed, "You've been stuck with us old men for way too long."
Iggy turned back to the people he was talking to and Marina headed out on to the balcony to see Copeland sitting on a heavily padded lounging chair drinking a bit more of the ale.  She knew he was no longer drinking a little to have fun but drinking more and more to forget.  She sighed and hoped that she could help before he started doing that too much.
"You look a little glum, Medo," Marina said, walking over to him, "Are you ok?"
"Still not quite sure how to feel about this," Medo said, not looking up, "Wondering why I'm doing this."
"I can understand that," Marina told him as she pulled a chair up next to him, "This is a party though, you're supposed to have fun."
"Simon and Miranda seem to be having more fun than I am," Medo told her, "I just can't seem to make myself so happy about this."
"Why's that?" Marina asked him.
"I don't want to burden you with it," Medo said, "Don't worry…"
"I do worry about it," Marina told him, "That's part of what I'm here for.  If you're feeling down it means that we're not doing our job right."
"That's part of it," Medo sighed, "I see Miranda and Simon in there laughing and having a good time.  I know that I'll never be as free as they are again.  I may have power, but power is more of a trap than it is a freeing force."
"That is true," Marina agreed, "But there is no reason to let it get you down.  You weren't chosen as a punishment and you aren't expected to go through it alone."
"Yes," Medo said, "But you are here because it is your job.  That's the key difference.   How am I ever going to know if someone is with me because they want to be?  I'm sure I could get you to crawl into bed with me if I wanted to, but…"
"I think I know where your train of thought is going," Marina nodded, "Maybe it would help a bit if I told you where I came from and why I am here?"
Medo looked at her.  Marina looked sincere, but he just didn't know.  He knew that he didn't have anything to lose and that he liked hearing her talk.  He was also curious as to why any sane woman would put herself into a situation as crazy as what this situation sounded like.
"Sure," Medo agreed, "I'd like to hear that."
"I'm from a little town in the middle of nowhere," Marina said, "About halfway between here and the coast in the west."
"I've heard about that area but never been there," Medo said, "You know, I haven't seen much of the country that I'm now in line to rule."
"Don't you worry about that," Marina grinned, "I'm sure Massy will take you out on a tour soon enough, but that's beside the point right now."
"I figured," Medo smiled, "Go on with your story, Marina."
"My mother was the fourth child of a poor religious family," Marina told him, "One of the strange sects that live in those midlands.  The girls have to get married before they go to the service school or they aren't allowed to come back."
"Sounds dreadful," Medo told her.
"It is," Marina nodded, "Well, my mother was very pious but being the fourth child her father couldn't put up much of a dowry.  The fact that she wasn't very pretty didn't help much either."
"Glad you didn't get your looks from her then," Medo said.
"Thank you," Marina chuckled, "Anyway.  She ended up getting hitched to a widower right before her service time. A son of a bitch nearly twice her age with four children already."
"Ouch," Medo said, "That qualified her for exemption from service didn't it?"
"She had to attend the classes part time," Marina nodded, "Served out her final service three days a week in the local tax office."
"Sounds rough," Medo said, "I take it that it wasn't all bad for her.  Something must have gone right to have you result from it."
"Again," Marina smiled, "Thank you, but it was as bad as it sounds.  My father was an abusive son of a bitch.  He beat my mother regularly, even when she was pregnant with me and my brother.  Almost caused us to be stillborn when he pushed my mother down a flight of stairs in the house."
Medoferro shuddered a little bit as he pictured it.  His parents were very nice in comparison.  He had trouble imagining what it must have been like for her to live in those circumstances.  He looked into her eyes and saw the pain welling up back there and kept listening as she told her story.
"My mother learned well from my father," Marina continued, "She smacked around her step children pretty well and did the same to my brother Martin and me when we got older."
"Martin and Marina huh?" Medo said, "Real creative bunch your parents were."
"Putting it mildly," Marina nodded, "Listen, if I'm going to tell you all this the least you can do is let me sit over there with you and be comfortable."
"All right," Medo said, smiling at the thought, "Come on over."
Marina smiled and slid over onto the chair with him.  It was the first time he'd ever been this close with a girl and he didn't know what to do.  She figured on this and just slid into place, leaning against him and pulling his arms around her.
"That's better," Marina smiled, "Thank you."
"Ok…" Medo said, "So go on with your story."
"Yes…" Marina trailed off, closing her eyes for a second as she remembered, "My parents did little but fight with each other the entire time I lived with them.  Martin and I preferred it that way really."
"Why's that?" Medo asked her, gazing at her flowing red hair, "I'd think that would be a nightmare."
"Well," Marina told him, leaning back and looking into his eyes, "When they weren't fighting with each other they were beating on us."
Marina shuddered a little at the memories of the massive beatings her and her brother used to take at the hands of the people who brought her into the world.  Medoferro sensed what she was feeling and hugged her a little bit, causing her to smile again at the touch.
"It got worse as we got older," Marina told him, "When my father couldn't get his pleasures out of my mother he started to turn to me."
"That's illegal!" Medo exclaimed.
"I know that now," Marina sighed, "It was what was expected of me."
"But how… what… why…" Medo stammered, "After going through that…"
"Shh," Marina told him, "Let me tell my story."
Medoferro was still a little unsure, but he nodded and continued to hold on to her.  She enjoyed the touch of someone her own age and leaned back into it, drawing strength from him to tell her own story.  He could only guess at how much this was hurting her to relive it.
"It kept on going that way until we were fifteen," Marina continued, "Martin was growing bigger and more rebellious.  More and more he tried to defy my parents and protect me from them."
"What happened when you were fifteen?" Medo asked her, continuing to hold her.
"Martin and I went to a dance at school," Marina continued, her eyes misting, "We had a good time but it went late.  My father was a stickler for being home on time."
"So he could have time to have his way with you," Medo said bitterly.
"Exactly," Marina admitted, "Well, we came in and my father was in a rage.  My mother had been fighting with him and he'd had plans for me, but when I wasn't there he started taking it out on my mother again.
"He beat the hell out of mom that night and started taking it out on me as well.   Martin tried to calm him down, but that infuriated him even more.   After a few minutes of working me over he started on Martin, beating him back and knocking him to the floor.  He repeatedly kicked my brother and then pulled up my skirt and…"
Marina had to stop for a moment as the memories got too vivid for her.  Medoferro pulled her tightly against him, all shyness forgotten as he worked on instinct to try to protect her from something that could hurt her now only in her own mind.
"He started to rape me, Medo," Marina said, fighting back tears, "Martin saw this and pulled himself up, despite having a few broken ribs and a concussion.  He went over and pulled my father off me, throwing him backwards into a glass cabinet of my mother's."
"Good for him," Medo said.
"That set my father off for the final time," Marina sobbed, letting it out, "He pulled himself out of the cabinet and wiped off the blood from his face.   He then started beating on my brother nonstop.   Martin fought back as well he could, but he wasn't any bigger than you are.  My father towered over him by a good six inches and outweighed him by over a hundred pounds."
Marina cried quietly into Medoferro's arm and he simply held her and let her regain her composure.  He couldn't believe anyone could go through so much and be anywhere near sane.   He didn't know what to do but continue to hold on to her and protect her anyway he could.
"Surprisingly," Marina continued between sobs, "It was my mother who yelled for the guard, going to one of the poll boxes and pulling the emergency lever.  It was too little too late for Martin though.   He was…was…" she gulped and tried to continue, but ended up skipping over the word, "when they got there…"
Marina lost it again and started crying some more.   Medoferro didn't ask her to talk anymore, simply held her against him and let her cry it out.  He knew now that Martin didn't survive the experience, but didn't want to press Marina for any more details.  He figured that if she could finish the story she would, if not he'd simply just be there.
"I'm sorry," Marina said, "I didn't mean to break down like this…   I mean…" She clenched her eyes trying to regain control, "You were down enough you didn't need…"
"Shh," Medoferro said, his discomfort from the day forgotten, "It sounds like you needed to get this out.  It is part of you, Marina, and I'm interested in what made you what you are."
"But you don't know who I am," Marina said as she started choking back tears.
"You are a good person who got a raw deal," Medoferro said soothingly, "Something good must have happened or else you would never have come here."
"The guard arrested my father for killing Martin," Marina told him, "He tried to fight it, but we were brought here to the capital for a Mullinix case, just like all murderers are."
Medoferro nodded and began stroking her hair softly, causing her to lean into him a little.
"Insegniferro heard the case," she continued, her composure coming back as she passed the worst part, "He questioned me about what I had gone through.   When he found out what he had done to me he immediately ordered my mother to release custody of me, having me put into a rehabilitation house to help me heal from what I went through."
"Good," Medoferro said, "What happened to your father?"
"He was sentenced to death for Martin's murder," Marina said with more than a little hint of satisfaction, "My only regret on that is that he chose suicide instead of execution.  I wish I had the chance to pull the trigger myself."
Intentional murder was a capital offense in the Mullinix Empire, especially egregious cases like the one of Marina's father.  If found guilty the condemned get two choices.  They are given the opportunity to take their own life alone in a room where they can make peace with their gods or they can be executed, usually by hanging or beheading.  Family of the victim has the option of being part of the execution squad if they choose not to kill themselves.
"I'm sorry, Marina," Medoferro said, "I can't imagine…"
"I'm glad," Marina said, "I live with the memories.  That's bad enough."
"So how did you end up here?" Medoferro asked her, "Living in the palace I mean…"
"I went through a lot of healing and counseling at the rehabilitation house," Marina said, "But the one thing that never went away was the complete and total fear of most men.  I also couldn't seem to have a normal relationship."
"So what happened to change that?" Medoferro asked, looking at her.
"For a long time nothing did," Marina said, "I was aimless, looking for a home but never finding one.   Finally, I started my stint in the service center."
"Land of the bad food," Medo grunted.
"Yes," Marina said, "And I was an abysmal student, just as I was in school.  But, they did have something for me, something that fit me like a glove."
"The palace," Medoferro guessed.
"Exactly," Marina nodded, "My psychological testing showed I had a certain flexibility in several moral areas that came in useful here as a permanent member of the house staff.   I was pulled from normal classes and started training here for the domestic duties."
"I thought 18 was age of consent," Medoferro said, remembering his civics.
"It is," Marina chuckled, "I was just over that and it wasn't the whole job anyway.  If you fit the characteristics needed and get along well enough with everyone then you get invited to stay permanently.  I found something here that I had never had before.  I found a home.  Iggy has pretty much been like the father I never had, wise and kind and able to make me be able to trust."
Medo smiled.  He could easily see how Insegniferro could do that to someone.  He had that quality about him.
"Massy showed me how to love again," Marina said, "At least in a little way.  He helped me through my fear of physical contact and showed me that my body could be a wonderful source of pleasure instead of a constant source of mental and physical pain."
"I bet that took patience considering what you went through," Medoferro observed, "Though I could imagine it could be fun as well."
"It was," Marina grinned, "I learned a lot that way as well."
"I've never…" Medo said, sighing and feeling his self consciousness again.
"The nice thing about experience, Medo," Marina smiled, her tears all but gone, "Is that it can easily be passed on, if the one without it is willing to learn from the one with it."
"You mean you want to…" Medo said, "Even after telling me…"
"Only if you want me," Marina said, looking at him, "I mean as much baggage as I have I could understand…"
"No, no, no," Medo said, putting a finger over her lips, "That's not what I meant.  I would be honored if you thought me worthy of your trust…"
"I…" Marina started and thought about her words, "Wouldn't have told you if I didn't think I could trust you, Medo.  You see, I think this is what Massy and Iggy have been preparing me for all along.  I have had my share of pain, but I have a lot more loneliness inside.   Something I think you can identify with."
"Yes," Medo agreed, "I think I can…"
"By eliminating that loneliness," Marina told him, "I get better.  Time doesn't make it go away, but it makes the scars hurt less.   As far as your being worthy…"
Marina smiled and put her hand over Medo's heart, feeling it thumping in his chest.  She looked into his eyes and continued.
"Insegniferro and Massimaferro are the two men who I trust most in the world," Marina told him, "If they think you're worthy, who am I to contradict them?  It was Iggy who suggested I come out and talk to you tonight you know?"
"Really?" Medoferro said, surprised, "He asked you to talk about…what you went through?"
"No," Marina said, shaking her head, "I talked about that because I wanted to.  He suggested I come out to talk to you because he thinks we'll be good for each other."
"So where do we go from here?" Medoferro asked her.
"First," Marina smiled brightly, "You kiss me.  Then we'll go upstairs and figure out the rest… Together."
Medoferro took the invitation she had offered him and kissed her.   It was the first real kiss for him and he gave it everything he could.   She had only a little more experience with this form of kissing and was impressed that he did as well as he did.  She was encouraged and definitely wanted more.
"Shall we go and break in your new suite?" Marina asked him, "You do, after all, have a lot to learn…"
"What about the party and everyone else?" Medoferro asked her and then looked back inside, "Oh…"
The party was already slowing down.   Iggy was still sitting there talking with some of the older members, but Sascha and Marianna had retired with Massimaferro already.  Simon and Miranda were dancing very close, aided by more than a generous helping of the ale and wine.
"I guess they won't miss us," Marina chuckled and stood up, "Shall we?"
"Let's…" Medoferro said as he took her hand and let her lead him back to his room.   He knew he was in for a long and exceedingly educational experience that night, or at least he certainly hoped so.

Chapter 23 - The Day After

Simon Sutcliffe woke up on a couch, still fully clothed but covered with a light blanket to ward off the chill of the evening.   Miranda Studebaker was still asleep, leaning next to him on the couch.  Obviously, they were both still in the palace, as the remains of the previous night's party were still lying around the room.  Simon sat up a little, enough to cause Miranda to stir but not wake up.
"Whoa," Simon said, rubbing his sore head, "What the hell…"
"Welcome back to the land of the living, Simon," Paulus said to him, sitting up and looking at the young man, "You certainly looked like you had fun last night."
"Did we do anything embarrassing?" Simon asked him, and looked at Miranda, "And what time is it?"
"It is indecently late in the morning," Paulus chuckled, "Most everyone is still asleep except Iggy."
"He was in here late too," Simon said, "Why is he up?"
"The Mavelans are getting frisky again," Paulus told him, "Massy was as drunk as you were.  Iggy was the only one sober enough to talk to Colonel LaPorte."
"Makes me glad I'm just a student," Simon chuckled, "I'll leave this stuff to the adults."
"Your friend will get his first taste of it soon enough," Paulus told him, "He's heading into the fire."
"Where is Medoferro anyway?" Simon asked, "I don't remember seeing him."
"He and Marina went off together," Paulus said, "They're probably still asleep in his suite."
"Sounds like he got more action than I did," Simon grinned, looking under the blanket, "I'm still dressed."
"You did all right, Simon," Paulus laughed, "Another one or two of these you'll be a professional partier like we are."
"Who are you, anyway?" Simon asked him, "I met you last night and probably asked then, but damned if I can remember."
"Paulus," he said, offering a hand, "I'm Massimaferro's personal representative."
"Cool," Simon said, "You're the one who goes out and looks where the Mullinix would gather too much attention?"
"That's me," Paulus nodded, "Not always a fun job though.  I get to go back to Cirrus city tomorrow."
"Better you than me, man," Simon grinned and then realized that the sun was high, "Do you know what time it is?"
"You've already missed your first class," Paulus told him, "If you hurry you can catch your second one.   Iggy already sent word over that you and Miranda were here so you won't get in trouble."
"That works," Simon nodded and nudged Miranda, "Wake up, Miranda.  We need to catch our second class."
"Second class?" Miranda mumbled, beginning to wake up, "We miss one already?"
"Yep," Simon told her, "I just woke up too.   We need to run to make the next one."
"Ok," Miranda nodded and sat up, "Should we say hello to Medoferro first?"
"He's probably still asleep," Paulus told her, "He'll understand that you had to get back to class."
"Come on," Simon said as he stood up, "A good jog will loosen us up and may make us look a little more alive."
"Or it will kill us completely," Miranda grumbled as she stretched, "At this point, either may be acceptable."
"Do you want something to eat first?" Paulus asked them.
"Food would be worse than exercise right now," Simon said, shaking his head, "You Miranda?"
"No way," she shuddered, "Not that your food isn't good…"
"I understand," Paulus grinned, "Better run to class then."
They stood up and using each other for help managed to walk out of the room and start heading out towards the front.  Paulus poured himself a glass of water and walked around the room, stretching a little bit, waiting for someone else to wake up, something he didn't have to wait long for.  Insegniferro walked up and broke off a leftover piece of bread and flopped down on the couch.
"I swear that man is an idiot," he grumbled to Paulus, "How did we end up with him as a Colonel down there?"
"Only one who would take the job," Paulus said, "Relax, Iggy.  How bad is it?"
"I'm beginning to think he's part of the problem," Iggy told him, "How much time did you and Roland spend with him?"
"Not much," Paulus admitted, "Massy said I'd probably be sent back down there.  Want me to look into it?"
"Yes," Iggy nodded, "Clear it with Massy though."
"Consider it cleared," Massy grunted, "Where's the water pitcher?"
"You look like death warmed over," Iggy chuckled and poured the new Mullinix a glass of water, "The girls wear you out?"
"I'm not as young as I used to be," Massy grunted, "Should limit myself to one at a time now that I have work to do…"
"What fun is that?" Paulus laughed, "I swear…"
"So you think that the Colonel is making it worse too, don't you Ig?" Massy asked him.
"Very probably," Iggy nodded, "I think we need someone we can trust down there."
"I'll head out this afternoon," Paulus nodded, "Roland can take the north job… And the new one should Medoferro choose one in time."
"Any bets on who it will be?" Massy grinned, "Considering Simon and Miranda have been here."
"Tough one," Iggy said, "It could be either one.   Simon because of friendship or Miranda as payback for not being chosen."
"My bet is on Simon," Paulus chuckled, "Miranda is a smart girl, but too timid for this.  She'll be better off doing something else."
"I don't know," Massy said, "It could be either, but I'll go with Simon on those grounds."
"Either way," Iggy said, "Roland is going to get him since we're sending you to Cirrus again."
"That's all right," Paulus chuckled, "I got to spend the night here with the lovely house staff taking care of me.   Roland had to go home to Sueta.   I got the better end of the deal even with having to go to Cirrus instead of the cushy job going to Siraq."
"True," Iggy laughed, "So, Paulus, what do you think of our new Mullinix?"
"I haven't talked to him much yet," Paulus said, "He seems like a nice kid, but you wouldn't have chosen him otherwise.  He and Marina hit it off really well last night and they disappeared together."
"Good," Massy said, "I was worried about the way he was sulking.  I figured they'd be good for each other."
"I sent her out when I saw him sulking," Iggy told them, "She was willing to go cause she had taken a liking to him anyway."
"I don't know," Paulus said, "I just work here, but I think he'll do all right.  I probably need to get ready to go.   Any special instructions for when I get down there other than to look at what LaPorte is doing?"
"Well," Massy said facetiously, "You could always have King Facie overthrown and replaced with a ruler that actually likes us."
"Don't I wish," Paulus said, "I keep hoping that old Facie will croak and I'll be able to stop spending so much time in that ass end of the Empire."
"He's actually a few years younger than we are," Iggy sighed, "He came into power young when his father was assassinated.  That's part of what caused the discord that eventually sent Cirrus into our camp anyway."
"Word on the street down there is that Facie either killed his father or knows who did," Paulus told them, "His people don't like him much."
"Talk to some of the older people there," Massy said, "I want to know a bit more about Facie and possible successors if he tries a full out war on the border."
"I'll see what I can find," Paulus nodded, "I think we have some guards down there who speak Mavelan.   If I can find one willing can I send them in to find some facts?"
"Be careful," Iggy warned, "Facie finds out about anything like that and he might declare a full war before we can do anything."
"No more than basic information about the country, I promise," Paulus nodded, "It will be all right though.   At least my job will be interesting, unlike going to Siraq, which is one of the most boring places on the planet."
"Well you'd better get moving," Massimaferro said, "Your ride will be leaving in an hour."
"Have they been told I'm coming" Paulus asked them.
"I didn't tell them because I didn't know for sure who was going," Iggy said, "I figured Massy would say when he talked to them later this afternoon."
"Don't," Paulus suggested, "Let me check things out on my own before you announce me."
"Do what you will," Massy nodded, "I'll back you."
"See you later," Paulus nodded, getting up, "Good luck with the newbie."
Paulus departed and left the two Mullinix alone.   They looked at each other and wondered what would be coming next.   They decided that they had nothing absolutely pressing so went back to reading for a while.  They had time yet, although Massimaferro was scheduled for his first set of sessions as Mullinix.

Chapter 24 - A Nice Awakening

Medoferro woke up to find Marina's red mop of hair lying on his chest.  It took him a few seconds to remember what had happened the night before, but the warmth of Marina lying against him reminded him fairly quickly.  He smiled and ran his fingers through her smooth hair for a moment as he enjoyed the feeling.
Eventually, he had to move a little, stretching his well-used muscles to get his blood flowing a little again.  Marina shifted a little when he moved, but didn't wake up completely.  Although most of her weight was on him it wasn't that big a burden, as she was significantly smaller than he was.
A few minutes later the door opened and Medoferro nearly panicked, though it was only Sascha, one of the women he met last night from the house staff.  She put her finger to her lips and smiled at Medoferro, walking in to leave a couple cups of tea and some morning pastries on the table.
She scurried out of the room almost as fast as she came in, leaving them alone again.   Medoferro could smell the pastries, but didn't want to dislodge Marina to get them.   It took a few moments for hunger to override the urge to stay put before he slid over to take one of the pastries.
Marina slid over on to her back and opened her eyes while Medoferro ate one of the pastries.  He picked up a second and silently offered it to her, taking a bit out of it himself once she shook her head no. She smiled and watched him eat, still feeling pretty good herself about the way things had gone the night before.
"How are you this morning?" Medo asked her after putting down the second pastry, "Sleep well?"
"Soundly," Marina agreed, "For what little time we slept."
"Me too," Medo nodded, "So what is next?"
"They're probably letting you have some time before putting you in the wringer," Marina said as she pulled herself up and stretched a little, "You'll probably spend the next few months either tagging along with Iggy or Massy."
"No more formal classes?" Medo asked, a little surprised.
"You won't need them," Marina said, shaking her head, "What you go through here will be more than enough.  Expect to spend a lot of hours listening to boring people with boring problems, all of which want something from you."
"Sounds nice and dreadful," Medoferro grunted, "Why did I take this job again?"
"Because the fringe benefits are nice," Marina grinned, "I didn't hear you complaining too much last night."
"True," Medo chuckled, "I guess it is a case of perspective.  As long as I don't have to do it alone I can live with it, I think."
"As long as I'm around you'll never be alone, Medo," Marina promised, "We'll make sure this doesn't fall square on your head."
"Thanks," Medo said, "I appreciate that."
"Can you pass me some tea," Marina asked him, "I need to wake up too."
Medoferro nodded and poured her some tea, passing her the glass when he was done.  He then stood up and looked for his clothes, but instead of finding them he found two robes folded neatly on the table across the room.  He scratched his head and picked out the larger of the two and put it on, surprised to find that it fit fairly well.  He looked at Marina, who was giggling a little bit.
"Sascha or Emilie probably came in while we were sleeping," Marina explained, "Your clothes are most likely already in the closet.  They were working on that last night while you were suffering out there on stage for the procession."
"I've never had anyone clean up for me in my life," Medo said, sighing a little, "If I'd known it would make…"
"Don't worry about that," Marina said, "This is what we do for a living, remember?  You run the country.  We clean up the mess."
"Lovely," Medo said, "Sounds like fun.  What's in it for you?"
"Much like we discussed last night," she said, "A safe living and people who care for me."
A knock on the door interrupted the conversation.  Medo went over and peeked out to see Massimaferro standing outside.  Marina pulled the blanket up a little bit and nodded at Medo that it was ok to let him in.
"You ready for your first full day as a Mullinix?" Massy asked him and nodded at Marina, "Morning Marina."
Marina smiled and waved at him.  Medoferro was still a bit confused by the familiarity that everyone seemed to have in this place.  Everyone seemed to know what was going on, yet nobody seemed to care.  It was like it was expected, something that was pretty well unheard of where he came from.
"I guess," Medo shrugged, "Where do we start?"
"You and Iggy will go over some of the formalities," Massimaferro told him, "There are things that will need to be done to get you ready.  He may even start you on the what-if scenarios."
"What are those?" Medo asked him.
"Basic logic exercises," Massy chuckled, "They can be fun and Iggy is a much better teacher than I am. You will probably be doing a lot of one on one learning with him."
"Where does that leave you?" 
"Someone has to watch the country," Massy sighed, "I will spend most of my time hearing cases and handling the orders for the deployments in the south."
"How long does this go on?" Medo asked, wondering how long he'd be doing this.
"Until we figure you're ready for something else," Massy chuckled, "Tali made me continue the logic exercises for nearly two years because I was so thick headed.  I'm betting you'll probably get through them in a few months because you're a lot quicker with that sort of reasoning than I was."
"Sounds like a whole lot of fun," Medo frowned, "I was hoping for something at least interesting."
"The strategy games will do that for you," Massy grinned, "I'll probably play some of those with you.  What I lacked in logic I made up in strategic thinking.  Within weeks of starting the war games I was routinely beating both Tali and Iggy.  I've been handling most of the military elements for twenty years now because Iggy hates it."
"Whatever works," Medo nodded, "What other formalities?"
"I'll let Iggy go over those," Massimaferro said, "I've got session in ten minutes and I want some coffee before that.  I figured I'd check in on you before I go in.  I have a whole pile of cases to deal with and wire conferences with the Colonel down in Cirrus."
"I think I'll take a day with Iggy over that," Medo nodded, "If that's all right with you."
"You'll spend enough time with me soon enough," Massy chuckled, "Before long you'll be sitting in on cases watching what I do and what Iggy does if he does them.  So eat up and go get some tea or coffee before you see Iggy."
"Will do," Medoferro nodded, "Where do I do go for that?"
"I'll show you," Marina promised, "Right after we get cleaned up."
"Enjoy, Medo," Massy grinned, "See you tonight at dinner, most likely."

Chapter 25 - Formalities

Medoferro, now fully fed and rested, meandered in to the workroom. Marcus Mullinix had created this large room when the palace had been designed.  He figured that as rulers they needed a large room with maps and desks.  Four large desks occupied the room, using the same type of rotating usage that happened with the suites.  Medoferro was directed by one of the women over to the empty desk.
The large workroom was definitely a place for the running of the empire.  The outside wall was a large tri-window section that was made of hardened glass and a one-way coating to keep people from being able to observe what happened in that room, as it was the official center of government.   On the inside wall was a large map of the empire, one that was repainted once a year, usually during holiday celebrations when the government was pretty much idle.  This was covered with notations, showing troops and problem areas.
Medoferro looked around and took in the large room.  There were occasionally members of the house staff running in and out, but it was mostly quiet.  Insegniferro was sitting at his immaculate desk going over some troop deployment papers.  He shifted his glasses down a bit to look at Medoferro and smiled at the young man.
"I see you survived your first night as a Mullinix," Iggy chuckled, "Did you enjoy the party?"
"Party no," Medoferro admitted, "But what came after the party was unbelievable."
"Yes," Iggy laughed, "I heard you and Marina got along pretty well.  Good, we want you to feel comfortable here.   Are you ready to begin some of your training though?"
"I think so," Medoferro nodded, "What do we do first?"
"First thing I show you around here," Iggy said, waving his hand around the room, "Most of what you learn in here you cannot reveal outside this room.  The only people who come in here are among the oldest of the house staff and our personal representatives.  Anyone from outside that needs to talk to us does it in the chamber."
"What if it is private?" Medo asked, "Do we still use the chamber?"
"There are anterooms to the chamber," Iggy explained, "Sometimes if there are few people we'll retire there.   If it is a large thing we'll sometimes close the chamber to the public, though we do that as little as we can."
"So how much time will we spend here?" Medo asked, "I thought most of our work was in the chamber."
"That's just the part you see most," Iggy explained, "Most of our work is actually back here.  We get reports from the guard on things that are going on in the empire.  We may be the brains of the empire, but the guard is what keeps us in business."
"I still don't quite get how this works," Medoferro said, "Isn't the guard simply a group of peacekeepers?"
"That's what it looks like publicly," Iggy said, "In reality they do a lot more."
"I'm listening," Medo said, "They don't teach this in school."
"Ok," Iggy said, going into teacher mode, "Taliaferro I, the immediate successor to Marcus Mullinix, created the guard from the scattered force that was keeping order in the new cities.  He knew that he'd need a reliable information source if he was going to govern properly."
"So the guard was created?" Medo said, "I don't see how it works."
"There are actually two sections of the guard," Iggy told him, "The public side is the larger one.  They handle the peace in the cities and the rural routes as well.  Have you noticed that one thing we don't allow is autonomous police and government forces in an area?"
"Yeah," Medo nodded, leaning in his chair a little, "I remember the guards in our area were usually from faraway places, often the other side of the empire."
"This is to reduce temptation of partiality," Iggy said, standing up and pretending to be a teacher for a while, "People know that a Mullinix Guard is someone who will watch for their safety regardless of who they are.  Guards are rotated often so they don't become too attached to the people in their area.  That way the position becomes more important than the person in it."
This was basic civics, some of which he would have gotten in the classes, but Iggy knew it was important.  Medoferro had to learn why things were done the way they were and why they worked.  Medoferro himself was interested, but there was so much to absorb.
"Anyway," Iggy continued, "There is a second contingent of the guard that doesn't number so high but whose service is just as important as the public guards.  They are the true glue behind the scenes.  They are basically our secret police forces."
This was the first that Medoferro had heard of them.  Their simple existence would come as a surprise to a good portion of the population, Medoferro included.  The Mullinix government tended to be a very open one, keeping very few secrets from their citizens.
"Secret police?" Medo asked him, "Why do we need them?"
"There are a lot of bad people out there," Iggy said, "Many of them would like to see what we've built come crashing down.   Some are inside.  Some are outside.  The job of the secret guard is to keep them at bay.  They are the ones who investigate heavy crimes and they report directly to us, unlike the public guard who report to local leaders."
"I'm still not quite clear on how this operates," Medo told him, "Maybe I need a whole lesson on that part of it."
"It's simple," Iggy said, chiding himself when he remembered that Medo had not been through the civics class when they pulled him, "We'll start at the bottom and move up.  This shouldn't take but two minutes to explain.  Marcus Mullinix designed it to be simple."
"Works for me," Medo laughed, "I'm all for simple at this point."
"Ok," Iggy said, "At the neighborhood level the guards act as arbiters. They make arrests if necessary and settle small disputes.   If something is too big for them, they bring it to their commander."
"I remember that," Medo said, "My father was robbed and had to attend a meeting with the local Guard Commander."
"Exactly," Iggy said, "Most small things like that go no higher than commanders.  But, if it is more serious or complex, the commander will bring it to the city or regional Mullinix Colonel.  We appoint the Mullinix Colonels carefully, making sure they are not near their home districts.  They take only cases that are serious and review the decisions from the local commanders."
"I don't see how they can do that," Medo said, "I mean wouldn't that create a massive workload?"
"It would if most cases weren't adjudicated locally," Iggy admitted, "Most reports don't make it past the local guard.  The local guards handle silly things that can blow up.  Things like a loud party or a disagreement between two neighbors.  The only reason your father's case went to a Commander was that there was actual injury and theft."
"So how does everyone keep track?" Medo said, "Isn't the law too complex."
"That's the point of the service school," Iggy said, "You learn the basic law.  Marcus Mullinix knew of the massive bureaucracy that resulted from having too many laws.  He wanted to make sure that every citizen understood the entire criminal code."
"I think I remember this one from a book," Medo said, "There is no one true way, but there are some things that are wrong in all ways."
"Exactly," Iggy smiled, "The things that are wrong are Injury, theft and death.  Every case must be heard to its own merits, not influenced by cases to come or cases in the past."
"I don't quite get it though," Medo said, "Why does it keep cases down?"
"If nobody is hurt and they aren't being a public nuisance then it isn't a problem," Iggy explained, "We have better things to do than police people's lives or protect them from themselves.  If they want to masturbate with a cheese grater, they are welcome to do so, though they had better not come crying to us after they do it."
"Painful analogy," Medo shuddered, "But I get it."
"The Mullinix Government is here to protect them from outside problems and to provide a basic structure.  We're not here to protect you from yourself.  Personal responsibility is the key.  If you don't take care of yourself we won't do it for you."
"Sounds rough," Medo said, "But it's worked for a long time."
"The old democracies used to try to protect everyone from everything," Iggy said, "What they ended up with were a bunch of pampered inept idiots who couldn't take care of themselves.  They ended up with bureaucracies that employed more people than live in the Mullinix Empire and started wars that nearly destroyed the human race"
"I see we went the other way," Medo nodded, "Anti-bureaucracy and personal responsibility.  Do we even keep records?"
"The records are always kept," Iggy told him, "So that if there are questions on how things are handled we can check on it.  That's what the central archives are for.  2000 years worth of reports from all sections of the empire.  Great for researchers who want to know what it was like years before."
"So where do we come in?" Medoferro asked him, "Sounds like most of it can be handled without us."
"We take a random selection of cases," Iggy said, "Mainly to keep us in touch with what problems are going on out there.  We also take any capital case.  Those are the worst and nobody wants to handle them locally.  Serious crimes that the locals are too fired up about tend to get sent to us as well, especially if there is no clear cut guilt."
"That's the part I'm nervous about," Medo sighed, "How the heck are we supposed to figure that out?"
"That's why we get the palace and the amenities we do," Iggy chuckled, "A few years of doing this and you won't feel guilty at all for the pleasures we take in life.  We literally hold life and death in our hands."
"What makes us the best judge of that, though?" Medo asked, entering the usual doubt arena, "I mean I have no way of telling who is lying and who isn't."
"It is an acquired trait," Iggy said, "I've been dealing with this for over thirty years and Massy isn't far behind me on that.  You've been dealing with it less than a day.  You won't be required to make a judgment alone for a long time yet."
"Don't you make mistakes?" Medo asked him.
"Of course we do," Iggy laughed, "But it is rare.  Some cases you will agonize over, but those are the ones that you can ask the others on.   In my first years, I'd often lean on Tali for advice.  That man could spot a liar a mile away."
"Great," Medo sighed, "I don't know how I'll measure up."
"You will be fine, Medo," Iggy told him, "All it takes is time."
"So what is next?" Medo asked him, "Now that I know the basic government structure."
Iggy grinned and picked up a humongous pile of papers from his desk.   He walked over and dropped them with a loud thud on Medoferro's freshly cleaned desk, nearly causing young Medo to fall over backwards in his chair.
"Now I show you how the paperwork is handled," Iggy grinned as he saw the crestfallen expression on Medo's face, "This will take a large portion of our time…"

Chapter 26 - Relaxation Time

Insegniferro hadn't been kidding when he told Medoferro that.  They worked endlessly on paperwork and on learning how things worked in the empire.  Aside from a little time with Marina at night, Medoferro worked almost constantly with the older Mullinix.  During the week Simon had been busy with classes, but when the off day came he went straight over to the palace to go and see how Medo was holding up.
"You look like hell, Medo," Simon said as he walked in to Medo's suite, "They letting you sleep at all?"
"I'm sleeping well," Medo said, "Just not getting much exercise and learning enough to make my brain burst."
"You at least getting to see Marina a bit?" Simon asked him, taking some of the food that had been laid out, "You look like you could use the relaxation."
"Some," Medo said, "But they are working me hard enough that I'm always tired.  It's like they want to get me up to speed for something quick."
"I need to come up here more often," Simon grunted, looking at his friend, "Man, they're wearing you out.  When is the last time you left the palace?"
"It's been over a week," Medo admitted, "Not since the ceremony I think."
"Ok," Simon said, standing up, "I'm getting you out of here for a while."
"But…" Medo said, "I've got a meeting."
"Screw that meeting," Simon said, "Get up.  We're picking up Miranda and Stacy and going out.  It's the off day, man.   Just because you have the empire on your shoulders doesn't mean you don't deserve any fun."
Medo wasn't about to argue with him cause he was sick of it as well.  There was a lot to learn and he was learning it quickly.  He wondered what the urgency was, because both Massimaferro and Insegniferro were relatively young and both were pretty healthy.  He did want to let them know he was leaving for a bit.
Simon and Medoferro walked out the door and started heading down the hallway when they ran into Marina.  Marina smiled at them and stopped them for a moment.  Simon looked impatient, knowing that he was on shaky ground as it was.   
"Iggy is looking for you," Marina told Medo, "Where are you heading?"
"They've been working him to the bone, Marina," Simon said, "I'm kidnapping him for a bit.   Want to come along?"
"Sure," Marina chuckled, "Where are you going?"
"I don't know," Medo said, "I'm following Simon."
"If he's doing the leading it is bound to be interesting," Marina said, "Let me go in and give Iggy an excuse for you.  If you go in there he'll have to give you something to do, but if I go in he'll probably accept it."
"I like that plan," Medo agreed, "Time off could be a good thing."
Medo and Simon waited in the kitchen with the cook, who passed on some very tasty corn cakes to them.  Medo ate one or two, as his body was accustomed to decent food again.  Simon started woofing them down as he'd been living on the slop fed to the service center students.  Marina went into the common area to talk to Iggy and Massy, who were sharing morning coffee.
"Were you planning on working Medo on the off day?" Marina asked them.
"We've been so far behind…" Iggy said, then stopped when he saw the look on her face.
"Why do I get the feeling we're about to get a lecture?" Massy said, chuckling.
"Because we deserve one?" Iggy said, realizing what they'd been doing.
"You're right," Marina told them, "You picked that boy out of the service center last week and have been force feeding information to him like there was no tomorrow.  I've been sharing his bed to help make him more comfortable and he's often times not coming in until really late.  Then he wakes up and you start again."
"But we need to get him ready…" Iggy protested weakly.
"Yes you do," Marina agreed, "But you keep doing it like that and you'll burn him out.  You have time to get him ready.  Simon hasn't seen him in a week, so he came over.  Medo is beginning to look like death warmed over, enough so Simon is threatening to kidnap him for a while to give him a break."
"I didn't realize…" Iggy said.
"She's got you there, Iggy," Massy chuckled.
"You're no better," Marina told him, "All three of you have been wearing yourself out because of that mess down in Cirrus.  You need a break as bad as Medo does."
"Any suggestions, Marina?" Iggy asked her, "I'm betting you do…"
"Today is the off day," Marina said, "Use it.  Simon is taking Medo and I will go along to make sure that everything is ok.   I'm sure you two could use the relaxation as well."
"There was this book I wanted to read," Iggy said thoughtfully, "Cirrus is still a problem, but nothing LaPorte and Paulus can't handle."
"I've cleared most of the backlog of cases," Massy said, "I think I'll go down to the lake for a bit.  I want to see some sunshine and water."
Marina smiled and left them to their plans.  Simon was still stuffing his face when she walked back into the kitchen.  Medo and Simon looked over at her and waited.
"I gave them a little talking to," Marina said, "I swear, if it weren't for us you guys would work yourselves into nothing."
"So where are we going?" Medo asked them, "I guess I'm in your hands for now."
"Have you got swimsuits?" Simon asked them.
"I have one somewhere," Marina said, "We probably have something for Medo somewhere."
"Go find 'em and meet me down in the lobby," Simon said, "I know where to go."
It took a good thirty minutes for Marina and Medoferro to find their stuff and get back downstairs, by which point Simon had made it back with both Stacy and Miranda in tow.  Medo smiled when he saw them, glad to see people who didn't live in the same cloistered unreality that he was living in.
Miranda flashed him a smile, still relieved that he was the one chosen and not her.  Both she and Stacy warmly greeted Medo, noticing how tired he looked.  Miranda went over and gave him a big hug, something that surprised him.
"You looked like you needed it," Miranda explained, "So how are you holding up, Medo?"
"Not bad," Medo said, "Just a lot to learn in a short time."
"Enough work talk," Simon said, "Follow me.  We've got a bit of walking to do."
Since electronics didn't work engines tended to be more expensive and complex in the empire.  This factor encouraged most people to either walk or ride bicycles to where they were going.  Simon led them for a nearly two-mile walk to a section of the lake that seemed to be deserted, despite the beautiful day.
"Most people go to the easier to get to section nearer the city," Simon explained, "My older brother showed me this place a few years ago.   It takes a bit longer to get here, but it tends to be quieter."
"There are no lifeguards either," Marina said, "Nice and cozy."
"I like it," Stacy agreed, "No gawkers."
"So who goes first?" Miranda wondered.
"Whoever can run fastest," Simon said, "Race you, Medo!"
Simon and Medo shed their shoes quickly and ran over the sandy lakeshore towards the jumping point.    It was a neck and neck race, with Simon's agility countering Medo's longer legs.  The girls giggled and watched as the boys flew into the water together.
"Shall we join them?" Miranda asked, "Or should we wait until it looks safe."
"I haven't been swimming like this in years," Stacy chuckled, "How about you, Marina?"
"I never had much of a childhood, remember?" Marina asked her, "You should know…"
"We shouldn't talk about that," Stacy said, much to Miranda's surprise.
"You two know each other?" Miranda said, surprised, "How…"
"Best not to worry about it now," Stacy said, looking harshly at Marina.
Miranda looked at them a little cockeyed, but shrugged it off and decided to go over and join Simon and Medo in the water.  Stacy chuckled and looked at Marina, shaking her head.  Marina simply shrugged and hugged Stacy tightly once Miranda's attention was more on Medo and Simon.
"Sorry about that," Marina said, "I keep forgetting that you're supposed to be incognito."
"If she hasn't guessed by now…" Stacy sighed, "She's a good kid too.  I hate having to lie to them about this sort of thing."
"This will probably be your last one of these anyway, isn't it?" Marina asked her, "You've done it several times now."
"I'm getting too old for it," Stacy agreed, "I hit twenty-four next month.   I like this duty though, beats having to go to the border sections."
"I heard that Cirrus was getting bad," Marina said as they walked towards the beach, "Massy and Iggy are continually having conniption fits over it…"
Stacy and Marina caught up a bit while they walked over to the beach.  They had grown up together in the remote regions, Stacy being one of Marina's older cousins.  She had gotten out early as well, being pulled in for the private guard units right after her first service center session.  Stacy had also been instrumental in getting Marina into the palace house staff after all the problems she'd had with her parents.
"They seem to know each other fairly well," Simon noted about Marina and Stacy, "I wonder if they're from the same area."
"Marina started to say something while I was there, but Stacy hushed her," Miranda said, "Something strange going on there."
"Nothing really strange," Medo said as he did a little bit of a backstroke, "Stacy isn't exactly what she seems."
"What does that mean?" Simon and Miranda asked him.
Medo stood up in the water, enjoying the cool feeling of it around him.  He looked over and shrugged, smiling and making them wait for it.   He wasn't enamored with the way this had been handled and figured that Miranda had a right to know, especially since she already knew she'd narrowly missed being chosen.
"Stacy is a Mullinix Guard," Medo explained, "She was assigned to watch you, just like Suvorov was assigned to watch me."
"Say what?" Miranda exclaimed, "She was sent in to spy on me?"
"Not so much spy as observe," Medo explained, "She's not doing it to get anything bad on you, just to watch and see if the tests were accurate.   They evidently do that with most of the Mullinix candidates."
"I really did come close, didn't I?" Miranda asked him.
"It was a tossup until I opened my big mouth," Medo said, "So be glad I don't know when to keep my mouth shut."
"I am, don't worry," Miranda chuckled and splashed him, "I'm still a little surprised at Stacy though."
"At least she's nicer than Suvorov was," Simon chuckled, "Thank you for getting rid of him by the way."
"Where is he?" Miranda asked.
"I bet we reassigned him to Cirrus," Medo shrugged, "I don't know for sure."
At this point Marina and Stacy had caught up enough so they decided to get into the swimsuits and hop into the water with the others.   Marina dived in, going underwater a bit and catching Medo by the legs.   Stacy did the same thing to Miranda, as she didn't particularly want to touch Simon.
"Hello there," Medo laughed, "Have a nice talk?"
"Yeah," Marina chuckled, "What's going on out here?"
"A veritable supply of nothing," Simon laughed, "Isn't that what the off day is supposed to be about?"
"Amen to that," Miranda said, dunking Stacy really quick.
"What was that for?" Stacy asked her as she sputtered water, "I didn't even get a good hold of you…"
"For being a sneak," Miranda chuckled, "Medo spilled your little secret."
"Thanks a lot," Stacy chuckled, "I guess that pretty much negates my job for the rest of the semester."
"Why?" Medo asked her, "I'm not going to say anything.   She already knew she'd come within a hair of being chosen.  This shouldn't surprise her."
"I won't say anything if you won't," Simon laughed, "Though I might make you be nice to me."
"Too high a price," Marina chuckled at Stacy, "Don't believe him for a minute."
"I forgive you," Miranda said, "Especially since your reports probably helped tip it so that Medo got it instead of me."
"Maybe that means I should dunk you then," Medo grunted.
"All in good time, Medoferro," Stacy grinned, "I think Marina wants to get in the first shot."
"I may just take you up on that," Marina laughed, "Just like you used to do to me when we were kids."
"I guess there is no point in hiding it anymore," Stacy chuckled, "Marina is my cousin, in case you hadn't guessed."
"And Stacy is my hero," Marina chided, "Growing up to be a guard like she did."
"Hmmm," Stacy said, thinking about it, "You know…  I did so enjoy dunking you back then…"
Stacy launched herself up and at Marina, dunking her in the water.  Simon joined into the fun, horsing around with both women.  Miranda and Medo, tired from the first round, decided to go back up on the beach.  
Medoferro was looking more relaxed than he had at any time since assuming the role of Mullinix-Apprentice.   Getting out with people who weren't asking him to remember anything was a part of that.  Just being in the sunshine was another part.  He flopped down on the beach, letting the warmth of the sand relax him.
Miranda sat down on the sand near him and watched the young man with whom she had been drinking just a week or so before.  There was little physical change now that he'd actually been chosen, though his attitude was a bit calmer.
"So how is it really?" Miranda asked him.
"Being a Mullinix?" Medo asked her.
"Yeah," she nodded, "You've been there a week now.  Is it as bad as we thought?"
"There are good and bad parts," Medoferro said, thinking about it a little, "The people are great.  Iggy, Massy and the house staff are great people to work with.  The food is good and the living quarters are nice."
"What's the down side?" Miranda asked him, "There obviously is one."
"Too much responsibility," Medo told her, shaking his head a little, "Everything I learn about this job makes me want to run like hell and become a normal man again."
"Don't do that," Miranda told him, "Then they'd grab me for it!"
"No worries," Medo chuckled, "I'm not going anywhere.  I see why they chose me now.  I just hope I can do it."
"I bet you can," Miranda told him, "It looks like they care enough not to burn you out."
"I hope so," Medo sighed, "There's so much to learn though.  I don't know if I'll ever get it all straight."
"I feel that way about things sometimes too," Miranda nodded, "I have some serious footsteps to follow too."
"What are you going to be doing?" Medo asked her, "We both know what I'm in for.  What do you have planned?"
"My sister is the village medico," Miranda shrugged, "She said that if I could make it through the school she could use an assistant."
"Doesn't sound like a bad gig," Medo nodded, "I bet you'll be good at it."
"What about you?" Miranda asked him, "Did you have any plans that were interrupted when they chose you?"
"Not really," Medo sighed, "I was pretty well aimless before this.  My father is a clerk who is minding time until he retires.  I don't think him and mum minded much when I went to service center."
"Do they know yet?" Miranda wondered, "I'm not sure how that usually goes."
"They were told," Medo said, "There is some history there that makes them not necessarily happy about this.  I don't really expect to hear from them now.  It's a long story."
"That's sad," Miranda said, "Well if you need a friend…"
"I've got you and Simon," Medo nodded, "And the nice thing about being Mullinix.  I'll have a family in the house staff."
"At least you've learned that much," Miranda grinned, "Why are we talking about this?  It's a beautiful day out here."
"You're the one who brought it up," Medo chuckled, "So what are they going over in class for you?"
They spent a good long time talking about what she was learning in her service center classes.  He was in a position to know why some of it was being taught, so he told her a little bit about the history he'd learned from Insegniferro.  The conversation kept going until Marina, Stacy and Simon crawled up onto the beach, worn out from the horseplay.
"I haven't played like that since that summer at Cadillac Lake," Stacy said as she flopped down onto the sand, "How about you, Marina?"
"I've had some play time," Marina said, grinning at Medo, "But none in the water, that's for sure."
"So what have you two been talking about?" Simon asked, flopping down on the sand, "You bowed out early."
"I needed to relax," Medoferro explained, "Breathing in the lake water isn't relaxing."
"I can understand that," Marina nodded, "The warm sand is fun too."
While the lighthearted conversation went on there was a pair of people watching from the nearby woods.  The taller one used a set of binoculars to watch the group on the beach.  The smaller one bared his weapon, a shining thin sword that still had some flecks of blood on it from previous use.  He looked with a smile in his eyes at the taller man.
"Is it him?" the small man grunted, "The new Mullinix?"
"Yes, Fredo" the tall man nodded, "No guards in sight either."
"Good," Fredo said, "How do you want to play it, Rosh?"
"I only have two bolts left," Rosh said, "There is too much clear land between here and there for me to get close enough with it.  We'll have to take out the whole group."
"They're unarmed," Fredo shrugged, "It should be quick."
"Run and slash?" Rosh asked.
"I'll get the young Mullinix and then disappear into the forest," Fredo agreed, "Keep the others off me."
"Right," Rosh nodded.
They rushed out of the trees, going full force.   Stacy, being the trained Mullinix guard, noticed them first and let out a yell.  Medo and Marina looked up and saw the rampaging men with swords out.  Simon was up in a flash and ducked below Rosh's sword, throwing himself at his legs.  Fredo just barely missed Miranda, who was still closest to Medoferro, by a hair and she jumped backwards.
Medoferro stood up and dodged Fredo's sword, sensing rightly that he was the main target.  Once he had his footing he pushed Miranda down to the ground, getting her out of the sword's swing path.  Stacy, knowing as well that Medo would be the target let off a harsh sidekick to the sword arm of the small man, knocking his aim off guard.  She then let off a full blow to Fredo's arm, cracking it harder than he expected, actually breaking a bone.
Rosh tripped over Simon, falling flat on the sand but holding on to his sword.  He tried to get a swing at Simon, but only caught a knick of his left arm.  Before they could really do too much more, three large men came out of the woods and ran towards the group.   Medoferro thought his life was over, until they rushed in and used their own weapons on the two attackers, ending their lives quickly.  It wasn't until he recognized one of them as Rav Suvorov that he realized they were good guys.
"Am I glad to see you," Stacy said to Rav, "Who were they?"
"I don't know," Suvorov said, "Are you guys all right?"
"Fine," Medo said, though he was still shaking a little, "Where did you come from though?"
"You think we will let our new Mullinix out without some form of protection?" Rav chuckled as he went over and offered Simon a hand up, "Our orders were to watch from a distance, let you have your fun and only come up if needed.  I'm guessing one of our men went down, because Jake wouldn't have let them through otherwise."
"You're on protective detail now, Rav?" Stacy asked, "Since when?"
"They don't want me back on patrol yet," Suvorov grumbled, "So I get to watch your hides."
"I found Jake!" another man yelled from the bush, "They ambushed him and slit his throat to keep him from yelling for us."
"Damn," Medo said, shaking a little, "They did this to get to me?"
"It has been a while since there's been an attempt," Suvorov said, "But there was a minor one at Massy about two years ago.  It never made the papers because we clamped down on it."
Simon and Miranda bent over and looked at the bodies.   Both were scared, but they were curious as well.  They'd never seen anyone killed in front of them before.  It was a frightening experience, especially since they knew it was aimed at their friend.
"These guys are from the Mavelans," Miranda said, looking closely at the skin coloring, "You don't get skin coloring like that up here.  It's resulting from the heavier magnetic interferences in the southern end of that area."
"How did you get that?" Simon asked her.
"My sister is our village Medico," Miranda told him, "We got a vagabond from the South Mavelans once.  She told me some reasons for it, but they escape me now."
"Makes me wonder how they made it up here," Marina said, "This is insane."
"I vote we head back to the palace now," Stacy said, "I think our fun here has ended for the day."
"I agree," Medo said, "Who takes care of this?"
"We will," Suvorov said, "I will, actually.  Frank and Jeremy will accompany you back to the palace."
"Do you have a backup weapon, Rav?" Stacy asked him, "I can act a third."
"Umm…" Rav said, knowing she was supposed to be undercover.
"Give her one, Rav," Medo said, exercising a little authority he didn't feel, "We know about her."
"Ok," Rav said, pulling a large knife out, "Just turn it back into the armory at the palace, Stacy.  They'll get it back to me."
"You got it," Stacy nodded, securing the knife in her waistband, "Let's go."

Chapter 27 - Recriminations

News had obviously traveled faster than Medoferro and company did, for Insegniferro and Massimaferro were waiting in the lobby for them when they made it back to the palace.  They both looked very worried, much like parents would to a child, for that was the way they were both considering Medoferro at that point.  
"You all right?" Massy asked him, "How close was it?"
"Not very," Medo said, his shakiness having turned mostly to disgust, "Stacy had pretty much stopped one when Rav's people came out to finish them."
"Where is Captain Suvorov now?" Insegniferro asked him.
"Taking care of the scene," Medo said, "It doesn't look like this was a particularly serious attempt at me."
"Any attempt at you is serious," Massy rebuked him, "Do we have any idea who sent them?"
"Facie is my guess," Iggy said, his face stern, "It wouldn't be the first time for him."
"One of them was from the southern part of The Mavelans," Miranda told them, "The skin coloring they had is only seen down there."
Massimaferro turned to a young man standing nearby, "Send a message to Colonel LaPorte in Cirrus to cut off the border.  No trade in or out of that hell hole until further notice."
The young man nodded ascent and scurried off to the communications room to get the message off.  Medoferro sat down on the bench nearby, the strain showing on him.  The relaxation that had occurred earlier was mostly wiped out by the attack.  Marina sat down next to him, trying to console him a little.
"You're bleeding, Simon," Iggy noticed as he looked over the group, "Did they hit you bad?"
"Just a knick," Simon said, "Is there anywhere around here I can get a bandage?"
"Upstairs," Iggy told him, "Medico Rasten is closing up shop, but she should have some bandages around."
"I'll go along with you," Miranda volunteered, "I can bandage it if she's too busy."
Simon nodded thanks and they headed off upstairs.  Stacy went as well as to get something to take care of the scrapes she got tangling with the swordsman.  Iggy and Massy checked out Medoferro a little closer, hoping that he was all right.
"Are you going to be ok, Medo?" Massy asked him, "You still look a bit shaken."
"I wasn't expecting anything like this," Medo said, "I could have gotten my friends killed…"
"Don't think about that part," Iggy suggested, "We should have prepared you a bit more for this eventuality.  We're targets because we hold the power.  That alone is part of why we have the secret side of the guard."
"I just felt so helpless," Medo sighed, "Isn't there anything I can do to prevent this sort of thing?"
"You can't prevent everything," Massy said, "But I think we've been concentrating too hard on the ruling side of this.   You need to learn to take care of yourself in case anything like this ever happens again."
"I agree," Iggy nodded, "You'll never have to go on a battlefield, but you should know basic self defense."
"I'll do what I have to," Medo said, "I don't want to feel that powerless again.  Stacy did better than I did… Hells, Simon did more than I did."
"Don't blame yourself for something you were never trained for," Iggy told him, "You're new to this.   Nobody was hurt this time other than the bad guys.  Learn from it.  Don't beat yourself up over it."
"You forgot the guard who died," Medo said glumly.
"Not your fault," Iggy said, "Blame the bad guys, not yourself."
"You look beat, Medo," Massy said, "Go on up to your suite and get some rest.  You'll be safe up there and you could use the sleep.  We'll figure out the training and get you started on it later."
Medoferro was in no mood to argue, he slid off to go up to his room, looking pretty dejected.  He'd learned a hard lesson about the position he was in and he wasn't taking it well.  Medoferro's departure left the two remaining Mullinix and Marina standing in the room.
"I was hoping he'd get a little grace time before that part of the job sank in," Iggy frowned, "You seem to know him best, Marina.  How do you think he'll handle it?"
"He will need some reassurance," Marina said, "I'll go up in a few minutes and see if I can help in that department."
"Do what you need to do to bring a bit of his confidence back," Massy said a mischievous smile on his lips, "Might want to bring Sascha with you.  She's good at playing the innocent confidence builder."
"Right," Marina smiled, "Don't worry, we'll take good care of him."
They watched Marina scurry off and walked over into their office to sit down in more comfortable chairs.  Both men looked worried, not liking what had just happened a bit.  Insegniferro poured drinks for the both of them, handing the tumbler over with the foul alcoholic liquid they both liked.
"This is serious," Massy said, taking a drink, "This one had to be Facie's doing."
"Yeah," Iggy nodded, holding on to his glass, "This was the last thing Medoferro needed right now.  He's still trying to get used to this place."
"How is he doing in learning?" Massy asked him, "You've been handling all that."
"Better than you did," Iggy admitted, "He has a quick mind and has been sucking it up like a sponge."
"I was a dunce and I admit it," Massy chuckled, "My talents lay elsewhere."
"I haven't started him on the strategy games yet," Iggy said, "Though with Cirrus going the way it is, it looks like I will have to soon."
"Get him to choose his personal rep first," Massy suggested, "That way we have a few weeks of pitting them together before Roland heads to Siraq for that visit."
"I'll bring that up with him tomorrow," Iggy sighed, "I still feel a bit helpless with this situation."
"I think we need to give him a crash course in the personal survival arena," Massy said seriously, "I think I know just the person to do it too."
"Who?" Iggy asked him.
"The same one Tali sent me to when I went through a similar thing twenty years ago," Massy said, "He's a tough teacher, but I learned and I learned damn quick."
"Wonder if Tali's death will make him any more pleasant?" Iggy said incredulously, "Gods, I thought he was dead."
"Thought or merely hoped?" Massy chuckled, remembering that his old teacher had not gotten along well with Iggy.
"Probably a little of both," Iggy shrugged, "Either way he's got to be up there."
"He was in his Forties when he taught me," Massy said, "He's seventy-three now and feisty as ever.  He probably won't be able to spar directly with Medo, but he's still better than any ten of the guard trainers."
"Provided he doesn't scare Medo to death he'll do a good job," Iggy admitted, "I want him to choose his rep first, though."
"That's ok," Massy shrugged, "It'll take me a couple days to get a hold of him.   Word is that he is still sought after, though he doesn't take many students now."
"Ok," Iggy said, "I shall go back to my room and read for a bit.  Nothing else I can do now."
"I will go talk to the guards," Massy said, "I'll find the old man tomorrow after session.   Hopefully he'll take Medo."
Iggy nodded and walked off, leaving Massy alone in his office to finish his drink.  It would be an interesting day he thought as he finished his drink.  He then left the room to go and find the guards.

Chapter 28 - Crisis of Conscience

Medoferro woke up early in the morning, feeling the two warm bodies on either side of him.  It took him a moment to remember what had happened the night before as the events of the previous day were still weighing heavily on his mind.  He sat up and looked at the women sleeping next to him.  Sascha slept evenly, but moved over easily and curled up into a ball when he got up.  Marina slept her usual fitful sleep, but didn't seem to notice when Medo slipped out of the bed.
He slipped on a robe that had been left by another member of the staff, still wondering how they managed to do that without him noticing their entrance or exit.  It was as if they came in by some form of magic, something he knew couldn't be.  He shook his head and went out to the balcony, sitting on the comfortable chair that was out there.  It was turning into one of his favored places, as he could easily see most of Mullinix Centre from there.
It was still dark in the city, the early morning lights coming on and flickering as people moved around.   The street lamps were also illuminating the streets, showing the people start moving around.  Medoferro still felt utterly incapable of having to rule them, especially after how he'd performed the day before.  He was still moping out there when Marina woke up and noticed he was gone.
She sighed and realized what he was probably doing, so she put on a robe herself and walked out on to the balcony, finding him exactly where she thought he would be.  She walked out quietly and sat down lightly in a chair right next to Medoferro, watching the younger man as he looked out over the city.
"You're beating yourself up over it again, aren't you?" Marina asked him finally after watching his face, "Why are you doing this to yourself?"
"I just feel helpless," Medo said, "People can try to do things to me and my friends and there's nothing I can do to prevent it."
"Well," Marina said, thinking about it, "Since you're obviously replaying it again and again in your mind, let's go over it rationally."
"Ok," Medo said, waiting for the recriminations he thought he deserved.
"So what happened yesterday?" Marina asked him, "Think it through step by step?"
"Well," Medo said, thinking about it, "The five of us were on the beach.  You, me, Simon, Miranda and Stacy."
"Right," Marina said, "We were sitting there relaxing on the beach."
"Suddenly they came out," Medo continued, his eyes glazing a little as the memories flooded back in, "Two of them with swords and murder in their eyes."
"A little over dramatic," Marina chuckled, "But accurate so far."
"So when they charged us, I stood up," Medo said.
"Like we all did," Marina added, letting him continue.
"And all I could think about was getting out of the way," Medo said, "I knew for some reason that they were after me."
"You're a Mullinix," Marina nodded, "Logical assumption."
"Then, I did something and tried to get out of the way while you and Stacy went at them," Medo said, "Even Simon stood up and tried to do something."
"They were after you, Medo," Marina said, "But you don't remember what you did do, did you?"
"No," Medo admitted.
"You pushed Miranda out of the blade path and got out of our way," Marina said, "You've never been trained for anything like this.  Stacy is a guard and reacted as she was trained.  I was given rudimentary protection training when I came here because as house staff part of our job is to defend you."
"But Simon…" Medo started and trailed off.
"Simon did the only thing he could think of," Marina told him, "He slowed them down and caught a nasty gash because of it.  You pushed Miranda out of the way, which is more than we expected out of you in this situation."
"I guess I just don't like feeling this helpless," Medo sighed, "I didn't know what to do."
"So what would you do differently?" Marina asked him, "Now that you've had time to think about it."
"I guess I would…" Medo stopped, realizing that he hadn't actually thought about that part.
"Exactly," Marina told him, a smile forming on her face, "You did the best you could do under the circumstances.  I don't think this will happen as bad again, because I'm betting you'll be starting self defense training before the end of the week."
"It still feels as though I could have done more," Medo sighed.
"You had three seconds to think about it," Marina reminded him, "We've been talking about it here for at least five minutes, quite a bit longer.  You did what you had to do then and you'll do it again."
"I guess you're right," Medo nodded, "It just gets to you."
"Come on inside," Marina invited, smiling wickedly as she stood up and offered a hand, "No need for poor Sascha to wake up alone."
"Even after this conversation, huh?" Medo chuckled.
"Especially after," Marina grinned, "What better way to gain back confidence?  Especially if you think you can handle it…"
"I think we can work something out…" Medo grinned as he followed her back into the room.

Chapter 28 - An Old Teacher

"Rocky," Massimaferro said to the guard that was following him, "Your people can stand guard around the house, but do not come in no matter what you hear.  Got me?"
"Are you sure, sir?" the guard asked him, "After the attempt on Medoferro yesterday?"
"I've known this man for twenty-five years," Massimaferro told him, "He isn't a danger to me, but he might be to your men if they come into the building without him knowing it.   Trust me on this."
It was clear that the guard didn't like it, but he followed his commander's instructions.  He walked in to the old stone house, the acoustics of which were still enough to make Massimaferro cringe a little.  He looked around for the man he sought, but there was no sign of him.
Massimaferro looked around, his senses alert for an attack.  He knew that his old teacher would likely take the opportunity to test the lessons.  He tensed up and took note of his surroundings, letting his ears work overtime in the heavy acoustics of the stone building.
He slowly continued walking around, letting his mind regress to the training of many years before.  His eyes flittered around the room, looking for possible weapons and strategic advantages.  Finally, the attack he was expecting took place.  An old man let off a perfect roundhouse kick at Massimaferro's head, which he dodged by doing a forward roll onto the carpet.
Massimaferro was up and on his feet again within seconds, getting into a defensive stance to face off with his old teacher.  This was what Massimaferro had been expecting, as the old teacher would do similar things even when he was a young apprentice being trained in self-defense.  It had been many years since he'd actively trained with the man, but Massimaferro had not forgotten his lessons.
The old man let off a flurry of blows at Massimaferro that would have made a man forty years his junior envious.  Massimaferro, his reflexes only slightly slowed by age and inactivity, met each one of them and knocked them aside.  The old man then slid an unexpected blow beneath the blocks and sent the Mullinix backwards.
Massimaferro recovered quickly, counterattacking with a kick to the leg as he went down.  He rolled backwards, flipping back up onto his feet and getting a foot in the center of his chest, knocking the wind out of him.   He fought that and tried to get a few hits in, managing to get one to the old man's side before getting backed up against a wall.
"I yield," Massimaferro croaked as the old man's hand approached his throat.
"You're getting soft, Massimaferro," the old man said sharply and then smiled, "But not too bad for someone who is out of practice.   When is the last time you worked out?"
"Not for a while," Massimaferro admitted, "At least not like that.  It's nice to see you're still the same old sneaky bastard who taught me as a kid."
"You were young and impetuous," the old man laughed, "And I can still kick your rear."
"I never doubted it for a second," Massimaferro said, "So how has life been treating you, you old thief?"
"Age approaches," he admitted and turned towards the sitting room, "But I refuse to yield to it."
"You've never yielded to anything in your life," Massimaferro chuckled, "Why am I not surprised by this?"
"So you are the chief now that the old man has passed," The old man said, "I hope you're a better ruler than you were a student."
"I kinda have to be," Massimaferro told him, "But I think I retained some of what you taught me."
"So what brings you here?" the old man asked him as he sat down, tossing Massimaferro a towel as he did so, "Surely you have better things to do than to come visit your old teacher."
"I should have done this long ago," Massimaferro said, wiping himself off a little, "Maybe I would have fared better."
"Practice," the old man reminded him, "I work out every day.  I intend to do that until the day I die."
"Do you still teach?" Massimaferro asked him, "Or are you just enjoying your daily workouts now?"
"I'm too damn old to take regular students," the old man said, "I'll be feeling the effects from this one for days."
"That's good," Massimaferro chuckled, "I'll have to wear long sleeve shirts in session to keep rumors from starting about the bruises.  Nice to know I'm not alone in that."
"I'm guessing your visit here isn't completely social," the old man said, "I heard about what happened to your new apprentice yesterday.  Is he ok?"
"He's alive," Massimaferro said, "But he won't be ok until he learns to defend himself properly."
"I haven't taken on a class in a long time," the old man stated.
"There is still nobody better," Massimaferro said, "It would only be two students."
"Two?" the old man asked.
"Medo will have to choose his personal representative soon," Massimaferro told him, "I would like both of them to go through the training, preferably together.  You could have them work out on each other instead of just on you."
"You knew I would take it, didn't you?" The old man asked him, "Knew it before you even came in the door."
"Of course I did," Massimaferro smiled, "You could never resist a challenge."
"I saw him at the changing ceremony," the old man said, "What is the kid like?"
"Quiet," Massimaferro said, "Not like me.  Iggy thinks he has a good head on his shoulders and he definitely knows when to question something.   He probably won't take to the physical end of it as well as I did though."
"Good," the old man said, smiling brightly, "His skull may not be so thick as yours, so I likely won't have to beat on him as badly."
"He doesn't need offensive," Massimaferro said, "He isn't built like I am so probably will be more of a defensive base."
"I'll make that judgment when I see him," the old man frowned, letting Massimaferro know he was being presumptuous, "I have but one request."
"In addition to your usual fee, of course," Massimaferro grinned, "What is it?"
"The training needs to be done here instead of at the palace," the old man said, "I don't feel like dealing with all those people anymore and I'm sure Insegniferro will be perfectly happy not to deal with me either."
The old teacher and Insegniferro had differed greatly on the point of Massimaferro's teaching, with the Mullinix much preferring the scholarly pursuits to the rigors of fighting.  The old animosity was apparent, even after all these years.
"That can be arranged," Massimaferro agreed, "It will do Medo good to get out of the palace in a controlled atmosphere."
"You know how my training goes," the old man said, "I'll want them regularly for a couple weeks and then three intensive days."
"I figured as much," Massimaferro agreed, "I know better than to doubt your training judgment.  It will be as you ask."
"I have two students that are nearly ready," the old man said, "I can take your two starting next week."
"They will be here," Massimaferro promised, getting up and shaking the old man's hand, "Thank you for taking them."
"It would be a shame for you to have gone through that awful ceremony for nothing," the old man said, "Now go on back and take care of the country.  You don't have to waste any more time with me."
Massimaferro knew him well enough to know that he'd been dismissed.  He left the building with a smile on his face, knowing full well that he had done pretty well for someone who hadn't been exercising his skills regularly.  He almost envied Medoferro in a way, for getting to start this training from the beginning.  Almost.

Chapter 29 - Choosing a Rep

Medoferro and Insegniferro finished up their lesson early, going over emergency procedures if something were to happen to any of the Mullinix.  It seemed like a timely lesson, considering the problem that had happened the day before.  Iggy hoped that the lesson wouldn't be needed, but would have felt remiss in not teaching it to him.
"That seems simple enough," Medo said, finishing reading some old documents, "So is that all we are going over today?"
"That's all we're doing formally," Iggy nodded, "But there is something else I need to talk to you about."
"This isn't going to be a birds and the bees lesson is it?" Medo asked, "I think I'm learning that quick enough at night…"
"No, no," Iggy chuckled, "I think Massimaferro is much more qualified to handle any lectures on that anyway."
"So what are we talking about today, Iggy?" Medo asked him, "You've got the floor."
"You've met Roland and Paulus, right?" Iggy asked them, "Our personal representatives?"
"Yes," Medo nodded, "Nice enough guys.   I saw Roland today, but I haven't seen Paulus for nearly a week."
"Paulus is looking in on things for us down in Cirrus," Iggy said, "Roland is staying put until we get ready for the trade talks in Siraq."
"Why are you bringing this up?" Medo asked him.
"Because the personal representatives are an important part of being a Mullinix," Iggy told him, "We were hoping to get through a bit more of your training before having you choose one, but things have been getting dicey and we've needed a new rep for several years now.  So we need you to choose one soon."
"What does a personal representative actually do?" Medoferro asked him, "I mean are there limitations as to what they do or what?"
"Your personal representative is someone that you can trust," Insegniferro explained, "No more and no less.  He serves no master but you.  Even Massy and I can't do anything with him without telling you, though he will essentially be an apprentice as long as you are."
"Does it have to be a man?" Medo asked him.
"No," Iggy admitted, "It could be a woman.  There have been a few opposite sex couplings, but they are rare."
"Any limitations on who I can choose?" Medo asked him, "I mean do you have to approve?"
"It would be nice if it was someone we could get along with," Iggy chuckled, "But knowing you I don't think that will be a problem.  It is your choice totally.  Just remember before you make the choice that you will have to live with this person for a long time.   Changing personal representatives is a pain in the ass, as the new one doesn't have the history."
"The thing is," Medo said, "I don't have many close friends.  I was always a loner at home, not too close with my classmates.  Most of them were people I'd say hello to if I saw them in the hallway, but not someone I'd ever spend the night with or go out drinking with."
"That is your choice," Iggy told him, "I'm sure there is someone out there who you feel close enough with."
"Do I have to have to have known them for a long time?" Medo asked him, "I mean…"
"It's not a hard and fast rule," Iggy chuckled, "Honestly, I'd only known Roland for a year or two when I chose him.  He was my best friend at the time though.  Massy and Paulus had been friends since they were able to talk though."
"What about Taliaferro's?" Medo asked, curious now.
"I don't know," Iggy said honestly, "He'd been around for so many years when I came in that he was just accepted."
"The only two people I know that I think I'd consider are Simon and Miranda," Medo said, "They've been here for me since I've been in this predicament.  You notice that nobody from home has even tried to contact me."
"I was wondering about that," Iggy said, "Usually the families take it well and respond well to the congratulations notice we send them.  Your family hasn't even responded yet."
"I don't expect them to," Medo sighed, "I was pretty much the invisible boy at home and my father isn't exactly the biggest fan of the Mullinix system."
"No abuse or anything, I hope," Iggy asked him, looking concerned, "Right?"
"Nothing like that," Medo assured him, "Nothing at all like what Marina had been subjected to.  There just wasn't much warmth in my household.  I was a loner because that was what I was taught from the time I was young."
"That was the part I was worried about from your file," Iggy told him, "None of our agents could ever really find any personal information about you.  You showed no signs of psychopathy or any other disorder, but you seemed to have no close friends.  Your   family history is colorful as well, but that's a whole different ball of wax."
"Everyone to their clique and a clique to everyone," Medo laughed, "I just never fit in while I was in school.  Most of my old friends outgrew me or I outgrew them.  So I kept to myself and figured I'd get a job doing something or other someday."
"I'm sure this isn't what you had in mind," Iggy said, "Though you did have ample warning…"
"No kidding!" Medo said, "So you would have no problem if I chose Simon or Miranda?"
"Problem?" Iggy said, feigning surprise, "Hell, half the house staff is taking bets on which one of them you're going to choose."
"Who is getting better odds?" Medo asked him, "You can bet on them and we'll split the pot?"
"Nice gesture," Iggy laughed, "But I'm staying out of it.  You can seriously choose either one, whichever one you think will do the best job."
"What exactly do they have to do?" Medo wondered, "And what is their compensation?"
"They serve out of loyalty usually," Iggy said, "But they get many of the same benefits you do, without some of the limitations.   They get to live in a room here if they choose, though unlike us they can marry and live outside if they want to.   There isn't much money in it, but they will get to travel and never have to worry about their next meal.  They'll draw a small stipend for personal use and their travel will be paid for."
"A lot of travel?" Medo asked.
"Quite a bit," Iggy admitted, "Enough that Roland's wife is usually annoyed with me for sending him out.  That's why Paulus got the Cirrus trip, so we could let Roland spend some time at home with Sueta before sending him out.   Roland will get the trip to Siraq to make the arrangements for the trade negotiations."
"So they are ambassadors for the throne?" Medo said.
"They perform that function, yes," Iggy nodded, "They also travel to places and see what the area is like.   They can do it without the massive security they have to put on us.  If there is a problem, they can often find it faster than we can."
"How dangerous is it?" Medo asked him.
"Not usually," Iggy said, "We'll send a guard with them, usually in disguise if they're traveling incognito.  I won't say we've never lost one, but it is rare and we always try not to send them to places they could get hurt."
"Man," Medo said, sitting back in his chair, "This is a serious job…"
"Everything here is serious, Medo," Iggy warned him, "You learned that the hard way yesterday.   One day you'll be responsible for life or death situations.  Hopefully that day will be far away, but you have to be ready for it whenever it happens.  Something could happen and one of us could die early, pushing you right into Massy's spot."
Medoferro visibly shuddered at that fact, something that still worried Insegniferro a little.   It had been so many years that he had almost forgotten what it was like to be new in this job.  Thirty-six years is a long time to live as a Mullinix, especially when you've spent thirty of them in the hot seat.
"It is a fact, Medo," Iggy reminded him, "You are a simple heartbeat away from being the leader of this nation.  My job now is to prepare you as best I can."
"The personal rep is to help us not to have to do that alone," Medo nodded, "Right?"
"That's it in a nutshell," Iggy said, "Part friend, part confidant, part ambassador, the personal representative has to do it all.  In some ways, their job is even more thankless than ours is."
"The way you describe it," Medo said, rubbing his brow thoughtfully, "I think Simon would be better for it than Miranda.  He's more outgoing."
"That is up to you," Iggy said, "Either one would probably do well, though I doubt she'd forgive you for pulling her in."
"That's true," Medo chuckled, "She was almost as scared of it as I was."
"Think about it a bit before you decide," Iggy said, "You have the rest of the day off.  If you choose Simon, go ahead and ask him.  Just have him come up here and we'll fill out the paperwork."
"Does he have to finish school there?" Medo asked Iggy, "Or do we pull him out if I do choose him?"
"He is immediately transferred to us," Iggy smiled, "That's a selling point too.  He doesn't have to eat that cardboard slop."
"Why is the food that bad?" Medo wondered, "Surely they can come up with something that tastes better than that."
"There actually is a valid reason for that," Iggy laughed, "You want to know what it is?"
"Sure," Medo nodded, "I was hoping that someone would have a valid reason."
"The Mullinix Empire is made of a polyglot of cultures," Iggy said, "All of them like different foods.   Up north everything is spicy where the west is mostly salt and fish.  South is bland food pretty much exclusively, the food from up north would kill most of their palates."
"So you make the food bad so everyone hates it?" Medo asked, not quite seeing the logic in it.
"The food is tasteless and filling," Iggy chuckled, "And the same for everyone.  The same recipe has been used there for centuries.  It's a way of bonding, sharing the misery."
"That is just sick and twisted," Medo laughed, "Who the hell thought of that?"
"Medoferro I actually," Iggy grinned, "So I'd be careful criticizing it too much."
"Man," Medo sighed, "That's depressing."
"Go ahead and take off," Iggy said, "You've done all you need to today.  If you want to talk to Simon, go ahead and pull him out of class."
"Do I need to fill out anything for that?" Medo asked him.
"No need," Iggy said, "You're a Mullinix.  They will let you dispel class for the day completely if you really want to."
"Tempting," Medo said, "But I think I'll just get Simon out and talk to him about it."
"All right," Iggy said, "Do what you will.   If you choose tonight, just meet in the office tomorrow morning.  We'll make the official transfer then."
Medo nodded and headed out the door.  The palace commons were a safe area, but they were separated from the Service Center School on the outside by a large wall filled with checkpoints.  Medoferro, now realizing the threat on him, went over to the guard station to find out who was on protective duty.
"What's up, Medoferro?" Rav Suvorov said, showing his true personality instead of the belligerent fool he showed in class, "Going out?"
"Quick trip," Medo nodded, "Only to the classroom areas."
"Let me get another big guy," Rav said, "Five minutes?"
"I can wait," Medo nodded.
It actually only took three minutes, as Suvorov found another young guard in the lunch room.  They both wore full uniforms and carried compact dart weapons, small and deadly things that could be easily concealed.
"Where are we going?" Suvorov asked them.
"To the registrar," Medoferro said, "I need to find Simon."
"He'll be in second session, room 204," Suvorov said, "I had the same schedule you two did."
"I'd forgotten," Medo grinned, "My mind is just unable to process everything it is being fed."
"Understandable," Suvorov nodded, "You have to remember enough for any ten people."
"Right," Medo nodded.
They walked quietly towards the classroom areas.  Medoferro was wondering how Simon would react to this, but he knew there was no better choice.  The three of them went into the building and Medo had to fight hard not to flinch at some of the stares that resulted.  
Suvorov and the other guard stood back and let Medoferro knock on the door to the right classroom.  Miranda and Simon had been talking to each other in their usual seats in the back of the room when they looked forward.   The instructor went over to the door and let Medoferro in, bowing respectfully.
"How are you, Medoferro?" the instructor said, "What brings you to my classroom?"
"I apologize for interrupting your lesson, instructor," Medoferro said, "But I would like to speak with Simon Sutcliffe, please."
"Simon," the instructor said, "I believe you've been summoned," then he turned over to Medoferro again, "Should I hold class for him?"
"No need," Medo said, "He won't be returning today.  Again, I apologize for interrupting.  Go ahead with your lesson."
Simon and Miranda looked at each other and wondered what Medo had in mind.  She shrugged and waved to Medo, a gesture that he smiled and returned.  Simon got up and took his books with him, heading over to Medoferro.  
"What's up?" Simon asked Medo.
"Come on," Medo grinned, "I'll tell you outside."
"You're the boss," Simon chuckled, simply glad to get out of the room.
They walked out of the room and headed away from the classrooms.  Simon was surprised to find that Rav Suvorov was outside as well and even more surprised that Suvorov was looking as official as he was.
"Ok Medo," Simon said, "What no good are you up to?"
"Just need to talk to you," Medo said, "Rav?  Can we go to the field without additional escort?"
"Sure," Rav nodded, "The fields are within the walls.  Only need the two person escort for when you're outside the palace walls."
"He is your escort now?" Simon asked him, "Ok, this is weirdsville, Medo… What the hell is going on?  Someone die?"
"Nope," Medo said, "Just needed to have a serious talk with someone and you're elected."
"All right," Simon agreed, "This is your show and I'm grateful… That lecture was boring as hell."
They walked out of the developed area and headed into the fields, an area that had been put aside long ago to give an open area for people to walk around in.  It being the middle of a workday nobody was out and they pretty much had it to themselves.
"Ok Medo," Simon said, "You're concerning me, buddy.  What's up?"
"What do you have planned when you get out of here?" Medo asked him, deciding to approach it from that angle.
"Define out of here?" Simon asked, "Out of this field or out of service center?"
"Out of service center," Medo said.
"I don't know," Simon said honestly, "Probably look for some sort of job.  Not like I will get anything from home."
"Too many of you?" Medo asked him.
"There are ten of us, remember?" Simon nodded, "Dad won't be able to apprentice all of us, though he's got friends that probably would take a few.  I might go with one of them."
"I see," Medo nodded, going into thought again, "Doing what?"
"Who knows?" Simon said, "I thought you needed to talk, man.  Why all the questions about me?"
"It's you I need to talk about," Medo told him, "Did you spend any time talking to Roland or Paulus at the party?"
"A bit," Simon nodded, "Really nice guys."
"Do you know what they do there?" Medo asked him.
"Yeah, They're the reps for the other Mullinix.  They do things…" Simon said and then the realization hit him, "Oh man… You're not thinking… Medo?"
"I've got to choose a personal representative," Medoferro explained to him, "You and Miranda are the only ones I know that well and frankly, though she is a great girl, you are better suited to this job."
"Holy shit…" Simon said, trying to get his bearings back, "Me?  Work in the palace?"
"Not just in the palace, Simon," Medo said, "You'll get to travel around the entire country, being my eyes and ears in places that I either can't or don't have time to travel to."
"You just had to find a way to drag me into it, didn't you?" Simon chuckled, "Holy moly…"
"I'll be honest," Medo said, "The pay sucks, but you will never have to worry about where your next meal will come from."
"When would I start?" Simon asked him, "And what other benefits?"
"You get to live at the palace with me when you're not traveling," Medo said and then grinned at him, "And yes, you get the benefits that I do there."
"Now that is an inducement," Simon laughed, "Who would my official boss be?"
"That's the other down side," Medo said, "I'll be your boss."
"You're kidding me," Simon said, "Ok, where do I sign up?"
"You sure you want in on this?" Medo asked him, "You have a choice, I didn't…"
"Man," Simon said, "You are a good guy and I have only bullshit to look forward to otherwise.  You never did tell me when I could start…"
"You don't have to go back to class," Medo said, "We'll just make a stop and get your stuff later."
"Looks like we're on a new adventure," Simon chuckled, "Thanks, Medo."
"Don't thank me yet," Medo laughed, "Not until you have to go to Cirrus for the first time…"

Chapter 30 - Strategic Thinking

Medoferro and Simon sat in the Mullinix office, waiting for Insegniferro to show up for the morning lessons.  Simon was being his usual laid back self, kicking back in a chair and smiling, having had his first experience with the house staff the night before.  Medo was sitting behind his desk moving stuff around to a more comfortable place for him.
"Now I see why you took to this place," Simon told him, rocking back in his chair, "I think I can get used to this quickly."
"Who did you end up with?" Medo asked him, not looking up from his organizing.
"Trecia," Simon said, "You know the blonde…"
"Sounds like you had fun," Medo chuckled, looking up at his friend, "See, there are benefits to government service."
"Thanks for choosing me," Simon said, tossing a piece of paper into a trash can, "So what are we waiting for today?"
"Iggy said to meet him here this morning," Medo said, "I guess we're early though."
"Not too early," Massimaferro said as he walked into the room, "Iggy will be here in a few minutes. He is just yelling at Colonel LaPorte in Cirrus."
"I thought that was your job now," Medo chuckled, "What happened?"
"I don't like Colonel LaPorte very much," Massy explained, "After his last batch of excuses I was ready to tear his head off.  Iggy has a better feel for diplomacy than I do, so he's doing the talking."
"I guess that is a good thing," Simon said, "So this is the type of thing I'll be doing, huh?"
"Yep," Massy agreed, "Welcome to the team, Simon.  Looks like I lost my five coins on you."
"Funny," Simon said.
"I offered Iggy a chance at the pot," Medo grinned, "I was going to have him bet on who had the best odds and choose that person."
"Really nice," Simon laughed, "I'm sure that Miranda would have loved that."
"It's all right," Massy said, sitting down, "This part of the training I'm better at than Iggy anyway, so if anything comes in he can handle it for a while."
"So what are we doing?" Medo asked him.
"Strategy," Massy smiled, "Besides being the civilian leaders of the empire, we also control the military.  We don't fight wars often, but we do often enough that you need to know how to think strategically."
"Also," Simon said, remembering the papers, "With Cirrus and the Mavelan border heating up as much as it is he is going to need to know what the military is doing."
"Not just him," Massy said, "You as well.  If something happens and decisions need to be made before you can reach us you will be responsible for it.  You will be an extension of Medoferro, Simon.  The times will be few and further between, but you need to know what he does."
"So how do we learn?" Medo asked, "Another series of boring books and lectures?"
"Nope," Massy grinned, "This is the fun part of the training.  We get to play war games."
"War games huh?" Simon said, "What type?"
"One that was developed by Marcus Mullinix himself, nearly two millennia ago," Massimaferro said, a twinkle coming into his eye, "Come with me, boys, and we'll go play a game."
The three of them went up a set of stone stairs to a room that neither Medo nor Simon had entered yet.  Medo had seen the door and thought about questioning someone about what was there, but just hadn't gotten around to it yet.  Massimaferro opened the door and the three of them went into a small gray room.  Massimaferro secured the outside door and let them into the larger room beyond.  What was inside nearly boggled the mind of both Simon and Medoferro.
"Good gods," Simon said, "What the…"
"This is amazing," Medo said, "How…   what…"
Massimaferro chuckled as they looked around.   This was the usual thought of anyone who first came in to see this room.  He had been much the same way when he first walked in many years ago.  He watched the boys as they looked around in wonder at the gadgets and widgets that made up the strategy room.
It was certainly a sight to behold, as the room took most of the third floor over the chambers, which was not an inconsiderable area.  In the room was a whole legion of toy soldiers, most measuring somewhere around a foot tall.  They had all been painstakingly crafted to look human and they looked almost alive.  They were all holding swords and some of them were on horses, to simulate the most common means of warfare.  Mechanical units were too slow and took too much energy to use on the battlefield with the technology they had still in use.
"Welcome to the battle room," Massimaferro said, "This room will let you test battle theories and learn how to plot strategy without having to do it when it could cost you real lives."
"How is this possible?" Medo asked, "I mean this looks so complicated.  So much metal and technologies that I've just read about…"
"This room is shielded with nearly two feet of bauxite," Massimaferro explained, "It allows the components in this room to work properly. It took Marcus Mullinix and some of the last pre-cataclysmic people who knew the old technology nearly twenty years to get all this working."
"You mean this equipment has been working for 2000 years?" Simon said, seriously impressed, "Most things don't last anywhere near that long."
"I don't pretend to understand how this works," Massimaferro said, "But it was built in a way that has very few moving parts, so there is little to wear out.  It runs on electrical fields of some sort, the type you read about existing before the wars happened and turned the global magnetic fields upside down."
"So how do we use it?" Medo asked him, "I've never even seen anything like this."
"You probably never will outside this room," Massy told him, "They built this out of components that would fry without the shielding.  If it weren't for the tons upon tons of bauxite in the walls this would all be a huge paperweight.  This is too expensive to do normally, and more trouble than it is worth."
"We get that," Simon said as he walked around a little, "How do we use it though?"
"That is easy," Massy said, "See the three pods up over the battlefield?"
The boys looked up and saw a pod on three sides of the battlefield, wondering how those were used to control things.  They were each big enough for at least three people and had a ladder allowing access from the floor.
"Come on up to the first one," Massy said, "I will show you the controls and then we will play a game."
Massimaferro, with speed and grace you wouldn't expect from a man of his size, climbed up the nearest ladder up into the pod. The pods were a dizzying sight to the boys, who had only read about this sort of thing in books that dated from before the wars that caused the changes in the planet.
"How are we expected to control this?" Medo exclaimed, "I mean, what is it?"
"It is easy," Massimaferro said, "The designers knew that people in the future would have a hard time with this sort of thing, as it doesn't work outside this room now.  So they designed it to be simple."
There were several status lights, but none of them really seemed to have much meaning.  Massimaferro pulled up a chair over to the control window and looked out over the "battlefield", getting a bird's eye view.
"It is very simple," Massimaferro explained, "There are three armies and thousands of scenarios with each army.  Everything is voice commanded."
"This is like fiction, man," Simon said, awed.
"This is the way things were before the cataclysmic wars," Medoferro said, "I read about this stuff in books."
"Exactly," Massy nodded, "You start it by pressing this button."
Massimaferro pressed a button on the console, a large red button that was marked with the Mullinix word for start.  The figures down on the field looked like they almost stood up and moved without assistance to the edge of the field.  A whirring began and the boys looked at each other wondering what was next.
"Welcome to war game simulation version 3.26," a voice said from the console, "How many players?"
"Three players," Massimaferro said to the system, "Generic war game scenario, beginner level please."
"Do you need instructions?" the disembodied voice asked.
Both boys were stunned by the fact that the system was talking.  Computers were unheard of in this world, as the changes in the magnetic field of the planet had made it virtually impossible for them to work.  A lot of time and effort were spent building the components inside this room and making them so they would work for the long term.
"Yes," Massimaferro said, "We need instructions."
"To play the game with three players," the voice said, "Each player will take a control pod. The tactical situation will be explained as intelligence briefings to each player.  All players will have different views of the situation, as it is in real life.  The goal of the game is to win, but the victory conditions will be different for each player."
"Just like real life," Medoferro noted.
"Quite," Simon grunted.
"Shhh," Massimaferro said.
"Much like a real army," the voice continued, "You can only give them orders.  If you give orders that aren't possible they will not carry them out.  Enough bad orders and you may endure a mutiny.  The winner will be determined at the end of the scenario."
"So this is a simulation of being a general," Simon said, "Sounds simple enough."
"Yes," Massimaferro agreed, "But there are so many variations that things tend to get complicated really quick.  It takes a quick mind and a lot of strategy to get through one of these games."
"How long do they last?" Medo wondered.
"Anywhere from five minutes to four hours," Massy said, "Taliaferro and I went against each other for nearly six hours once, but that was because we set up a nasty scenario that nobody could really win and neither of us really wanted to give up on. We finally called it a draw when Marianna and Julia came in and pretty much forced us out with promises of a long and lonely night if we didn't call it a draw."
"Gotta love the house staff," Medo chuckled, "I hope this one isn't going to take that long."
"I doubt it," Massy said, "Three player scenarios tend to go faster and this one is a basic one just to get you used to playing."
"Why do I get the feeling he is going to wipe the floor with us?" Simon asked Medo.
"Because he's played before and Iggy said he was a strategic whiz," Medo laughed, "Ok, let's do it."
Medo and Simon climbed down and went over to their respective pods, climbing the ladder to go up and receive their directions.  Medoferro and Simon both met with the same voice in the pod, a voice that sounded realistic despite being created by a machine in front of them.
"You have control of the orange army," the computer told Medoferro, "Your mission will be to move your army in for a defeat of the blue army.  The Red army is currently neutral, but holds a key piece of territory.  The blue army must be destroyed for you to win this scenario."
Simon climbed into his pod and began to receive his instructions, "You are in control of the Red army.  It is of no consequence to you which army wins, so long as you stay out of the conflict and keep over ninety percent of your troops and territory.  The Orange and Blue armies are in conflict and will not stop until one is gone.  You can either stay out and go defensive or assist one of the armies, though if you get into the fight be sure not to lose more than ten percent."
Massimaferro received much the same instructions Medoferro did.  The three-pronged battle was ready to begin.  It was a sticky situation, with Simon being a neutral holding the best ground.  Medoferro and Massimaferro went to work trying to see where everything was located.
"What would you like to do first?" the voice asked Medoferro.
"Scout the enemy," Medoferro said, "How many scouts do I have?"
"Four," the computer said, "Do you want to send the scout through the neutral territory or slip him through the lines?"
"Neutral territory," Medoferro said, not wanting to test the lines yet.
Simon was looking at the tactical situation around him.  It didn't look good on any side.  His back was clear, but both of his flanks were lined with either Medoferro's troops or with Massimaferro's.  The line was bigger with Massimaferro's troops, but Medoferro appeared to have a slightly superior force.
Massimaferro was looking at the situation and sending scouts out himself.  He suspected that Medoferro had more troops than he could see from his position.  The pods were made from a special glass that would only show areas lit with a special light, giving him the effect of only being able to see the parts of the field that he would know about.  Unlike Medoferro, he scooted his scout across the line, hoping that he would be able to do it without Medo noticing.
"Nice try, Massimaferro," Medo said to himself, "Troops, eliminate the scout that crossed the lines."
The machinery moved the closest unit to the scout and did a few weighted random rolls to simulate the combat.  Noise was played and the scout was scooted off the field in defeat.
"Good one, Medo," Massimaferro grunted, "Perhaps this will be a good game after all…"
Simon kept watching, but kept his troops close to home.  He deployed his best troops on each border to give Medo and Massy something to think about, hopefully to keep them off his piece of territory.  He had fewer troops than either one, so he didn't want to antagonize either yet.
Medoferro's scout did a bit better than Massimaferro's did.  The scout got behind Massimaferro's army and showed Medo that the other Mullinix didn't have quite as big an army as he did.  Thing was, if he went in full out Massimaferro might pull out a few tricks that he didn't know about.  
"Can we negotiate with other players?" Medoferro asked the system.
"Yes," the machine said, "I can make parley offers to other players, though with this scenario you cannot talk to the Blue army."
"I'd like to speak to the Red army chief," Medo said, deciding to try to make an ally out of Simon.
"What's up, Medo?" Simon asked him, "Need help before the fighting even starts?"
"I don't particularly want to go full out," Medo said, "Massy has a large force and I was hoping to work a deal with you."
"I'm not getting into this fight," Simon said, remembering the instructions, "I can't."
"I figured as much," Medo said, "But I would like to offer you a deal."
"Sure," Simon said, "I'll see if I can accommodate you."
"I want to move troops across your territory," Medo said, "To hit Massimaferro from behind with a surprise move."
"How do I know you won't attack me?" Simon asked him, "And if I do that, will I come under Massimaferro's attack?
"You have my word that I won't attack you," Medo said, "And I'll start a fight with Massimaferro on the front line first, sending my fast attackers through your rear territory to hit his backside."
"I want some sort of guarantee," Simon said, looking at what he could see of Massimaferro's troops, "A group of defenders to take my front line to make sure that I don't get hit personally."
"I can spare a set of defenders," Medo said, looking out on his field, "I'll park them behind your line and have them push forward to the defense when my rear flank crosses the border and takes Massimaferro from behind."
"That works," Simon agreed, "I'll leave my forces at both of your borders.  Cross me and I'll help him break you."
"Understood," Medo chuckled, "Thanks Simon."
Massimaferro massed his troops at the border, figuring that Simon would not be joining this fracas.  He saw few options, as Simon had a decent size set of troops by his border.  He pondered going after both of them and considered trying to get Simon in on the fight, though he knew that it wasn't likely.  Since the system had set Simon in as a neutral, he probably wouldn't be inclined to do much of anything.
"Ok," Massimaferro said, "Since Simon's area is defended, the only way for him to go is straight down.   So let's get the party started early.  System, send a blitz attack forward against orange."
His plan was to catch Medoferro by surprise.   Medoferro wasn't surprised at all, however, as his scout picked up the movements.   The young man countered by sending his remaining defenders to the front and having them do a fighting retreat, the better to thin out Massimaferro's backside.
Simon sat back and watched, ordering his troops to stand aside and let Medo's force through.  He saw the attack and knew that Massimaferro had made a fatal error.  Medo's defenders got in position behind Simon's troops and his fast attackers crossed the border to start hitting at Massimaferro's rear flank.
Massimaferro cursed at that ploy, as he didn't expect Simon to let anyone through.   He now knew that Medo was playing him, leading him into a trap.  He directed his main force to give up heading north and to plow east through Simon's troops.   Simon countered by getting out of the way and letting Medo's defenders take the lead.
Medoferro's defenders fought a harsh battle at the line, slowing Massimaferro's eastern advance.   With the pressure off his own line, he used the defenders up there to keep pushing and closing in on Massimaferro from all sides.  Massimaferro's army quickly began to fall apart, losing people and eventually entire units.   Simon waited until the end to get in to the fight at all, pushing Massimaferro's routed troops out of his land and even taking a little bit of Massimaferro's in the bargain. 
Medoferro lost the defenders he put in to keep Massy out of Simon's area, but it was worth the loss as the two front war this created pretty well crushed Massimaferro's army, to the tune of a massive victory for Medoferro.  Massimaferro could just watch as the two newbies destroyed his little army.  It was the first game of this he had lost in many years.
"Scenario over," the voice said in all three pods at once, "Red army exceeds their goals, losses four percent, land gained, eight percent.   Orange army meets goal of destroying Blue army.   Blue army loses the scenario, losing both land and army."
The voice went silent and Massimaferro climbed out of the booth, shaking his head.  Simon and Medo came down and grinned, looking at the machinery that was grinding to put the pieces back to a starting position.  Massimaferro shook both boys hands.
"I wasn't expecting that," Massimaferro said, "I figured Simon would stay neutral to meet his part of the Scenario."
"I met mine in spades," Simon grinned, "I figured that one of you would end up going through me if I didn't ally with one of you.  Medo made the offer and I let his troops take the beating in return for right of passage."
"I took some serious losses," Medo said, "But I got the job done."
"Not bad for a first time," Massimaferro grinned, "It will be interesting to see how you two do when playing against each other.  Either that or in a scenario that is more of an even match."
"You chose it," Medo grinned, "Not us."
Simon was about ready to retort when they heard some noise from the entrance chamber.  The door opened a few seconds later to show Insegniferro entering the room.  He looked a bit tired, but not really any worse for wear.
"What's up, Iggy?" Massy said, "Other than my loss score?"
"They beat you?" Iggy said, surprised, "This is the first time in years that you've lost!"
"They worked together and I made a bad judgment call," Massy shrugged, "I deserved it, as I should have seen it coming."
"Paulus just reported from Cirrus," Iggy said, "Seems that our suspicion was right.  The Colonel down there is probably making things worse."
"Just what I needed to hear," Massy frowned, "Is that what you came to get me for?"
"No," Iggy said, "Not much we can do about that yet.  Paulus wanted instructions, so you need to go talk on the wire."
"No rest for the weary, eh?" Massy said, "Ok, I'll go talk to him.  I probably should get a status report for myself anyway."
"So you beat Massy huh?" Iggy said, impressed, "Good for you two.  Now lets see how you two do against each other."
"You're not going to play?" Simon asked him.
"Not my job," Iggy grinned, "I'm terrible at this, always was.  Massimaferro was beating the pants off me within a week.  He and Tali were the masters at this.  I will just referee matches between the two of you and talk about what you've done wrong."
"I guess it is back up to the pods," Simon said, grinning, "The loser buys the ale tonight?"
"You've got a deal," Medo grinned.
"The ale here is free," Iggy reminded them.
"Then whoever loses has to serve it," Simon grinned, "That work?"
"I'll remember that when you're serving tonight," Medo grinned and headed towards a pod.
Iggy shook his head and went up to start the game.

Chapter 31 - Cirrus City

Paulus rubbed his temples as he walked out of the communications building.  It was one of the most modern in the empire, dating back only about twenty years compared to the centuries many of the others ones were.  The technology for it hadn't gotten any better, leaving him with the usual headache he got every time he talked to anyone over the wire.
His guard, Tolando, was waiting for him in the barracks where they had checked in when they had gotten there.  Tolando had been Paulus' guard for nearly a decade, ever since the younger man had pulled Paulus out of a nasty bar fight in a rough and tumble fisherman's bar on the west coast.   He was as observant as Paulus himself had become and had even less standing, so people would talk to him where they wouldn't talk to Paulus.
"Did you talk to anyone, Tol?" Paulus asked him, "This place is driving me bat shit."
"The soldiers here are tense," Tolando said, "I haven't pushed too hard yet.  I figured I'd see how much you wanted to know."
"Of course they are tense," Paulus grunted, "That idiot Colonel is pushing us to a full blown war."
"I think you need to talk to some of the rank and file," Tolando told his boss, "There is a dice game going on behind the equipment pool.   Want to pay them a visit?"
"I think that's a good idea," Paulus nodded, "That Colonel hasn't made time to see me despite my rank.  I almost think we should have sent Roland."
"He's better at diplomacy than you are," Tolando grinned, "Remember how we met."
"True, true.  That was one hell of a bar fight though," Paulus chuckled, remembering that day well, "Ok, you obviously know where the gambling is going on.  Let's go talk to some conscripts."
Paulus changed out of his more formal garb into a simple set of low ranking military clothing.  Tolando did the same, choosing a set he kept for situations like this, sewn properly to conceal two dart pistols.  They weren't any good long range, but the internal workings could shoot a dart out hard enough to kill within ten yards.  If the dart itself didn't do it, the poison it contained would.
They went over to the equipment pool and didn't have much trouble finding the game at all, as the men and women who were playing were playing rather loudly.  The Mullinix army tended to have roughly equal ratios of men and women, though the odds were usually slightly skewed in favor of the men.  This made for interesting coed situations on the bases, with illicit parties the norm among the conscripts.
This was a situation Paulus had seen more than once over the years and thought little of.  It was natural and part of the basic training included the social dos and don'ts for this type of thing.  He figured that it was just a good way for poorly paid troops to blow off a little steam.
"The ones I was talking to earlier are over in the corner," Tolando told his boss.
"Do they know who I am?" Paulus asked him.
"Nope," Tolando smiled.
"Keep it that way," Paulus said, watching idly as a young man and woman ran off giggling to a darkened corner, "They'll talk more if they think I'm simply an older career grunt."
"You got it," Tolando nodded, knowing how this went.
The two of them went over there and found the game, a simple variation of craps being played with dice on the floor.  They were using military script to bet with, and the game was going fast and furious.  There were a few people hanging around the outsides though, watching the game.  It was them that Tolando took Paulus over to.
"How did you do?" Tolando asked them.
"Eh," one of them said, "Not bad.  Enough so that I'll have to buy a round or two."
"I'll be taking you up on that too," his friend said.
"This is my old buddy Paulus," Tolando said to the man, "He's new to the area just like I am."
"You under the command of the Colonel?" a young gambler asked.
"Don't know yet," Paulus admitted, "I just got into base, don't have to report in 'til the morning so I figured there was no need to hurry."
"You look a bit old for a grunt," he said, "You a lifer?"
"Haven't had anywhere else to go," Paulus shrugged, "So I stay where I make a good living."
"You'll change your tune on that after some time here," the young gambler grunted, "This place is truly the asshole of the empire."
"People I've met here so far have been nice," Paulus said, "What's so bad about it?"
"The Colonel is crazy as a shithouse rat," the gambler said, "Those idiots over the border aren't any better.  They skirmish, people die, we skirmish some more.  It's a never-ending cycle.  The people here are nice and some of the women are damned hot, but I tell you Cirrus ain't worth it."
"Man," Paulus chuckled, "I've never seen morale so low anywhere."
"When you see your friends leave and not come back you tend to stop caring," the young man said, "I want nothing more than to survive my last few months here and leave this idiotic military behind."
"Can't say as I blame you," Paulus said and shook his hand, "Enjoy your game."
The gambler shrugged and went back to his game.  Paulus and Tolando went off to find a corner.  Paulus was nearly floored by what he'd just seen.  He'd never seen a military base in the empire that had so much going wrong.   Morale here was nonexistent and there was no respect for the Colonel running it.
"Is everyone like this?" Paulus asked him.
"Everyone I've talked to," Tolando confirmed, "I figured you'd better see it for yourself."
"Massy is going to have a cow, that's for sure," Paulus said, "How the hell did we get into such a mess here?"
"Mismanagement and insurgency," Tolando said, "The Mullinix is a good guy from all accounts, but this place is in sore need of some decent management.  It hasn't had any in a long time."
"I'll pass that on," Paulus promised, "I don't know what else we will accomplish here."
"We heading home?" Tolando hoped.
"Not yet," Paulus said, thinking about it, "I want to talk to the Colonel a bit first.  Get more of a feel for how bad he is mismanaging things.  Probably spend a day or two doing this, as I want to see more before I report."
"You lead," Tolando said, "I'll follow…"
"I'll remember that," Paulus said dryly.

Chapter 32 - In Self Defense…

Massimaferro walked up to the second floor of the palace, glad to be finished with the load of idiotic cases he'd had to deal with that day.  He now had a new respect for what Insegniferro put up with for so many years.  Luckily, he had an excuse to get away from it for a couple hours.  His old teacher had sent him word that he was ready for the new students.
There was a little crowd in one of the rooms just outside the game chamber, so Massimaferro went to see what was going on.  A number of the house staff and page boys were watching the results of the simulation, with the pieces being moved on the board as Medoferro and Simon battled each other for domination.
"Iggy set up a massive battle," Marina told Massy when he came in, "It's turning out to be a good one, with Simon and Medo having one hell of a strategic matching."
"Who is winning" Massy asked her.
"Medo is gaining ground," Marina said, "But Simon has some nasty tricks up his sleeve.  If Medo doesn't handle it correctly Simon could still win this."
"Let's hope it is soon," Massimaferro said, watching as someone moved pieces, "I need to get them to their first self defense lesson this afternoon."
"Iggy put a two-hour limit on the game," Marina said, "There's only twenty minutes left."
Massimaferro nodded and watched with everyone else the battle between the new people.  It was a good one and Medo was doing much the same things he would have in the match.  Simon was being a bit more impetuous, but doing well despite it.  Massimaferro wondered what the house staff thought of him now that he'd been here a few days.
"How is Simon fitting in?" Massy asked Marina as they watched the play by play.
"He is doing well," Marina said, "Randy bugger, he is, but he is respectful and everyone likes him."
"That's good," Massy nodded, "I think Medo chose well.   Simon is going to be a good rep for him.  He's as outgoing as Medo is quiet."
"They are two ends of the spectrum," Marina agreed, "But they fit together like a glove."
"They'll need to," Massy grinned, "Cause my old teacher is going to be beating on them for a while."
"I heard stories about him," Marina said, "Doesn't get along with pretty much anyone, but he will teach you how to defend yourself."
"If he can't teach Medo and Simon how to survive an assassin's attack no one will," Massy said, "That's if he doesn't kill them himself in the process."
"He's an old man," Marina said, "How much damage can he do?"
"I went over to talk to him last week," Massy said, raising the sleeve on his shirt and showing Marina the bruises, "That bruise is just one that I got in the workout."
"I see…" Marina said, shuddering a little.
"He's the best there is," Massimaferro told her, "Age won't change that."
There was a slight cheer as Simon began to rally, directing his troops into a masterful counterattack on Medoferro's forces.  Unfortunately for Simon's troops, Medoferro had deliberately held back some of his best forces for just such an eventuality.  Simon's last stand was daring, but when he got closed in from three sides Medoferro's forces simply overwhelmed him.
"Looks like it is over," Massimaferro said, "Medoferro is getting good at these."
"Ought to be interesting to see if he can beat you," Marina grinned, "Word is you are the champ at this."
"He beat me the first day by co-opting Simon," Massimaferro chuckled, "I'm looking forward to the rematch."
Medoferro, Simon and Insegniferro walked out of the room laughing and shaking hands.  The house staff that had gathered around gave Medo a round of applause and the young man seemed surprised that this many people had taken notice of the game.  He bowed sheepishly and looked at the others as the crowd dispersed.
"Good job," Massy told him, "I caught the last of it."
"Anything major down there?" Iggy asked him.
"No," Massy said, "Just got word that my old teacher is ready for Medo and Simon."
"Ready for us why?" Simon asked, "What's up?"
"Oh gods," Medo said, "The self-defense training."
"You got it," Massy said, "If anything like what happened last week happens again I want you two to be ready.  Especially you, Simon, as you're the one who has to go out into the world."
"So who is this teacher?" Medo asked him, "Someone we'd have heard of?"
"Probably not," Massy said, "He's an old man now, but don't let that fool you.  He can still kick my ass."
"Why do I not like the sound of that?" Simon asked Medo.
Neither one liked the sound of it, but they followed Massimaferro dutifully.  The three of them went into the old stone structure in the center of the capital city.  It was an imposing structure, one that was as old as any of the buildings in Mullinix Centre.  Simon had walked by it many times and wondered what it contained.  He and Medo were about to find out.
The old man was sitting in a cross-legged position on the stone floor that made both Medo and Simon hurt just watching.  Massimaferro snickered as he watched the display, as he knew the old man had been doing this to intimidate his students for forty years. 
"Teacher," Massimaferro said when the old man looked up, "I present to you the new Mullinix-Apprentice, Medoferro and his personal representative, Simon Sutcliffe."
The old man stood up and looked at the young men.   Neither Simon nor Medo were overly tall, but Medo alone stood about four inches taller than the old man did.  He looked the boys over and nodded in a way that showed that he wasn't particularly impressed.
"So this is who you've chosen, eh?" the old man said, "I guess I can work with them if they'll listen."
"I'm sure they'll learn quickly," Massimaferro chuckled, "Though you might have to belt Simon in the mouth a few times."
"That's something I'd like to see," Medo grinned.
"I'm sure you will see more than you care to," the old man told them, "You have been living that pampered life in the palace.   You will not be pampered that way here, I can guarantee you that.  My job is to make sure that you know what you need to do to protect yourself from an assassin.  Do you know how I will do that?"
Neither Medo nor Simon had a clue, so all they could do is shake their heads meekly.  Both of them were highly intimidated by the old man, despite his diminutive stature.  He just had an air about him that made it seem like it would be a very bad idea to antagonize him.
"I'm going to teach you how to think like one," the old man said, "Have either of you been to any sort of training like this before?"
"I took some when I was younger," Simon said.
"I've never been to any form of training," Medo admitted.
"This is good," the old man said to Medo, "You will have less to unlearn than your friend will."
Simon gulped at that, not liking the way that the old man had put it.
"We shall be starting with the basics," The old man said, "The first of which is balance.  I want you two to stand in a position so that you can't be easily knocked down…"
This session alone went on for nearly two hours, with the old man knocking them down like they were dominoes each time and giving suggestions.  Medo, despite having little regard for physical activities, actually took well to the training.  He didn't like being beat on, but he learned quickly and helped Simon, who was a little slower with it.  By the end of the session both boys could withstand basic pushes from both Massy, who was taller than both of them, and the old man who was shorter.
"You two are learning," the old man said, nodding, "I can work with you, but it will take time.   How much time is sourpuss going to let me have them for?"
"Sourpuss?" Simon mouthed to Medo, who shrugged.
"How much do you need?" Massy asked, shrugging, "I am the Mullinix now.  I can overrule Insegniferro if I have to."
"Six hours a day for the next two weeks then four hours a day for the rest of the month," the old man said, nodding, "At the end of that period I will want them for three straight days for some intensive training."
"Morning or afternoon?" Massy asked him.
"Afternoon," the old man said and smiled for the first time, "They are still growing boys.  Let them sleep and get a good noontime meal before they get their daily beating.   After the intensive training days we'll decide what is needed after that.  Probably only an hour or two a few times a week, at which point I'll want you back in as well."
"They'll be here," Massy said, "Do you want to do anymore today?"
"I think I've beaten on them enough for one day," the old man said, "Have them here tomorrow and we'll beat some more sense into them."
"All right," Massy said to the boys, "Let's head home."

Chapter 33 - I Don’t Like Change…

Medoferro woke up stiff, stretching out a little as he tried to make himself move.  Nearly two weeks of spending his mornings doing lessons with Insegniferro, his afternoons taking beatings from the old man and his evenings learning new methods of pleasure from Marina and other members of the house staff were beginning to take a toll on him.  
Marina, for her part, seemed to be oblivious to the problems as she slept through Medoferro standing up and groaning as he put pressure on his knees.  Deciding he didn't want to stay in his room he headed downstairs and went into the kitchen, finding Marianna performing her usual morning food preparation duties.
"How are you, Medo?" she asked him, beaming the smile that had made her Massimaferro's favorite for years.
"Sore," Medo said, "You wouldn't have any suggestions for that, would you?"
"Hot tea can't hurt," Marianna told him, "There's a fresh pot on the stove."
"Thanks," Medo nodded and went to pour himself a cup.
He took the hot liquid and walked out barefoot onto the stone tiles of the courtyard.   The back courtyard was about the only ground level place that the Mullinix could go and not see people or walls.   Built onto a hill behind the palace it afforded them a view of most of the countryside as well as a bit of privacy.   
Insegniferro, as was his usual custom, was spending the morning reading a book on a chair on the courtyard.   The chair was two times too large for him, having been built many years before for an extremely oversized Mullinix.   Medoferro noticed it pretty well engulfed the small man, but looked extremely comfortable.  Medo himself found a moderately sized wooden chair and sat down, figuring that the way he felt it wouldn't matter anyway.
Insegniferro didn't notice his presence for a few minutes until Medo got yet another cramp in his leg and nearly dropped his tea.   A few grumbles from Medoferro brought Insegniferro out of his book and looking at the younger man.
"Sore again today, eh?" Iggy asked him.
"Yeah," Medo nodded, "This pace is killing me."
"Need to calm down at night some until the lessons with the old man slow down," Iggy observed.
"Yeah," Medo grinned sheepishly, "But what else am I supposed to do?  Not as though I can get a night life of my own."
"There's more to life than hedonism, Medo," Iggy said, smiling a little.
"Not according to Massy and Simon," Medo chuckled, "Though you are more like a monk than a ruler.  Do you ever relax?"
"I'm relaxing now," Iggy chuckled, "But I long ago stopped spending my time on the hedonistic pleasures."
"Why is that?" Medo asked him, "I mean… Do you enjoy sleeping alone?"
"Not particularly," Iggy said, "But without my beloved, it would be little but empty exertion for me.  That's why I no longer take part in it.  I'm happier without."
"Sounds like a lonely existence," Medo said.
"Well," Iggy said, sitting up and trying to put it in perspective for the young man, "I notice that you seem to spend the lion's share of your intimate time with Marina.   Why is that?"
"I like her," Medo said honestly, "I guess I don't like change."
"Much how I felt," Iggy nodded, "I just can't see the point in going off with someone I don't care as much about."
"I guess I can see that point," Medo said, wondering if he'd ever feel the same for anyone, "I like Marina a lot and feel comfortable with her, which is why I'm usually with her, but sometimes that girl is rather distant.  Makes me uncomfortable at times."
"Marina is a good girl, Medo," Iggy said, "But she went through a lot.  That's part of why she is here.   A number of the girls here are here for the same reason."
"I never did learn how they were chosen," Medo said, "Care to impart some of that wisdom?"
"Most of them have been abused in some way," Iggy told him, "Almost all of them cannot handle a normal relationship, many with a psychological detachment or inability to handle true love."
"So why do they choose to do this?" Medo wondered.
"We aren't a threat," Iggy said, "They have each other to watch out for and they take care of us.  We always treat them with respect and they know they can have physical pleasure with us without the long-term baggage.  It keeps us both sane."
"So how did you end up with your beloved?" Medo asked him, "If the women who come here are all like that, how did you break the mold?"
"Sometimes things work like that," Iggy said, "She had gone through some horrendous things, but we just clicked somehow.  Once we'd discovered each other we never once had the urge to be with anyone else."
"Sounds nice," Medo sighed, "I guess Massy never found anything like that."
"Nope," Iggy nodded, "But even he has his favorites.   So will you.  Whether Marina will continue to be that favorite, who knows?  Things will change.  You will change.  That's the nature of the world, Medo."
"So that is why she at times appears to be a little cold," Medo said, "Because of what has happened to her?"
"That's it," Iggy nodded, "The psych people could probably make some more sense out of it for you, but it is essentially emotional detachment."
"I don't know how we're expected to live like this," Medo said, voicing the same thing he'd thought over and over.
"You mean this is living?" Iggy asked him.
"Point," Medo chuckled.
"When you're actually working as Mullinix you don't have time for anything more involving," Iggy said honestly, "I never got to spend as much time as I would have liked with her."
"Great," Medo said, "With that, I think I'm going to take a hot shower and try to work out these joints."
"Word of advice, Medo," Iggy told him, "Don't get too attached to anyone while in this job.  You will not have time to make it work."
"I'll remember that," Medo nodded, "Anything else?"
"Yeah," Iggy grinned, "Take it easy at night for a few days like I said and you'll get to beat Simon roundly, because you know he won't."
"Might be worth it in itself," Medo laughed as he headed inside, "Take it easy, Iggy."
Iggy sighed as he watched the young man go inside.  He knew it was a lonely existence being a Mullinix and that Medoferro was taking to it faster and better than either he or Massimaferro ever hoped.  That didn't mean he liked having to do it to the young man.  He just hoped that Medo managed to keep some perspective through the process, perspective that he could have used at that age.

Chapter 34 - A Night at the Pub

"Tomorrow is the big day," Simon said, "The old man gets three days to belittle and beat on me."
"You're just annoyed that I've beaten the pants off you two days in a row," Medo chuckled, "He isn't really that bad."
"Don't remind me," Simon groaned, "Not only are you doing better at the strategy games but you've clobbered me in self defense.  What type of drugs are you taking?"
"None," Medo grinned, "I've just been having Marina go lighter on me and finish earlier.  That way I actually get some sleep."
"Damn man," Simon chuckled, "You have more self control than I do."
"I noticed that," Medo snickered, "Good thing you won't be here all the time."
"Don't remind me," Simon said, "Looks like the Siraq trip is going to happen in a month or so.  Roland told me that I'll be going with him then so I could learn ambassadorial duties."
"I will give this place credit," Medo said, "It really does make time go fast.   Wasn't it like yesterday that I brought you in?"
"It's been nearly a month," Simon said, "You're right, it doesn't feel like it."
"We need to get out of this unreal place for a while," Medo said, "When is the last time we saw Miranda and Stacy?"
"Not for a while," Simon said, "They came up for dinner on the last off day."
"Think we can manage to get a release?" Medo wondered aloud.
"Never know unless we try," Simon shrugged, "I'm up for it if you are."
"Iggy or Massy?" Medo wondered.
"Massy," Simon grinned, "Definitely.   He'll be more sympathetic."
"Let's go, my friend," Medo said, "Our night at the pub awaits…"
They found Massimaferro getting ready for a poker game with a few of the higher ranking people in the city, a game he'd intended to invite Simon and Medo to, but had never gotten the chance to do so.   Marianna was in the room with him, giving him a massage to help make up for being in the throne all day long.
"Hello boys," Massy said, smiling, "I see you two are through being beaten on this week."
"The old guy knows his stuff," Simon said, "But damn, does he have to be so rough about it?"
"Better a few…" Massy started.
"Bruises now than a blade in the ribs later," Medo finished, "Yes, yes, we know.  We want to do something to forget about the massive beating we've been taking."
"You're welcome to join in the card game," Massimaferro said, "Should be entertaining…"
"No, no, no," Simon said, moving to one side of the big man while Medo took the other, "We want out of this large museum for a few hours, to be like normal students again for a while."
"Without the bad food, of course," Medo put in quickly, knowing Massy's sense of humor.
"And just what do you have in mind?" Massy asked them.
"Sweet ale and company down at the pub," Simon said, "With people other than the ones we see here every day."
"I guess I don't have to say how dangerous that is," Massy sighed, knowing that they knew already.
"Life without risk is a life without meaning," Medo grinned, throwing one of the old man's favorite cliché's, "What good am I going to do if I don't taste life once in a while?"
"Who are you meeting and where?" Massimafero asked him, knowing it was useless to fight it.
"Probably Miranda and Stacy," Simon shrugged, "The most important part is getting out."
"Suvorov and five of his men need to follow you," Massy said, "We can't compromise on that."
"Fine," Medo agreed, "Suvorov can go as a patron, sitting near us.   The rest go in plainclothes as well."
"Fine," Massy sighed, "Get Suvorov and his people and go before Insegniferro can stop you."
"I think that means we'd better split, man," Simon grinned.
"Let's go," Medo said as they both stood up and split.
Massimaferro watched them go and looked over at Marianna, who had a slightly worried look on her face.   He smiled at her and patted her shoulder slightly, tossing her light brown hair a little.
"Don't worry," Massy said, "I expected something like this to happen again.  Suvorov's crew is only going to be the front line.  Iggy and I talked about it weeks ago.  Suvorov knows what to do."
Suvorov was sitting in his quarters pondering the bottle of whiskey that was sitting in front of him.   He knew he needed to quit, but his addiction was starting to get the most of him.  He was about to crack open the top of the bottle when Medoferro and Simon came in.
"Still drinking that vile stuff, Rav?" Medo asked him.
"What of it?" Suvorov asked, then realized who it was, "Shit, Medo…"
"Relax," Medo grinned, "I'll buy you a pint at the pub if you can get five people for plainclothes duty."
"You got Massimaferro to agree to this?" Suvorov asked him.
"You bet," Simon grinned, "With a little blackmail involved of course."
"All right," Suvorov nodded, glad to have something to do, "I'm sure I can find five people.   Meet me in the lobby in twenty minutes?"
"Make it thirty," Medo said, "We're going over to the school and see if we can liberate Stacy and Miranda."
It was more like three quarters of an hour before everyone convened in the lobby of the palace.  The guards were a motley mix of the off duty ones wanting a little bit of excitement.  
"Ok," Stacy said, "We're here.  Now where are we going?"
"I thought that the place where we started would be a good place," Medo said, "Think we can get away with a back booth there?"
"There's a back room area for people who don't want much public," Suvorov remembered from when he was a regular there, "I'm sure we could get it if we head there now."
"Let's go," Simon said, "Let's rock and roll."
They went as a group, walking quickly towards the pub. Medo and Simon were wearing civilian clothes, rather shabby versions of them so that it would be less likely that they'd be easily recognized.  All of Suvorov's men were equally dressed and knew enough about the situation to make things look like a group of friends going to the pub instead of a group of guards.
"I can't believe you got them to agree to this," Stacy chuckled, "How did you do it?"
"Threat of open revolt?" Simon joked.
"We told him we were going," Medo grinned, "He didn't seem to have too much of a problem with it."
"With as bad as Cirrus has been getting it is no wonder," Miranda said, "I've been reading the news reports from that area."
"They've been giving everyone headaches," Medo nodded, "Iggy has been handling afternoon sessions while Massy tries to get a handle on that mess."
"What do they have you two doing in the afternoons?" Stacy asked, "Still have the old man beating on you?"
"We're trying not to think about that right now," Simon grinned, "I'm personally thinking about the sweet ale we'll be drinking at the pub."
The guards went in first, heading for the back area and taking places where they could see the back table area.  Medo, Stacy, Simon, Miranda and Suvorov slipped into the back and took a table, sitting so that Stacy and Rav were in the back and able to watch out.  This had the added effect that Medo and Simon were facing the back wall and couldn't be recognized as easily.
"I realize that this is going to be a step down in fun and food…" Miranda started, smiling slyly at Medo and Simon.
"I'm sure we'll manage," Simon grinned, "Good food can only go so far…"
Stacy laughed and tossed a pretzel across the table at him.  Miranda and Medo began talking about happenings in the school and the world when the waitress came over to take the orders.   Medo tensed a little bit, hoping that he didn't get recognized.
"All right," the harried waitress said, "What can I get for you all tonight?"
"Sweet ale all around," Simon said, taking the attention from Medo, "I'll buy the first round tonight."
"Sounds like a plan to me," Suvorov said, "Bring a bottle of whiskey as well."
"Any food for you?" the woman said, still not looking over.
"I'm up for anything," Medo shrugged.
"Breaded onion roll loaf?" Stacy suggested.
"Yeah!" Simon exclaimed, "My older brother used to rave about that…"
"Sounds like a plan to me," Miranda shrugged, "I just hope they have mints here…"
The conversation flowed with the sweet ale and the food.  It was a definite change for Medo and Simon, as they were getting used to the atmosphere at the palace, which, while often fun, could be a little bit oppressive at times.  There was little respite from the pressure of learning how to be a ruler, despite the efforts of the house staff.
Stacy and Miranda treated them like real people, which was a breath of fresh air for both of them.  Even Simon, who really loved the life in the palace, found a lot of enjoyment being around regular people again.  Suvorov was the only one who didn't look as though he was having a particularly good time, but he was getting to the point where he always looked that way.
"So Simon," Stacy said, the ale hitting a bit harder than it did the time before and feeling like talking, "How are you liking life in the unreal kingdom?"
"Unreal kingdom?" Simon asked her, "What do you mean by that?"
"That's what the secret guard calls the palace," Stacy grinned, "The amount of shit that they have to put up with is insane.  I'm rather glad I'm the peon I am."
"Especially since this is ranking pretty much as a vacation," Simon chuckled, "Right?"
"How do you figure that?" Stacy wondered.
"The odds of us needing another Mullinix anytime soon are slim to none," Simon told her, "What with Massy and Iggy both being on the young side of Mullinix and Medo being a fresh pick."
"I'll take what I can get," Stacy grinned, "Seeing that Rav here is now on Mullinix guard."
"How did you end up with that, anyway?" Medo asked Suvorov, "I thought you wanted back onto the lines."
"I did," Suvorov grumbled, "But they don't want me back down there right now.  I made some mistakes last time and they figured I'd be a safer bet here."
"I told you, Rav," Stacy said, "You really need to lay off the sauce a bit."
"Fuck it," Suvorov grunted and drained his glass, filling it again, "I didn't listen to my parents and I don't have to listen to anyone else either."
"Nice attitude," Miranda noted, "You must be a gem at parties, Rav."
Rav ignored the younger woman, a sentiment which pretty much everyone at the table was about to share about him.  Simon and Stacy continued their conversation, moving into a discussion about self defense tactics now that Simon was learning a lot from the old man.
"How about you, Medo?" Miranda asked him, "How are you handling it?"
"To be honest I haven't felt all that much of the burden yet," Medo admitted, "Still learning a lot, but I haven't started sitting in on cases yet.  That starts after we finish our self defense training."
"I'll have to come up and watch session with you there," Miranda grinned, "That should be interesting."
"Not really," Medo said, "Both Iggy and Massy claim that watching session is about as much fun as watching paint dry."
"Beats our classes," Miranda chuckled, "I'm glad the civics end of it is most of the way over.  I'm looking forward to next session."
"What are you going to be doing?" Medo asked her, "Clerking?"
"I'll be interning with my sister," Miranda said, "Back to the village and learning Medicine.  I'll probably be the second Medico there."
"Now that's nice," Medo nodded, "Going to train with your sister?"
"She was fifteen when I was born," Miranda said, "I was a late life baby for my parents.  So by the time I actually really got to know my sister she was already in training to be the new Medico for our village."
"Which village are you from again?" Medo asked her, drinking down some more sweet ale.
"It doesn't really have a name," Miranda said, "It's a small place about twenty-five miles or so northeast of Skolnik.  Pretty much right on the Siraqi Border."
"I know the area you mean," Medo nodded, "Isn't there a big market that happens right outside of the village proper a few times a month?"
"Yes!" Miranda exclaimed, "The international swap meet. People come from Siraq and oftentimes Serenia to trade there.   It's out of the way, but traders come from all over."
"If I remember correctly it is held there to keep the security problems out of Skolnik proper," Medo said, "There was someone there who made the best pastries, best I've ever had, though I won't tell that to the cooks here at the Palace…   A tall red-haired woman made them…"
"My mother is tall and red-haired," Miranda grinned, "You were getting pastries from her, most likely.  She's been baking there for thirty years."
"Ooh…" Medo beamed, "You're going to have to introduce me someday.  Maybe when we go to the trade talks with Siraq in a month or so."
"I'll be heading home soon after you go there," Miranda smiled, "I'd love to see you then."
"Sounds like a plan," Medo said, "You know, there's music going on and none of us have danced yet…"
"That place really is having an effect on you," Miranda chuckled, "The first time we were here Simon had to drag you over just to talk to us."
"My worst fears were confirmed," Medo grinned, "What more do I have to lose?"
"Well you still need to ask," Miranda teased.
"Would you like to dance with me, Miranda?" Medo grinned.
"I'd love to," Miranda smiled, standing up and offering an arm to Medoferro, "Let's go!"
Medo and Miranda went out and started dancing to the live band that was playing a bunch of old and fast songs.  Simon and Stacy watched them while they danced up a storm.  
"Look at them go," Stacy said, "Who would have thought that Medo would have been that good a dancer?"
"You've never seen him in defense training," Simon told her, "For someone who has never really done anything athletic, he's doing pretty well at that too."
"How about you?" Stacy asked him, "You doing well with it?"
"Not as good as he is," Simon chuckled, "I'm not looking forward to the next few days.  The old man is going to have my head on a plate."
"It can't be that bad," Stacy said, "So you're going in for intensive training?"
"Yeah," Simon nodded, "Three days at the old man's place.  Not sure what we will learn but I know it's going to be a long session."
"Well," Stacy said, smiling at him, "If it is going to be such a long period of privation, maybe you would like to join me on the dance floor."
"I thought you didn't even like me," Simon said, surprised by this.
"I've had enough ale to see past that," Stacy giggled, "One time offer, Sutcliffe."
"Let's go," Simon grinned, "You know me, a sucker for a pretty face."
They left Rav sitting drinking at the table while they went and joined Medo and Miranda on the dance floor.  It was a sight to see, even though nobody recognized any of them.  They lasted nearly an hour before they collapsed back into the chairs at the table.
"Good God," Miranda laughed as she sat down, "I don't think I've ever danced like that."
"You two were like banshees," Stacy said, "You dance well together."
"Remind me to thank the old man, Simon," Medo said, "Without that training I'd have never figured that out."
"You may want to think twice about that," Simon laughed, "Considering how bad he will be kicking our asses for the next few days."
"I don't get that," Miranda said, "Why is he going to take you for several days?"
"Massy said it was for exhaustive training," Medo shrugged, "We'll find out when we get there I guess."
"Man," Simon said, looking at Suvorov, "Look at him.  We're better off defending ourselves than he would be."
Rav Suvorov was pretty much out cold, drunk out of his mind.  He'd finished the bottle of whiskey he'd ordered and a few additional glasses after that.   Stacy sighed and looked at the man she'd gone through civil service training with.  Medo saw the look in her eyes and wondered what she knew.
"Why does he do this to himself, Stacy?" Medo asked her, "You obviously know him."
"He and I were in service center together," Stacy said, "We were friends, but not overly close until we both were chosen for secret police training.  We went through training and spent most of our service period up in the northeast provinces."
"I note you say most," Medo nodded, "When did that change?"
"He was sent down to Cirrus like most of the men were," Stacy said, "That disputed area is still a hell hole.  I didn't hear from him again until he was injured, about two years ago now."
"What happened?" Miranda asked her.
"I don't know," Stacy sighed, "I could never get it out of him and the commanders said it wasn't their place to say."
"And he was like this when he came back?" Simon wondered, "A complete drunken asshole?"
"He hit the bottle and has yet to come out," Stacy nodded, "They threw him in with you because they figured he couldn't screw that up."
"He did well enough that they figured he'd be good enough for security," Medo nodded, "They may not tell you what happened, but they'll sure as hell tell me."
"Might be a good idea," Stacy nodded, "I'd like to see if we can help him."
"It's getting late," Miranda said, "We'll get another mark if we come in too late."
"Yeah," Medo nodded, "It's time to go."
"Come on, drunken master," Simon said, poking Suvorov, "It's time to stumble home."
The rest of the guards, all of whom were actually still sober, saw the signal to leave and slipped out when Medo, Simon and the girls did.  Two of them came up and took their boss's weight away from them, leaving the other two to stand up with Medo and Simon.
"Let's get you home first," Medo said, "I don't want to leave you alone out there."
"Thanks," Miranda chuckled, "But I think we'll survive."
"It's on the way," Medo protested, "And we need to sober sleeping beauty up a little before we get home."
"Works for me," Stacy chuckled, "Lesson number #24, never ever refuse when two reasonably attractive men offer to walk you home."
"Great logic as far as I'm concerned," Simon grinned and offered Stacy an arm.
"I bow to the logic of my elders," Miranda laughed, "Shall we go?"
They walked and chatted, but Medo noticed something in the background.  It wasn't quite a solid feeling, but he had an impression that they were being watched.  The feeling continued as they walked into the compound and approached the building that the women lived in.
"If you survive your days with the old man give us a ring," Stacy said, "This has been a whole lot of fun."
"But of course, my lady," Simon said, bowing and kissing Stacy's hand, "Your wish is but our command…"
"Uh…" Medo said, watching his friend and cocking an eyebrow, "Since when did you become gallant?"
"Shut up," Simon grinned, "Let me ply the Sutcliffe charm, eh?"
"The same charm that has laid you up every day from overindulgence?" Miranda asked him, remembering some of what she and Medo had talked about earlier.
"I think it's wonderful," Stacy laughed, "Feel free to ply the charm on anytime, Simon."
"We'll get in contact after we get back," Medo promised, "Provided the old man doesn't kill us in the process."
"We'll see you later," Miranda promised, "Count on it."
She beamed them a smile that made Medo almost forget about the feeling that he'd had on the way over.  They went out towards the palace and the feeling came back to them, pretty well in spades.
"Simon," Medoferro said as he looked around, "Do you get the feeling we're being watched?"
"I've had too much to drink man," Simon chuckled, "You probably have too; you are getting paranoid.  Need to get home and have Marina put you to bed."
"I don't think so," Medo said, straining his eyes in the dark, "There's something moving out there." 
The guards perked up, knowing that they'd better check into what Medo was thinking.  Suddenly, Medo's young eyes picked out what had been bugging him.   There was someone hiding behind a tree.  Medo pointed it out and two of the guards went for the motion.  The two that were holding on to Suvorov unceremoniously dropped him and went over to their charges.
There was a little bit of a scuffle, but the two guards that went behind the tree dragged another man out.  Two more came out of the woodwork, raising their hands and making sure that they didn't appear threatening.  Medo and Simon thought that they looked familiar, but it wasn't until one of the guards started talking that it started to fall into place.
"Robin?" one of the guards said, "What the hell are you doing here?"
"You know them?" Medo asked.
"Massimaferro sent us out," the captured man said, "He wanted double security on you."
"Well thanks all to hell for telling us," Medo seethed, "Where is Massy now?"
"Probably in his card game," Simon said, "He was having a big one tonight, remember?"
"I think we need to have a talk with him," Medo said, "How about you?"
"Yes," Simon agreed, "I think so."
There was silence as they all headed back to the palace.  Both Medo and Simon were steamed at the fact that Massimaferro had gone behind their backs.  Once they got back onto the palace grounds they went straight for the common area, which was where the card games were taking place.  Massimaferro saw the fire in their eyes and knew this wasn't going to be good.
"Excuse me for a few minutes, will you?" Massimaferro said to his fellow players, "Go ahead and deal around me, my hand is bad and I'll fold."
Massimaferro walked over to talk to the young men and tried to figure out just what had raised their ire so much.
"Night didn't go well, boys?" Massy asked them, "You don't look happy."
"Night went fine, Massy," Medo said, taking the lead, "What didn't go fine was the walk home.   Why the hell didn't you tell us you were assigning extra guards?"
"Because you didn't need to know," Massy said, "What happened?"
"I noticed one," Medo seethed, "I don't mind the security.  After the incident at the lake I see the need for it.  I don't like the fact that you didn't trust us enough to tell us."
"Ok," Massy acquiesced, "I should have told you.   Fact is that I was worried more about Suvorov than you two.   He's proving to be as much of a fuckup as his record indicates."
"We need to talk to you on that one too," Simon told him, remembering the conversation with Stacy, "We want to see his records.  Something happened to him down in Cirrus to cause this.  Stacy said that he wasn't like this before then."
"Did Stacy go to her superior about it?" Massy asked him.
"Her superiors said that it was none of her business," Medo said, "Something that doesn't sound right to me.   Mind if we look into it?"
"Go ahead," Massy said, cocking an eye at that one, "They actually told her that?"
"That's what Stacy said," Medo told him, "I don't think she'd have any reason to lie about it now."
"That's against policy," Massy said, "They are supposed to have an open door.  Maybe something is going on down there.  Paulus sent a wire a few days ago that something strange was going on down in that region."
"Enough to stop us from going to spend three days with the old man?" Simon asked hopefully.
"Nope," Massy said, "That is paramount.   Don't worry too much.  It won't be too bad and I'll be there for it as well as a refresher."
"You?" Medo said, "Who is going to do session?"
"Iggy will be," Massy shrugged, "He knows how and will be doing it when we go to Siraq as well."
"I'm going with you then?" Medo asked him, "I knew that Simon would be going with Roland for it."
"That's the plan," Massy nodded, "It's been several years since either Iggy or I made a public tour because of Cirrus and because Taliaferro was so fragile.  So I figured that I'd get you the hell out of this place for a while and we'd tour around so you could see some of the country you will be ruling."
"Just so long as one of our stops is a border village near Siraq," Medo grinned, "I found out that Miranda's mother makes the heavenly pastries up there…"
"We'll talk about it when we set the itinerary," Massimaferro promised, "I'm sorry I didn't tell you boys, I just didn't want to give you the opportunity to refuse."
"Just don't do that to us again," Simon asked, "If you want extra security, tell us so Medo doesn't jump out of his skin again, eh?"
"I should have known it was you," Massy nodded at Medo, "The old man says you're one of the best he's had in a while."
"Ok," Medo said, rubbing his head, "I think I will go to sleep so I'm not a Zombie tomorrow."
"Good plan," Massy nodded, "I suggest you do the same tonight, Simon.   Sascha can sleep alone for once."
"I guess I should try it," Simon said, "Night guys."
The boys left, somewhat placated but not completely.   Massimaferro sighed and remembered the days of his youth, thinking that he was indestructible.  He still had the scars from an attempt that came too close to him twenty-five years before.   He just hoped that Medo and Simon wouldn't have to learn the same way.

Chapter 35 - The Power of Self

Medoferro and Simon were tired after their first six hours of intensive training.  The old man had been working them relentlessly and they both had about as much energy remaining as a dead battery.  They, along with Massimaferro, were sitting on the couch in the old man's living room trying to get enough energy to move again.
"Good gods," Simon gasped, "He's trying to kill us and it is just the first day!"
"At least Massy looks as bad as we do," Medo chuckled weakly, "Finding that you're not as young as you used to be, Massy?"
"That's part of it," Massy nodded, "This is a bitch no matter how old you are.  You're learning a lot though."
"That's true," Simon said, "If we survive."
"You will survive," the old man said, walking into the room looking fresh as a daisy, "You young people need to learn that a good workout will not kill you."
"How do you do it?" Medo asked him, "You're pretty much older than all of us put together, or close to it.   Yet you've wiped the floor with us."
"It's all in the mind, young Medoferro," the old man said, smiling, "But there is another reason for this."
"The same thing you tried to train me for years ago?" Massy asked him, "The manipulation of worldly power?"
"Exactly," the old man nodded, "You never had the talent for it, Massimaferro.  I think Medoferro does, as Taliaferro did.  Simon may have a touch of the talent too."
"What talent is this?" Medo asked, "Worldly power?"
"I think I've heard of it," Simon said, "Something I read years ago.  Something about being able to bend the enhanced magnetic field that occurred after the great wars that changed the planet."
"Exactly," the old man said, "That is pretty much what it is, but it can be a whole lot more than that.  It is a type of power, power that can do many things."
"This is something I need to see," Medoferro said, "What can be done with it?"
"There are many things that can be done with it," the old man said, "It can aid you in keeping moving, it can aid in self defense, it can do many little tasks if you only learn to manipulate it properly."
The old man stood up and did a rather artistic move with his arms, coming up with a raised palm.  Above the palm was a brightly colored ball of light, bright enough to make Simon, Medoferro and Massimaferro shield their eyes a little.  The old man smiled, manipulated the ball a little and then threw the ball of light at the fireplace, which ignited the wood he'd stacked in there.
"Gods!" Massimaferro exclaimed, "You never showed me that before!"
"No need to," the old man shrugged, "You didn't have the talent, so there was no reason to disappoint you."
"So you're saying we do?" Medo said, "How come this isn't more prevalent?"
"The talent is rare," the old man said, "I've known about ten people who could do it, only four of which could do it well."
"Where did Taliaferro fall in that?" Massy wondered, not knowing his old mentor knew about this stuff.
"He learned from the same one who taught me," the old man said, "My teacher, many years ago, thought that if Taliaferro hadn't been a Mullinix he would have been the foremost teacher of our art for his time."
"He never said a word," Massy said, still a little surprised, "Probably because of Insegniferro.   He grew up in the south where they have a lot of prejudices on that stuff."
"It was his way to keep quiet," the old man continued, "But he was good. It was probably one of the reasons he lived as long as he did with the stress he was constantly under."
"Does it help with that?" Medo asked, "Stress and tiredness?"
"It can," the old man said, "If you practice well it can be the answer to many problems in your jobs."
"So why did you tire us out before telling us this?" Simon wondered, "So we wouldn't be able to laugh?"
"No," the old man said, "The fatigue actually makes this easier to teach.  That's why I wanted you here, Massimaferro.  You were one of the best workout masters I ever had.  I am getting old.  One of you I can tire out, but not both.  I've been drawing more and more on the power to keep going."
"So where does this power come from?" Medo asked, "I mean I don't see anything different about you."
"Sit down and lean back," the old man said, "This is the part that can't be done to just anyone.  If you say how to do it, it doesn't take properly.  The power is something that has to be shown."
Medoferro did as he was told, laying backwards and closing his eyes.  He was so tired that he didn't much care what was done as long as he got to rest for a while.  Simon and Massimaferro watched as the old man went behind the couch and put his old hands on Medoferro's head.
The next thing Medoferro knew he felt something passing into him.  The others were worried as they saw the old man's hands go bright, as did Medoferro's head.  It was slightly painful, but Medo was too tired to care.  He let the force do what it needed to do in his brain, writing the instructions needed for the manipulation.  It was nearly an hour before the light died down and Medo passed out completely.
"You killed him!" Simon exclaimed as he saw Medo go limp.
"He's still breathing," Massy said, "What did you do to him?"
"Merely let the magnetic force teach his brain how to handle it," the old man said, "The same way the ancient one taught it to me."
"The ancient one?" Massy asked, "Who would that be?"
"He's a man older than any of us can fathom," the old man said, "He and his friends tend to show up when bad things are going to happen, so pray that you never need to meet him directly."
"I'll remember that," Massy said, not quite sure how to think about it, "How long is he going to be out?"
"Five or six hours," the old man said, "Simon, you should probably do it now so that both of you come back around the same time."
"Can't it wait 'til tomorrow?" Simon asked him, "I'm tired as hell."
"That's why we do it now," the old man informed him, "A tired body can't fight the training.   It is much less painful to do it while tired."
 "Get it over with," Massy suggested, "Then we can figure out what to do next tomorrow."
"All right," Simon sighed and laid back, "Do your worst…"
The old man did just that, going through much the same process he did with Medoferro.  Simon's brain wasn't as receptive to the training, however, and it showed with the flickering of the light.  Massimaferro was slightly worried that this might do some damage, but he had confidence in his old teacher.  It was well over an hour before the old man finished and nearly fell down himself.
"Come on, sit down," Massy said, "You look like hell."
"I'm not as young as I used to be," the old man sighed, "Simon has a thick skull so the training didn't want to take.  He'll never be as good at it as Medoferro will be."
"How much use will it be?" Massy asked, "What will it tell him?"
"It will give him insights," the old man said, "Allow him to do things with power and knowledge that you and that narrow-minded elder can only dream of.  Didn't you ever wonder how Taliaferro could tell for sure who was lying to him and who wasn't?"
"You can use magnetic fields for that?" Massimaferro asked, surprised, "How?"
"It's a mental manipulation," the old man said, "The brain gives off waves that interact with the fields.  When you know how to manipulate the fields you can understand how the interactions happen and you can interpret them."
"Sounds like a lot of mumbo jumbo to me," Massy said, "I take it we're going to test this?"
"That's what the remaining time will be spent doing," the old man confirmed, "Showing them control and teaching them a bit on the ethics of it."
"So what do we do now?" Massimaferro asked him.
"Kick back and watch a photoplay?" the old man shrugged, "They'll be out until late this evening.  I need to relax for a while."
"Works for me," Massimaferro said, "Should we move them?"
"Better not to," the old man said, "They'll hurt enough when they wake up and this is the most shielded room in the house, so they'll be safest here until I can teach them more."

Chapter 36 - The Headaches That Result

Medoferro and Simon woke up after a long bout of unconsciousness and then went right back to sleep, finally waking up fully about the time of dawn.  The old man was awake by then and was not surprised at all to see that Medoferro was waking up first, considering how hard the process had been on Simon.
"Just what the hell did you do to me old man?" Medo exclaimed as he sat up and rubbed his head, "I haven't had a headache this bad since the first time I got into my parents' liquor cabinet."
"I used the power to teach your mind how to recognize it properly," the old man informed him, "You had the talent, but not the knowledge.   To gain the knowledge on your own would take more time than I had to teach you or that you had to spare."
"So you pretty well shoveled it in," Medo said, "Is that why we had to be so tired?"
"Yes," the old man nodded, actually smiling, "I've seen it tried on someone who was completely rested.   It wasn't pretty.  The poor boy had reaction sickness for a week and it never did work right.  It even managed to knock the ancient one on his rear, something that I'd never seen."
"The ancient one?" Medo wondered.
"A man older than this world itself," the old man said, "He is a good man though, has developed many of these techniques and has always used them for good."
"Will I ever meet him?" Medo asked the old man.
"I sincerely hope not," the old man told him, "For if you do, it means that something bad is coming down the line for you.  When trouble comes, he usually is there."
"I guess I'll pray we never meet," Medo nodded, "How much longer is Simon going to sleep do you think?"
"A while," the old man said, "He doesn't have the talent as smoothly as you do.  He took the training, but it will never be as useful for him.  Sort of like the difference between a machete and a carving knife."
"A machete can be useful in the right hands," Medo shrugged, "So I'll be able to throw power balls and things like that, eh?"
"I wouldn't recommend doing that in polite company," the old man told him, "But I remember seeing Taliaferro do it a few times when he was young to get the attention of people making a mess of his session chamber."
"So what do we do now?" Medo wondered.
"Let's try some of this knowledge," the old man said, "In the stone room, so you won't damage anything."
They walked into a bare room behind the old stone building that the old man owned.  There wasn't a scrap of wood in the room and Medo detected a faint glow around it that he now was able to recognize as a shield created by warping the buildings natural magnetic fields.
"Examine the shields closely," the old man said, "You will never see anything of this type again.  The ancient one created them for me to teach in when I was younger.  I've yet to be able to duplicate them myself, probably won't live long enough to try."
"So this room is shielded for practice," Medo said, "The forces can't travel past the shield?"
"Throw a power ball at the target on the wall and let your mind see the results," the old man suggested, "This is the safest place you'll ever use a power ball."
Medo looked into his mind and found the odd knowledge that told him how to do this.  The information had been practically spoon fed into his mind, giving him the basics of using the power and how to do basic operations like forming it into a ball and throwing it.   He massed the power in his hands, drawing it from his surroundings, and threw it at the target on the wall, getting a perfect bull's-eye with it, scorching the target and dissipating into the shields.
"Whoa," Medo said, "If only I'd had this at the lake!"
"Another thing you should be able to do is form a personal shield," the old man said, "Think fast!"
Before Medo really saw what he was doing the old man had a power ball in his hand and it was flying at his head.  He instinctively reached into his mind and created a shield that was about twenty times too powerful for what was needed.  The power ball fizzled out, but took a lot of Medo's energy with it. That was the one problem with learning the way Medo did.  You could force the mechanics, but control had to be learned. 
"What was that?" Medo exclaimed.
"Reflex test," the old man said, "I wanted to see if you'd be able to make the shield."
"You could have killed me!" Medo yelled, and then threw a similar ball back at him, "How do you like it?"
The old man caught the ball and kept it glowing.  He grinned at Medo and tossed it up in the air, letting it settle a little before he released the power into the shields.  Medo shook his head and watched.
"I knew your shields would come up," the old man told Medo, "And the ball I sent was all flash, no bang.  Here," the old man made one and tossed it lightly to Medoferro, "It's warm but no real problem.  Had you failed you would have gotten a slight flash burn to the chest, nothing more."
"This is scary," Medo said, "I can see the point for defense though.  With this I will never be defenseless."
"Exactly," the old man nodded, "If you keep practicing you will do well with it.  There are limitations on it, however.  Power is not unlimited and if you exert it too much you will give yourself a nasty headache."
"I am starting the edge of one already," Medo said, "Probably from the powerful one I threw at you and the wall."
"Relax a little," the old man suggested, "Let the power refill you a bit."
Medoferro did what he was told and felt a lot better, though it was no complete cure.  He let the power charge him a little and felt his body relax as it accustomed itself to the forces.
"Excellent," the old man said, "When you need an extra boost in an emergency, you can use this to keep you going.  Taliaferro did it when he was younger quite often, especially during the great floods during the first year of his rule.  Just be sure to get a lot of sleep when it is done."
"You said that you could use this to detect if someone is lying?" Medo asked him, "In this job, that's the one thing I want the most."
"You can get a heightened indication," the old man agreed, "If Massimaferro is awake we can try it on him."
Massimaferro was definitely awake and came to the shielded room when asked.  He enjoyed being able to sleep for a while without the responsibilities of rule upon him.  The old man seated Massimaferro in a chair about ten feet away from Medoferro and had them face each other.
"So what no good are you up to?" Massy asked them, "How is your head, Medo?"
"Still sore," Medo shrugged, "Getting better though."
"I'm trying to teach him truth detection," the old man explained, "Mind being a guinea pig for it?"
"Sure," Massy said, "I'm game."
"Medo," the old man said, "I want you to look at Massy, but use your mind to pull in the waves around him.   See how the waves interact with him and swirl around his head?"
Massimaferro was beginning to feel self-conscious, but realized there was little he could do.  This was a power that he couldn't begin to understand, which is why he had never been taught it.  Medo saw it, but didn't quite get the meanings of it yet.
"I see," Medo said, "But it doesn't make any sense."
"That's because he's letting his mind wander," the old man said, "When he starts talking or thinking the waves will become a bit more coherent."
"Ok," Massimaferro chuckled, "How about I start by saying I think you two are nuttier than fruitcakes?"
Medoferro saw the waves go around his head in a different pattern then.  The old man stayed quiet as he let Medo get used to what he was seeing.  Medo could quickly tell which waves were random and which ones weren't.
"Getting the hang of his mind?" the old man asked Medo.
"I doubt it," Massy quipped.
"A bit," Medo agreed, "So how do I use this to detect truth?"
"Massy," the old man said, "I want you to say three true facts and then make up an outrageous lie about yourself."
"Ok," Massimaferro said, shaking his head, "I am 48 years of age.   I am the Mullinix.  I think this is silly.   Medoferro has sex with goats."
Medo chuckled, but noticed the way that the magnetic waves changed during the last statement.  He was surprised it was that obvious, but then this was an obvious lie.  He figured that it would be more difficult to judge smaller lies.  The old man smiled and guessed that Medo was wondering about it.
"It isn't a cure all in that department," the old man told him, "But it is an indicator that you wouldn't have had otherwise.  Sometimes it will give you readings."
"I know it isn't a good idea," Medo said, "But is it possible for the power to manipulate minds?"
"Not really," the old man said, "The human brain is a complex organism.  The only reason I could do that to you and Simon was that you both have the talent for it.  It took a concerted effort and knowledge of what I was doing.  For all the use and power it brings; it can do little directly to a mind other than scorch it."
"I'm sure there are people it won't work on," Massimaferro said, "Psychopaths for one."
"That is true," the old man nodded, "If they truly believe it is the truth, yet it isn't, you won't be able to tell.  This is a guide, nothing more."
"I just wish I could practice it before I have to use it," Medo said wistfully.
"You'll have plenty of opportunities," Massy grinned, "You start taking sessions with me this week.  If you get good at it, I may use your abilities."
"It will be a good way to learn at any rate," the old man nodded, "We still need to work on your control a little though.  I want you to be able to create a shield for yourself without it being a conscious effort and without draining yourself to do it."
Simon walked into the room, still looking a bit dazed from what had happened to him the night before.  He was glowing a little, a sure sign that he hadn't quite taken the lessons on power as well as Medoferro did.  Medo looked at the power radiating from him and looked worried at the old man.
"Wooo," Medo said as he looked at his friend, "You're glowing like nobody's business, Simon."
"I can even see it," Massimaferro said, "Is this normal?"
"What are you talking about?" Simon asked them, "I just woke up…"
"There were a few more problems with you," the old man said, "We will have to spend some time teaching you dispersal and control."
"Just so long as I stop glowing before we go home," Simon said amicably, "I don't think I'll be much good as an agent if I glow all the time."
"I think we can do something about that," The old man said, "I want you to visualize the power going into a ball and throw it at Medo…"

Chapter 37 - Back to Cirrus

Paulus and Tolando looked around the area, still trying to get a handle on what they've been seeing.  There was no outright rebellion going on, but there was such a massive feeling of defeat covering the area that nobody could really get anything done. They had been in the Cirrus region for over a month and had found little to get positive about.
"This is completely insane," Paulus exclaimed, "There is such a feeling of dread around here and there is no reason for it."
"Not in what they've let us see at any rate," Tolando said, "Do you get the feeling that the good Colonel isn't letting us see everything?"
"Yes," Paulus agreed, "I am getting that feeling."
"So what are we going to do?" Tolando wondered.
"Let's get out of here," Paulus said, "I want to walk the streets of the city."
"That could be dangerous," Tolando warned, "You sure about that?"
"We're not going to learn anything in here," Paulus said, "Get ready.  We're going walking."
The two men changed into civilian clothes for their foray.  Paulus wore a set of local clothing that he'd had made especially for him.   It was an iron woven fabric that was exceedingly hard to stab through and cut properly to hide dart pistols and knives.  Tolando had a similar set of clothes, though his were larger and hid more weapons.
The two men went out and used their passes to get out of the gates.  Being personal representative of the Mullinix had benefits that even the Colonel couldn't stop.  The regular troops weren't allowed off the base except for patrols, but the guards couldn't keep Paulus and his guard from going out, as they answered to Massimaferro and no one else.
The base itself was about four miles outside Cirrus City, a healthy walk by most standards.  Paulus and Tolando checked bicycles out of the base equipment pool and rode quickly around, making sure they'd lost anyone that had been following from the Colonel's staff.
"You know," Paulus said as they rode out in the sunshine, "This is actually a really pretty region."
"Too bad it is so easy to get killed down here," Tolando shrugged, "If we can ever end the problems with the Mavelans this might actually be a nice place to visit."
"The lake areas have been better," Paulus said, "I went there soon after the defection.  Beautiful scenery.   Too bad the only real roads to that area go through Cirrus City and the area where Facie's soldiers continually hit."
"Doesn't make for a great vacation spot, does it?" Tolando agreed, "So where are we going?"
"The soldiers don't seem to know anything but what the Colonel tells them," Paulus said, "I want to talk to the locals.  Thankfully, the only thing that has gone right in this area is the education system.  All the locals now speak passable Mullinix and most of the children have now grown up speaking it."
"What is our cover?" Tolando asked him.
"Reporters," Paulus shrugged, "They're supposed to ask questions."
"People down here don't like reporters," Tolando reminded him, "All the reporters in the Mavelans are government agents.  You'd be better off just leaving your position nebulous."
"Works for me," Paulus nodded, "Let's go."
The two of them rode the bicycles into town and headed over to the inn.  The buildings in Cirrus City tended to be made of wood, considering the mountain forests provided a ready and almost endless supply of wood.  The trees up there grew in a matter of a few years and the wet climate made it difficult for fires to take hold.  The main inn in Cirrus city was made of the local wood and showed many patches, mostly resulting from burning arrows and catapulted burning rocks tossed into the city by the Mavelans.
"This looks like a fun area to live," Paulus said, seeing the inn, "Every time I come here there are new groups of patches."
"They still lob stuff from the mountains," an old man on the front porch of the inn told him, "Those damned soldiers don't do a thing about it, neither."
"What else have they been doing?" Paulus asked him, "My name is Paulus Tally by the way."
"Patrick Fisher," the old man said, offering his hand, "I've lived in this city my whole damned life and I tell you things just keep getting worse here."
"It's a pretty area," Paulus said, "Didn't things get better when the Mullinix moved in?"
"In a lot of ways it did," the old man acknowledged, "Taxes went way down and we didn't have troops breathing down our necks all the time.  The Mullinix take their share, but they take from everyone equally."
"So what is the problem?" Paulus wondered.
"The Mavelans still hold the Mountains just south of the city," the old man said, "Facie is still pissed that we split and let the Mullinix in.  They constantly bombard stuff into the city and hunt down our people for sport.  Whenever their border troops are bored or hungry they make raids."
"Why don't the soldiers stop them?" Paulus asked, genuinely wondering.
"That damned Colonel doesn't want his troops getting hurt to protect us," the old man said sourly, "He doesn't seem to like us very much.  The Mullinix up north seem content to hold the status quo as long as it doesn't move us into full blown warfare."
"How many people die each year?" Paulus wondered.
"Enough," the old man said, "The army pukes come out to clean up the mess when big ones happen, but most of the time we lose a couple people.  Not enough for them to care about."
"Thank you," Paulus said, "Let's hope that somebody does something on this soon."
"I doubt it," the old man said, "The only reason we don't go back to the Mavelans is that Facie would undoubtedly either kill or conscript us all after the insult."
"That lunatic would probably do it," Paulus nodded, "See you around maybe."
Paulus and Tolando went in to the building and saw a few people sitting around.  You could tell they were locals by the fact that they were underfed and many of them appeared injured.  It was a sad place by the look of it and they weren't used to seeing unfamiliar people coming in.
"Can I help you?" the surprised man behind the desk said in halting Mullinix, "You aren't from around here, are you?"
"No sir," Paulus agreed, "Just touring around the region, ended up here."
"Boy you must be crazy," a young man said in clear Mullinix, "This place is dangerous."
"He's right," the man behind the counter said, "People end up dead around here if they aren't careful.  You sure you want to stay here?"
"It's too late to go anywhere else," Paulus shrugged, "Will I be safe enough in the Inn?"
"I could use the business," the man behind the counter shrugged, "I'm all empty right now.  Only place that does any business is the kitchen.   I'll give you a room away from the mountains, as they are the safest."
"I appreciate it," Paulus nodded, "Is there anything interesting to do in town?"
This question elicited a wave of laughter from the men sitting in the building.  Paulus looked around quizzically and wondered what was so funny about the question.  Finally, one of the men sitting there stopped laughing enough to answer.
"At night you're lucky not to get killed most of the time," the man told him, "If you have any sense you'll stay in here tonight, hope that the Mavelan soldiers don't make a full on raid on the town, and get out at first light."
"If they do make a full on raid?" Paulus asked.
"Take cover and try not to get in their way," the man suggested.
"Thanks," Paulus nodded and then looked at Tolando, who shrugged.
The man at the desk handed Paulus a key and they went up to find their room.  The building itself was in serious disrepair and showed signs of neglect as they walked up the stairs.  The room was the farthest and, as promised, was facing away from the Mountain ridges outside town.   Paulus was nearly floored by the reaction he was getting here.
"The Colonel here isn't even trying to help these people," Paulus said, "What the hell happened here?"
"I don't think things are going right," Tolando said, "I haven't even seen a public member of the guard yet."
"I know it," Paulus nodded, "I'm beginning to think that Colonel LaPorte and his idiotic staff have been bullshitting us.  Things are bad and getting worse."
"LaPorte has been setting up his own warped little empire down here," Tolando said, "His minders have been watching you like a hawk, but I got out and found that they are selling the supplies we send down here.  That son of a bitch is making a mint of this region's suffering."
"We need to get back north," Paulus said, "This is insane.   Massy, Iggy and Medo need to know this immediately."
"That could be a problem," Tolando said, "LaPorte has to know by now that we got out.  He probably suspects what we know.  We head north and we will have to do it on our own."
"What do you suggest?" Paulus asked him, curious what his guard had up his sleeve.
"Surprise LaPorte," Tolando suggested, "Massimaferro has the Siraq trip in a few weeks anyway.   There is nothing we can do immediately.  So we stay here and keep watching, just look around and let LaPorte lead us around."
"I'm still worried about that army on the other side of the mountain," Paulus frowned, "They could come across at any time."
"LaPorte isn't stupid enough to let them in," Tolando shrugged, "Is he?"
"I sincerely hope not.  In any case we'll spend a couple days here in town," Paulus said, "I want to know more about the people here and stay through a few of those raids.  We'll go back to base and talk to LaPorte after that."
"I'll follow you," Tolando nodded, "Where to now?"
"We've got a couple hours of daylight left," Paulus said, "Let's go around the few shops that are left.  I want to know just how much is being charged for things."

Chapter 38 - A Day In Court

The sessions were going fast and furious as always.  Medoferro had begun taking the customary seat for the apprentice during them, finding that they were more interesting than he originally thought they would be.  With Insegniferro also taking the elder's seat most of the time there was a full Mullinix court in session for the first time in a dozen years.
"Are you getting used to this?" Insegniferro quietly asked the young Mullinix, "You look more at ease than you used to."
"I'm getting better at telling who is telling the truth," Medo said, "And that young woman is lying through her teeth."
Usually, the case in front of them was a mundane one that had been sent at random to the Mullinix.  Most of their sessions were cases like this, designed to keep them in touch with what was going on in the world.  This was different as this one was a very serious case, a claim of rape that involved a child. 
Rape in the empire was punished severely, with a proven victim able to claim a spouse's benefit as if there were a divorce.  The victim is entitled to half the perpetrator's assets and a full alimony payment that can last for years.  The attacker is also responsible for the support of any child resulting from the rape, which this woman was very obviously carrying.
"What makes you think she's lying?" Iggy wondered, as he hadn't been able to detect anything out of the ordinary.
"Several things," Medo said, "She's protesting too much.  I knew a girl that had been raped while we were in school.  The last thing she wanted to do was talk about it.  This girl seems to be too willing to answer questions."
"Different people react different ways," Iggy reminded him quietly.
"That was just a small thing," Medo said, "The man flinches every time the accusation is made.  I'm not seeing any hints of acting either.  He is genuinely hurt by the accusations."
"You're beginning to sound like Taliaferro," Iggy told him, "He had uncanny ways of figuring stuff out."
They went back to listening to people bicker.   The girl was brazen, another thing that made all three Mullinix think that something was out of place.  The fact that her parents were standing in the back row behind her made them think that very possibly something was out of whack with this case.
"What do you have to say for yourself, young man?" Massimaferro asked the accused.
"I wish I'd just stayed home?" the young man claimed.
"Would you care to elaborate on that?" Massimaferro asked him, stifling his chuckles.
"I had asked her out because I thought she was pretty," the young man explained, "I didn't know her parents were the religious zealots from hell!"
"I object to that!" the young woman's parents exclaimed.
"I'll keep that in mind," Massimaferro said dryly and then turned back to the young man, "Go ahead, young man."
"She and I had a great time and ended up sleeping together," the young man said, "There was no rape.  There was no force.   We both enjoyed it immensely."
"Liar!" the girl's father yelled.
"Not another word," Massimaferro said to the parents.
"We weren't as careful as we should have been," the young man explained, "And when they found out she was pregnant her parents freaked.   That's how we ended up here."
"That boy defiled my little girl!" the father yelled, "I demand compensation!"
"Keep it up and you'll demand an ice pack for your ass," Massimaferro said testily, "Sit down and shut up."
"Diplomacy really isn't one of his strong suits," Medo chuckled, "Is it?"
"Never was," Iggy said, shaking his head, "It fits in this case though."
"Young lady," Massimaferro said, looking at the young woman, "Come on up here."
The girl looked frightened out of her wits, but did as she was told.  Massimaferro looked her over and saw that she could easily been one of his own children had he gone that route.  Medoferro looked at her and saw the shame pouring out of her.  Fear was there too, but the one thing that was apparent to Medoferro was the direction it was radiated.  It was radiated towards her parents and more than a little at Massimaferro.
"This is a very serious matter," Massimaferro said, standing up and using his imposing size to his advantage, "You are here in the chamber to tell the truth.  Lying to me right now could have serious ramifications in your life and the lives of everyone in this room.   Are you going to lie to me now young lady?"
"No," she said, "I am not."
"Good," Massimaferro said, looking at her, "I want you to tell us all what really happened."
"Um…" The girl stumbled, looking around.
"We haven't got all day," Massimaferro said to her, "I want to know what happened.  Now."
"Ok…" The girl cried, "He didn't rape me!  I did it willingly… I… I couldn't…"
"You little whore!" the girl's father yelled, "I ought to…"
"You will do no such thing!" Massimaferro exclaimed, "It was your prejudices that got her into this mess in the first place.   There is no case for rape and there never was one but for your stupidity."
Massimaferro watched them for a moment and determined the best way to bestow judgment in this case.  Iggy and Medo were both wondering what he would come up with that would punish all parties properly.
"Young lady," Massimaferro said, "Is it positive that this young man is the father?"
"Yes Mullinix," the young woman said, "There was no one else."
"He needs to marry my daughter!" The man exclaimed, to which Massimaferro reacted harshly.
"He will do no such thing!" Massimaferro growled, "Do you want to doom him and your daughter to a marriage they are too young for and will fail miserably?"
"I…" the man said.
"My judgment is as follows," Massimaferro said, "As the child is obviously the result of the union between these two children there should be an order of joint custody and support.   The rape charge is nullified as of now as it was groundless in the first place."
All parties sat quietly as the Mullinix made his decision.  Massimaferro looked around, making it the usual show that he did.  He looked like he was almost to the point of enjoying it, though both Medo and Iggy knew that it was only the next part he would enjoy.
"Now because you brought this up here when it didn't need to be," Massimaferro said, "There will be appropriate sanction.   This young man had his reputation sullied when it didn't need to be.   If he had shirked his duty to the child, he could have been liable, but since he never had that chance it is going to remain that way.
"To avoid problems and bad blood between the families, there will be no joint custody.  The young man is absolved of his parental duties to this child and of the support.  The girl's family will be required to support the girl and the child until the child's eighteenth birthday.  This will be enforced by your local Colonel, who will check both the girl and child out every month to ensure that no abuse results from this."
The girl's family was bubbling with rage, but knew better than to say another word.  They realized, far too late, that angering a Mullinix was a bad idea.  Medoferro and Insegniferro had trouble keeping from laughing.
"You brought this on yourselves," Massimaferro said, waving his finger, "And I swear to you that if you harm either your daughter or the child resulting I will hear about it.  Do you understand me?"
"Yes," the family said, knowing that they lost and lost big.
"Good," Massimaferro said, "We will resume session in a half hour.  I need some coffee."
The horns played and the litigants were led out.   The three Mullinix headed back to their office where the coffee was waiting for them.  Marina and Marianna were sitting in the room as well when the three men sat down.
"That was fun," Medo said sarcastically, "Good God are people always this stupid?"
"It's a strange world, Medo," Iggy said, "That's one thing about being a Mullinix.  You will see any number of things that you don't want to and you will know more about the people in this land than you ever wanted to."
"I'm well on my way there," Medo said, "I've been doing this for nearly a month now and I think I've seen every piece of perversion known to man.  I'm almost getting the hang of telling liars too."
"I think I will need it with the next case," Massimaferro grunted with his coffee, "This next case is going to be a pain in the ass."
"What is it?" Iggy asked, "I didn't even read the session log for today.  Figured I wouldn't be taking any of it, just sitting in the back to give advice if needed and sleeping if I wasn't."
"Selenia Slasher," Massimaferro said, tossing the file across to Insegniferro, "This is probably going to take a chunk of the afternoon."
"I read about that one," Medo said, "Twenty-two corpses in the past two years.  They found it was a drifter about a week ago.  I'm still rather shocked that he made it this far.  I thought sure he'd have been hanged before the secret police could get him this far."
"They slid him out quickly," Massimaferro told him, "He's been in a cell here for a week while they got the evidence out here."
"Anything you want me to do?" Medo asked Massy.
"Keep your eyes open," Massy told him, "If you see anything untoward I want to know about it.   These cases tend to bring out the worst in people."
"I can do that," Medo nodded, "Any protocol I have to follow to talk?"
"Nope," Massimaferro said, "I have final say on the sentence, being the current Mullinix, but if you have questions that will clarify things feel free to say it.  I can't think of everything."
"It sounds like an open and shut case," Iggy said, flipping through the file, "I hate those."
"Why?" Medo said, "Aren't they easy?"
"No," Massy said, shaking his head, "Usually it means something is too pat.  Keep your eyes open because the locals tend to want to push these cases under the carpet."
"Last one I dealt with was ten years ago," Iggy told him, "That was a nightmare."
"The Butcher of Macmanite," Massy nodded, "I remember that.  You and Tali were dealing with protocol for a week."
"I'm hoping that we don't have to go that long this time," Iggy said, "You have the benefit of having been through that mess."
"There will be no grandstanding this time," Massimaferro promised, "That was where you went wrong.  You let them talk too damn much."
"It's going to be standing room only," Marina said, walking into the room with more coffee, "A couple of the civics classes have come in to this one.  Miranda and Stacy are with one of them."
"Great," Medo chuckled, "They get to sit and watch me shut up."
"Somehow I doubt that," Marina chuckled.
"Let's get this over with," Massimaferro grumbled, "I intend to have this done by dinner."
"I admire your optimism," Insegniferro said, brandishing a large smile, "And am glad it is not my problem."
Massimaferro flipped the older man an obscene gesture and walked out into the hall.  Marianna and Sascha put the ceremonial robes on Massimaferro as he was presiding over a major capital case.   Medo and Iggy went in first, taking their recessed seats and looking at the crowd.   Miranda and Stacy had managed to get a front row seat on Medo's side, waving to him when he came in.   He gave them a smile and a nod, the most he was allowed to do, and sat down in his chair.
Massimaferro came in, walking slowly and evenly, looking out at the people but remaining somber.  There were a lot of traditions involved with murder cases and everyone involved considered them a somber responsibility considering that the defendant's life was in jeopardy.
"Bring the defendant out," Massimaferro said, "This case shall be heard in front of a full Mullinix court, let the truth reign supreme and all lies be left outside."
The defendant was not particularly clean or even really sane.  He was mumbling to himself and snapping at people as he was led into the room and placed in a cage that was brought out for cases such as this.   The Mullinix were surprised to find that the drifter didn't look much older than Medoferro.
"I thought you said you had the slasher," Massimaferro said, looking at the defendant, "This is a child."
"This man is twenty-eight years old," the representative from Selenia said, "He doesn't look it resulting from the state of malnutrition and dehydration."
"Does he even know where he is?" Iggy asked the representative.
"This is the first I've seen him since getting in this morning," the middle aged man shrugged, "I have my evidence ready."
"Let us begin," Massimaferro said, knowing that this was going to be a long one.
The representative from Selenia began showing the evidence that had been amassed by the Mullinix Guard in Selenia.  It was long and tedious, but some of it was actually pretty good evidence.  The only thing they couldn't explain was why the killings had taken place at all.
Miranda watched from the side and thought that the man looked rather familiar, although the killings took place on the southeastern coast, nowhere near the northwestern border village near Skolnik that she grew up in.  Stacy saw the look on her face and wondered what was up.
"What is it?" Stacy asked her, "You're deep in thought."
"I recognize the madman," Miranda told her quietly, "I don't know why or where from though."
"They seem to have documentation that he's from Selenia," Stacy said skeptically, "You think he's from your neck of the woods?"
"They don't know where he's from," Miranda reminded her, "He showed up in Selenia a few years back.   I think I remember him from something."
"This could be important," Stacy said, "Think hard on that.  I can always go to someone and tell them.   It could be important."
"It will come to me," Miranda shrugged, "Eventually at any rate."
The defendant spent a lot of his time in the cage trying to get out.  He wasn't completely out of it and knew that there was quite a bit of evidence against him.  He was, however, completely insane and figured that he could get out of the charges if he could get out of the cage.   He started banging against the sides trying to get the bars to give on the cage.
Medoferro carefully watched the insane man, watching the way that the magnetic forces of the area interacted with him.   The reactions were wildly different, as the brainwaves were so erratic that they were almost blinding to look at.  It was as if there were no order there at all, which pretty much proved to Medo that the man was insane.
Massimaferro was trying to keep order, which was not the easiest task considering the different people in the room, some of which couldn't keep restrained.   When you had this many victims you had a potential for disaster, which was this was heading quickly to.
"Will someone shut him up?" Massimaferro yelled, "I'm trying to listen to the evidence."
This seemed to push the insane man more.  Miranda and Stacy watched the spectacle with unease, knowing that something wasn't going well with this.  They saw Medoferro studying the insane man while he slammed against the bars, wondering what he was trying to do.  The insane man finally stopped for a moment and looked up at the girls, which let Miranda get a full look at his face.
"I know who he is!" Miranda exclaimed, "He was from my village!  He killed six kids and was supposedly killed in a fire five years ago!"
Medoferro watched the insane man as he pulled in some of the power around him in a way that he'd only seen Simon and the old man do in the training room.  It wasn't a controlled method of using power and it was quite obvious that the insane man didn't know what he was doing, but it did the job quite well.   He used the power to launch himself at the bars he'd already weakened and crashed over the cage.
"He's escaping!" someone in the crowd yelled.
The guards were up in seconds, moving towards Massimaferro, Medoferro and Insegniferro.   Massy and Iggy got ready to leave, not willing to take on a madman.  Medo shrugged off the guards and watched the insane man attack the prosecutor.   Miranda rushed the front and jumped over the cordon between her and Medo.
"Come on, Medo," Insegniferro said, "Let the guards do their job."
"He's insane, Medo," Miranda told him, "He's a child killer that escaped years ago.  Everyone thought he was dead…"
"He is dead inside," Medo said, still looking, "Get out of here, Miranda…"
"You see something, don't you," Massimaferro said, "With that sense that the old man awakened."
"Yes," Medo nodded, "That is where he's getting the ability."
"What are you talking about?" Miranda asked him, slightly worried.
"It's ok," Medo said, smiling, "Go on and wait for me outside, Miranda.  I'll be out in a bit."
Miranda looked dubious, but followed instructions.  Insegniferro started to say something, but Massimaferro put a finger to his lips.   Medoferro wasn't watching either one of them by this point as he was trying to determine what the insane man was doing.  He could see the power flow, something that Simon still couldn't do.
"We've got to get out of here," Insegniferro said, still not quite sure of what was happening.
"Go ahead," Massimaferro said, smiling, "Let Medo follow his instincts though.  The old man's training is about to come into play, I think."
"We need to get you three out of here, sir," one of the guards said to them, "We'll get him rounded up…"
The guard was speaking very optimistically as the inmate was fighting five different Mullinix Guards and not doing very badly.  Medo could see that the insane man was pulling power that was giving him speed and force that he wouldn't have had otherwise.
"You aren't rounding anything," Medo said, pushing his fear back, "Clear the building."
That was an unnecessary order as the crowd had largely left.  Massimaferro and Insegniferro went out of the room and headed back up and around to the overlooking balcony that had been one of Taliaferro's favored places, watching below as the insane defendant continued pummeling the guards.
"Get Simon down there," Massimaferro said to their guard, "Medo could use him."
It was an unnecessary order as well, for as soon as word had reached Roland and Simon they had gone running towards the building.  Simon wasn't as good with the power as Medoferro was, but he'd be more help than any of the guards were.  Simon pushed through the guards and ran into the building.
"Simon," Medo said, "Can you see the power that guy is pulling?"
"I can't see it as well as you can," Simon said, "But I can see something is off balance."
"His mind is completely off kilter," Medo told him, "I don't think he knows he is doing it."
"Any ideas?" Simon asked him, "You know me. I'm blunt force.  You can do control better than I can."
"Pull power," Medo said, "I want you ready.  We're going to see if we can put a force shield around the lunatic."
"Encase him?" Simon asked, "That's going to take some serious power…"
"I'll shape it and set it to do a power drain," Medo told him, "You just pull power and feed where I tell you."
"I'm following you, buddy," Simon nodded.
Simon pulled power from his surroundings while Medo used his mind to shape an energy shield.   Simon got ready and waited for Medoferro's instructions.   Massimaferro and Insegniferro, from their elevated positions, saw little but a bit of glowing from Simon's hands.  
"I've got the power ready," Simon said, his hands heating up, "Where to?"
"I've made it easy," Medo said, straining to push power to where he wanted it, "Guards!  Get out of the way!" Then he turned to Simon again, "Throw it forward, as hard as you can!"
Simon did what he was told, using his best talent of pushing power and pushing it hard.   Medoferro, who had a lighter touch with it than Simon did, made a power funnel, that directed the raw force where he wanted it to go.  From up on the balcony it looked like a light show.   Down on the floor, it was nothing but sheer power.
The light surrounded the insane man as Medoferro's power construct surrounded him and started making a power vacuum in the area around his body.  The insane man felt the power being drained from him but still tried to fight.  This is where the second part of Medoferro's construct came in.   It solidified the air around him making it impenetrable.    The insane man continued fighting for nearly three minutes until his body finally collapsed from the belated fatigue.
"When I let the shield down bind him!" Medo yelled at the guards, "Simon, Stop pushing power!"
Simon complied happily and with the loss of the raw power Medoferro's power construct collapsed, letting the guards in to bind the insane man up in chains.  Simon dropped to the floor, his hands hurting and looking burned.   Medo went over to check him out.
"You ok?" Medo asked him.
"Yeah," Simon groaned, "Need some salve.  Just a little burn."
Massimaferro and Insegniferro were down like shots and looking at the team, both looking really impressed.  One of the guards who doubled as a medic took care of Simon's burns while Medo sat down in one of the nearby chairs.
"You ok, Medo?" Massy asked him, "You look beat."
"What exactly did you do?" Iggy asked.
"Removed the power that was keeping him going," Medo told him, "It was one of the tricks that we practiced with the old man, just in a much larger scale."
"What is wrong with that man?" Massy asked Medo, "Could you tell?"
"He's completely insane," Medo said honestly, "I couldn't tell you why, but there is something seriously wrong with him.  He was using the power though I doubt he knew it."
"I'll get the old man over here," Massimaferro promised, "He'll be able to sort that part out."
"What about session?" Insegniferro asked, "We never got to make a decision."
"Miranda said something about him being a child killer from her village," Medo said, "Check the records from her village and see if they match.  If it is him…"
"Then I think they proved their case," Massimaferro finished, "I'm declaring him guilty now.  We'll wait for the old man to give his view to impose judgment."
"Simon," Medo said, trying to cover the fact that he was still shaking, "How bad are the burns?"
"No worse than grabbing a hot pan," Simon shrugged, "I'll be fine in a week.  It'll get me out of being beat on for that long."
"I'm sure that Sascha will give him some tender loving care," Roland chuckled, walking into the room, "Not that it is going to get you out of lessons with me, Simon."
"Wouldn't hear of it, Roland," Simon said, "But will it work for the rest of the day?"
"Go on, get your pity," Roland chuckled.
"You need to be careful with that," Insegniferro said to Medoferro, "Someone could have gotten hurt today."
"Someone would have gotten hurt if I didn't," Medoferro said, looking up at the elder, "I couldn't do nothing, could I?"
"No," Massimaferro smiled, "Of course not.  Go on out and see Miranda and Stacy.  They're probably wondering about you."
Medo nodded and went out there, dragging along as he was a lot more fatigued than he knew.  Insegniferro looked at Massimaferro and had a very worried expression on his face.  He had no idea what to do with someone who could do what Medo and Simon could.
"What do we do about this?" Insegniferro asked him, "That just isn't natural…"
"Your prejudices from Southern Mullinix are showing again," Massimaferro told him, "Taliaferro could do the same things when he was younger and you know it.  The old man says that Medo is at least as good as Tali was at his age.  You shouldn't be surprised by this."
"True," Iggy said, shaking his head, "I just never saw Tali use the offensive portion of it."
"Life is an adventure," Massy said, clapping his smaller counterpart on the back, "Be glad Medo could put a lock on the lunatic.   We'd still be trying to take him down otherwise."
"LaPorte is due to call in an hour," Iggy said, "Do you want that or the cleanup?"
"I'll take the cleanup because I don't want to referee a fight between you and the old man later," Massy said, "If Paulus is there get him to tell us what is going on in that hole."
"Will do," Iggy nodded, "I'll leave this mess to you."

Chapter 39 - Rogue Power

 "Any idea what is wrong with this man?" Massimaferro asked the old man and the Medico, "Is what Medo and Simon did to him permanent?"
"I’ve never seen anything like it," Medico Rasten said, "But I don’t do emergency work anymore."
"It isn’t permanent," the old man said, "All Medoferro and Simon did was overload his brain with the power he was using unconsciously and also deprive him of the use of that power.  His mind doesn’t know what to do without it he has had it so long."
"How did he get it," Massimaferro asked, "That’s what I need to know."
"It happens naturally," the old man said, "Sometimes people with the talent will figure it out.  The thing is, if you do not know how to use the power correctly it can consume you, much like it did the mind of this man."
"From what I can tell he is healthy in body," Medico Rasten told them, "But from what I have seen, he is clinically insane."
"I’d have to concur with that," the old man nodded, "If he was playing with power he didn’t understand he might have driven himself insane or if he was insane before he started pulling power unconsciously the results are the same.  This mind is a goner."
"I hate these decisions," Massimaferro said, "It looks like he is our killer.  I don’t think our normal methods will work though."
"There’s no telling when he will wake up," the old man agreed, "He isn’t rational enough to commit suicide either."
"I don’t know what to tell you," Medico Rasten said, "My expertise is in healing people, not in punishment."
"Is there a substance that will put him down for good?" Massimaferro asked her.
"Any number of poisons," she said, "I cannot do that, however."
"Do your medico oaths prevent you from preparing a syringe of something for me?" Massimaferro asked her, "Preferably something quick and painless?"
"No," Medico Rasten agreed, "Curare will do the trick.  I’ll be back in ten minutes."
She left the room and left Massimaferro and the old man sitting watching the unconscious murderer.   The old man walked around and looked at the complete lack of interaction between the killer and the magnetic environment.  Whatever Medoferro had did worked better than they thought it would.
"Old man," Massimaferro said, "Are we going to have to worry about this power screwing up Medo and Simon’s heads?"
"It didn’t affect Taliaferro did it?" the old man shrugged, "Medoferro is probably the best student I will ever have for this.   I highly doubt you’ll ever have to worry about defending him much again."
"Simon burned himself," Massimaferro said, "I didn’t know that this power could do that."
"Evidently he opened himself too much," the old man shrugged, "I’ll talk to him and find out what he did.   You know what impressed me though?"
"The fact that they were able to work together like that?" Massimaferro asked, "Or the fact that Medo could detect what this lunatic was doing?"
"The fact that Simon could augment Medoferro’s construct is amazing," the old man said, "My teacher could do it, but none of my students have ever been able to do it.   Taliaferro and I did it a couple times, but never on the fly and never on anything major."
"We need to keep this under wraps," Massimaferro said, "Letting this out will be asking for trouble."
"I agree," the old man nodded and then pointed at the unconscious prisoner, "You going to pronounce a death sentence on him?"
"Yeah," Massimaferro nodded, "I’ll administer the curare and be done with it."
"Good," the old man smiled, "Nice to know you haven’t lost your balls, Massimaferro."
"I still have them and they are as big as ever," Massimaferro assured the old man, "Let’s just hope they are big enough.  We’re facing a war down south and trade negotiations with the Siraqis."
"I’ll stick with teaching," The old man said, "Make sure that Medoferro and Simon show up for training so I can teach Simon how not to hurt himself if they have to do it again."
"Will do," Massimaferro nodded, "Thanks."
The old man went on his way, knowing there was nothing left that he could do for the Mullinix.   Massimaferro looked at the man he was about to relieve of his life and closed his eyes.  He couldn’t think of it as killing, relieving him of life just sounded so much better to his mind.
He was still sitting there rubbing his head when Medico Rasten came back in.  She looked at him and tapped him on the shoulder, causing him to perk up and look at her.
"I have the curare," Medico Rasten said, "Are you sure about this?"
"I have to be," Massimaferro said, "It is my job to be."
"You can’t do everything," the Medico said, "Much as you guys pretend not to be, you are only human."
"Well this son of a bitch isn’t," Massimaferro grunted, "Not with the murders he committed."
"That seems to be the prevailing view," Medico Rasten nodded, "There’s a group outside demanding that he be brought out for execution."
"Tempting," Massimaferro said, "But that won’t help matters."
Insegniferro walked in at this point, seeing that the matters hadn’t changed much.  He looked at the syringe and then at the unconscious murderer.  Massimaferro looked up at the Elder and wondered what he was thinking.
"I guess Medico Rasten has already told you about the protest outside," Insegniferro said, "Have you made a judgment?"
"He’s guilty as hell," Massimaferro said, "I’m debating on administering curare myself or letting the crowd rip him to pieces."
"Either way will work," Insegniferro said, "It won’t make my other news any better."
"What did LaPorte say?" Massimaferro asked him.
"It is looking like war is more likely," Insegniferro sighed, "But he’s still not being specific on details."
"Was Paulus there?" Massimaferro asked him.
"No," Insegniferro said, "He wasn’t.  LaPorte either doesn’t know where he is or is lying."
"This is a mess," Massimaferro said, "How are Simon and Medo doing?"
"They are fine," Insegniferro said, "Simon has half the house staff fawning over him.   Medo is sitting with Marina, Stacy and Miranda."
"Any suggestions?" Massimaferro said, "About any of it?"
"Not on him," Insegniferro shrugged, "The other stuff, we’ll figure out a bit later."
At this point the murderer on the table started to stir a little.   Massimaferro and Insegniferro stood up and looked at him.   Medico Rasten went over to check his pulse and found that he was stirring more.
"He’s waking up," Medico Rasten told them.
"No he’s not," Massimaferro said, "Give me the curare."
Massimaferro took a deep breath and took the syringe from the Medico.   He looked at the insane man that was starting to wake up.  He found a vein on the man’s arm and jabbed the needle in, pushing the liquid into his veins.   It was more than enough to stop the body cold.  Once it went into the blood stream the man’s body froze, going into a state that ended his life within minutes.
"I declare him guilty and the death sentence has been carried out," Massimaferro said, growling, "I guess I should go address the crowd."
"You did the right thing," Insegniferro nodded, "I’ll get Medo.  We should appear as a united front on this."
"Palace Balcony," Massimaferro nodded, "Ten minutes."
Insegniferro went and found Medoferro sitting with the others and told them what happened.   Medoferro was shocked at first, but understood.   He followed along and met Massimaferro in the anteroom to the antechamber before the public address balcony. Massimaferro was a bit shaken, but greeted the younger man.
"You ok, Massy?" Medo asked him.
"No," Massimaferro said, "But I had to do it."
"We’ll be with you," Insegniferro promised, "I support you all the way."
"Me too," Medo said, "Let’s do it."
Massimaferro nodded and they headed out onto the balcony.   The crowds looked up and they could tell that they were expectant.  It had been a trying day for everyone, especially the three Mullinix themselves.   Massimaferro looked for a minute and then made a gesture to silence the crowd.
"It has been a long and trying day for the Empire," Massimaferro said loudly, "This case has been a shame.   A shame on us and a shame that it had to happen at all.   But this man is not the norm for this nation.  This is not the norm for our people.  This man has committed unspeakable crimes that have had to be answered and answered they have been!"
The crowd erupted in approval.  This was the type of thing that they wanted to hear.  Massimaferro took some comfort from the crowd’s approval.   Medo and Iggy looked at each other and nodded, glad that they were giving the crowds what they wanted.
"I have reviewed the evidence," Massimaferro continued, "And I have pronounced the verdict!  This man is guilty of these killings and most likely a lot more.  By the power vested in me as Mullinix, I have declared the ultimate sentence.   As he was not of sound enough mind to perform the act himself I have taken responsibility and administered a fatal dose of Curare.   This man will not kill again!"
Again the crowd roared their approval.  This was exactly what they had wanted to hear.  There was a chant in the corner that they wanted the body, however, something that made all three Mullinix shudder.  Massimaferro looked at the others.
"What the hell do I do?" Massimaferro asked them, "Appease them or appeal for decorum?"
"They are riled," Medo said, "Give them what they want.   It won’t hurt him at this point."
"It’s gruesome," Insegniferro said, "But Medo is right.  No need to risk a riot to preserve a corpse."
"I agree," Massy sighed, "Here goes."
He turned back to the crowd and passed them a smile.   He made a public order to display the body and quickly retreated inside.   The others followed him quickly, looking over the quickly pacified crowd.
"Marianna…" Massimaferro said, "I need a drink…"

Chapter 40 - Medoferro’s Awakening

Medoferro awoke with a start in the morning, finding Marina still sleeping next to him, as had become the norm in the preceding months.  The previous day's events were still fresh in his mind and the memory of making the construct was still fresh, providing a new source of nightmares for him.
Medoferro stroked her hair a little bit and looked at her for a few minutes.  She was still soft and warm to the touch, but there was something different about her now.   He wasn't quite sure what it was, just that it was a feeling that wasn't quite there for him like it was when he first came in.
He let her sleep and slipped into a loose set of clothes.  He stretched a little, a good habit he'd picked up from the training with the old man, and walked out into the sun filled common room.   Insegniferro was sitting out there reading a newspaper and sipping on some tea.   Medoferro poured himself some and sat down cross-legged on a reclining chair.
"Good Morning," Medo said as he sipped his tea.
"It is," Insegniferro nodded, "How did you sleep last night?"
"Sleep?" Medo asked, only halfway kidding, "What's that?"
"I figured as much," Insegniferro chuckled, "I see you and Marina are still getting along well."
"I guess," Medo said, shrugging a little.
That response was not lost on Insegniferro.   He may not have been able to understand the power that Medoferro could command with his mind, but he did still retain a little understanding of people.   He could tell that something was bugging Medo, but didn't quite know what it was.
"What's up, Medo?" Iggy asked him, "You don't sound so confident."
"I don't know," Medo sighed, "It's just that…   I don't know…   Something…"
Medoferro didn't know how to put what he was feeling into words.  Insegniferro looked at him and smiled, realizing what Medo was going through.   While becoming Mullinix can tend to simplify the dating scene a little, it brought in a whole slew of emotional problems along with it.
"Would you be more comfortable talking about it somewhere else?" Insegniferro asked him, "Somewhere that we won't be overheard?"
"Yeah," Medo nodded, "I think so."
"Come on," Insegniferro told him, "Follow me."
Insegniferro led the younger Mullinix towards the back of the palace.  This was a section that Medoferro hadn't spent much time in, though it was one of the oldest parts of the building.  Medoferro watched as they went into the old library, a section with books dating back to the early years of the empire as they were rebuilding technologies and getting the higher learning back together.
"This is where I go when I need to be alone," Insegniferro told him, "Nobody will bother me back here.  Most of the house staff have conveniently forgotten this place exists.  Nobody except a few of the old historian staff clean it out now."
"It's a bit musty," Medo nodded, "But I can deal.  I like it."
"So what has been on your mind?" Insegniferro asked him, "The books also do wonders for absorbing the acoustics.   The sound won't carry past us."
"All right," Medo sighed, "Things are just getting a little strange for me."
"Marina?" Iggy asked him.
"Yeah," Medo nodded, "Ever since this ability was awakened by the old man, I've had more and more trouble being with her."
"How so?" Insegniferro asked him, wondering if the boy had come to the same conclusion early that he had over fifteen years before.
"I try to talk to her about things," Medo said, "She nods her head and listens, but it all comes down to the physical with her."
"That's what she was trained for," Iggy reminded him, "To help you relax."
"That's good to a point," Medo said, "But there is just something missing with her.  Something I know should be there, but something I can't identify."
"That something is Passion, Medo," Insegniferro said, "Love, emotion and something more than just human sexual lust.  That is what you are missing with Marina."
"How did you…" Medo said, then realized, "You went through the same thing, didn't you?"
"Long ago," Iggy confirmed, smiling, "I was that way until I met Molly."
"How did you meet her?" Medo asked him, wondering, "What was she like?"
"Molly was just the most beautiful person inside," Iggy said, remembering his love wistfully, "She was originally a cleaning girl on the house staff, not one of the ones working like Marina and the others.   When I lost my taste for what those girls were offering, I started talking to her."
"Sounds almost romantic," Medo chuckled, "What happened?"
"Things took off from there," Insegniferro said, sighing, "They went well.  Had the law allowed it, I would have married her."
"Since I haven't met her I am assuming something bad happened," Medo said, "Would I be out of line if I asked what?"
"She got the wasting sickness," Insegniferro said, "She passed on nearly fifteen years ago now."
"I don't know what to do," Medo sighed, "There are many times I wish I hadn't taken this job."
"If you hadn't," Insegniferro said, "What do you think you would be doing?"
"Probably drinking sweet ale, going to class and continuing to hit on Miranda," Medo said, "She's probably part of the reason I'm feeling this."
"I'm sure," Iggy nodded, "I saw the way she looked at you."
"What do you think you would have done if you hadn't been chosen?" Medo asked him.
"Probably would have been teaching," Insegniferro admitted, "I always wanted to do it.  I guess in a limited way I am."
"You know," Medo said, "This whole place is surreal at times.   The way you go from one thing to another."
"It often is," Iggy agreed, "That's why it is occasionally good to get out, something that you're going to have to do soon."
"Siraq," Medo nodded, "Any word on when?"
"Their messenger just gave the go ahead," Iggy told him, "The messenger came in while we were sleeping.  Roland and Simon will have to head that way soon.  You and Massy will be leaving soon after."
"That quick?" Medo wondered, "Won't it take some time for Roland and Simon to set up the details?"
"Yep," Iggy smiled, "But Massy and I talked about it last night after you went to bed.  You two need to get out and see the country.  We're long overdue for a tour of the country, something we kept putting off because of Tali and you.   You know enough to serve as Massy's backup out there and there is no reason to delay it."
"Getting out of this place sounds like a good plan to me," Medo agreed, "Start me off light and getting away from the mess in Cirrus sounds even better."
"I'd go if I could," Insegniferro told him, "But three Mullinix never travel together.  Two is bad enough.  I'll be staying here to confer with Colonel LaPorte down south and handle any cases from the opposite side of the empire from where you are traveling."
"So what do you think I should do about the other thing?" Medo asked him, "I mean, I like Marina and all…"
"Go on the trip and deal with it later," Iggy suggested, "She'll be staying here as it is usually too busy and too impolitic for the house staff to go with you on those trips.  It may resolve itself given enough time."
"How soon are we talking?" Medo wondered.
"Roland and Simon are probably going to be taking off today," Iggy said, "Simon's training will continue out on the road.  Massy will clean up the remaining local sessions today and tomorrow while you and I go over the protocols and locations for the tour before you leave."
"As well as deal with anything that comes up in Cirrus," Medo said, "That's still a hot potato."
"Don't worry," Iggy promised, "We'll keep you in the loop.  When you are in places with wire circuits we will do a conference each day.  Most of the population centers now have wire circuits to the palace here, even Cirrus."
"That could be a blessing or a curse," Medo chuckled, "Anyway, I guess I'd better go get some food in me before I actually have to do some work."
"Go pay your respects to Simon too and tell him he will be going today," Iggy suggested, "He does work for you, you know."
"Will do," Medo said standing up, "Thanks for the talk, Iggy."
"Anytime," Iggy grinned, watching as the younger man went away.

Chapter 41 - Life On The Road

"It feels pretty good to be on the road again," Roland said to Simon as the capital city faded into the background, "When is the last time you left the city?"
"It has been a while," Simon admitted as they pedaled their bicycles leisurely, "I've never been away for any significant length of time before."
"Much as I like the capital," Roland told him, "I like the rest of the Empire more.  The open road, the singing of the birds, the lower density of people…"
"And the complete and utter lack of your wife," Simon finished, grinning at the older man.
"You said it, not me," Roland chuckled, "Sueta and I have our differences, and frankly if I had to live there for most of the year I'd have probably left her years ago."
"So what exactly is our mission?" Simon asked him, "Medo explained it a little, but I don't think he's quite sure what we're doing yet."
"He's got enough problems without this part," Roland agreed, "We are getting the easy part of this.  All we do is ride up to the Siraqi capital city and meet with the King's representatives.  Our job is to set up the meeting to take place as soon as possible."
"So we don't do any of the actual negotiating," Simon said, "We just set up the meeting."
"Negotiation is the job of a ruler," Roland reminded the younger man, "Our job is just to make it happen."
"You sound like you don't like this mission," Simon said, "Is there something I should know?"
"Siraq is a nation of good people," Roland said, sighing a little, "But the Royal Family there is a study in how not to run a country.  They are slime, pure and simple."
"So why do we deal with them?" Simon wondered, not knowing all the politics of it yet.
"Because we need the access to the north sea," Roland said, "Most of our trade goes to the northern shore of Sotanberg or to points east.   They hold the river access to that area, cutting days off the journey."
"Meaning we move more and make more," Simon nodded, "That is why these negotiations are so important?"
"Exactly," Roland nodded, "Luckily they need us as much as we need them.  Their economy tends to be a shambles most of the time.  The southern regions are more Mullinix than Siraqi nowadays, with Mullinix being a nearly official language there.  In some ways these negotiations will be formalities, but in some ways they are really important."
"How so?" Simon wondered, "I mean I know they are scum…"
"They always try to extort something," Roland grumbled, "We go through it every ten years.  Usually end up giving them something minor in return for the passage rights.  Should be interesting to see how it goes this time with Massy doing the negotiating."
"He didn't before?" Simon asked him.
"Iggy did it," Roland said, "He was the Mullinix for the last few times.  My pal is not so good with the tactical end of things, but he excels with diplomacy."
"So why isn't he going on this trip?" Simon said, "You know, I sound like a little kid with all these questions."
"That's what you are here for," Roland laughed, "The reason Massy is going instead of Iggy is that he is the Mullinix.   The Siraqi government doesn't recognize the fact we have three rulers.  They consider only the current Mullinix the ruler, so they will only talk with him."
"Or her," Simon said, remembering how close Miranda was to getting it.
"Or her," Roland admitted, "Though that hasn't happened in living memory.  Thankfully they chose Medo and not Miranda.  This would be a mess with a female along."
"They don't like women either?" Simon asked, "Or is it you that doesn't like them?"
"You haven't met Sueta yet," Roland chuckled, "But that's not it.  As far as the Siraqi government is concerned a woman's place is in the bedroom and not in the ruling chamber.  The last time we had a woman as Mullinix we were at war with Siraq so it didn't matter."
"You never know," Simon shrugged, "Anything can happen.   So is this normal for us to be ambassadors?"
"Not like this," Roland said, "They have real ambassadors that live in the capitals of most countries, but Siraq never wanted one sent.  So they send us in the rare instances that we actually have to talk to them."
"So we mainly travel and look at things internally?" Simon said, "Right?"
"Exactly," Roland agreed, "That is it in a nutshell.  If there is some disaster in an area, flood or what not, we'll often go eyeball it so that they don't have to.  They know they can trust us to tell them the truth and not embellish it because we only have to answer to them."
"Sounds like a good system," Simon agreed, "Unless one of us goes bad."
"That is rare," Roland said, "I can't imagine ever turning on Iggy.  Could you imagine yourself turning on Medo?"
"Hell no," Simon said, "I've only known him a few months and I swear there is something about him that just makes me think he is going to do great things."
"He very well might," Roland nodded, "Anyway, I think we've talked enough for now.  We've got a lot of riding to do today, so enjoy the scenery and the exercise."
"Right," Simon nodded, enjoying the cool and clear ride on the roads.

Chapter 42 - The Suvorov Files

Medoferro was sitting in the Mullinix common room reading some of the travel files that Insegniferro had passed off to him, much like he'd been doing the whole day.  Now that Simon was gone and both Iggy and Massy were busy tidying up before the trip Medo had to do something with his time.
Stacy and Marina walked into the room and earned a smile from Medo, who was looking for anything else to lay his eyes on other than another page of that dry and boring text he was reading. 
"I thought you were supposed to be in class today," Medo said to Stacy, "You and Miranda both?"
"Miranda went," Stacy shrugged, "I decided to ditch and come talk to you before you had to take off.   Word just came down about your trip and I'm still worried about Suvorov."
"Shoot," Medo said, "We never did look in to that."
"I tried to again," Stacy said, "They shot me down and said I faced disciplinary action if I tried again."
"I figured you'd want to know," Marina said, "So I let her in."
"Who?" Medo said, looking at her, "They aren't supposed to be disciplining people just for asking questions."
"The Sergeant who runs the records division," Stacy told him, "Got rather annoyed with me earlier."
"Let's go have a chat with him," Medo said, "He may be able to stop you, but he sure as hell can't stop me."
"Anything I can do?" Marina asked them.
"Let Iggy know where I've gone if he asks," Medo told her, "Let's take a walk, Stacy."
"Will do," Marina nodded, "Good luck, guys."
"You lead," Medo said, "I don't know that building."
They walked together to the records building, nearly a quarter mile from the palace.  It was the first time Medoferro had actually gone into the building, though he'd passed it a few times before.   Like most government buildings, it was an austere stone structure, built for the ages and not for aesthetics.  
"Who has the files?" Medo asked Stacy.
"Should be in the southern reports section," Stacy told him, "There's this prick running the window that has been putting me off for months."
"Let's talk to him," Medo said, "There is no reason you should have been denied a simple status report."
"That's what I thought," Stacy said, "But the goon wouldn't let me in."
Medoferro thought that Stacy was overreacting, but goon was an apt description for the man standing behind the window.  Usually this type of clerking job went to a career level civil servant, like Medoferro half expected to become before he was chosen, but this guy looked like a veteran off the lines.
"You again," he said to Stacy, "I told you that the file is classified.  Your friend here…"
"Watch your tone," Medo said, "There is no such thing as a classified file."
"The files are classified," the goon said, "Now go piss off or get the Mullinix himself to open them."
"I don't think you know who you are talking to," Stacy warned him, "I'd like to introduce my friend here…"
"I don't care who he is," the goon said, "Now piss off or you are going on report, Cossy!"
"I think I should introduce myself," Medo said, now exceedingly pissed off, "My name is Medoferro.   What is your name, Guard?"
"I don't care if you are…" the man said until the name registered, "Medoferro… The….
"Mullinix apprentice Medoferro," Stacy added, enjoying the satisfaction of it.
"Since we have that cleared up," Medo told him, "I'd like to see that file.  Now."
"Ye…  Yes sir," the goon stammered, "I'll…"
"Just let us in and show us the way," Medo said, showing more confidence than he felt, "We'll take it from here."
"Yes sir," the goon said, letting them in, "This way…"
They walked through the stacks to get to the reports that had been turned in from the southern district, which is what Cirrus City and surrounding areas are officially called.  Each district commander is required to send in status reports weekly, all of which are kept in the archives for ten years, at which point they are moved to outlying warehouses that are built for posterity.
"We'll take it from here, thanks," Medoferro said, "Stacy, you take that shelf, I'll take this one…"
The goon went out of the room and found his boss standing at the gate, having walked by and noticed that the post was unmanned.   He looked at the goon, an impatient look on his face.  The goon looked at his boss and knew that he was in trouble.  
"Mr. Stack," the goon said, "I couldn't…"
"I told you not to let anyone in here," Anthony Stack told him, "Why did you disobey my orders?"
"I can't disobey an order from a Mullinix," the goon told him, "I mean…"
"Mullinix?" Stack said, concerned, "Which Mullinix?"
"The new one," the goon told him, "Medoferro.  He came with the Cossy girl."
"Great," Stack said and mumbled a little, "Get out of here…"
The goon considered protesting, but decided he would be better off following orders.  Stack went back to his office and fumed for a few minutes, realizing that if a Mullinix was nosing around everything could be going to pot shortly.  He then decided that he had to do something about it.
He walked over to another office, one in the oldest part of the building that was officially listed as unassigned.  Three men were sitting in there, one of them a virtual twin for the man who had attacked Medoferro at the lake a couple months before.  He looked surprised as Anthony Stack came into the room.
"You still want a chance to avenge your brother?" Stack asked with an evil smile.
"Of course," the man with the strangely colored skin said, "What do you need?"
"The young Mullinix is proving to be a thorn," Stack told him, "He just got the Cossy girl in to the archives and they are reading files.   I want you to make sure they don't get the information to the other two Mullinix."
"Another shot at Medoferro, eh?" the man smiled, "Any guards around?"
"They're in the archives now," Stack told them, "You can hit them when they leave.  My people pretty well control this building right now so they won't come too quickly.  End it quickly, Srado.  Don't fail like Fredo did."
"Let's go," Srado said to his comrades, "We have some carnage to create."
While the ambush was set up without their knowledge Stacy and Medoferro were figuring out something was sounding very fishy with the reports they were reading.  Medo was still new to the trade, but he'd been listening to reports enough to know that some things being submitted by the lower ranks were not gelling with the reports he'd been hearing out of Colonel LaPorte from the high end.
"There's something rotten here," Medo said, "I mean these reports are often identical.  Some of the lower ranking journals don't mesh with the higher up reports."
"That's why they didn't want to let me see them," Stacy said, "It doesn't take much to realize that this is a bunch of horseshit."
"Have you found Suvorov's records yet?" Medo asked her.
"Just did," Stacy said, "Take a look at this."
She handed Medo a file, which he read quickly.  Medoferro's eyes perked up at the descriptions of the massacre, something the likes of which should have made the news.  He knew full well that nothing had been reported of the like, so it was certain that a cover-up had been made.
"Doesn't anyone read these reports?" Medo wondered, "This should have raised eyebrows."
"The local commanders send those independently," Stacy told him, "They are supposed to be read, but if they can get someone in here to block access…"
"Then the person who is supposed to be reading them isn't passing on information," Medo concluded, "Do you know who the one that does that is?"
"It is a political appointment," Stacy said, "Anthony Stack is the official report clerk, one of the highest civil service positions in the guard."
"This is too big for just me," Medo said, "Let's get over and talk to Iggy about it.  Box up those papers.  We're taking them with us."
"That's not…" Stacy said and realized who she was with, "You are the law, aren't you?"
"Part of it," Medo said, "I haven't exercised much power yet, but this is over the top."
"Works for me," Stacy chuckled, "Let's go."
They packed the files, nearly two boxes worth, and started heading out.  They wanted to get straight to the palace, so they bypassed the goon at the door.  He started to say something, but Medoferro stared him down as they walked out the door carrying the two boxes of documents.
Srado and his boys caught up with Medoferro and Stacy in a long deserted hallway, almost halfway out of the building.  Srado, despite being the smallest of the three, was in front with his two hulking brutes in front of him.  He carried a sword that was sharpened to a point and looked as though it had been used before.
"He looks a bit familiar," Stacy said, "The guy at the beach."
"That was my brother," Srado said, a menacing smile on his face, "A death which you will pay dearly for."
"Run Medo," Stacy hissed, "Get out of here."
"Not without you," Medo said, "I'm sick of running."
"Good," Srado exclaimed, "It's time to start dying!"
Medoferro pulled some power in from his surroundings and started off light.  He also fed some of that power to Stacy, giving her highly developed self defense abilities a boost.  The power that Medo used to augment his motions allowed him a nice vertical leap as he dropped the box of paperwork that he was carrying.   Stacy watched in wonder as she let off a perfect front kick to one of the large brute's groins.  
Srado was shocked at the jump, but tried to hit Medoferro with his sword.   Medo was expecting this, so he redirected some of the power into a shield that made the sword spark when Srado hit it.   It also sent a fair sized shock into his hand, causing him to drop the sword.
Stacy let off a fury of kicks and punches at the two big guys that were trying to take her out.  Neither one could keep up with her enhanced speed and ended up doing more damage to each other than they even considered doing to Stacy.   She didn't know what had happened to her but took it and laid into both of her attackers.
Medoferro squared off with Srado, getting into a controlled stance.   Medo looked at the confused man let off a little smile.   Srado wasn't much more careful than his late brother Fredo, so he went in with fists flying, figuring that he'd have better luck that way than he did with the sword.
Medoferro, anxious to try some of what he learned, went along with the fight for a while.  Srado was fast, but his technique was uncontrolled.   Medoferro had little trouble knocking the uncontrolled blows aside and landing a few solid ones at Srado's chest.   Unlike the guards from before, Medo was more interested in getting Srado to talk instead of die.  
Srado couldn't figure out why he couldn't even land a simple punch on Medoferro.  His body was shaking from the combination of exertion and the pounding that Medoferro was inflicting on it.  He kept trying harder, but continued to fail.   Medo smiled as he saw himself winning, but didn't let up.  He continued blocking blows and let the larger man tire himself out.
Stacy let off a few killer blows on the two goons attacking her.   She wasn't working under the same assumption that Medoferro was, figuring that the only good attacker was a dead attacker.  She managed a perfect face shot on one of them, driving his nose bone into his head, knocking him over dead.   The other one wasn't much better off, taking two blows to his testicles and falling over.   Stacy jumped with all her weight on his neck, breaking it cleanly.
Srado knew he'd lost the fight and decided to try to run.  Stacy was up and about to try to help Medo stop him, but Medo put up a hand directing her to stop.   He pulled a ball of power into his hand and, much to Stacy's utter surprise, threw it at Srado's legs, knocking him over.
Medoferro walked over to where Srado was writhing in pain on the floor and pulled him up against the wall.  Srado was shaking in fear now, not even trying to attack anymore.   Medo leaned over and used power to reinforce the strength in his left arm to make him seem stronger than he was.
"Who sent you?" Medoferro asked him, trying to look menacing, "How did you get in here?"
"They'll kill me!" Srado exclaimed.
"I'd suggest you worry more about what I'll do to you," Medoferro said, bringing another ball of power into his hand, "I am a much more immediate problem for you now."
"You don't understand…" Srado blubbered.
"I intend to," Medoferro said, letting the power disperse into his hand and letting it glow, "You will tell me, you know.  Easy or hard, it is your choice."
Medoferro put his exceedingly warm hand down on Srado's shoulder, letting him feel the heat and know that he wouldn't get out of it.   This was the second time someone had tried to kill him.   Medoferro wanted to make sure that there wasn't a third from the same source.
"There's one thing I wonder," Stacy said, covering her surprise and unease with a question, "How does an assassin from the Mavelans get into a secure part of the capital?"
"Better yet," Medoferro said, "How does he speak letter-perfect Mullinix as if he's lived here all his life?"
"I'm as Mullinix as you are," Srado seethed, "Born and raised."
"The plot thickens," Medo said, smiling, "Now who sent you!"
Medoferro pushed a little more power into his hand, heating it up to what was an almost unbearable level for Srado.   Medoferro cringed inwardly from using his power this way, but he needed to know who wanted to kill him.
"Anthony Stack," Srado said, gasping in pain when Medoferro released the heat, "He sent my brother and I after you."
"Why?" Medo asked him.
"You and this bitch found the records," Srado gasped, "You weren't supposed to get anywhere near them."
"Find the goon at the door," Medo said, "See if he's one of Stack's cronies."
"I can't believe this," Stacy muttered and ran down the hall.
"Who is Stack covering for?" Medo asked him.
"I wouldn't know," Srado growled, "I'm hired help."
Medoferro nodded, as that made sense to him.   He kept Srado at bay until Stacy came back with the goon and six other guards.  They were looking at the remains of the fight and at Medo holding down this larger person.
"Are you all right sir?" one of the guards asked Medoferro, recognizing him.
"I'm fine," Medo said, "Would one of you please take this piece of garbage out of here?"
Stacy went over to Medoferro, who was beginning to shake because the realization of what he just did was coming to him.  Stacy smiled and was glad to see that he was still human, despite what he managed to do.  He still had enough left in him to keep himself going enough to give some orders.
"Find Anthony Stack," Medoferro said, "He's a traitor.   Have him brought to the palace when you find him."
"Yes sir!" the guard said.
"Can you guys bring the boxes of information to the palace as well," Stacy asked them, "I think Medo needs to get back to the palace."
"Certainly," the guard said, recognizing that she was a ranking officer with Medoferro.
She and Medoferro walked out of the building and Medoferro took the opportunity to go over and quickly throw up.   Stacy, having seen this reaction out of people before, went over and stood by him, covering him from public view.
"You ok, Medo?" Stacy asked him.
"Yeah," Medoferro nodded, "Part nerves, part reaction sickness."
"What exactly did you do?" Stacy asked him, "I've never seen anyone do that before."
"Manipulated natural power," Medo said, wiping his mouth, "Something the old man taught me to do.  Evidently, I've got a natural talent for it."
"So that's what I felt," Stacy said, "You fed power into me!"
"Yeah," Medo nodded, "You've been doing self defense longer than I have.  I figured with the power boost you'd do a better job."
"You did ok yourself," Stacy said, "Let's get over to the palace though, just in case Stack tries again."
"No argument here," Medo said, then grinned sheepishly, "You won't tell the others about what I just did out here, will you?"
"Of course not," Stacy grinned and wiped his mouth with her sleeve, "So long as you don't tell people that you juiced me up to take out those guys."
"Deal," Medoferro chuckled as they walked on.

Chapter 43 - Treachery

"Tony Stack ordered you killed?" Insegniferro said, not believing it, "Why on earth would he do a damn fool thing like that?  It doesn't make sense."
"I highly doubt that Srado would be lying with what I was doing to him," Medo said, "The records don't lie either.  He's not been truthful."
"Neither has Colonel LaPorte," Iggy said, looking through the files, "I'm just casually reading these over and much of it doesn't gel with what I was told."
"What I want to know is why they were sent at all," Medo said, "Wouldn't it have been better for LaPorte or Stack to not have the records there at all?"
"That would have been noticed," Iggy explained, "We take document destruction seriously.  There are a group of people whose job is just to make sure that all the reports are there."
"By letting them get filed," Stacy explained, "They could follow the law, but by having Stack there on their side they could make sure the information was never disseminated."
"It still doesn't tell us as much about why Suvorov is out of it," Medo said, "His file is clean."
"There's a blank spot of about a month," Stacy said, "Right about the time of that reported massacre…"
"Marina," Insegniferro said, "Get Rav Suvorov up here."
"Ummm," Marina said, from her corner, "He's…"
"He's probably drunk as a skunk," Iggy nodded, "Get some coffee in him and get him up here.   When Massimaferro finishes session downstairs I want him up here too.  He needs to know what happened."
"If only we'd checked this out before we sent Roland and Simon out," Medo said, "This is going to change things down south, isn't it?"
"It could," Iggy nodded, "Much of it depends on what we learn from Suvorov."
"This is something that happens in other countries," Medo said, "Not here."
"If it did indeed happen," Iggy promised the younger Mullinix, "There will be some heads rolling.   Starting with Colonel LaPorte if he's responsible for this mess.  You are a chosen Mullinix.   We don't take attacks like that lightly."
"When it comes to my skin I don't either," Medoferro said, "I will say I was glad I learned what I did."
"Did anyone see you do it?" Iggy asked him, worried about public perceptions.
"Just me," Stacy said, "The guards were wondering what happened when they got there.   The one who identified Stack as the boss saw it, but I doubt anyone is going to believe him."
"Good enough," Iggy nodded, "I'll take what I can get."
Marina entered the room, practically dragging Suvorov by the collar.   Everyone watched as she set him in a chair and went to get some black coffee.  Suvorov was awake, but not quite conscious yet.
"Did I do something while I was out?" Suvorov asked when he realized where he was.
"No," Iggy said, "I want to ask you about the massacre you were a part of nearly two years ago."
"Ask about it?" Suvorov asked, looking harshly at the Mullinix, "You ordered it!"
Those words out of Suvorov's mouth reverberated through the room like a shot. Insegniferro and Medoferro looked at each other, both knowing that was not the case.  Marina and Stacy looked at Suvorov with their mouths wide open in surprise.
"I ordered no such thing," Insegniferro said, the shock still apparent on his face, "Who told you that?"
"Major Stack," Suvorov said, "They wanted us to teach them a lesson… Said it was direct from the office of the Mullinix.  I didn't want to do it…"
The horrors of the event came flooding back into Rav Suvorov's mind as though they were on a freight train.  The images, indelibly burned into his mind for over two years, were horrific.  Men, women and children had been burned and butchered for little reason, their faces pleading for redemption that as a service center recruit he couldn't give.
"You mean our own troops committed these atrocities?" Medoferro said, "Good gods, why would anyone order such a thing?"
"We were dressed in Mavelan uniforms," Suvorov said, "I don't know why we were doing it, but they threatened to court martial me if I didn't go along.  You don't know the pressure…"
"We're not blaming you, Rav," Insegniferro said, "I know you were young.   I need to know what happened though."
"Major Stack led the raid personally," Suvorov said, "Son of a bitch gave us a lecture on what duty was and on how we were doing the Mullinix himself a great, personal service…"
"I can tell you one thing, Rav," Insegniferro said, "I sure as hell never gave any such order.   Taliaferro had washed his hands of the Cirrus problems years before and if Massimaferro had ordered anything like this…"
"If he did none of us would have had anything to do with him," Marina said, "I can't imagine he'd do that."
"I didn't," Massimaferro said as he came in, "I just heard.  Who gave Tony Stack those orders?"
"We weren't graced with that information," Suvorov said, "You mean that they did this… Oh gods… I've been such a fool…"
"You had no reason to believe differently," Medo said, "Stack couldn't have done this alone, you know.   Someone had to know."
"I can't go to Siraq now," Massimaferro said, "We need to take care of this mess…"
"What are we going to do about it?" Insegniferro said, "Roland and Simon will be at the Siraqi palace before we can get to them.  Cirrus is a problem, but if those trade talks don't go off without a hitch…"
"Our economy for the next few years will take a nasty hit," Medo finished, "He's right, Massy.   We need to go to those negotiations."
"We don't know yet if Stack was involved in something big or if it was just an aberration," Insegniferro said, "I want to get to the bottom of it too, but we can't do it at the expense of the economy."
"And I'm the only one that the Siraqis will accept now," Massimaferro sighed, "What are we going to do?"
"Try to get a hold of Paulus," Insegniferro said, "He can look in on it down there better than we can.  He and Tolando probably already have heard of it if they are there."
"I still don't like it," Massimaferro grunted, "Do I at least get to try Stack if we find him?"
"We'll hold him for when you get back," Iggy said, clapping Massy on the shoulder, "The main thing right now is to get you two out in the north and building some goodwill for when we have to reveal what happened down south."
"Looks like we're still due to leave tomorrow," Medo said to Massimaferro, "You ready for the road?"
"Ask yourself that question," Massimaferro suggested, "Considering I plan on having you hold your first session in one of the smaller towns near Skolnik, since you know the people up there."
"Lovely," Medo sighed, "I guess I should have seen that coming."
"Don't worry," Massimaferro said, "You'll be ready."
"I hope…" Medo said.
He wasn't at all sure.

Chapter 44 - A Mullinix Motorcade

The movement of a Mullinix on tour was a newsworthy event, and people tended to come out to watch and catch a glimpse of the people who made their country work.  Where the personal representatives went largely unnoticed, the Mullinix themselves couldn't go anywhere without a large contingent of guards and using motorized vehicles.  They didn't have time to use the usual bicycle transportation that most Mullinix citizens did.
The Mullinix used a large motorized vehicle called a land barge.  Powered by steam, the unique vehicle was the size of a twentieth century Winnebago, with half of it enclosed for protection from the elements and the other half open to allow the Mullinix to sit or stand and wave to the crowds as they traveled.  It was a sight to see for all involved.
The Mullinix vehicles were prepared early in the morning for Massimaferro and Medoferro to leave and get on the road.  They were due in Nessun Cucchiaio by that afternoon for some formal ceremonies and to hear a few cases.  The vehicles were loaded up; nearly ready to go and the usual contingent of people was surrounding them, though a few special ones had been let behind the lines.
"You ready for your first big trip?" Miranda asked him, "You're looking good for it."
"Still a little shaken by yesterday," Medo shrugged, "But I'm good.   Looking forward to being out of the palace for a while."
"Well," Miranda grinned, "One good thing for you.  I've cabled my mother and told her she might get a special visit and to have her specialty waiting."
"I'll remember to make the stop," Medo grinned, "When are you getting back to the area?"
"I've been accepted for Medico training," she told him, "So I go home in about two weeks.   If you're still up there I'll pop in to see you."
"I'll look for you," Medo promised, "Good luck, guys."
"Come on, Medo," Massimaferro said, "We've got time to make."
Medoferro hugged Stacy, Marina and Miranda then jumped into the open vehicle next to Massimaferro, waving to the crowds as he was supposed to.  The convoy, consisting of three vehicles and nearly two dozen guards, took off going at a slow steady pace through the capital.  Before long they were cruising at a leisurely twenty miles an hour in the countryside, as fast as the steam powered vehicles could go efficiently.
"How long until Nessun?" Medo asked him.
"About four hours or more," Massimaferro said, "Depends on if it starts raining or not.  These blasted things are slower than horses when it rains."
"So why do we use them?" Medo wondered, "I'd think it would be easier to use horses."
"Horses make a mess in town," Massimaferro chuckled, "These can also go for hours without taking a break."
"They're better security-wise," Suvorov said, moving up into the front, "In normal running they only go twenty to thirty miles an hour, but if we have to we can run them up to a half hour at double that.   Something you can't do at all on a horse."
"You feeling better today, Rav?" Medo asked him, "Actually sleep a little last night?"
"Knowing that Insegniferro didn't order that mess helped," Suvorov admitted, "I still had the nightmares, but now that the ghosts have been revealed…"
"You can sleep a bit better," Massimaferro nodded, "I wish you'd told us sooner.  If LaPorte knew about that stuff, I'll kick his ass myself."
"That much I don't know," Suvorov shrugged, "I was a peon."
"So what are we expecting over the next few days?" Medo asked Massy, "Are these trips usually slow or fast?"
"A lot of traveling, A little sightseeing and a lot of bullshit," Massimaferro said, "We end up taking the dumbest cases on these trips.   They tend to be the best ways to learn, though.  Taliaferro and I went out soon after I was chosen."
"Why Tali and not Iggy?" Medo wondered.
"Iggy hates to travel," Massy chuckled, "Not to mention he was not much older than I was.   Tali figured that he'd be better off traveling with me and letting Iggy get the hang of things at home on his own."
"I can see that," Medo nodded, "No need for that here because you both are experienced."
"Exactly," Massy nodded, "Tali and I had a great time too.  Learned a lot and he was always showing me little things about each area.   By the time he and I went out he was old enough to have been to all the parts of the empire more than once.  That man loved to travel."
"Speaking of traveling," Medo said, "Where are we going after Nessun Cucchiaio?"
"Polonion and Macmanite for sure," Massy said, "Where we go after that depends a lot on if we hear from Roland and Simon.   If the Siraqis want to do this quickly, we'll head pretty straight for Skolnik, doing a few small areas on the way.   If they want to delay it a couple weeks we'll head north and stop at Serenik and Hulkensuxor."
"All places I've never been," Medo said, "Before I went to Mullinix Centre I'd never really gone any further than Ralton or the Border Villages up near Siraq."
"Later this year we'll do a longer tour," Massimaferro promised, "Once we get Cirrus back under control."
"We will probably have to go down there," Medo said, "I think half our problem is that there's no real presence to know what is going on there."
"That is why Paulus is there," Massy shrugged, "We'll cross that bridge when we come to it."
"Think we have enough guards?" Medo asked, looking around, "Two vehicles full of them?"
"I'd have taken another unit if Massy had let me," Suvorov grumped, "Especially since they still haven't found Tony Stack yet."
"Somehow I doubt we really have to worry about Medo," Massy said, "Stacy told me about how he took down that creep.   I think the old man would be proud."
"I'll let the guards handle it," Medo said, "Are they all guards though?"
"Three communications weenies," Massimaferro told him, "Two photographers, a photoplay operator and a Medico."
"Won't there be Medicos out there if we need them?" Medo wondered, shaking his head at all the people there just for them.
"Easier to take one with us," Massy said, "I felt the same way at first, but you get used to it.  People like it when their leaders give them a show.  You aren't there just to keep them safe, though that is part of it.  You are also there to entertain them."
"The cases usually any different out here?" Medo asked him, "Or is it all the same after a while?"
"The local cases tend to be easier," Massimaferro said, "After years of deciding who lives and dies or if someone is supporting a child for the rest of their life a minor assault case tends to be really easy."
"That's why you want me to take cases out here," Medo nodded, "So I can get my feet wet."
"Exactly," Massy nodded, "Something could happen to me or Iggy tomorrow and you would have to be able to do it.  You shouldn't have to do it alone for a long time, but I want you to start getting the hang of it early."
"I'll think about it," Medo said, "So what do you usually do on these trips?"
"Enjoy the scenery or sleep," Massimaferro grinned, "Your choice."
"I think I'll take the latter," Medo said, kicking back on the seat, "Especially since there won't be anything interesting until we get to Nessun."
"Suit yourself," Massimaferro said, "Care to play a game of cards, Rav?"
"Sure," Suvorov nodded, "Choose the game…"

Chapter 45 - Communication Problems

"They always have an excuse," Paulus said as he walked out and saw Tolando, "The lines are down again today."
"Very convenient, isn't it," Tolando said, "They aren't challenging you openly, just making it so that we can't be effective."
"This place is unreal," Paulus said, "I've never seen a more thoroughly defeated populous.  I mean even the people under that idiot in Siraq have more fun than the average Cirrus citizen."
"Do you think LaPorte will keep your meeting?" Tolando wondered, "Or will he cancel out on you again."
"If he doesn't you and I are going back to Mullinix Centre," Paulus said, "I'm getting thoroughly sick of this bullshit.  Massimaferro is going to get an earful of it too."
They walked through the base's main parade ground.  In some ways, it resembled a prison camp more than a military base.  Most of the soldiers had a look of quiet desperation on them, most of them simply counting out time until they got to leave this dreary place.
"You know," Paulus told Tolando as they walked, "I have yet to see a Mullinix Times out here.   I usually read it every morning, but haven't been able to get one."
"I don't think anyone gets them here," Tolando said, "Sounds like the only way anyone below the rank of Major gets news is from the officers."
"That's not a good situation either," Paulus said, "I can't believe that Iggy and Massy let this place get as screwed up as it has."
"There was always something more important going on," Tolando shrugged, "That's what it looks like anyway."
"And look what it got us," Paulus snapped, "A load of bullshit and thousands of pissed off people!"
Tolando decided to keep quiet for a few minutes while Paulus steamed.  He knew his boss pretty well and knew that he was just frustrated.   Paulus cooled off after a little while and looked at his longtime guard.
"This place is enough to make anyone insane, isn't it?" Paulus asked Tolando.
"Always has been," Tolando agreed amicably.
"Ok," Paulus said, "You've got something on your mind.  Spill it."
"You're going at it the wrong way," Tolando said, "The top may be rotten, but that's not the overall problem anymore."
"What do you think the problem is?" Paulus wondered.
"The rank and file are turning against the empire," Tolando said, "The rot at the top can be cleaned out fairly easily.   The hard part will be repairing the damage at the base.   The hardest part of any house to fix is a rotten foundation."
Paulus nodded and thought about that.  Tolando was certainly right, the problems at the bottom were only going to get worse and spread.  He just hoped that the problems at the top wouldn't prevent him from getting the foundation the help needed in time.
The two men walked into the command building and were surprised by what they saw.  It was the first time they'd actually gone directly to Colonel LaPorte's residence instead of to his office in the building across the quad.  Evidently, LaPorte had decided that they were going to continue to be an annoyance until he actually talked to them.
"Where the hell does a Civil Colonel get the cash for a place like this?" Tolando asked Paulus quietly, "This place is more opulent than the palace is."
"Much more," Paulus nodded, looking around, "The palace isn't supposed to be opulent, but I've been in the capitals of Siraq, Serenia and Gottgol and only the Palace in Siraq even comes close."
"Something is rotten in Cirrus," Tolando frowned, "We really need to let them know up in the Centre."
"I want to talk to LaPorte first," Paulus said, "I'm curious to see what a man who lives in a place such as this is like."
They were led into a room that looked more like a sitting room of a prince than a Colonel of an area that was barely under control.  The desk that Colonel LaPorte stood behind was bigger than any the men had ever seen, dwarfing the fat man who sat behind it talking to another man, a very tired and wary looking one.
Colonel LaPorte sat up in his stylish chair looking down at the visitors, a bemused smile on his face.  He reached up and stroked his impeccably groomed facial hair as he took in Paulus and Tolando.  Paulus walked in and went right over to the desk, knowing that he had the authority to do so.  
Anthony Stack, fresh from his escape from the Mullinix Centre guards, looked really frightened when he saw the Mullinix representative.  Tolando noticed, but took his customary seat by the door so as to not have to pay attention to the conversation opening.
"Mr. Tally, I presume," Colonel LaPorte said, "Please have a seat.   I'm sure you know my old friend, Anthony Stack."
"Yes," Paulus nodded, wondering why the Mullinix Centre clerk was down in Cirrus, "How are you, Anthony?"
"O...ok… I guess," Stack stammered, glad that word hadn't made it to Paulus about his fugitive status, "Wasn't expecting to see you down here, Paulus."
"I've been down here for nearly a bloody month," Paulus said, "Been trying to see the Colonel here for most of that time."
"I do apologize," Colonel LaPorte said, standing up and offering a hand, "It has been a very busy and trying time down here."
"I see that," Paulus said, shaking hands with the Colonel, "Luckily I came down here for a thorough look-see.   We've had plenty to look at."
"Have you now?" Colonel LaPorte asked, "Anything out there I need to know?"
"Just a few questions, that's all," Paulus said, "Did you know how bad the morale among your soldiers was getting?"
"I've heard a few rumors," Colonel LaPorte nodded, "As bad as things have been getting down here with the Mavelans doing raids across the border I'm not surprised.  I've been trying to convince your boss to let us do more about them for a couple years now."
"I'll keep it in mind," Paulus said, unconvinced, "Nice place you have here, Colonel."
"Isn't it?" Colonel LaPorte acknowledged, his vanity stroked, "It used to belong to the Mavelan Governor of the Cirrus region.  When they ran him out we came in and built the base around it."
"I see," Paulus nodded, accepting it for now, "I would like to see some of the records on the raids, especially that nasty one last month."
"I sent all of them up north," LaPorte said, "Didn't you receive them, Anthony?"
"I believe they are up there," Stack nodded, "In fact young Medoferro himself was just in to review them."
"You don't have your copies down here?" Paulus asked him, "You know you are supposed to keep copies of all files…"
"They were in the warehouse in the city," Colonel LaPorte said, "I'm sure you saw the ashes of it when you were there."
"Yes," Paulus nodded, "Have you done anything about those catapults raining down on the city?"
"The Mountains are off limits," Colonel LaPorte said, "We'd like to, but until we convince Massimaferro…"
"Yes, yes," Paulus said, "Where are your other commanders?"
"At various points on the post," LaPorte said, "Feel free to talk to anyone you like."
"I will do that," Paulus nodded, "I just wanted to meet with you finally."
"Not a problem," LaPorte agreed, "It is nice to meet you as well."
"Do you know what is wrong with the lines up north?" Paulus asked, "As they seem to be down an awful lot."
"I wouldn't know," LaPorte lied outright, "They worked for a few hours yesterday, enough for me to make my weekly report to Insegniferro.  The lines down here were never particularly good, having been laid in haste.   I'm sure we'll have it back together later on."
"Make sure I am informed immediately," Paulus told him, "I have a report to make as well."
"Certainly," Colonel LaPorte nodded, "Come back again, Mr. Tally."
"Don't worry," Paulus nodded, "I will."
Paulus and Tolando left the room, both muttering.  Paulus realized that he wouldn't get anything useful out of LaPorte, so he decided to try some of the subordinates.  Anthony Stack let out a sigh of relief when they left.  He looked over at Colonel LaPorte, who reached for a bottle of wine to pour another glass.
"Damn it Ellis," Stack said, "The Mullinix will have a collective fit once they find out I'm down here.   There's an all points issued out on me up there.  Once Paulus Tally makes that report…"
"He won't be making that report," Colonel LaPorte said, "The lines are still down and will remain that way for the foreseeable future."
"So what are we going to do?" Stack asked him, "Medoferro survived another attempt and now they know about some of what we've been doing down here.  Word is that idiot Srado is still alive."
"He doesn't know anyone other than you," LaPorte said, "He was hired muscle.  They don't know you work for me."
"You can't keep this quiet forever," Stack told him, "I mean if Tally does make a report somehow…"
"He won't," LaPorte said firmly, "I have people watching them.  They won't get on the line and if they try to leave the Cirrus area we'll take them down.  By the time they figure out what happened Cirrus will be back in Mavelan hands and we will be sitting here as true governors, no longer subject to any ridiculous Mullinix law."
"Here, here," Stack said, "What do you want me to do in the meantime?"
"Thanks to that meddling Mullinix we've got to move quickly," LaPorte said, "Why on earth did you attack him then?"
"He brought the Cossy girl in to the records room," Stack explained, "They actually went through the damned reports.   Nobody knew they were there and I figured, incorrectly as it turned out, that Srado and his idiots could take care of a teenager and a female guard."
"How the hell did the kid survive?" LaPorte wondered, "Either of them get hurt?"
"Not a scratch," Stack said, "Weirdest damn thing.  Srado survived, his two men were both dead.  One of those idiots of Srado's probably outweighed both Medo and the bitch put together."
"Nothing we can do now," LaPorte told him, "We need to get you out of Mullinix controlled territory.  Since your mistake has probably put them on alert we need to push things up.  Head down south and talk to Facie.  I was going to send Joe, but you'll be better for it right now."
"Very well," Stack said, "I'll go.  I can be over the border by midnight if you give me the correct codes."
"Talk to Joe," LaPorte said, "He has them.  I have to get my bullshit ready for a meeting with Massimaferro over the line.  We just need a bit more time to push the rest of the way."
Anthony Stack nodded and headed off out the door.   Colonel LaPorte pulled a fine Mavelan cigar out of a holder in his desk and lit it, warming it slowly over the flame.   He took a big puff and smiled as he looked at the nearly obligatory picture of the Mullinix on the wall.
"Goodbye Mullinix," LaPorte said to the image of Massimaferro, "Hello Governor LaPorte…"

Chapter 46 - Nessun Cucchiaio

The rumblings from the crowd were audible from the outskirts of Nessun Cucchiaio as the vehicles slowed down to allow a controlled entry.  Word of the impending Mullinix arrival had spread hours before and much faster than the men themselves actually traveled.
"Good gods," Medoferro said as he saw the people, "I suppose this is a bad time to mention that I bloody hate crowds?"
"Records state that there have been very few Mullinix who didn't," Massimaferro chuckled, "Of which I am one, of course.   Don't sweat it though.   We only have to go through this once per town.   Basically, we give the people a little show and they eat it up."
"So half our job is simply to give people a show?" Medo said, "What a way to run an empire…"
"It's part of the principle of governing," Massimaferro said, "There are three ways to rule a nation.   Care to hear them?"
"Sure," Medo chuckled, "We've got some time before we get in there."
"The first one is fear," Massy told him, "That's how that idiot Facie down south stays in power.  They're so afraid of what he'll do to them that they no longer try to get rid of him."
"You'd think someone would try to kill him," Medo said, "Or have they?"
"His security is good," Massy said, "Even better than ours.  Has to be considering his people roundly hate his guts.  He routinely survives about three or four attempts a year.   We keep hoping one day they'll be successful."
"So what is the second way?" Medo wondered.
"Hate," Massy said flat out, "That's how Serenia's government stays in power.   You tow the line or you either die or face expulsion.  It's a sad place to live.  They hate anyone or anything that is not like them.  It's why they don't like us very much.  We accept anyone and anything.  The only reason they don't fight with us is because we give them an outlet for getting rid of people they don't like."
"I've heard about that government," Medo nodded, "There's a whole community in Skolnik of Serenian expatriates."
"Most of it is true," Massy said, "Their people enjoy it though, so who is to judge.   Just so long as they keep it within their borders, I'm not going to argue.  Serenik and Hulkensuxor are both cities formed almost entirely of Serenian expatriates."
"And the third way?" Medo wondered.
"With the consent of the people," Massy smiled, "Which is the type of government we have.  We serve the people, keep them safe and keep things in order.  That is what most people want, freedom from worrying about their government.  We let them live their lives and do what they wish to with them, only asking that they give the same thing that everyone does."
"With some exceptions," Medo frowned, remembering how he was drafted.
"Of course," Massy grinned, "The big thing is to be fair.   No one person is better than anyone else.   People also want a show.   So we give them what they want.   Something to be proud of and something to make them think they are a part of it all, even if a small one.   So we make a showy entrance, make the people happy."
"What do we get out of it?" Medo asked him, "Cause I hate this stuff…"
"Usually the best food they have to offer," Massy grinned, "These trips, like most everything else, are steeped in tradition.   The first day is always filled with ceremonies.  Good food, good people and a few miserable speeches."
"Do I have to speak?" Medo asked him.
"Not tonight," Massy said, "You're still new.  You just get to sit back and watch."
Watching is pretty much what Medoferro did as they entered into the city.  Nessun Cucchiaio was a moderate size city, one of the older ones in the empire.  Massimaferro ate up the crowd's adulation, while Medoferro had a hard time just standing up and waving.  
"Look happy," Massy grinned, "This is the most fun you'll ever have as a Mullinix."
Medo shook his head and chuckled.  He sincerely hoped not, as he didn't find having thousands of eyeballs looking at them anymore fun than he would have being strung up by his toenails.  He did his best to look as though he was enjoying it, though he would rather have been anywhere else.
The procession ended at the city center, with the vehicles pulling up in front of a city stage, not unlike the one in Mullinix Centre. Most cities in the empire had stages like this, for shows and public events.  Massimaferro climbed onto the stage and offered Medoferro a hand in getting up there.  The two Mullinix waved at the crowd as they walked onto the stage, to be joined by the Colonel who oversaw the city.
"Ladies and Gentleman," Colonel Serim said, "I welcome you to a special day for Nessun Cucchiaio!  A visit from not just Mullinix Massimaferro, but the new apprentice Mullinix Medoferro!"
The crowd roared at this point, showing their approval of the trip.  It was hard not to be caught up in the moment, the adulation was oozing from the people and Medoferro began to see what Massimaferro meant.  When the crowd calmed down Colonel Serim went into a further speech that Medoferro did a pretty good job of tuning out.
The young man let his eyes wander out over the crowd, looking at all the people who were staring at him.   From the prettiest young women to the oldest men in the crowd, everyone out there knew him and looked up to him.  He still felt overwhelmed, but was beginning to realize just how important this sort of thing was to them.
"And now…" Serim said once he finished his speech, "I present, with all due diligence, Mullinix Massimaferro!"
The crowd screamed again in approval.  Massimaferro let the crowd scream and smiled at them.  He pushed back his hair and took his position behind the podium, finally giving the crowd a gentle sign that he was ready to speak.  Massimaferro worked them like the expert he was at it, this being the one part of being Mullinix he was actually good at.  Once the crowd had quieted enough to be heard he began to speak.
"Thank you for this warm welcome!" Massimaferro exclaimed loudly, "It is a wonderful feeling, being so warmly received by such a crowd!  One thing I always feel when I come here is that I am in one of the vital organs of the empire!"
The crowd erupted again, though Medoferro couldn't quite understand why.  Massimaferro wasn't saying anything particularly groundbreaking or important, at least to Medoferro's now admittedly jaded eye.   Massimaferro waited for the crowd to calm down before continuing.
"This Empire is not about one man or woman," Massimaferro said, deciding to go into a little speech, "While I feel humbled by your welcome, I feel it is my duty to remind you what it is that this nation is really about.   It is about the ability to live without fear from injustice or intolerance.   It is the ability to pursue your life without undue interference from this government."
"Laying it on really thick," Medoferro mumbled, "Aren't you?"
"I want you to look around at the people standing around you," Massimaferro continued, ignoring Medo's remark, "I am not what makes this nation great.  It is those people you see around you.  Your friends, your neighbors, your lovers, your competitors.    It is all of you who do your small parts, small parts of the great whole."
Medoferro watched the crowd as Massimaferro continued on in this vein.  The young man thought that his boss's speech was cheesy, but he couldn't deny the effect it was having on the crowd that was watching them.  Everyone, young and old, ate it up as if it was being directed straight at them.  
"I would like you to remember," Massimaferro said, going into his closing, "Everything you or I do will affect someone else.  This nation works only because we all can work together.  Whatever your differences with people are, work them out amicably so we can get on with what really matters.  Building a better Mullinix Empire!"
The crowd cheered Massimaferro in approval.  The applause was deafening as people whistled, cheered and made as much noise as they could.  Massimaferro knew that his speech was over and cued the band to start some music, completing the show for the people.  Medoferro watched, almost in wonder, as people started dancing in the streets.
"That's one nice thing about this city," Massimaferro told Medoferro, "The people are easy to please and love to dance…"
"Am I going to be expected to make speeches like that?" Medo asked him quietly.
"I do it because I can," Massy chuckled, his voice almost hidden by the noise, "Iggy can't do more than say a few words.   I figure you'll probably be somewhere in between."
"So what do we do now?" Medo wondered.
"Kick back and dance," Massimaferro said, his body starting to move with the beat, "You only live once and only get to Nessun Cucchiaio once in a while."
Medoferro smiled and started his jerky, uncoordinated dancing, joining with the crowd on stage.  It turned out to be the highlight of the ceremony for him, with it being more fun than any other part of it.

Chapter 47 - A Longing

"Why the long face, Miranda?" Stacy asked her friend as she returned to the room, "You look as though you've lost your best friend."
"Not exactly," Miranda sighed, "You're still here.  Miss seeing Simon and Medo though."
"Don't con me, kiddo," Stacy chuckled, "It is Medo you are longing for, isn't it?"
"Yeah," Miranda sighed, "I know it can't go anywhere, but…"
"You still like him," Stacy nodded, "I can understand that.  It isn't as if he doesn't like you too."
"I guess," Miranda grumped, "But I mean with all those girls at the palace… he doesn't even have to turn an eye to someone like me.  I mean look at me… I'm small, an insignificant girl from a little border village."
"One who was thought enough of to almost become a Mullinix," Stacy reminded her, "You're as good as he is, you know."
"I am still trying to forget how close I came," Miranda frowned, "But that's beside the point, I mean, with all of them up there…  Why would he even care…"
"You know," Stacy said, "I've spent a bit of time up there lately, hanging out with Marina.   I've learned a few things about the women up there."
"What's that?" Miranda asked her.
"Most of them have had problems in their past," Stacy said, "I know that's true in Marina's case.   I could go chapter and verse into what hell that girl went through as a child.   It left her with some serious emotional problems."
"But why do they…" Miranda said, then stopped as she figured it out, "It's a place with no true attachment, no need for it…"
"Bingo," Stacy said, "Monogamy doesn't tend to go over well in that place.  It can't, the Mullinix are too busy too much of the time.   They don't have time to go out and date and if they are sexually frustrated they don't get much done."
"It still leaves me out in the cold though," Miranda sighed, "Not much I can do about it though."
"Enjoy what time you get," Stacy shrugged, "You're right, Medo is pretty well locked into that life now, but you never know.   You might just get a little lucky sometime."
"It would take more than luck," Miranda said, "It would take a total flouting of all the traditions.  Something I don't think I'm willing to do and I doubt he would even consider at this point."
"Gotta love it," Stacy chuckled, "So what are you going to do?"
"Just got my official paperwork," Miranda said, her mood brightening a little, "My sister came through for me.  I'm going back to the border village and will apprentice with her while I take classes two days a week in Skolnik."
"Nice," Stacy said, "I'll probably be either here or in one of the other schools next session since they haven't reassigned me yet."
"That's always fun," Miranda said, "Hopefully they'll give you a couple weeks off when I get out of here next week."
"Next week?" Stacy asked her, "The session still has about two weeks to go, doesn't it?"
"Medico students always get out early," Miranda reminded her, "We have to go spend a few days at our school for orientation before we go to our apprenticeships."
"I forgot," Stacy admitted, "I will miss having you around too."
"If you get time off come up to the trade fairs," Miranda suggested, "I'll get you some good deals on stuff."
"I might have to do that," Stacy chuckled, "Considering my apartment could do with a bit of sprucing up, though I don't know why.  I haven't been there in months."
"Don't you have friends or anything?" Miranda asked her.
"A few," Stacy shrugged, "But most of them are far in the past too."
"That sucks," Miranda sighed, "I almost wish we could just stay here like it is."
"Look at it this way, Miranda," Stacy chuckled, "At least you get to stop eating the rotten food."
"There will be a place at my mother's dinner table for you if you come on up for a visit," Miranda chuckled, "I promise."
"I'll take you up on that," Stacy grinned, "Count on it.  I heard Medo raving about your mother's pastries."
"That's nothing," Miranda smiled, "You should see when she puts on a full course meal…"

Chapter 48 - Insegniferro’s Worry

"You look lonely, Iggy," Marianna said to the elder Mullinix, "It's quiet around here without Massy or Medo, huh?"
"Too quiet," Insegniferro nodded, "Good for reading, however."
"How do you think things are going?" Marianna wondered, "It looks like Medo is turning out all right."
"It's not him I'm worried about right now," Insegniferro said, "Massimaferro is more my worry right now.  He's never been all that good with diplomacy.  He's got a smooth outside and is good with people, but a very low tolerance for bullshit."
"That might be a good thing with Siraq," Marianna said, "I remember that slime ball from when he made a state visit ten years ago.   He kissed my hand and I felt as if I wanted a cold shower afterwards."
"The King over there always was a slimy SOB," Iggy agreed, "Too bad his father didn't have any other legitimate children."
"I never understood that," Marianna said, "Why give power to someone so obviously unworthy of it?"
"Not everyone operates like we do, Marianna," Iggy reminded her, "They believe that such things should be hereditary.  We think they should go on merit.   We've had problems in the past as well.  Who's to say who is right?"
"You don't look too disappointed in not having to deal with him," Marianna chuckled.
"I'm not," Iggy shrugged, "I'm more worried about Cirrus anyway.  Siraq is a pain, always was.  I don't think even Massy's temper can make that a real problem."
"Cirrus has been a problem for years," Marianna said, "What is different now?"
"That can of worms that Medo opened up," Iggy told him, "That's something that worries the hell out of me.   I want to know who Stack was actually working for, whether it was for LaPorte or for someone else."
"LaPorte has been down there for years," Marianna said, "Why would he go bad on us now?"
"I spent most of the day reading the reports," Iggy said, "Either someone is whitewashing for him too or he's feeding bullshit to us lock stock and barrel.   Paulus hasn't contacted us either, and he's been down there over a month.   Something is very rotten down there."
"He usually contacts several times a week," Marianna said, "I hope nothing has happened to him."
"You and me both," Iggy agreed, "If I haven't heard from him by the time I talk to LaPorte tomorrow I'll make LaPorte get him for me."
Marianna nodded and looked at Iggy.  The strain of the situation was beginning to tell on him a little.  She sat next to him, trying to give a little support.  She'd been Massimaferro's favorite for a while, but she came in soon after Insegniferro did, so she knew him pretty well.   He hadn't seemed this down since Molly's death, some fifteen years before.
"You look lonely, Iggy," Marianna said, "Are you sure you want to stay alone and read tonight?"
"I'm ok, Marianna," Iggy said, putting a hand on her shoulder, "I will take a back rub while I read more of this garbage though."
"I'd be happy to oblige," Marianna smiled, standing up and moving behind the elder Mullinix.

Chapter 48 - Life in Siraq

"How much can we talk here?" Simon asked Roland as they rode, "The people are looking at us like we’re from outer space…"
"They always do that," Roland shrugged, "Especially when we get close to the Siraqi palace."
"We aren’t that scary are we?" Simon asked, miming checking his pits, "We don’t smell that bad, I mean we showered in Skolnik before we crossed the border."
"We’re heading towards the palace and moving freely," Roland said, "That means that we are known by the palace.  Anyone known by the palace is a threat and they treat us as such."
"Is the government that bad here?" Simon wondered, "I can’t imagine…"
"You’re from the capital city, right?" Roland asked him.
"Born and raised," Simon confirmed, "I’m a city boy."
"The capital is a great place," Roland told him, "But it insulates you from the rest of the world.   I’m sure Medo has been up here once or twice, or at least near the border.  The world is a dangerous place, Simon.   Just because we’ve civilized our part of it doesn’t mean everyone is as lucky."
"Or as smart," Simon nodded, "I’ve got a lot to learn, don’t I?"
"You’re doing ok," Roland chuckled, "You should have seen me on my first foreign trip.  I nearly caused a diplomatic incident in Serenia."
"How did you manage that?" Simon asked him, "That sounds like a good story."
"It started with this young woman," Roland grinned, remembering fondly, "That just happened to be the favorite daughter of their religious leader…"

Chapter 49 - Another Attempt at a Line...

"We've got to get a hold of that line," Paulus told Tolando, "Massimaferro has to know what is going on down in this hole."
"No argument here," Tolando nodded, "But if the line is down the only option is to travel."
"That line isn't down," Paulus said, "No way in hell it could be.  Insegniferro would have sent more troops down here assuming the war had started if the lines had been down for a goddamned month.   LaPorte is lying to us."
"What do you think he's up to?" Tolando asked, "I can't figure out for the life of me why he'd be doing any of this."
"That doesn't make sense to me either," Paulus admitted, "Though I have some ideas."
They walked up the hallway and found the control room they were looking for.   Paulus went in and slipped the lock on the room.  Tolando watched the door and kept his hand on his weapon, figuring that if trouble were to come to them anywhere in this forsaken city it would be as they tried to take control of the circuit.
"You can't be in here!" the young operator said, "This is a restricted area!"
"I'm the personal representative of Mullinix Massimaferro," Paulus told the young man, using his most authoritative voice, "I want a line to Mullinix Centre.   Right now."
"I can't…" the young man said.
"Why not?" Paulus asked him, "LaPorte order you not to?"
The young man nodded.
"I'm countermanding his order," Paulus said, "Get out of the way.  I can make the connection myself.  Tolando, keep an eye on him."
Tolando pulled out his sword and stared down the young man who shrank away.  Paulus got behind the controls and started pushing the buttons to get the connection started to the Palace.
"Make it quick," Tolando suggested, "If LaPorte's people figure out what we're doing…"
"I know, I know," Paulus grunted, "Palace line, Paulus Tally reporting in.  Urgent request for nearest Mullinix."
"Mullinix on the way sir," the palace operator said.
"Make it quick," Paulus said, "I don't have much time."
Colonel LaPorte stumbled towards the wire room, looking at the young man who had come to get him.   He was angry that his orders were not being listened to and that Paulus had been let into that room at all.
"Cut that damned line!" LaPorte said, "So help me if he talks to anyone up there…"
Paulus paced around the room, mumbling nasty things.  Tolando kept his back to the door and pressure against it.  It was nearly three minutes before there was any motion on the line.  Paulus heard the unmistakable sounds of someone sitting down at the secure seat, where the Mullinix usually took calls of this type from.
"Paulus!" Insegniferro said, his voice resonating over the tinny line, "Where the hell…"
Paulus was about to start speaking when the line went dead.   LaPorte's people had pulled the physical line out at the base of the building while his personal guards started pounding on the doors.   Tolando did his best to keep them out, but was ultimately unsuccessful as they managed to open both doors over the communications room.
Tolando fought as best he could, protecting his boss until the end of his life.  Unfortunately for him, the end of his life came quickly at the end of the nearly half dozen crossbow points that perforated his corpse.   
As he watched his longtime guard and friend fall to the floor Paulus raised his hands in surrender, knowing that fighting further at this point in time would lead to him joining Tolando down on the floor.  LaPorte walked into the room and looked at the pesky Mullinix representative.
"Get him out of here," LaPorte said, "Put him down in the special prisoner's wing in my basement.   Make sure none of the rank and file sees him.   Keep him away from the others as well."
"You won't get away with this, LaPorte," Paulus seethed, "You know damn well that Insegniferro is going to be asking about me."
"You left this morning," LaPorte said nonchalantly, "The line was damaged during a raid a few minutes ago.  We got you cut off before you could speak, so you were never here."
"That won't hold water and you know it," Paulus told him, "You're a dead man, LaPorte.  Your body just hasn't realized it yet."
"Talk is cheap," LaPorte said, "So is life.  Get this thing out of my sight."
All Paulus could do was glare as they dragged him out of the control room.  Colonel LaPorte watched with an amused eye as his troops looked at him for instructions.  LaPorte looked at the body of Tolando and gave it a gentle nudge with his overdressed foot.
"Throw that body down in the dungeon with Tally," LaPorte ordered, "Then take a few of the prisoners and bring them up out to where Jake broke the line.   Kill them all and take some pictures.   We'll put the line back on in about four hours, at which time I'll tell Insegniferro about the great battle we had here."
"He'll never fall for it, sir," one young man said, "Too many people will know…"
"He doesn't have to for long," LaPorte shrugged, "Just long enough…"

Chapter 50 - What the…

"Get that line back!" Insegniferro exclaimed, "Are you sure it was Paulus?"
"Yes sir," the young operator said, "I've talked to Paulus Tally repeatedly over this line.  I recognize his voice."
"Was it a technical fault on our end?" Insegniferro asked him.
"Negative sir," one of the technicians said, "I made a test call to Taliaferro Village.  They said that the line went dead from the Cirrus end."
"Keep on that line," Insegniferro ordered him, "I want you to get LaPorte on there as soon as you can.  Tell him that I want to talk to my man and that he'd better put a full search out if he doesn't have him close by."
"Right away, Mullinix," the young operator nodded, "I'll keep on it all night if I have to."
Insegniferro nodded and walked out of the room.  He was feeling a little bit alone in the palace, especially with Massimaferro and Medoferro off up north.  He was beginning to have a really bad feeling about the mess down in Cirrus.
"Is there anything I can do, Iggy?" Marina asked as she walked in, "You look a bit frustrated."
"Yeah," Iggy nodded, thinking about it, "Have records bring me Colonel LaPorte's full dossier.  Also get a meeting scheduled for the division commanders of the guard."
"You got it," Marina nodded, "Anything else?"
"Coffee," Iggy said, almost as an afterthought, "It's going to be a long night."
"Should we get a line to Massy and Medo?" Marina asked him, "Has it gotten to the point that they need to know?"
"They have enough to worry about," Iggy chuckled, "Until I hear from LaPorte or Paulus there's no point setting them to worry."
"I'll have your coffee up there soon," Marina promised, nodding.
"I'll be in my office," Iggy said, "I want to be nearby if they get the line back."
"Right," Marina nodded, scurrying off to do the Mullinix's bidding.

Chapter 51 - Dinner and the Business of Government

"Hey Massy," Medoferro said, looking at his plate, "Is this food or is the remains of a bad science project?"
"Their cuisine here is a bit exotic," Massimaferro chuckled, "It won't kill you though.   Some of it is quite good."
"I prefer food that doesn't look back at me," Medo said, poking at the Sheep's eye soup, "Do I gotta eat?"
"Make an attempt," Massimaferro suggested as he chomped on some of the food, "They'll take it as an insult if we don't eat at least some."
Medoferro made an attempt to put down a good chunk of the food, but much of it didn't agree with him.  Massimaferro ate with gusto, making Medoferro wonder if the man had an iron stomach.  Massimaferro chomped on sheep's eyeballs with certain gusto, enjoying the looks Medo was giving him.
"I grew up on the coast," Massimaferro reminded him, "After a steady diet of the disgusting stuff we pulled out of the ocean I can eat pretty much anything."
"Do they eat this all the time?" Medoferro asked, under his breath.
"Not always," Massimaferro said, shaking his head, "It is a local delicacy."
"Do I get to snack later?" Medo asked him.
"Sure," Massimaferro nodded, "We'll have crackers and ale when we talk business after dinner."
"I can't wait to get to Skolnik," Medo said, "At least the food there will be good."
"Food is good in many places," Massimaferro told him, "This is good too if you can get the taste for it."
"I'll take your word on that," Medoferro said, eating a little of the tamer stuff and sipping on the drink, "Really."
Massimaferro chuckled and kept on eating.   There was very little discussed at the table, as this was intended to be a relaxation after a long trip and the speeches.  It continued on for a good long time, dragging out long enough that it began boring Medoferro.
"Welcome to the business of government," Massimaferro said, "Dinner is almost over.  After that it'll be just a small group of us.  You, me, and a couple of the higher up locals."
"I can live with that," Medo said, "I'm sick of people already."
"And this is just the first day," Massimaferro laughed, "I was the same way with Tali.  You get used to it."
The dinner finally finished, though not a moment too soon for Medoferro.  A few final things were said and the leaders headed off to a sitting room.  Massimaferro, Medoferro and Colonel Serim took seats on a couch and were served a fine local brandy and some mints, which a handful of which were readily scoffed down by Medo to get the taste of that dinner out of his mouth.
"Something tells me the young man has a problem with fine cuisine," Colonel Serim laughed, "Where are you from again, Medoferro?"
"Skolnik," Medo said, "Not used to your style of food, but it was very good."
"You chose well, Massimaferro," Serim chuckled, "He's more diplomatic than you'll ever dream of being."
"Someone has to polish off my rough edges," Massimaferro agreed, "Insegniferro can only do so much."
"You'll need it with the Siraqis this year," Serim nodded, "Word is that bastard is going to be trying to take us to the cleaners again this time."
"He usually does," Massimaferro nodded, "One of these days he is going to push us too far and we will find it cheaper to go the long way."
"Or to start bringing things overland through Sotanberg," Serim nodded, "So is that the only reason you're out and about now?  The negotiations?"
"There's always more than one reason," Massimaferro told him, "We need to get out of that place occasionally."
"I imagine with Cirrus heating up like it has been," Serim said solemnly, "This negotiation is going to be a walk in the park."
"Putting it mildly," Medoferro muttered, earning a chuckle.
"I know," Massimaferro nodded, "That's why we're doing this now, so we can turn our attention to the problems down south."
"Guard recruitment is way down, Massimaferro," Serim told him, "Everyone is hearing the stories about how things are going.   Nobody wants to be sent there."
"We just found out a little while ago about some things that were being done that shouldn't have been," Massimaferro told him, "There have been mistakes made.  Paulus Tally is down there now trying to get a handle on how serious it is."
"My sister's kid was down there," Serim told him, "He told me some very disturbing stories about what is going on there."
"Massacres and the like?" Medoferro asked him, deciding he should at least try to be present.
"You know about those?" Serim asked him, "Word on the street is that your people ordered them."
"We just found out about them ourselves," Massimaferro said, "It was Medoferro who found out that someone was performing some monkey work with the records.   That's a fact you can keep under your hat, by the way."
"So you're not ordering the slaughter of civilians down there?" Serim said, almost sounding surprised, "Someone is."
"Paulus is trying to find out who," Massimaferro told him, "I'm right on the edge of sending an entire division down there and throwing out LaPorte and his people."
"Ellis LaPorte is running the show down there?" Serim asked him, "No wonder you're having problems!"
"How so?" Medoferro asked, "His file reads like a model citizen."
"Taliaferro himself suggested him when the last Colonel retired," Massimaferro said, "Medoferro is right, by the way, his file does read…"
"I don't about care what it says," Serim told them, "Ellis LaPorte is a con artist.   He couldn't care less about the empire or its people, just so long as he gets ahead.  Cirrus sounds like it was ripe for a rape, and if he doesn't have any close supervision..."
"What makes you think he'd do that?" Massimaferro said, "It doesn't make sense."
"I went to school with him, thirty years ago," Serim said, "Ellis was ambitious as all hell, the one who would be there when there was something to gain and nowhere to be found when things were going to hell.  Nobody I've ever met who knew him had a kind thing to say, except people who could touch his records."
"I wish someone had told me this before," Massimaferro grumbled, "It's still going to take a back burner to the Siraq negotiations."
"Yes," Serim nodded, "I do have some requests for those negotiations, by the way."
"I figured you would," Massimaferro nodded, rubbing his head a little, "What type of Brandy is this?"
Medoferro looked at the Mullinix and wondered what was wrong, but Massimaferro shrugged it off.   Colonel Serim handed over the bottle and let Massimaferro examine it a little.   He poured himself another small dose of it and offered it to Medo, who declined.
"You ok, Massy?" Medo asked him.
"Yeah," Massimaferro nodded, "Gotta get the Medico to give me a headache tea."
"Rachel!" Colonel Serim yelled, "Can you have Massimaferro's Medico prepare some headache tea for him?"
"Sure!" came the reply.
"What requests do you have?" Massimaferro asked Colonel Serim, "I make no promises, but I'll see what we can do."
"Don't put our clock machinery on the block this time," Serim said, "Most of our manufacturers are barely making ends meet with the low prices they are getting from the Siraqis.  With the reduced metal supply from Sotanberg, we could get better prices from Gottgol or even Damascas."
"That was a big one last time, Serim," Massimaferro told him, "I'll try, but I don't know if we'll get the deal without it."
"You might well get a tax revolt with it," Serim said gravely, "They've been wanting to kill that deal for a while."
"Colonel Serim," Medoferro said, remembering something he read a while back, "Are your farmers still having problems with overproduction?"
"That's one of my problems here, yes," Serim nodded, "Not much you can do for that though."
"What are you thinking, Medo?" Massimaferro asked him, eager for a solution.
"Siraq had a really lousy set of crops," Medoferro said, "Too many mountains and the last few years haven't been kind weather-wise.  They are using way too much of their currency to buy food.   Any bets that they'd take your overstock and save their currency?"
"That could work," Serim nodded, "Even a low price buyer would be welcome for the local crops."
"We'll even offer to kick in some for it," Massimaferro said, "I had almost forgotten about that.  Good call, Medo."
"I'm trying," Medo smiled, "So what else do we have on the table?"
"Nothing much, really," Serim shrugged, "I'm just hoping you can clean up that problem down in Cirrus before it blows up into a full scale war.   I can't promise that people here won't start protesting and refuse to deploy if that happens."
"I know," Massimaferro nodded, "It's been a long day, Colonel Serim.   Would you be offended if Medo and I made our call back to the palace and retired?"
"Not at all," Colonel Serim chuckled, "Especially since you have to face session tomorrow."
"How many are lined up?" Medoferro wondered, not knowing all the protocols yet.
"About twenty," Serim told them, "One of which is a murder case that happened two days ago.   We held him here because we knew you'd be here and it was easier than doing a transport."
"That's fine," Massimaferro said, "We should be able to handle that quickly and be off to Polonion the next day."
"Very well," Colonel Serim said, "We've prepared two rooms for you.   Rachel will show you the way once you use the line room."
"Thank you," Massimaferro said.
Colonel Serim nodded and stood up, retreating to his own quarters.   Massimaferro, having been in this building a few times before, let Medoferro to the line room, instructing the young operator to open a line to the palace for a conference with Insegniferro.
"Massimaferro," Medico Ari Coblein said, walking into the room with a cup, "I have the headache tea you wanted."
"Thank you," Massimaferro said, sipping on it, "This tastes terrible."
"They usually do when they work," the medico reminded him, "Is there anything else before I retire?"
"That's fine, Ari," Massimaferro said, "Thanks."
The medico nodded and slipped out of the room, leaving Medo and Massy alone while they waited for the line to be established.  Medoferro looked around and admired the architecture of the building, something else that this area did well. 
"That was good thinking in there, Medo," Massy told him, "I'd forgotten about the overproduction problems in this area."
"So I'm doing ok?" Medo asked him.
"No complaints from me," Massimaferro said, "If you have ideas I want you to say something."
"So do I do sessions tomorrow or do you?" Medo asked him.
"I do," Massy said, "I'm not going to throw you head first in.   You get to watch tomorrow, especially with the murder case.  I'll let you take the ones in Polonion."
"I'm in no hurry," Medoferro chuckled, "None at all."
"I have the line," the operator said, "Insegniferro will be there in a few."
"Come on in," Massimaferro told Medoferro, "You need to learn how to work one of these too."
They entered a room not unlike the one Paulus had tried to use down in Cirrus City, one equipped with two chairs and an operator.  Massimaferro took one of the chairs and directed Medo to the other one.
"Is the line open?" Massimaferro asked him.
"Yes sir," the operator said, "Do you need me to stay in here?"
"I can handle it from here," Massimaferro told him, "Thanks."
The operator nodded and left the room, closing the door behind him.   Massimaferro tapped the unit in front of him.
"Can you hear me on palace side?" Massimaferro asked.
"Yes," a scratchy voice said, "Insegniferro is on the way.  He will be here shortly."
"Thank you," Massimaferro said and then turned to Medo, "This is our main way of communication when we're out.  You'll get to know these units well."
"I've heard about them," Medo said, "Never actually seen one before I came to the palace."
"We make nightly calls to make sure Iggy is up to date and to make sure we aren't missing anything," Massimaferro explained, "Every major city has one of these stations, all meeting at the palace complex in Mullinix Centre."
"Makes sense," Medoferro nodded.
"I hear you survived your trip in grand style," Insegniferro's scratchy voice came over the unit, "How did Medo do with the food in that place?"
"I did all right," Medo said, "I can live without having my food look back at me though."
"Same thing I said thirty years ago," Insegniferro laughed, "Anything I need to know about Nessun Cucchiaio?"
"Nothing major," Massimaferro said, "They're concerned, rightly so, about the mess in Cirrus."
"So am I," Insegniferro said, "I've been reading files half the evening.  There is no reason for this sort of thing."
"Colonel Serim knew Ellis LaPorte," Massimaferro said, "Told me that he's a conniving schemer that does what he has to do to make himself look good."
"He's sure not distinguished himself in that department," Medoferro said, "He looks pretty bad right now."
"Unless he has another card up his sleeve," Insegniferro said thoughtfully, "I still haven't talked to Paulus, though he did call in."
"What happened?" Massimaferro asked, suddenly concerned.
Insegniferro spent a few minutes explaining what had happened earlier, causing Massimaferro quite a bit of concern.  He and Medoferro looked at each other and shook their heads.
"Are you sending someone down there?" Massimaferro asked him
"As soon as I talk to LaPorte," Insegniferro said, "I will instruct him to get Paulus on the line as soon as possible."
"We'll call in tomorrow night," Massimaferro said, "Let me know what you find."
"No problem," Insegniferro said, "How is Medoferro doing?"
"He saved my butt tonight," Massimaferro said, winking at the young Mullinix, "Came up with something that made Serim happier and gives me ammunition for the trade talks."
"Good," Insegniferro agreed, "I think you have it well in hand.  I will retire to my chambers and read a bit more before I go to sleep.   Good luck."
"You too," Medoferro said.
"That's it," Massimaferro said, "The rest of the evening is ours."
"No ceremony for half the night?" Medo grinned, "No more sheep's eyeballs?"
"Nah," Massimaferro chuckled, "Though we can crack a bottle of wine and see if we can beat Suvorov at cards."
"You mean you can see if you can recover what you lost to him on the way here," Medoferro chided him as they left the room, "I'm all for it, though we should probably skip out on the wine."
"They do make cider here that is heavenly," Massimaferro said, silently agreeing, "I'll have Rachel send up a bottle.   You round up Suvorov and meet me in that common room."
"Works for me," Medoferro agreed as he headed off, "Just prepare to lose again…"

Chapter 52 - A Royal Reception

"Good gods," Simon said, pretty much echoing Roland's words from the first time he'd seen this palace, "Surely this is a mirage?   You can't have something opulent in such a sea of poverty can you?"
"You think it is gaudy on the outside," Roland told Simon, "Wait until you see the levels of bad taste inside this place."
The capital palace of Siraq was set up on a high hill; a six story building built of the finest materials from the known world.  It had been designed by the first kings of the nation many years before and had been added on to by many of them until it was its current opulent polyglot of materials and designs.
"So is there anything I need to know?" Simon asked his mentor, "I don't particularly want to cause a diplomatic incident."
"Keep your mouth shut," Roland shrugged, "As far as they are concerned you are nothing but a part of my entourage, despite the fact that we're equals under Mullinix law."
"Why's that?" Simon asked him.
"They are a strict constructionist society," Roland said as he hopped off his bicycle, "The government here believes that power belongs in one man's hand.  Envoys are a necessary evil, but they only accept one.   They do, however, understand the concept of the Entourage."
"So that's why Massimaferro has to make the trip," Simon said, "Despite the fact that Insegniferro or even Medoferro would be better suited to the negotiations."
"Exactly," Roland agreed, "Technically, according to their protocol here Paulus should be taking this, but they never fully understood our system.  They consider the Mullinix as the sole ruler and consider us weak for the fact that our Mullinix are willing to give up power while they live."
"But they'll take our money without a problem," Simon chuckled, "Ain't Hypocrisy great?"
"You said it," Roland chuckled, "We'll probably spend a day or so here hashing out the details and then head back to Skolnik to let them know."
"A day or two?" Simon asked him, "How hard is it to set a time and date?"
"Usually we have to debate everything right down to the food served," Roland informed him, "Your job will be to take notes for me, that way I can get away with having you in the room during the negotiation."
"I'll try to keep them legible," Simon grinned, "I never did well in penmanship."
"Do the best you can," Roland shrugged, "Most of it will be bullshit anyway."
They walked together, walking their bikes up the large winding hill road up to the front gates.   They were slightly dirty from the riding, but Roland presented the Mullinix seal to the front gate guard, who checked it against the list he held.   The solemn young man nodded and handed the seal back, waving them through.
They walked through and parked the bikes in a spot.   Their guards, who had been shadowing them by a few hundred meters, pulled in at this time as well and looked to Roland for further instructions.
"Follow along," Roland told them, "Keep weapons tied off in here.   If they ask you to remove them, do so."
"Yes sir," came the reply.
"Are you armed, Simon?" Roland asked him, having forgotten to do so earlier.
"No obvious weapons," Simon grinned, "Nothing that'll show if they frisk me at any rate."
"Keep that too yourself," Roland told him, "Make damn sure they don't find out about that."
"No worries on that score," Simon chuckled, "I work better as a channel for Medo anyway."
"All right," Roland nodded, "Let's go in."
They approached the front door of the inner palace area and entered in as the dignitaries they were.   Simon's jaw almost hit the floor as he saw the gaudiness of the receiving area.  It was designed to make an impression, and that was one thing it most certainly did, though probably not the one they were hoping for.
"I didn't think taste this bad was possible," Simon said under his breath.
"Hush!" Roland exclaimed softly as they walked over.
A very well-dressed man walked out, looking over the Mullinix group and rightly picking out Roland as the leader of the group.  He extended a hand, which Roland took and shook vigorously in the Siraqi manner.  They smiled and the well-dressed man greeted the whole group.
"Welcome to Siraq gentlemen," the smooth talking man said in flawless Mullinix, "We've been expecting you since we got word that you crossed the border."
"Thank you," Roland said, "I am Roland Hoffs, personal representative of the Mullinix.  I'd like to present my aid and scribe, Simon Sutcliffe."
"Welcome to the palace," the man said, "I am Serekota Dixkid, aid to the high ruler of all of Siraq.   I wanted to greet you personally."
"We appreciate that," Roland said, "We're in your hands, Serekota."
"We realize that you've traveled a long way," Serekota told them, "We've prepared a place for you to rest before your audience."
"Thank you," Roland said, "We do not wish to impose."
"It is no imposition," Serekota insisted, "How can friends impose?  While you refresh yourselves I'll inform his highness of your arrival.  He's eagerly awaiting seeing you."
"As are we," Roland said, having to strain to keep the surprise down, "Thank you."
"Follow me," Serekota told them, "We've got an array of local cuisine for you to try."
"Excellent," Roland smiled, "I haven't had a good Siraqi Meat Pie since I was here last time."
"We have plenty for all of you," Serekota told him, his smile and his hair not moving at all, "If you like I'll even have the chef prepare a recipe for your own palace cooks."
"I'd like that," Roland agreed, "Thank you, Serekota."
"No problem, Roland," Serekota beamed, "I'll be back with you in an hour or so."
With that the well-dressed man left the room and left Roland and Simon along with their guards in the room. Simon looked out and saw that the door closed solidly, though it didn't latch shut.
"What the hell?" Simon asked the older representative, "I thought you said they were usually not all that friendly."
"Your guess is as good as mine," Roland said, taking a dinner roll from the table, "This is a new experience for me.  Usually, I have to wait an hour before anyone even greets us properly."
"Don't knock it," Simon chuckled, washing himself off in the provided basin, "I'll take food and cleaning basins over waiting around."
"Amen to that," Roland agreed and looked at the guards, "Stay close but keep your weapons put away.  Do not even clean them here.  Go ahead and have some food though."
The guards dove into the food while Roland and Simon got themselves ready for an audience.   Roland wasn't expecting it to happen that afternoon, but knew from experience that they expected you to be ready at a moment's notice.   Simon finished the food and got himself as presentable as he ever was.
"How do I look?" Simon asked Roland.
"Your usual rumpled self," Roland chuckled, "But that's ok.   You're a diplomat, not a salesman."
"I thought diplomats were salesmen," Simon grinned, straightening his tie, "Of the manure variety."
"That's one way to put it I guess," Roland agreed, "When we get in there just keep your mouth shut and write things down.  I don't care if my pants are on fire, you don't say a word."
"Remind me not to set your pants on fire in the throne room then," Simon grinned impishly, "Don't worry.  I have no intention of starting an international incident today."
"See that you don't," Roland told him, "I can't run as fast as you can."
Simon was about to say something else, but the door opened and Serekota Dixkid returned in.  Roland looked up and stood up to meet the King's representative, giving a quick motion to Simon to remain seated.   Simon nodded and watched as Roland shook hands in the Siraqi manner.
"The king is ready to see you now," Serekota told him, "If you are well enough rested, that is."
"Certainly," Roland nodded, fighting hard to keep his jaw from hitting the door, "Whenever you are ready."
"No time like the present," Serekota told them, "Follow me."
Roland nodded at Serekota and shared a very surprised look with Simon.   The guards were left in the room with the food as the Mullinix representatives were walked through to the anteroom.   The anteroom made the front areas look like slums, considering the place was covered with gold plating, using what pretty much had to be the national treasury to cover the place.    
"Is this for real?" Simon asked Roland quietly.
"Yeah," Roland said, "Something to behold, isn't it?"
"Yes," Serekota said, "Rather than letting our treasury sit uselessly in a vault somewhere one of the king's forefather's decided to put it to good use.  Beautiful, isn't it?"
"That's one word for it," Simon mumbled.
Roland smiled and half tuned out what Serekota was saying as he looked at the place.  The end tables alone could probably have paid to feed half the starving people in the streets of the Siraqi capital.  Simon was feeling much the same, but hadn't seen enough suffering yet to really appreciate it.
They walked silently down the long corridor until they entered the actual throne room itself.   It wasn't so much a room as a grand, opulent cavern filled with every gift that they had received over the years.   Grand paintings and items that looked expensive were all over the walls, and the tables surrounding the sides were covered with things that made it look like the world's most expensive garage sale.
The King of Siraq was sitting in his throne, a far oversized golden chair that was so bright that it almost made you flinch at the sheer extravagance of it.  Care was shown with its upkeep, as every visible surface was cleaned to a shine.  Roland wondered if this was show for representatives or if they paid someone to keep it this way all the time.
"Roland," the king said, acting as if he was glad to see him, "You've aged well over the last decade.  How is Insegniferro adjusting to his retirement?"
Simon watched this display with interest.  He knew full well the disdain that Roland and pretty much everyone else held for this despotic ruler, but Roland was doing a masterful job at hiding it.  In order to justify his presence, Simon dutifully pulled out a notepad and began scribing notes.
"Insegniferro is enjoying the reduced duties," Roland told him, "Though he would rather not have paid the price he did for them."
"Taliaferro was an old man," the king shrugged, "It was his time.  Massimaferro has been waiting for a while."
"That he has," Roland agreed, "I'd like to thank you for seeing us so promptly, sire."
"You came at a good time," the king said, "This must be Simon, representative of your new apprentice, Medoferro."
"Yes sire," Roland said, again surprised, as Siraqi monarchs almost roundly ignored the apprentices, "May I present Simon Sutcliffe, of Mullinix Centre."
"A pleasure to meet you, sire," Simon lied, bowing appropriately.
"I guess we should get down to business," the king told them, "It is time again for those pesky trade talks, I see."
"Yes sire," Roland nodded, preparing himself for a long negotiation session, "We would like to see an equitable agreement for the talks…"
The king held out a hand, stopping Roland.  Simon watched, wondering what would happen next.
"We came to an equitable agreement for the talks last time," the king told them, "The cottage complex on the border near the Mullinix Border Village was an acceptable location last time and the accommodations were magnificent.  Shall we save ourselves a lot of time and just agree to repeat the location and settings again?"
Roland was taken aback at this.   It was a single piece of common sense that ranked high among things he thought he'd never hear.  Simon looked at his mentor and wondered just what the heck was going on there.   It took nearly a full minute for Roland to regain his composure.
"I think we can agree on that," Roland said, "That cottage complex is still there and we should be able to borrow it for a few days.   Just how soon would you like to have this meeting?"
"This meeting is important for all of us," the king said, "You have problems down in the south and we could use some changes in the trade plan as well.  Will one week from tomorrow suffice?"
"That," Roland almost stammered, "Will be fine, your highness."
"Excellent!" the king said, "You and young Simon will dine with me tonight and head back in the morning to get your end started."
"As you wish, Excellency," Roland stated, "We'd be honored to dine with you."
"Very well!" the king said flamboyantly, "Let us go see some of our art collection as the feast is prepared…"

Chapter 53 - A Lonely Cell

"Fine mess you've gotten yourself in this time," Paulus said to himself as he paced the oversized cell, "Might as well mark time until that fat son of a bitch has me executed."
Paulus's lament was interrupted by the clanging of the large metal door at the end of the hallway.  Two sets of heavy footsteps walked down the hallway.   Paulus decided to meet his fate head on, walking to the cell door just in time to see Colonel Ellis LaPorte and a pair of his trusted guards walk in.
"I should have figured I'd see you again," Paulus said, "What do you want you traitorous son of a bitch?"
"You should learn to choose your words more carefully," LaPorte said, looking at the caged representative, "There is a new power in this area.   You would do well to bow down to it."
"I am the representative to Mullinix Massimaferro," Paulus seethed, "I bow to no man, especially not a traitor to the Mullinix Empire."
"You soon will be," LaPorte smiled, "Everyone in this land will bow down before me soon enough.  Everyone who ever doubted me will know Ellis LaPorte as a great leader, not like the weak ones in your idiotic capital."
"So that is what this lunacy is about?" Paulus asked him, "Fat little Ellis LaPorte feels slighted so he's going to betray everyone who ever gave him a chance just so a few insignificant people will grovel and lick his boots?   You don't really think Massimaferro is going to lie down and let it happen, do you?"
"He already has," LaPorte shrugged, "You are merely an inconvenience.   Insegniferro is the only one talking to me and that ignorant savage takes everything I tell him as gospel.  By the time they realize what I have done it will be too late."
"Other than kill my guard and make apathetic zombies out of your troops," Paulus said, "What is it that you think you have done?"
"I have successfully separated Cirrus from the Empire," LaPorte told him, "Nothing can happen here without my allowing it.  I will have my own nation and my own people."
"You mean you will have people who hate your guts," Paulus said, "I pity anyone who has to live under your rule."
"Save your pity," LaPorte said, an evil smile forming, "You will need it for yourself.   I have plans for you once I make the final split.   Very interesting plans indeed."
"I can hardly wait," Paulus said, doing his best to look bored, "It will be amusing to see the Mullinix Guard squash you like the fat pretentious prick you are."
"We'll see who gets squashed, Mr. Tally," LaPorte said.
"So what are you here for?" Paulus asked him, "Why are you telling me all this?"
"Because you are probably about the only person in the Empire in a position to understand what I've done," LaPorte shrugged, "I find it amusing to see you sit in that cell as well.  You come in to my post making as if you deserve special treatment, talking to my soldiers and acting as if what you say matters."
"They aren't your soldiers, LaPorte," Paulus reminded him, "They belong to the empire.   The same empire that raised you educated you and gave you the position that you are betraying."
"Possession makes right," LaPorte said, "The empire no longer holds this area.  I do.  Ellis LaPorte.   Me."
"It must be really hard fitting so much ego into a brain that small," Paulus said dryly, "I'll enjoy watching you hang."
"You'll be the one hanging," LaPorte told him, "Count on it, Mr. Tally."
With that Ellis LaPorte walked out, the guards marching almost in formation behind him.   Paulus sighed and shook his head, not believing what he was seeing.  He wondered as he went over to sit down just how someone that crazy became a Colonel in the Mullinix Guard.  He just hoped he'd have a chance to find out.

Chapter 54 - Local Cases

The local courthouse was similar in design to the one that Medoferro was used to dealing with at the capital, though slightly smaller.  Instead of the three chairs used by the Mullinix chamber this one was equipped with only one, as a single commander usually used it.  Medoferro was given a fairly nice padded chair next to the one Massimaferro was using for his session.
"So this child," Massimaferro said, looking at the young couple, "It was born how many months after the wedding?"
Medoferro thought that this was a fairly straightforward case, but Massimaferro was having trouble with it.   Medoferro also noticed that the Mullinix was sweating profusely and a little bit on the bleary side, much like Suvorov used to be after a drinking binge.  Thing was, he knew full well that Massimaferro had consumed nothing stronger than apple cider the night before.
"Seven months, Mullinix," the young man said, "There is no way that child can be mine!"
"The child was entirely too healthy to be seven months in the womb," the local Medico told the Mullinix, "Normally this wouldn't be a factor, but this child could be at the heart of a…"
"Yes, I know," Massimaferro said testily, "The child is important and it seems that this marriage is nothing more than a patching of a family feud.  Are you telling me that you never tested out your future bride before you married her?"
"That is against…" the young man exclaimed.
"Yes, I know," Massimaferro said, his irritation growing, "I know what the local scripture says."
Medoferro saw that all Massimaferro was doing was pissing off everyone in the room.   Medoferro leaned over and tapped Massimaferro on the shoulder.   Massimaferro looked over at Medoferro, wondering what the younger man had to say.
"He's telling the truth," Medoferro whispered to him, "He didn't touch her."
"How do you know that?" Massimaferro asked him.
"He believes it too fervently for it to be a lie," Medoferro said, "I can tell by the waves coming from him."
"Any suggestions?" Massimaferro asked him, "I'm from the east and not used to this area.   I feel like shit too."
"I see that," Medoferro said, "The girl is hiding something though.   Go after her."
"You sure about that?" Massimaferro asked him, "She's been too quiet…"
"Women up here usually aren't that quiet," Medoferro said, "At least not according to what I've read."
"You're right," Massimaferro nodded, "Thanks, Medo."
Massimaferro straightened up a bit and looked at the young woman, who almost shrank from his glance.  Medoferro watched the girl and could tell that something was eating her.   The girl looked at the floor, trying not to make as if she was understanding.
"Something you would like to share with me?" Massimaferro asked her.
The girl shook her head, looking mortified.   Medoferro stood up and looked at Massimaferro.   Massimaferro didn't know what Medoferro was going to do, but nodded for him to proceed.
"Stand up and let me look at you," Medoferro told her, "Relax, I won't hurt you."
The scared young woman stood up and took a step forward.   Medoferro watched the way the magnetics danced around her, as they did around any person who was scared out of their wits.   He reached out and touched her shoulder, pulling her out into the middle of the floor.
"There's nothing to worry about," Medoferro said quietly, mentally pushing her a little, "Tell Massimaferro the truth and we'll sort it out from there."
The girl looked unsure for a bit, but as Medoferro gently applied the power to her, she finally lost some of her self consciousness and started talking.  Medoferro kept a small stream of power to her in an attempt to influence her to tell the truth.
"The child isn't his," the girl said, "I wanted to be pure for him, as I think he is a good and kind man.   I went to his bed willingly and I do love him…"
Medoferro kept the push on, hoping to get her to finish her story.   Massimaferro watched the girl in silence, figuring that whatever Medoferro was doing would help more than any words he could say.
"Whose child is it?" Medoferro asked her gently.
"That son of a bitch uncle of mine!" the girl exclaimed, with a force that nobody expected, "He'd been forcing me into his bed for years.   When he made a mistake on my cycles, he realized that he needed to marry me off and quick."
"You swine!" the young woman's husband yelled, "I should…"
"You should sit down and shut up," Massimaferro grunted, "This is a Mullinix matter now."
"Why did you say nothing before now?" Medoferro asked her, trying to end the ordeal.
"Because I knew this would happen," the young woman said, tears streaming, "My husband is a good and kind man.  He deserves better than me, but I couldn't bear to hurt him by telling him..."
"Young man," Massimaferro said, "This young woman does love you, despite what has happened.   Do you still wish to press this claim?"
The man thought about it long and hard for a few minutes and finally shook his head.
"No Mullinix," the young man said, "Though I do ask that the agreement be set aside because of the fraud."
"That agreement is an important one for this area," Colonel Serim told them, "We need to preserve it."
"I highly doubt that the whole family was involved with this charade," Massimaferro said, "The one who should be punished is the uncle.  Unless he decides to contest it here and now?"
The uncle looked around and saw the hatred in the room towards him.   Medoferro had no doubts of the truthfulness of this statement of the girl, and it was obvious that nobody else had any doubts either.   He shook his head in the negative, raising his hands and giving a silent sign that he'd submit to Mullinix justice.
"Very well," Massimaferro said, "How much are his land holdings and do they adjoin this young man's land?"
"They are adjoining Mullinix," Colonel Serim said, "This is one of the oldest plots in the area."
"Very well," Massimaferro nodded, "I judge that the feud agreement should stand as is, with the single exception of one third of the miscreant uncle's land being turned over immediately to this young man and his bride."
"What about inheritance rights, Mullinix?" the young man said, "The child isn't mine…"
"Colonel Serim," Massimaferro said, "What is the custom in this area on this?"
"Blood inheritance is the rule," Serim told him, "Though a Mullinix edict can contradict this."
"I don't want to be contrary," Massimaferro said and then looked at the uncle, "Do you have children of your own?"
"No Mullinix," the uncle said, knowing now what was coming.
"Then upon reaching majority this child will be your legal, legitimate heir," Massimaferro said, "Custody until then, however, will remain with the mother and her husband.   I trust I can count on you to raise this child as if he was your own?"
"I will if you command it, Mullinix," the young man said.
"It isn't my command that matters," Massimaferro said, "It is your life and your wife that matter."
"I will raise this child as my own," the young man said, "Provided my wife will be agreeable to bearing my child as soon as possible?"
"I live for it!" the young woman exclaimed, "You really want me back?"
"I'd say that settles it," Massimaferro said, "How many more cases do we have today?"
"Two minor ones and the murder case, Mullinix," Colonel Serim said.
"You need a break," Medoferro said firmly, "We need to talk too."
"We'll take a break for a while," Massimaferro agreed, "Come, Medoferro, we do need to talk."
Massimaferro walked into the other room, though his gait was slow and a little lumbering.  He was still sweating rather badly and he was quite a bit pale.   Medoferro pulled a chair for him and Massimaferro sat down again gladly.   Medoferro used his abilities to check out his fellow Mullinix and was only able to see that something was wrong.
"Are you getting sick, Massy?" Medoferro asked him, "You look like death warmed over."
"I don't feel much better," Massy grunted, "My stomach and my head are both hurting."
"You need to get some sleep," Medo told him, "You can't do a murder case with your head that muddled."
"To hell with that," Massimaferro said, "What the hell did you do to the girl to start her talking?"
"Used the abilities the old man showed me," Medoferro said, "I was pushing a bit of power to her, using it to reassure her that we wouldn't hurt her."
"Be careful with that," Massimaferro told him, "Don't want to force a guilty person to say something untrue."
"I wasn't forcing anything," Medoferro assured him, "It's more of a freeing effect.  I can't force them to say anything, only give them a bit more power to draw on for courage."
"I don't pretend to understand it," Massimaferro said, "But it worked out there. Thank you."
"You're changing the subject," Medoferro said, "You're still too damn sick to do a murder case.  You barely kept your brain on this one."
"You're not ready for a murder case," Massimaferro protested, then fell back against his chair.
"Let's get the Medico to look at you," Medoferro said, "See what we can do."
"All right," Massy sighed, letting himself slump down a bit, "I'll wait here…"
Medoferro went out and found the Medico, a sour faced middle aged man who had been pretty well drafted from the Mullinix Centre Medico Hospice.  He was sitting with the guards drinking coffee when Medoferro walked out.   Ari Coblein looked up and wondered what he'd done now.
"Yes?" Coblein asked the young Mullinix.
"Massimaferro isn't feeling very well," Medoferro said, "Could you come look at him before we do another session?"
"Certainly," Coblein nodded, "I'll be back in a bit, guys."
Medoferro and Ari Coblein walked over to the chamber where Massimaferro was sitting in the chair.   Coblein was shocked when he saw Massimaferro's pale face.   He went over and put his hand on the Mullinix's head.   Medoferro was not encouraged by the expression that came over the Medico's face.
"How bad?" Medoferro asked him.
"Nasty fever," Coblein said, "He needs to be in bed."
"I have to take that Murder case," Massimaferro said, "People will talk if we let Insegniferro have it…"
"You are in no condition to order lunch," Medoferro said, "You think you can judge someone's life right now?"
"I have no choice," Massimaferro grunted, "Now let's get it over with before I start throwing up."
"Medoferro is right, Mullinix," Coblein told him, "You can't do this.  You're not thinking straight."
"Who is going to do it?" Massimaferro said, looking a bit greener, "You?"
"Me," Medoferro said, softly, "I'm the only other choice."
"You've never sat a case before," Massimaferro said, "Out of the question."
"I'm in better shape than you are right now," Medoferro countered, "You have a choice.   Either do it and risk screwing it up or let me do it right."
"It's unheard of!" Massimaferro said, "No Mullinix has ever done a murder case as their first…"
Massimaferro stopped as his stomach heaved a little.  Medoferro and Ari watched as Massimaferro did a good job of proving Medoferro's point.   They let him calm down and stop heaving before they said anything else.
"We have no choice, Massy," Medoferro said, "You're sick."
"Let Colonel Serim know," Massimaferro grunted, "No need to surprise him."
"We need to get you to bed," Ari said, "Now, sir."
"I have to be there," Massimaferro said, "Tie me to a chair if you have to.  If we're breaking protocol this much, damn it, I need to be there."
"So long as you keep your mouth shut and don't heave in public," Medoferro told him, "There's no harm in being sick.   There's plenty of harm in being stupid about it."
"You sound like Taliaferro," Massimaferro grunted, "I think we chose well, kid."
"Let's get ready to get this over with," Medoferro said, "Where's Colonel Serim…"

Chapter 55 - Insegniferro’s Folly

"Has the line to LaPorte opened up again?" Insegniferro asked the young operator, "I need to know what is going on down there."
"The operator in Taliaferro Village said the carrier signal just came back," the operator told him, "We should have someone down there in a few minutes."
"Make it quick," Insegniferro growled, "I want to talk to LaPorte post haste.  It has been down all afternoon."
It was another five minutes before the operators made the necessary connections and a further ten before Ellis LaPorte actually came onto the line.  Insegniferro did his best to keep calm when addressing LaPorte.  It was a battle that he was having problems winning with himself.
"Where the hell have you been?" Insegniferro demanded, "Where is Paulus?"
"We had an attack earlier," LaPorte told him, "The base itself was attacked by a group of insurgents.  Lost the lines, just got them up a few minutes ago."
"How many dead?" Insegniferro asked him, "And did you stop the attack?"
"Only about twenty dead on our side," LaPorte lied, "More than that on the other side.  They're still cleaning up."
"What happened to my man?" Insegniferro asked, bracing for a response that he didn't want to hear, "He was on the line when the attack started."
"I don't know," LaPorte lied again, "I'll be honest, Insegniferro, I was more concerned about putting down the attack.  I spoke with your man this morning, but haven't seen him since."
"Find him," Insegniferro told him, "I need to speak with him post haste."
"I will do the best I can, Mullinix," LaPorte said, "There's a lot going on here right now."
"Do better than that," Insegniferro told him, "This is a high priority.   We need to talk to him."
"Everything is high priority right now," LaPorte told him, "We've still got a half dozen fires here.  I'll get a unit out looking for him before morning.  Fair enough?"
"It will have to do," Insegniferro grumbled, "There's another issue I want to talk with you about, Ellis."
"Certainly, Mullinix," LaPorte agreed, figuring that it was about the records, "What would that be sir?"
"We've been reading through the records up here," Insegniferro said, "Many of them are not matching what you've been telling me."
"How so?" LaPorte asked, feigning surprise, "I've told you every bit of information I have, sir."
"So far I've got records of at least two dozen murders and a few massacres you didn't report," Insegniferro told him, "What the hell is going on down there, Ellis?"
"It's a war zone, sir," LaPorte told him, "I probably didn't report it because the records had been sent back before I could get around to it.  Didn't the records keeper tell you about it?"
"Anthony Stack had been withholding the information," Insegniferro told him, "For what purpose, I do not know."
"I couldn't tell you sir," LaPorte lied, a smile forming on his face, "I haven't seen him since we were in academy together."
"If you see him place him under arrest," Insegniferro told him, "He tried to have Medoferro assassinated.   There's a nationwide alert for him."
"I will do so," LaPorte lied, though he knew it wouldn't matter as Tony Stack was in the Mavelan capital city, safely out of Mullinix jurisdiction, "Anything else, sir?"
"Just get my man to the line," Insegniferro ordered him, "And do not hold back anything even if it is in the records.  Understand me?"
"Yes sir," LaPorte told him, "I've got to get back out there.   I'll find your man as soon as possible."
Insegniferro dismissed him and the operator closed the line.  He stood up and walked upstairs to the common area, pacing around a little until Marianna walked into the room holding a couple glasses of brandy.   Insegniferro took one and sat down, letting out a sigh as he sat down.
"What's wrong, Iggy?" Marianna asked him.
"Something is bugging me about that conversation I just had with LaPorte," Insegniferro said, "I just don't know what."
"Nothing you can do about it now, Iggy," Marianna told him, "You need to relax a bit.  Enjoy the quiet with Massy and Medo gone."
"Marianna," Iggy told her, "Can you have someone bring up the records for the last three years out of Cirrus?"
"That's a lot of paper," Marianna told him.
"I know," Massimaferro nodded, "I need to look through it though."
"I'll get someone on it," Marianna promised, "So long as you go and relax a bit before you wade into it."
"Not going to give me a break, are you?" Insegniferro chuckled.
"Not without anyone else to play with, no," Marianna smiled, "With Medo and Massy gone we have nobody else to boss around."
"I run a country but can't say no to the women in the palace," Insegniferro chuckled, "Ok.  I'll go rest before I start a reading session.   Bring me some tea?"
"Of course," Marianna promised, "Be there in a few."

Chapter 56 - The First Time

Medoferro looked around the anteroom nervously, his mind racing and telling him over and over that he was nuts for doing this.   He knew he had no business doing a murder case.  He hadn't even handled a simple case yet, let alone one where someone's life was at stake.
"You look a little pale, Medoferro," Colonel Serim said, "You coming down with what Massimaferro has?"
"I'm fine, Colonel," Medoferro said, "Just a bit nervous is all."
"I would be too," Serim admitted, "I'm glad I've never had to do one of these murder cases."
"What do you know about this one?" Medoferro asked him, "Just so I'm not completely blindsided."
"It's a heinous one, but should be simple," Serim told him, "The young man confessed.   A child was murdered a few days ago."
"Great way to start your first session," Medoferro grumbled, "He confessed?"
"Yes," Serim nodded, "Should be a simple presentation of the evidence and you passing judgment.   You have at least heard one of these before, right?"
"Two of them," Medoferro said, "One guilty, one not."
"If guilty without any reason, just give him the final choice," Serim told him, "I know, easier said than done.  But it is your duty in doing the session."
"Let's get it over with," Medoferro said, "We have three cases left, right?"
"Two minor squabbles and that," Serim nodded, "What do you want first?"
"The squabbles," Medoferro said without hesitation, "I want to get my feet wet before I go full out."
"I'll get them ready," Serim told him and pointed at Massimaferro, "Good luck in getting him out."
"I'll worry about him," Medoferro said, "Just be ready and if you have information, don't be shy in telling me."
"Right," Serim agreed.
"I'm not an invalid," Massimaferro grunted, "Just don't feel well…"
"You should be in bed," Coblein told him, "Not doing this."
"I can make it," Massimaferro insisted and stood up, "Let's go do this, Medo."
Massimaferro wobbled a bit and Medo and Ari had to catch him.   It took nearly a minute to get him steady, though walking was still out of the question.   Massimaferro looked a bit glassy eyed on top of having trouble moving.
"I'm ok," Massimaferro protested weakly.
"Bullshit," Medoferro said, "Hold on a bit…"
Medoferro used his power sense to look at Massimaferro.  He found a power point on the man and gently made contact with it, pushing a little power in to him to give him an extra boost.   It was much the same process he'd used on Stacy during the fight, though he had to concentrate harder on Massimaferro for some reason.
"What are you doing, Medo?" Massimaferro asked him, "I still feel lousy, but I can move."
"I'm pushing power to you like the old man taught me," Medoferro said, "Stay within a few feet of me until you're sitting down.   I will have to let go of the link to listen properly during the session, but this should get you out there."
"I'll take it," Massimaferro agreed, "Let's do it before you tire yourself out."
"Let's go," Serim agreed, "We'll go solemn.  I'll lead as the local man and introduce you.  Massimaferro can take the seat right next to Medoferro, allowing him to do whatever the hell he's doing to keep you upright until you get seated."
Colonel Serim led the way as Medoferro and Massimaferro walked side by side.  The power drain on Medoferro was getting worse as they walked, but they both did a good job of looking like they were where they wanted to be.   Once Massimaferro sat down Medoferro did the same and gently let go of the power stream.   Massimaferro had a bit of trouble staying upright, but managed a smile and a wave.
"We have a treat for today," Colonel Serim told the assembled crowd, "Apprentice Mullinix Medoferro will be taking the rest of today's cases."
"Thank you," Medoferro said, using all the will he could muster to keep his voice even and deep, "Bring in the first case, please."
"Certainly," Colonel Serim said, sparing a quick glance at Massimaferro, "Colton vs. Gaget, child custody arrangement."
"Very well," Medoferro said, hoping he could get this right, "What is the situation?"
"This coupling fell apart six months ago and they could not come up with child care agreements," Colonel Serim told him, "The parties are present, as are the children.  Mr. Colton is refusing to support his children."
"I refuse to pay for a child she won't let me see," Mr. Colton said.
"That's nice," Medoferro said, suddenly getting a dislike for the man, "Wait until your turn to speak please."
"They are his children!" Miss Gaget shrieked, "He should have to support them!"
"They aren't!" Mr. Colton said.
"Silence!" Medoferro said, "I want order and I want it now!"
Medoferro grumbled internally, realizing that cases like this were not something he would enjoy.  He spent the next twenty minutes listening to each side bicker about it and realized that there would be no pleasing any of them.   Seeing as nothing would make either of them happy he decided to piss them both off.
"I've had enough of this," Medoferro said quietly, "You have a choice.  You can settle this now or I will make a decision that neither of you will like."
This set off another round of bickering and Medoferro decided he had enough.  He was certain that both sets of parents were equally bad, so he figured he had a novel way to make sure they both took care of their kids and paid their share.  He raised his hands for silence, which took a minute to come.
"Since you hate each other equally you can take my decision," Medoferro said, "Neither of you are getting sole custody."
"You can't do that!" Colton exclaimed.
"Read your Mullinix law," Medoferro said, "Yes I can.   Now shut up and listen to my decision."
The harsh rebuke was something that neither side expected out of the young Mullinix.   Medoferro smiled and stood up, deciding he wanted to pace a little as he framed his decision.
"Since you can't agree on anything I will make it so you don't have to," Medoferro said, "You are hooked together by those three children and they deserve better than this.  You're doing more damage to them than you are each other."
Medoferro looked over at the parents, who were flinching at the rebuke.  
"You will remain living within two miles of each other," Medoferro told them, "Three days each week will be spent with each parent, who will pay to feed them on those days.   Clothing costs will be shared equally between the two parents."
"That's insane!" Gaget yelled.
"So is what you're doing to these children," Medoferro told them, "The off day of the week will be spent on alternating weeks with each parent."
Massimaferro, still trying hard to maintain himself, looked at Medoferro with curiosity, wondering what the young man was actually up to.  He wasn't about to interfere, however, as he thought Medoferro was actually doing a pretty good job.
"To ensure that neither of you try to poison your children against the other," Medoferro continued, "They will be checked out and asked questions about their time at home once a week at random times by the local Colonel.   Should either of you try that sort of thing you will lose your rights and pay double support."
Jaws dropped around the room at the judgment, but it was accepted.  Medoferro looked at the two parents, neither of whom expected anything like this.  Colonel Serim couldn't help smile at this.  The problems between these two had been a festering sore in his area for months.
"Next case please," Medoferro said, looking at everyone.
"Good show, Medo," Massimaferro said quietly, "Now let's see if you can handle another one…"
Medoferro looked over at Massimaferro, who was still looking fairly well despite the pain that was emanating from the Mullinix.   He went through the next case very easily, it being a simple case of theft.  The young man was guilty and took the mercy of the Mullinix.  Medoferro did a restitution and community service sentence, taking a total of ten minutes for the whole thing.
"Doing well, Medoferro," Colonel Serim said, "You ready for the murder case?"
"Let's get this over with," Medoferro grumbled, "The sooner we finish this, the sooner we can put him to bed and get him better so I don't have to do another one anytime soon."
Colonel Serim looked at Massimaferro and he nodded, indicating that he was ready for this to move on as well.   Colonel Serim stood up and called out the murder case, causing a few murmurs in the room as they knew full well that this was Medoferro's first batch of cases.
"Mullinix," Colonel Serim said loudly, "I regret that I must bring you this case, an abomination in the public eye, a murder of an innocent child."
"I see," Medoferro said, "And do we have the accused here today?"
"We do, Mullinix," Serim told him, "A male citizen, Robert Morgan, stands accused today of this crime."
"Bring him out," Medoferro instructed, as he'd seen Massimaferro do before, "Let him stand before the court and receive Mullinix Justice."
"Bring out Citizen Morgan," Colonel Serim ordered.
The guards brought out the young man accused of the crime.   He was a thin man, not much older than Medoferro himself.   Medoferro was surprised, because Morgan looked like he would fall over from fright as he was brought into the room.  Medoferro looked at Massimaferro, but he was no real help because he was beginning to glass over a little.
 "Proceed with the public reading of the facts of this case," Medoferro asked Serim.
"A child of two citizens, Angela Storm, was murdered four nights ago," Serim told the assembled room and the Mullinix, "Her body was found in the cove down the road, there are pictures available of the scene and the body."
"I'll take the file now," Medoferro said, receiving it from Serim and opening it up, "Go ahead and continue with the presentation of facts."
"The child went missing that day," Serim said, "It was…"
Medoferro half listened to the description, but was more interested in the person sitting in the chair of the accused.  The description of the scene was necessary, but not overly enlightening.   Medoferro used the time to look over the young man and the crowd.  When it came to the description of the confession, Medoferro perked up again and listened to the reading of it.
 "According to the confession, given freely to the guards," Serim said, "Robert Morgan took the child to a clearing…"
"Let me read it for myself please," Medoferro said, dispensing with some of the formalities, "It will go faster and spare the family present from reliving the details."
"Very well, Mullinix," Serim nodded, relieved at not having to do that.
Medoferro read the grisly details, which mainly included the child being brought to that clearing and being raped and murdered.   Medoferro sighed as he read it and tried to place the words with the young man he was seeing in front of him.   He tried to read the young man and got little but fear.
"Continue with your presentation Colonel," Medoferro said when he finished reading.
Serim did so, as the local Colonels usually did in this type of case.   Medoferro watched the proceedings and kept his eye on Robert Morgan.   The young man kept looking around the room, especially over in the far corner of the gallery.  Medoferro tried to figure out who the young man was looking at, but it wasn't a connection he could readily notice.
"Mullinix," Serim said when he was done presenting, "I have finished the guard presentation of the evidence.  Would you care to question anyone?"
"Yes I would," Medoferro nodded, "But I'd like to see the pictures again before I do so.   No need to hold everyone here while I stare.   Ten-minute break while I examine the photographs."
Colonel Serim nodded and released the room.   He handed the folder of pictures over to Medoferro and he started to look through them.  They saw no need to leave the room as Medoferro looked at the pictures.   Colonel Serim and Massimaferro looked at Medoferro as he did so.
"You didn't have to release the room for this you know," Massimaferro said, "We're supposed to take our time with these."
"I had you do it for another reason," Medoferro said as he still looked at them, "How hard would it be to find a child roughly the same age, build and hair color as the murdered girl?"
"Not very," Serim said, "Why?"
"I want you to find one and place her in the front row," Medoferro said, "I want to know who looks at her."
"You don't think he did it, did you," Massimaferro said, "You sure you don't want me to take this?"
Massimaferro finished this statement and began coughing again, proving that he wasn't up to it.   Medoferro sighed and shook his head.   He knew he could finish it, especially if his hunch was right.
"I can do it," Medoferro said, "Probably better than you in this case."
"I'll go get the child," Serim said, "I'll be back in five.  Will she have to do anything?"
"Sit in the front row in plain sight," Medoferro told him, "That's all."
"Will do," Serim agreed.
"What are you thinking?" Massimaferro said, "I'm trying to keep up…"
"You should be in bed," Medoferro said, "Promise me that you won't play the hero and try to do anything after this case is done?"
"Straight to bed, I promise," Massimaferro told him, "You're doing all right as far as I can tell."
"I think Morgan is bowing to someone in here," Medoferro said, "I can't tell who though.  The one thing I will be able to tell though, is if someone is projecting sexual need towards that child."
"How?" Massimaferro asked him.
"I've been watching people the way the old man taught me," Medoferro explained, "I've noticed that sexual preference exudes from them.   When Simon looks at Sascha I can tell he wants her.  The steward at the palace is gay and I can tell when he looks at the teenage men at the palace."
"How will that help you now?" Massimaferro asked.
"Children as young as this girl don't push that preference," Medoferro explained, "But if someone is pushing that preference on them, I'll be able to tell and possibly will be able to tell who."
"I'll take your word for it," Massimaferro said, "If it gets the truth though, I'm all for it."
"Let's just hope I'm right," Medoferro said, "I seriously hate this job now, by the way."
"Everyone hates murder cases," Massimaferro chuckled, "You're doing fine.   Better than I did my first time, that's for sure."
"That's nice," Medoferro said, "Doesn't help but I'll take what I can get."
"Get it over with," Massimaferro told him before going into another coughing fit, "Before I fall over completely."
Medoferro nodded and Massimaferro coughed once more as the people came in the room.  Colonel Serim did a good job in recruiting a child, putting a young blonde girl in the seat that Medoferro requested.  Medoferro watched as they led the young defendant in.   He was looking for signs of emotion from the young man, but the only thing he saw was fear.
"Would you like to begin your questioning, Mullinix?" Colonel Serim asked him after he reintroduced the session.
"Yes," Medoferro said, "Stand up, Robert."
Robert Morgan looked around for a moment before he did what he was told.  Medoferro couldn't pick up anything from the young man.  He stood up as well and decided to pace a little bit.  He stood up to full height and looked at the young man as he posed his first question.
"Is this statement correct?" Medoferro asked him, "Did you kill that little girl?"
"I am responsible for her death," Morgan told him.
The odd phrasing of that statement was not lost on Medoferro, though it was on nearly everyone else in the room.  The young man's voice was almost cracking at the strain on it.   Medoferro looked hard at the young man, trying to make him nervous, something he was succeeding well with.
"How did you kill her, Robert?" Medoferro asked him, "I want you to describe it for me."
Medoferro looked straight at the young man.   It was all he could do to keep himself from cracking himself, but Medoferro realized that for this to work Robert Morgan had to be scared out of his mind.  Robert froze a little, then started looking around again, which is what Medoferro was looking for.
Morgan looked up the center row and gave Medoferro the direction he was looking for.   Someone was projecting at the child in a way they shouldn't have been, but Medoferro hadn't been able to detect where it was coming from until he got that bit of direction from the scared defendant.
"I want an answer, Robert," Medoferro told him, while trying to narrow down who it was in the crowd, "I expect you to answer me."
"I took her to that clearing and I…" Robert said and trailed off.
Medoferro knew then that the defendant didn't do it.  He wasn't lying though, so apparently Robert Morgan believed he did it.  Medoferro encouraged the young man to keep talking, digging the hole for himself deeper.
"I want details, Robert," Medoferro told him, getting sick of the horsing around, "How did you do it?  Why did you do it?"
"I… I…" Robert Morgan stammered, "I don't remember…"
"You didn't do it at all, did you?" Medoferro asked him, wanting to see the response he gave.
"I did!" Morgan exclaimed, "I had to have… I was responsible…"
"No," Medoferro said shaking his head, "I think not.  Tell me what really happened."
"But he said I was responsible," Robert said, almost crying, "I did those awful things, but I was too drunk to remember them…"
"Who said you were responsible?" Medoferro asked, knowing it would be the man in the second row, "Who, Robert?"
"No one!" Robert said, "I was drunk and I did it…"
"Then why are you looking to the man in the middle row," Medoferro asked him, "He won't be able to help you with regaining your memory."
"I'm not looking at anyone," Robert said, "I did it!"
The man in the middle row, the same one who had been radiating at the child in the front, stood up and started walking out.   Colonel Serim and Massimaferro watched in surprise as Medoferro handled things nearly perfectly.
"Excuse me," Medoferro said loudly to the man who was leaving, "You back there.  Kindly come to the front please?"
"He means you, Jobe," Colonel Serim said, "The Mullinix is requesting your presence up front."
Jobe turned around and walked up front, giving a scowl at Colonel Serim.   Medoferro looked at Jobe and knew he'd found the killer.  The way Robert Morgan looked at Jobe pretty well concluded it for him.
"What is your name please?" Medoferro asked him, "And why were you leaving?"
"My name is Jobe Treyer," he told the Mullinix, "I was leaving because this was boring."
"I have a feeling it is about to be a little less so," Medoferro said, "Where were you four nights ago?"
"What business is it of yours?" Jobe asked him, "I'm a free citizen."
"Sure you are," Medoferro nodded, "Would you like to tell me why you told Robert Morgan he was responsible for this?"
Jobe Treyer looked at him and simply laughed.   Medoferro looked the man over and let off an odd smile of his own.   When Treyer pretended that he didn't have a clue as to what Medoferro was talking about Medoferro had him.   He was so obviously lying that it didn't take much talent to see it.
"I see, Mr. Treyer," Medoferro said, "So Robert Morgan was looking at you because you're a friend of his?"
"Everyone has friends, Mullinix," Treyer shrugged.
"Then why does he look more afraid of you than he does his fate," Medoferro asked him, "And why are you lying to me, Mr. Treyer?"
"I am not lying to you," Treyer growled, "I have no reason to.  I didn't do it."
"Sure you are," Medoferro told him, "You've yet to say a truthful word to me.  I suggest you start."
"I'm not on trial here," Treyer said, "He is.  He admitted it."
"I'd watch it Jobe," Colonel Serim told him, "A trial is designed to get the truth.  The Mullinix can do whatever he feels is necessary to get at that truth."
"You sound like you know him, Colonel," Medoferro said, "Is there history here?"
"Jobe here has set foot in my office more than once," Colonel Serim told him, "I should have looked harder at him for this one, but the confession…"
"Yes," Medoferro said, "Let's talk about that confession.   I know you don't remember a damn thing, Robert.   But let's start with what you do know."
"I'm leaving," Jobe Treyer said, growling, "Fuck all of you."
"Restrain him," Medoferro instructed the guard, "He will leave when I dismiss.  Not before."
The guards came forward and aimed their crossbows at Jobe's head.  He made a quick move to try to leave, but when he saw that he realized that he would be dead within several paces.
"Were you alone when you started drinking, Robert?" Medoferro asked him.
"Yes," Robert lied.
"You're lying Robert," Medoferro said, knowing that everyone could tell this, "Try again."
"Ok," Robert said, just about breaking down, "I was with Jobe, but I passed out…"
"When you awoke you found yourself covered with the girl's blood," Medoferro surmised, "And you believed Jobe when he told you that you did it?"
"I did not!" Jobe exclaimed.
"Shut up, Jobe," Colonel Serim warned.
"I get violent when I drink," Robert told him, "I've hit people before…"
"You may have gotten drunk," Medoferro told him, "But I doubt seriously you could have kept an erection long enough to rape that child."
"I would never!" Robert exclaimed.
"According to your confession you did," Medoferro reminded him, "Had you even sobered up by the time you gave that confession?"
"I killed her…" Robert said, "I should have…"
"You should have what," Medoferro asked him, "What did you do?"
"I should have stopped him," Robert said, beginning to sob, "I could have stopped him, but I just watched…  He…   Oh gods…"
"You didn't commit this crime," Medoferro said, "You can regret it all you want, but Mullinix law is for the guilty.  I don't think there is any doubt who the guilty one is."
"Fuck you, Mullinix!" Jobe Treyer yelled, "Fuck all of you.  You're going to take the word of a violent drunkard liar?"
"Compared to you," Colonel Serim said, "Yes."
"I'm prepared for my judgment," Medoferro said, "Jobe Treyer, I find you guilty of the murder of Angela Storm.   You may retreat to a lone room to make peace with your maker.  Should you decide to do so you can meet him on your own terms.   Should you refuse this, an execution method of the Storm Family's choice will be brought to bear on you."
"Fuck you all!" Jobe yelled and pushed past the guards, "I refuse to do this!"
Jobe Treyer ran for the door and was stopped by a large, strapping man holding a knife.   This man looked hard into Jobe Treyer's eyes and drove the knife into the pedophilic child killer's gut.   Treyer's eyes went wide and he sank down onto the ground, his blood spilling onto the polished white floor of the session room.
"That's for Angela, you sick creep," the man said through clenched teeth, "Rot in hell."
There was silence in the room as they absorbed what happened. Nobody was making any moves to help Jobe Treyer.  It would have been useless, as the knife wound was severe enough that nobody could have helped him.  Medoferro was almost in shock, but knew he had to deal with it as the Mullinix hearing the case.
"Who is that man?" Medoferro asked Serim quietly.
"Angela's father," Serim told him, "Nick Storm."
"Very well," Medoferro said, "Listen up, everyone."
The crowd turned to him, as did Nick Storm and Robert Morgan.  Medoferro looked over all of them and tried to decide what to do.  Massimaferro was little to no help now, barely even comprehending what was going on.   Medoferro knew he didn't want to do another case, so he decided to handle it.
"I think we can skip over the usual hour," Medoferro said, "Nick Storm, as the father of the murdered child I think we can call this an official execution of Mullinix Justice.   Jobe Treyer has paid the price.   Have the body removed from the courtroom and have Mr. Morgan sent to a counselor to take care of his problems.    Case closed!"
There was a cheer in the room and everyone began filing out.   Nick Storm's wife led him out of the room and consoled him.   Once everyone was out of the room Medoferro collapsed into his chair and let out a series of dry heaves before getting control of himself.
"Good gods," Medoferro said, "I'm glad that's over."
"Good job, Medo," Massimaferro croaked out, "I couldn't have done that well today."
"Get to bed," Medoferro told him, "Session is done for now, right?"
"Yes Mullinix," Colonel Serim nodded, "We'll deal with other things later."
"Good," Medoferro said, nodding, "Rav, get Massy upstairs.   Ari, go with him and keep an eye on him.   Colonel, would you please direct me to the nearest source of alcohol?"
"Follow me," Serim smiled, "I'll serve you the best brandy in my cellar…"

Chapter 57 - A Traitor’s Realization

 Anthony Stack walked in to the castle in the Mavelan Capital City.   The journey had not been a pleasant one, as trade between the Mullinix and the Mavelans had pretty well ceased after the defection of Cirrus, some twenty-five years earlier.  Much like their royal counterpart up in Siraq, this palace was far more opulent than needed by the monarch who lived within.
This was the first time Anthony Stack had actually left the borders of the empire.  He had not been prepared for what he was seeing in the Mavelans.  Working for Ellis LaPorte had been more an accident than anything else, an adventure, one he figured would make him more money than he'd ever dream of being a simple clerk.
"You must be Mr. Stack," one of the porters said in passable Mullinix, "They told me you would be here."
"Yes," Stack nodded, looking around at the sheer opulence of the place, "I represent Ellis LaPorte."
"The message from Colonel LaPorte only made it here yesterday," the porter said, "If you will follow me I will lead you where you need to go."
"Very well," Stack agreed, using his barely passable Mavelan, "I will follow."
The Mavelans were a bit different from the Mullinix in their manner, due mainly to the more restrictive society that they lived in.  To any Mullinix who had ever met a Mavelan citizen they appeared rigid and unfeeling.  For a nation that lived and died at the whims of their often insane rulers; it was the only way to live.
"Our glorious king has been waiting for word from you," the porter said, "How go things in Cirrus City?  
"It's still a mess," Stack told him, "Perfect for the plans.  The Mullinix has no idea what is going on yet."
The porter nodded and waved at a guard as they passed through.   Stack looked around and wondered what it was like to live in such an oppressive environment.  He figured he'd be finding out soon enough.
"Good," the porter said, "Come on inside, Mr. Stack, we need to discuss some business."
"Shouldn't we do this with the king himself?" Stack asked as they walked into the room, "I mean you are a porter aren't you?"
"Only when I'm not being official," the porter said, removing his jacket and gaudy headdress, "I play a porter when I'm not in my chambers.   Makes it harder to find me."
"Excuse me?" Stack asked, "Why would someone want to assassinate a porter?"
"Permit me to introduce myself," the former porter told him, standing upright and showing much better teeth than any porter would normally have, "I am King Facie of the Mavelans.   The ruse is necessary for my protection.  There are many people, quite a few of whom are your countrymen, who would like to see me dead."
"I see your Mullinix improves when you are not playing porter," Stack told him, "You speak it almost as well as I do."
"You must learn the language of your enemy to truly know how to defeat them," Facie told him, his yellowed features now becoming more apparent, "I yearn to someday have Insegniferro's head on a stick, right outside my palace.   I will gaze at it as I watch photoplays of the destruction of Mullinix Centre."
"I don't think we'll get that far right now," Anthony Stack told the king, "But we do have Cirrus back in our grasp."
"That will do for a start," the king said, taking glasses from a counter and pouring himself and his guest a glass of fine sherry, "Can you do this without precipitating a full war?"
"We couldn't have while Taliaferro was alive," Stack told him, "But he was old.  We knew he wouldn't be around for long. I've been giving them bogus information about Cirrus for ten years, so much so that they can't know what is true and what isn't now."
"So Colonel LaPorte told me," King Facie nodded, "Why now?"
"Perfect timing," Stack told him, "That's how I got burned.  Medoferro is young, so we're moving now.  The curious young fool started listening to things he shouldn't have been.  I would give my right arm to know how the hell he removed Srado and his men."
"Perhaps you overreached too quickly," Facie suggested, "How good are LaPorte's controls up there?"
"Nothing goes in or out without his approval," Stack said, "The reports are so jumbled at this point that nobody knows what is true or not except for us."
"Very well," Facie nodded, "When will the transfer be taking place?"
"We're waiting for final word on the conferences with Siraq," Stack told the King, "It will be easier if Insegniferro is at home running the roost.   Massimaferro is a better tactician.  With him dealing with the Siraqis, we can make the transfer before he can do anything about it."
"You have one week then," Facie told them, "I have connections with the Siraqi Government.  They have graciously agreed to push up the conference.   The Mullinix themselves don't even know this yet."
"One week," Stack said, nodding, "I think we can do it.  Can your people be ready?"
"They will be," Facie nodded, "Or else."
Anthony Stack had to fight to keep from flinching in the realization of what the 'or else' meant.   He began to wonder what he had gotten himself in to, but realized that since his treachery in the capital was now known he had little choice but to continue on this path.
"You should go back to Cirrus and let LaPorte know," Facie told the envoy, "You have little time to prepare."
"Yes, your highness," Stack agreed, "I'll make plans to leave straight away."
"Be sure to be ready," Facie told him as he started to leave, "I want lists of the troublemakers made.  The camps will have to be put up quickly."
"Camps?" Stack asked, "What camps?"
"The removal and reeducation camps," Facie said, same smile on his face, "The people who will make the transition difficult.  We must deal with them squarely.  There will be no repeat of what happened twenty-five years ago."
"We'll get started on it," Stack nodded, inwardly wincing, "Anything else, sire?"
"We'll talk again when it is done," Facie said, "Let LaPorte know that I will reward you both for all you have done."
"I will do so," Stack agreed, "I must go, your highness."
"Travel well, Mr. Stack," King Facie told him, "I trust you shall be successful."
Anthony Stack nodded as he left, not sure if he particularly wanted to be now.

Chapter 58 - In the News…

"Miranda!" Stacy exclaimed as she ran into the room, "You’ve got to see this."
"What?" Miranda asked her, "What’s going on?  Someone die?"
"Not exactly," Stacy said, "Well, sort of, but nobody important."
"What are you talking about, Stacy?" Miranda asked her, "What happened?"
"Medoferro heard cases today," Stacy said, "Can you believe that?"
"You’re kidding?" Miranda said, "What the heck…"
"It’s all over the evening paper," Stacy told her, "Your guy did a bang up job, exposed the real killer and everything."
"He’s not my guy, Stacy," Miranda said, rolling her eyes, "Let me see that paper…"
"You wish he was," Stacy grinned, enjoying teasing her friend on this point, "He’s turning out well."
"Better than I would have," Miranda mumbled as she read the details, "Good gods, did he really do this?"
"I have no trouble believing it," Stacy told her, "You know that assassination attempt a few days back?"
"Yes?" Miranda nodded, looking up.
"He was the one who did most of it," Stacy confided, "I don’t know what he did, but I started fighting faster and he took charge.   He’s going to be really good at this."
"He still hates it," Miranda said, "Probably would rather do anything else."
"He wouldn’t have been chosen otherwise," Stacy reminded her, "I wonder why he did a murder case though.  Usually they are apprentices for several years before doing that."
"Medo has been in for less than six months," Miranda said thoughtfully, "That’s really strange."
"Makes me wonder if something is up," Stacy said, "Hope everything is all right."
"Nothing we can do anyway," Miranda sighed, "We’re stuck here."
"I’ll talk to Marina tomorrow," Stacy promised, "Keep the paper.   I’ve finished with it."
"Thanks," Miranda said, continuing to read the details, "I’m going to finish reading this."
"I figured," Stacy chuckled, "Enjoy."

Chapter 59 - Iggy’s Wrath

"How is Massy holding up?" Medoferro asked Ari Coblein as the Medico walked into the room.
"Finally asleep," he said, "He wanted to get up for the call to Insegniferro.  I told him that if you could do session you could talk to Insegniferro."
"Yeah," Medoferro nodded, finishing his brandy, "It's running on about that time too, isn't it?"
"The line will hold for you," Colonel Serim promised, "Don't worry about that."
"If the news has made it there already Iggy is probably going to be pissed," Medoferro sighed, "I guess I'd better go talk to him."
"Look at it this way," Colonel Serim said, "At least you got the job done.  It would have been worse if you screwed it up."
"True," Medoferro nodded, "At least he can't throttle me from there."
"Do I need to call and cancel for tomorrow?" Rav Suvorov asked Medoferro, "Colonel Ballfur needs to know so he can prepare the Macmanite reception."
"I want to let Massy sleep," Medo said, "Hold off on the call until I talk to Insegniferro though.  If he agrees, we'll be going to Macmanite late and just doing a minor reception."
"Very well," Rav nodded, "I'll do preliminary plans for that while you're waiting."
"We've got to go to Macmanite anyway," Medoferro said, "We can't show weakness before the conference.   We just have to hope that Massy has enough time to get better."
"Line is open," a young man said upon entering the room, "Insegniferro will be there by the time you are."
"Thank you," Medoferro nodded, "Go ahead and pour me another Colonel.  I'm sure I'll need one when I get back."
"As you wish, Mullinix," Colonel Serim smiled, "Good luck."
Medoferro nodded and walked into the room that he'd sat with Massimaferro in the night before.   The thick door closed behind him, giving him that nervous chill that he'd felt before.  
"Ok Massy," Insegniferro started off as soon as he heard the door shut, "What the hell is going on there?"
"Massy isn't here, Iggy," Medoferro said, wincing a little at the tone, "He's sleeping."
"What the hell do you think you were doing?" Insegniferro asked him, "You are nowhere near ready to do this yet!  What the hell were you thinking?"
"We had no choice," Medoferro told him, "Unless you'd have liked me to let Massy continue on with it when he was in no shape to do so."
"What are you talking about?" Iggy asked him, "Not able?"
"Massy is sick, Iggy," Medoferro told him, "He was barely holding himself up in there.   I couldn't let him decide someone's life like that."
"I should have figured it was something like that," Iggy sighed, "Why didn't you just cancel the session?"
"Because Massimaferro is stubborn as an ox," Medoferro retorted, "You know that as well as I do.  He was insistent that it be done.   Rather than let him make an ass of himself, I went ahead and did it, relying on my ability to tell truth."
"You should have warned me," Iggy told him, "I could have talked sense into that ox."
"He went down during sessions," Medo sighed, "What the hell do you expect me to do?  Force him into this room to talk to you?"
"Where is he now?" Iggy asked him, "Is he going to be all right?"
"We don't know what is wrong yet," Medo told him honestly, "It could be just a case of stomach flu or something he ate didn't agree with him."
"Is the lummox sleeping now?" Iggy asked the young Mullinix, "Or is he being bullheaded on that too?"
"He finally went to sleep," Medo said, "Unless you think it best to issue a cancellation now I will just hold off and go to Macmanite late, having a small ceremony."
"Probably best," Insegniferro agreed, "He may just sleep it off and everything will be fine."
"I hope so," Medoferro agreed, "Gods help me if he doesn't."
"Call me when you get to Macmanite," Iggy told him, "We'll confer on it then."
"Have you heard from Paulus yet?" Medoferro asked him, "Because I know damn well I will get asked more questions about what is happening down in Cirrus."
"Nothing," Iggy said, "LaPorte claims an attack happened, but somehow I'm having more and more trouble believing him."
"You too?" Medoferro asked, "I swear… If it isn't one thing it is another."
"I know it," Insegniferro nodded, "I'm still wading through the pile of paperwork from the last few years."
"Well, take it easy, Iggy," Medoferro told him, "Don't burn yourself out.  If Massy gets worse I will need you at your best."
"You too," Insegniferro told him, "Call me before you do anything other than minor ceremonies.  I need to give you instructions if Massy can't."
"Will do," Medoferro nodded, "I'll talk to you tomorrow, Iggy."
"Good luck, Medo," Insegniferro told him, "And if he tries any of that heroics crap again have him forcibly put to bed on my order."
"With pleasure," Medoferro chuckled, "I'll talk to you in Macmanite."
The line closed off and Medoferro walked back out of the booth and sat down on the couch, picking up his freshly poured glass of fine brandy and taking a sip.   He looked around at the others and then leaned back, rubbing his temple with one hand.
"Was Iggy pissed?" Rav asked him.
"He was until I explained," Medo shrugged, "He's more annoyed at Massy's stubbornness."
"What about tomorrow?" Suvorov asked him.
"Plan for a late departure and arrival," Medoferro told him, "We'll let him sleep as long as we can."
"Short ceremony then?" Suvorov asked him, "Simple wave and a few words from you or him?"
"As short as we can manage," Medoferro told him, "If he's feeling lousy I can prop him up like I did in the chamber.   I just hope that's unnecessary."
"It probably isn't good for him either," Coblein told him, "I don't know what you're doing, but if it keeps him moving…"
"We'll worry about it tomorrow," Medoferro told them, "I'm drained and the alcohol is hitting me.  I will retire.  Good night, guys."
Good nights were exchanged and Medoferro went to the room he was staying in for a second night.  He blew out the lights and curled up on the bed, feeling more alone than he ever had felt before.  He just prayed to whatever gods he could think of for Massimaferro's health to return, lest he have to take his place permanently.   He sobbed himself quietly to sleep with the nightmares of what could happen.

Chapter 60 - In Siraq

"Ok," Simon said to Roland as they headed south towards Skolnik, "We're far enough away from the capital.   What the hell is going on here?"
"I wish I knew," Roland said honestly, "I've never seen anything like it.   I've dealt with the Siraqis for over thirty years and I have never seen them this solicitous of us.   One week to prepare?   They usually take that long to decide what type of salad dressing is to be served at the banquet!"
"You think they're up to something, don't you?" Simon asked him, "Something rotten."
"You saw that place," Roland told him, "A glorious waste of national resources.  Most of Siraq is starving, and most of the portion that isn't works in the empire.  The Siraqi government usually only tolerates us, and then because we give them a lot of money in trade over that river."
"So why would they suddenly become this agreeable?" Simon wondered, "I mean you weren't being demanding or anything, but still…"
"They even agreed to let us choose the menu," Roland reminded him, "Gods, I remember going over that last time.  Took Paulus and Myself nearly four days just to get them to choose beef or chicken.  The King is very particular in his diet."
"I could tell by his sixty inch waist," Simon grumbled, "So what do we do?"
"That's the nice thing about being a personal representative," Roland grinned, "We don't have to decide that part of it.  We just tell our Mullinix what we saw and what we think.  They get to decide on it."
"I think this is a strange way to run a country," Simon sighed, "So we don't do anything at all?"
"We do what we've got to do," Roland shrugged, "We go on to Skolnik and inform the palace."
"Then we go home?" SSimon asked hopefully.
"You wish," Roland chuckled, "You want Sascha back in your bed."
"Of course I do," Simon grinned, "Why wouldn't I?"
"Heh," Roland snorted, "Tough luck buddy, we've got to prepare for the conference.  We'll be going ahead and getting things ready before Medo and Massy get there."
"I think you just want to stay away from Sueta," Simon said, "Paulus told me a few stories…"
"Probably all true as well," Roland agreed, "I don't deny that I would prefer the road than home."
"Then why do you stay married?" Simon asked him, "I don't quite get that.  With your job you could easily leave her and live in the palace where the companionship is better."
"There's a long story there, Simon," Roland said, "Some of it isn't exactly pleasant."
"We have time, Roland," Simon told him, "Why did you marry Sueta?"
"There was a time once, many years ago," Roland said, thinking wistfully, "That we actually loved each other."
"What happened?" Simon asked him, "I mean she couldn't have turned this way overnight."
"I met Sueta while I was traveling for Iggy," Roland said, continuing his story, "He'd been Mullinix for less than a year and needed information about some of the areas that had been neglected for a while.   So I began a large tour."
"Sounds like fun so far," Simon nodded, "Did you meet Sueta while out there?"
"Yep," Roland nodded, "I was spending a few days in Connoer, enjoying the scenery and the girls out there.  I swear, those beaches just outside Connoer have some of the most beautiful women in the empire."
"I've heard that," Simon nodded, "I've always wanted to go there.  Never gotten around to it."
"We'll have to go when things calm down a bit," Roland grinned, "For a fact finding mission, of course."
"Of course," Simon grinned, "Sounds like a good idea to me.   So Sueta was one of those girls?"
"One of the most beautiful of the lot if you can believe it," Roland smiled, "She and I were smitten.  I didn't look at anyone else and made several trips back to that area.  I finally asked her to join me on my travels."
"Sounds reasonable," Simon agreed, "What went wrong?"
"Nothing at all, actually," Roland said, smiling as he remembered those good days, "We traveled together for about three years before deciding to take that plunge and get married."
"Something changed somewhere," Simon said, "Otherwise you wouldn't be where you are now."
"The changes came when she wanted to settle down," Roland sighed, "I loved her, so I went ahead and bought the house in town.  That's the one she still lives in and I call home, for the short times I'm actually there now."
"You didn't take to it well, huh?" Simon asked him.
"I hate it," Roland said, "But she turned into a homebody.   Before long she didn't want to travel with me at all and wanted kids.   We have four now because of that."
"That still doesn't explain the dislike," Simon said, "She changed and you didn't.  Usually doesn't mean the end of a good relationship."
"The death of Taliaferro's personal rep was pretty well the death knell," Roland told him, "I had to spend more time on the road because we never replaced him.  Edgar, Crianferro's rep, had long since disappeared from the scene and refused to come back to work for Taliaferro.  That meant that Paulus and I had to take on the brunt of the work."
"So you were gone longer and longer," Simon nodded, "I think I see where this is going."
"You're probably right," Roland nodded, "I love my kids but Sueta and I do little but fight when I come home.   I think the only reason I haven't left for good is the kids.  When they grow up most likely I will slowly stop going home."
"Good advertisement for staying single," Simon grinned, "Now I think I see why the Mullinix can't marry."
"It also saves them from alliance marriages," Roland reminded him, "We'd often get offered them in the past.  This gives them a plausible reason to refuse them."
"The world of government is strange," Simon sighed, "How long to Skolnik do you think?"
"Two more hours," Roland estimated, "More or less."
"I think I will shut up for a bit and enjoy the scenery," Simon said, "Not like I get out of the empire every day."
"Makes you appreciate what you have, doesn't it?" Roland asked him.
"It certainly does," Simon agreed, "It most certainly does."

Chapter 61 - Macmanite

The ride from Nessun Cucchiaio was a quicker affair than usual, mainly because they didn't leave until nearly three in the afternoon.   The night's sleep helped Massimaferro some, but he was still not much better than he was the day before.  He spent most of the trip half in and out of sleep, while Medoferro did most of the waving at the crowds along the way.
They started approaching the outskirts of Macmanite at around five in the afternoon and Medoferro figured he'd better find out what would have to happen next.  He walked over to the enclosed area where Massimaferro was still resting, finding him inside with Ari Coblein.
"What's the word, Ari?" Medoferro asked him, "Any improvement?"
"I can do the speech, Medo," Massimaferro said, "I'm getting better."
"You don't look it, Massy," Medoferro told him honestly, "Iggy told me that I was to countermand you if you tried the hero shit again.   You know how little I like showing authority.  Could you please avoid making me do it?"
"We can't show weakness right now," Massimaferro grunted, "I have to say something there or people will wonder."
"You're not well enough, Mullinix," Coblein protested, "You could do some additional damage."
"It's a simple stomach flu, Medico," Massimaferro grunted, "I will be fine."
"Stomach flu doesn't mess up your head and balance," Medoferro reminded him, "I saw you walking to the coach this morning.  Your balance is messed up rather badly."
"If I don't do it you have to," Massimaferro reminded him, "You can do what you did yesterday can't you?"
"It may not help you for long," Medoferro said, "And it won't do anyone any good if I go down with a reaction headache from propping you up."
"Five minutes," Massimaferro said, "I speak really quick, apologize for having a stomach ache, then we go inside."
"And you go back to bed," Coblein said, "Medoferro can handle the dinner with Colonel Ballfur.  The last thing you need right now is rich food."
"He's right," Medoferro said, "I can handle Colonel Ballfur, from the reports he is the strongest Colonel you have in this area.  You go straight back to bed once you get off that stage."
"Very well," Massimaferro grunted, "Can you prop me up using your power, Medo?"
"I can try," Medoferro told him, "That's all I can promise.  I need to keep my head clear so I can talk to Insegniferro afterwards."
"It will have to do," Massimaferro said, "We'll do a quick appearance and then go talk to Iggy, at which point I'll go back to bed for a while."
"You sure you want to face Iggy's wrath right now?" Medoferro grinned, "He was livid that we didn't cancel session entirely."
"We can't," Massimaferro said, "And I'm not that bad."
"We're five minutes from the stage," Suvorov said, "I'm taking some people and checking security."
"Are you ready for this?" Medoferro asked him, "I can fix your balance for a short while, but I can't stop the pain."
"I'll manage," Massimaferro told him, "I have to."
Medoferro nodded and took a few minutes to do some mental preparations.  He mentally prodded Massimaferro a little and found a point to push power.   He touched Massimaferro's shoulder and made contact, finding the connection a bit harder to make than it had been the day before.  
Massimaferro's body was like a dry sponge, sucking the power it needed from Medoferro's connection.  Medoferro had to put more effort into tempering the connection than he did in actually pushing power to keep it from shoving him straight into a reaction headache or worse.
"We're here, Mullinix," Rav said, being formal to indicate that there were others nearby, "Are you ready, sir?"
"I'm as ready as I'll ever be," Massimaferro grumbled, "You ok, Medo?"
"Yes," Medoferro nodded, "Let's get this over with quick."
They walked up onto the platform, both waving.   Medoferro was having a harder time doing this than he did the day before, as he had to push more power to Massimaferro.  They both walked slowly and stood next to each other at the podium.   The cheering continued and they both acted as if they appreciated it.
"Do this quick," Medoferro whispered to Massy, "You're draining me quicker than I thought."
"Greetings Citizens!" Massimaferro said loudly, "I'd like to thank you for this warm welcome to Macmanite!"
Medoferro lost track of what Massy was doing as he held the power stream.   To make it a bit easier he put his hand surreptitiously on Massimaferro's back, making it a much more controllable physical connection.  Massimaferro went into a quick anecdote about the last time he was in Macmanite, going longer than he should have.  Medoferro was sweating profusely, as was Massimaferro when he finished.   Medo pushed a quick shock of power into Massimaferro, telling him silently to finish up.
"I do apologize for how short this entrance is," Massimaferro told them, "But I'm afraid that I have been stricken with a stomach virus and need to rest.  I thank you for your attention and your warm welcome.   Have a good night and we'll see you for session tomorrow."
"Walk quick," Medoferro grunted, "I'm about to have to let go of the connection."
They walked off the stage together and went into the government house.   As soon as they were inside the door Medoferro had to cut the connection, the backlash of which sent them both down to the floor.  Medoferro groaned in pain as the reaction headache started.  Massimaferro, without the propping up from Medoferro, almost passed out completely, but managed to stay conscious.
"I told you to keep it short," Medoferro growled, "Now I will have a headache for a while."
"Sorry," Massimaferro said, breathing really heavy, "I didn't know how much you were giving…"
"Too much," Coblein said, "Do you want anything for the headache, Medo?"
"No," Medo told him, "Headache teas make this type of reaction headache worse.  Food is usually the best cure, at least that's what the old man told me."
"I'd normally welcome you to Macmanite," Colonel Ballfur said, walking up, "But you two don't look like you're in any condition for it.  Would you like me to have your bed set up?"
"We need a line to Insegniferro first," Massimaferro said, "Then I'll go to bed."
"When is dinner tonight?" Medoferro asked him.
"Whenever you are ready," Colonel Ballfur told him, "It's nice to meet you finally, Medoferro."
"Wish the circumstances could be better," Medoferro said, pulling himself up and shaking hands, "Did Colonel Serim let you know the situation?"
"He and I spoke after you left," Colonel Ballfur nodded, "I thought he was exaggerating.  Is there anything I can do?"
"Get us that line and quick so I can send this fool back to bed," Medoferro told him, "Where's the room?"
"This way," Colonel Ballfur nodded, "Do you need help?"
"I'm ok," Medoferro said, "You can help Ari with Massimaferro though."
Colonel Ballfur nodded and they all walked to the back room where the line operators were.  This government house was not much different from the one back in Nessun Cucchaiao, the only difference really being in use of local materials and some local artwork on the walls.  
"Perhaps I should go in and attend to Massimaferro while you talk," Ari asked Medoferro.
"I'm not an invalid yet," Massimaferro grunted, "I'll be fine with Medoferro."
Ari nodded at the rebuke and stood back.   Medoferro and Colonel Ballfur helped Massimaferro into the room and the connection was made.  Medoferro sat back in the chair and waited for the connection while the Colonel left the room.
"Prepare for an ass chewing," Medoferro grinned, "One that you'll rightfully deserve."
"No doubt," Massimaferro nodded, "I'm sure I will."
"You do," Insegniferro's voice said, "What the hell were you thinking yesterday, Massy?"
"I'm ok," Massimaferro protested weakly, going into a coughing fit and proving himself wrong, "Really."
"Bullshit," Insegniferro told him, "You're as stubborn as ever.  Unfortunately, it looks like you did the right thing."
"What do you mean by that?" Medoferro asked, "How was making me have to take over the right thing?"
"I talked to Roland and Simon a few hours ago," Insegniferro explained, "They just got back to Skolnik.   Those bastards in Siraq chose a really miserable time to become amicable.  Your conference is in a bloody week."
"You're kidding me!" Medoferro said, "A week?"
"They usually take longer than that to decide what to wear," Massimaferro said weakly, "Why the change?"
"Roland is suspicious," Insegniferro said, "They might have gotten wind of you being sick too."
"They would do something like that," Massimaferro grunted, "What do we do?"
"Can we reschedule?" Medoferro wondered, "Do this later?"
"They'll insist on the time," Insegniferro told them, "We've got to keep going and hope he gets better."
"That means he needs rest," Medoferro said, "No more of this heroics stuff."
"He's right, Massy," Insegniferro agreed, "You go to bed and don't come out until you are better."
"I do that and we'll confirm that something is wrong," Massimaferro said, "We have to at least take session here tomorrow and make it to Polonion the day after that."
"Traveling probably won't interrupt your rest," Medoferro said, "I can handle session, especially if it is mostly simple stuff."
"Send word ahead to Polonion to skip the opening ceremonies," Insegniferro told him, "If you're feeling better, great.  You can do session.  If not let Medo handle the official crap and you can rest.  I don't like that he got a murder case so early, but the fact that he handled it this well means he can do the rest of it so long as the local Colonel is there."
"Ballfur will play along," Massimaferro agreed, "I am pretty sure Spiketon in Polonion will too."
"If he's getting worse we can skip Skolnik completely," Medoferro said, "Did they tell you where it is being held?"
"The border trade villages about 20 miles north of Skolnik," Insegniferro said, "They have a line we built for the last time and there is a defensible cottage complex right up near the border."
"I know the area," Medoferro nodded, "That's where Miranda is from.  I've been there a few times as well."
"Good," Insegniferro agreed over the line, "Then you may be of more use there."
"I guess I'm out of the game for a bit," Massimaferro sighed, "Where's the bed?"
"I'm sure Ari and the Colonel can help you with that," Insegniferro told him, "I want to speak with Medoferro for a few minutes anyway."
"All right," Massimaferro said and knocked on the wall, "Get me up to a bed."
Ari Coblein and Colonel Ballfur came into the room and helped Massimaferro out.  He tried to walk himself but was having more and more problems.  Once the door was closed Insegniferro started to ask a few more pointed questions to the young Apprentice.
"Ok Medo," Iggy said over the line, "How bad is it really?"
"His mind is muddled to be sure," Medoferro said, "In order to get in I had to hook to him again.   I spent more energy keeping him from sucking me dry than I did actually feeding him.  There is something badly wrong."
"Don't let him make any decisions," Insegniferro told him, "You handle anything short of a war.  If you need definitive information get on the line and we'll confer."
"You got it," Medoferro nodded, "Can I get away with countermanding him?"
"If he looks half as bad as he sounds I doubt anyone will fight you," Insegniferro said, "Suvorov knows better anyway."
"He's quite a bit better off the sauce," Medoferro agreed, "I've been keeping him sober."
"Good," Insegniferro said, "Massy was right about one thing though.  We can't let on how serious it is."
"I'll do session tomorrow going with the stomach flu story," Medoferro promised, "I just wish there were some books written on this subject."
"There are a few," Insegniferro told him, "Most of them date back decades.  We prefer you to learn to think for yourself, but in this case…"
"I could use the help," Medoferro told him, "I can do tomorrow's without a problem, but I'd like to see the book."
"I'll send you someone as soon as I can," Insegniferro promised, "I just have to find a carrier I can trust.  All my people are off somewhere."
"If you can't get them here by morning then they can meet me and I'll read on my way to Polonion," Medoferro promised, "Hopefully we'll be able to keep session short here."
"You got it," Iggy said, "I'll figure out tonight who to send and have them leave early in the morning on horse for speed travel."
"I'll put off session as long as I can," Medoferro promised, "Is there anything else?" 
"Take it easy and keep that lummox off his feet," Insegniferro told him, "Call me if you need approval on anything."
"I'll give you a status update tomorrow night," Medoferro promised, "I'm also considering making Polonion a one day stop.  Travel in the morning, have lunch with Colonel Spiketon and hold session that afternoon.  I can use the conference as a reason."
"Good idea," Iggy agreed, "Go ahead and do that anyway.   Even if he gets better he doesn't need to spend much time doing session."
"And we can use the time to prepare," Medoferro agreed, "Get your people here with those books quickly."
"As soon as I can," Iggy promised, "Take care of yourself."
"Oh," Medoferro said, as he had almost forgot, "Anything new on Cirrus?"
"Other than my ire, no," Iggy growled, "I'm still trying to get information.  We'll fight that in a few though.  Take care of Massy and that conference first.  I'll handle Cirrus until he gets better."
"Right," Medoferro agreed, not wanting to take on another problem he could do nothing about.
"Good luck, Medo," Iggy told him, "I will hunt down a courier."
The line went dead and Medoferro was left sitting alone in that room again.  He closed his eyes and enjoyed the solitude for a few moments before going out again.  He just hoped that it got better.

Chapter 62 - A Traitor’s Return

Anthony Stack walked into Ellis LaPorte's office, a bit haggard from his journey south.  The roads over that mountain range were piss poor at best and were even worse when he was returning.  Ellis LaPorte looked up at Stack upon his entrance and actually stood his rotund body up.
"Welcome back, Anthony," LaPorte told him, "How was your trip over the mountains?"
"Miserable," Stack grumbled, tossing some documents on LaPorte's desk, "I met with Facie and he's ready for us to do it as well."
"Good," LaPorte said, "We just have to hold on until that conference starts.  Probably another month."
"Six more days," Stack told him, "Facie used his pull with the Siraqi king to speed things along.  The conference is in a week."
"Outstanding!" LaPorte said, "I can handle that."
"You know that Facie intends on slaughtering a large portion of the population," Anthony told his old friend, "He asked me to make sure you have the troublemakers labeled and ready to go."
"I've started that process already," LaPorte told him, "I have some interesting things planned on that score too."
"We're really doing this?" Stack told him, "I mean… We're going to be killing innocent civilians."
"Gotta break eggs," LaPorte shrugged, "There are too many people in this blasted city.   Better to start again with the young who know nothing but my rule."
"Right," Stack nodded, "Did that Mullinix Representative report my presence back up north?"
"Kinda hard for him to do that in a cell," LaPorte said, "He and his late guard tried to break in to my radio room.  Mr. Tally will be spending his remaining days in the prison downstairs."
"I'm sure Facie will love getting him," Stack said, almost joking, "How are you holding off Massimaferro?"
"I'm not," LaPorte told him, "He's up north with the whelp that screwed you over.  I'm talking to Insegniferro and claiming that we don't know where he is.   The nonexistent search parties have still found no trace of him.   I will probably have them find some clues that they've gone north again in a couple days."
"Be careful," Stack warned, "Insegniferro isn't as good at tactics as Massimaferro, but he's no slouch either."
"He can be as good as he wants," LaPorte said dismissively, "In one week it will no longer matter."
"Right," Stack nodded, "Well, it's been a long journey.  I'm going to head to my room and get some sleep."
"Go ahead," LaPorte nodded, "I've got plenty to work on.   I'll catch you at dinner, Tony."
"Right," Tony Stack nodded as he got up and started to walk out.   He was almost out when LaPorte said something else.
"We're almost home free Tony," LaPorte told him, "Buck up.  The hard work is about to pay off."
"Right," Stack said again, nodding as he walked out the door.
He wasn't so sure.

Chapter 63 - Marina’s Plan

"You ok, Iggy?" Marina asked him, "You look tense."
"With Massimaferro sick and Medoferro pretty well alone," Insegniferro told her, "I don't have much reason to be calm."
"Medo has a good head on his shoulders," Marina reassured him, "He'll be fine out there."
"He's too young to have to do this alone," Iggy told her, "I'm worried he will crack.  He sounded pretty bad this afternoon."
"I don't understand what his power is," Marina told him, "But from what Stacy told me it is probably because he used it on Massy much as he did on Stacy during the attack a few days ago."
"I still don't understand what he did," Iggy said, "How could he do that?"
"I don't understand it either," Marina said, "But it works whatever it is."
"Yeah," Iggy nodded, "Did records come up with the books I wanted?"
"Yep," Marina nodded, "Three early books on Mullinix Law.  I didn't even know these existed."
"They are rarely used," Iggy explained, "We prefer to leave things loose, rather than put together a bureaucracy.  Thing is, Medo hasn't had a chance to see enough cases so he needs a way to deal with things he's never seen."
"I just wish I could help more," Marina sighed, "But I think he's growing away from me."
"Human emotion goes past the physical needs after a while," Iggy reminded the young woman, "And I know your past as well as you do.  With what he can do now he can probably detect some of what hurt you and some of what has to be missing after what you went through."
"He needs someone that can love him more than I can," Marina translated, "And you're probably right.  I think the world of him and am proud to share his bed, to give him that much comfort.  But I don't have the capability to give him everything he would need."
"In his position it is possible no one will," Iggy said, "I got lucky with Molly."
"I'll do the best I can," Marina shrugged, "That's all I can do."
"You're doing fine," Iggy told her, "Better than I am.   I don't have anyone I can trust to deliver the books."
"A guard?" Marina asked him, "We can trust most of them."
"These books are not supposed to exist," Iggy reminded her, "I need someone who can keep their mouth shut.   Someone that can help Suvorov out wouldn't hurt either."
"I've got an idea," Marina said, "One that might cheer Medoferro up a bit too."
"I'm all for that," Iggy said, "Who?"
"My cousin Stacy, the guard who is with Miranda," Marina said, "She knows Medo almost as well as I do and they work well together.   He is sweet on Miranda, so if you send her too he'll probably be grateful."
"I guess we can trust Stacy after what she brought to us about Cirrus," Iggy nodded, "You think Miranda will help with Medo, huh?"
"Stacy told me she likes him a lot," Marina told him, "I can tell by the way he looks at her that he feels the same but is afraid for it because of his position."
"Can you get them up here?" Iggy asked her, "Preferably Stacy alone first."
"They should be just getting out of dinner," Marina said, "I'll go get Stacy."
"Good," Iggy nodded, "Can you send up Marianna with a headache tea on your way out?"
"Absolutely," Marina agreed, "Be back in about a half hour."

Chapter 64 - Medoferro’s Meeting

"Sounds like you're getting a rough start kid," Colonel Ballfur said to Medoferro when they were alone after the public dinner, "You seem to be holding up well."
"It's an illusion I assure you," Medoferro grinned, "I've only been a Mullinix for a few months.  I'm still not used to this garbage yet."
"It'll come to you," Colonel Ballfur shrugged and went for the brandy, "I'm betting you could use a snort of this after dealing with all the local dignitary scum."
"At least someone calls them what they really are," Medoferro chuckled, accepting the glass, "How did you ever get this job?"
"I was one of them," Ballfur shrugged, "All the right people and that crap.  Riverrayne, my home town, was a bit different though.  Everyone down there is forthright and will tell you if you're an idiot.  I think that's why Insegniferro chose me for this position.  This area needed a bit of the Riverrayne good common sense."
"I've got no complaints so far," Medoferro agreed, "You didn't feed me sheep's eyes either.  I thank you heartily for that one."
"I think Colonel Serim does that just to see how much he can get away with," Ballfur chuckled, "Last time I was down there he tried that on me.  I passed."
"I wish I had," Medoferro nodded, "Massy too.  I'm just hoping that isn't what got him sick."
"Your boss looks terrible, Medoferro," Ballfur told him, "What are you going to do for session tomorrow?"
"Unless he has a major turnaround overnight," Medoferro told him, "I'll be doing it tomorrow.  Please tell me you have an easy slate?"
"Shouldn't be anything massively difficult," Ballfur nodded, "Especially not after that rotten case you had yesterday."
"I know it," Medoferro chuckled, "So how are things going in this area?"
"Not a problem locally," Ballfur said, "But I'm going to ask you what you're probably going to get asked at every stop."
"Cirrus, right?" Medoferro sighed.
"You got it," Ballfur agreed, "What the hell is going on down in that asshole of a city?"
"Your guess is as good as mine right now," Medoferro said honestly, "I don't know for sure.   We just found out a couple days ago that Tony Stack was screwing with the records.  Insegniferro is running that investigation, trying to figure out what the hell we've been missing."
"It's a mess," Ballfur nodded, "Any hopes in getting it cleaned up?"
"We're working on it," Medoferro told him, "Massimaferro's personal representative is down there to help us get a handle on it."
"I don't get why it was ignored for so long," Ballfur said, "This is a colossal clusterfuck."
"Most of it happened before I came in," Medoferro said, removing himself a little from it, "But I'm betting it was because Taliaferro was getting so he couldn't do as much and there was more than enough work for just two of them."
"Probably so," Ballfur agreed, "Just so long as it's being worked on.  I've had parents tell me some nasty stories about what their kids went through there."
"We're getting some of those stories now," Medoferro nodded, "I assure you; they weren't ordered by us whatever they were.   We're trying to piece together what Stack obscured for so long."
"Ok," Ballfur nodded, "Now for our part of that conference…"
Medoferro sighed and prepared his notepad, knowing that he'd be listening and talking for a while much as he had the other night.   Such was the life of being a Mullinix.

Chapter 65 - Stacy and Miranda

"Stacy," Marina said as she entered the gym, "I hope you didn’t have any plans tonight."
"What’s up, Marina?" Stacy asked her, stopping her workout and wiping down with a towel, "I figured nothing major would be going on with Medoferro and Simon both out of town."
"I’ll let Insegniferro explain," Marina told her, "Would you mind coming on up to the palace?"
"Just me or Miranda too?" Stacy wondered, "What’s going on?   Do I need to change?"
"Just you for now, and we’re not going formal," Marina said, "There’s some problems brewing and we’re short of people who they can trust.  Your name came up."
"All right," Stacy agreed, "Let’s get Miranda and we’ll go.  She’ll be in the medico labs."
"Let her stay there until you hear Insegniferro out," Marina suggested, "You know her better than we do and we may not need her at all."
"I’m intrigued already," Stacy chuckled, "What Byzantine plan is Insegniferro up to now?"
"I’m just a messenger girl, cousin," Marina smiled, "It’s not my place to say."
"Good or bad?" Stacy wondered, knowing it wasn’t like Marina to be so coy.
"A bit of both," she admitted, not saying another word until they got to the palace.
They went upstairs, bypassing the usual protocol and going directly to Insegniferro’s chambers.  Stacy was impressed, usually guards were addressed in the chambers below or rarely in the official offices.   She couldn’t recall a time that a Mullinix guard had been brought into chambers.
"Good evening, Mullinix," Stacy said, "Marina said you wanted to talk to me."
"No need to be formal, Stacy," Insegniferro said, looking up from his reading, "This is a very unofficial visit here.  How much did Marina tell you?"
"Not much," Stacy smiled, "Very unlike her."
"I can follow directions," Marina smiled, "Occasionally."
"Ok," Iggy said, "No need to ramble on.  Let me explain a little of what is going on out there."
"I’m listening," Stacy agreed, "How can I help?"
"I need someone to bring a book that doesn’t exist to Medoferro," Iggy explained, "You’ve worked with Medo before and he trusts you."
"A book that doesn’t exist?" Stacy asked, "What would that be?"
"A book on codified Mullinix Law," Insegniferro told her, "It’s something that isn’t used often, but Medo needs it now."
"Doesn’t he have Massimaferro for that?" Stacy wondered, "And why do you need me?  Running out of quality people?"
"Essentially yes," Iggy explained, "Roland and Simon are preparing for a conference that is happening way too quickly.  I haven’t seen Paulus for a month and he was last seen in Cirrus."
"Still doesn’t explain why you need me," Stacy said, still a bit curious.
"Massimaferro is sick," Iggy explained, "Medo is likely going to have to do the session alone tomorrow.   He needs that book so he can get a heads up on some of what he can do."
"Medo is pretty much alone then?" Stacy asked, "How bad is it?"
"We don’t know for sure if it is stomach flu or not," Iggy sighed, "He sounded pretty bad tonight and Medo is under a lot of stress."
"That’s why you want me," Stacy nodded, "And why you’ll want Miranda as well."
"You know her better than we do," Iggy said, "Do you think she’d agree to go along?   I can’t order her like I can you."
"For Medoferro she’d go in a heartbeat," Stacy said, "Easily.  If Massy is sick she might be a help as well.   She’s a Medico candidate."
"Ok," Iggy said, "How soon can you get her here?"
"She should be just about finished in the lab now," Stacy said, checking the clock on the wall, "She’s either there or on her way back to the suite looking for me."
Insegniferro sent out one of the pages to go pick up Miranda while having some of the house staff bring in some snack food and some soft drinks.  They were in the middle of a set of snack cakes when Miranda came in, looking a bit winded.
"You ok, Mir?" Stacy asked her, "You look a bit harried."
"The page made it sound like there’s an emergency," Miranda said, "Where’s the fire?"
"There isn’t one yet," Stacy said, "Just some problems that they want our help with?"
"Our help?" Miranda asked, "I can understand you, you’re a guard, but me?"
Insegniferro patiently explained the situation to Miranda, who was surprised that they had let things get this far out of hand.   Insegniferro finished the sorry tale and made the plea to convince her to go with Stacy.
"Medoferro trusts you and feels comfortable with you," Insegniferro explained, "He is feeling pretty much alone and needs friends around.  I can order Stacy to go, but I can’t order you."
"I’d be glad to go," Miranda nodded, "But my medico training?"
"If your grades are all right," Iggy said, "I’ll make sure they pass you or at least let you take your finals later on."
"She’s tops in her class," Stacy said, "I checked in on her grades the other day."
"You’re only four days out then," Iggy said, "I’ll get them to pass you and guarantee your admission to the school in Skolnik."
"When do we leave?" Miranda asked them, "And how do we get there?"
"Horses will be the fastest way," Stacy said, "Do you know how to ride, Miranda?"
"Not really," Miranda said, "But I learn quick."
"Go two to a horse," Insegniferro suggested, "You’re both small.  Just bring the books and a simple change of clothes.   Medoferro can have clothes purchased for you when you get there.  Call it payment for getting us out of a jam."
"You’re counting on speed and my guard skills," Stacy said, "Right?"
"That and the fact that nobody knows you’ll be going," Insegniferro agreed, "I haven’t told Medoferro either, so you’ll be a pleasant surprise for him."
"When do we leave?" Miranda asked, "And where exactly are we going to meet him?"
"You can wait until morning if you like or you can try a speed run tonight," Insegniferro said, "Medoferro is in Macmanite now and will be there all day tomorrow, though he could use the book before he actually has to begin session."
"I’ve got no plans for tonight," Stacy said, "How about you, Miranda?"
"I’m ready," Miranda said, "Though if this is going to be a lengthy time we probably need to clean out our room."
"It will take me an hour to get things prepared," Insegniferro said, "Marina can go help you with your cleanup and go act as my voice to the counselors there."
"I need instructions with your seal," Marina said, "They don’t go by word alone anymore."
"We’ll go get started," Stacy said, "What do we do with our stuff?"
"Bring it back here," Insegniferro instructed them, "We’ll store it until we figure out where everyone is going.   If Miranda goes home after this we’ll forward it on there."
"Very well," Miranda nodded, "Let’s go."
Miranda and Stacy headed off and left Insegniferro and Marina there.  Marina found an official piece of stationary and Iggy spent a few minutes scratching down some official instructions.   Once the necessary signatures had been obtained, Marina was out the door going to the people necessary to release Stacy and Miranda.
"Hope this helps, Medo," Insegniferro said to himself as he watched Marina go, "Because I don’t know what else I can do for you."

Chapter 66 - A Traitor’s Lament

Anthony Stack went into the officer’s bar on the base and found himself a corner stool.  He waved over the bartender and ordered one of the local brews, something that was foul and highly alcoholic.  It was made by one of LaPorte’s cronies and was the only thing he’d allow to be sold on base.
"Be careful on that, Mate," the bartender said, "That is powerfully noxious stuff."
"Just what I’m looking for," Stack nodded, "How does it look around here?"
"Miserable," the bartender said, "People are either dying or deserting.  It’s bad for business here."
"You a local or are you working through your time?" Stack asked him.
"I’m from Northport," the bartender said, "I’m hoping to live long enough to get back."
"Why’s that?" Stack wondered, though he could guess.
"Life is cheap in these parts, sir," the bartender told him, "That’s why I learned to tend bar.  Safer than going out on duty these days."
"I hear that," Stack agreed, taking a big gulp of the noxious liquid, "That is terrible!   Why the hell don’t you serve something better?"
"I serve what they give me, sir," the bartender shrugged, "I hear the Colonel gets a cut of this crap.  I think they should serve it to him for a few days to see if he thinks it is worth it."
"I don’t think he’d care," Stack mumbled and drank it down, quickly ordering some more, "A few more of these and I don’t think I will either."
"I’d be careful talking about that," the bartender said, "The walls have ears around here."
"Eh?" Stack asked him, beginning to slur a little, "How so?"
"More than one person has criticized the command leadership and found themselves at the losing end of a fight with the Mavelans," the bartender warned, "If you value your life you’ll drink and keep your mouth shut."
"A laudable idea," Stack agreed, finishing another of the horrid brews, "Give me another one of those horrid brews."
"Certainly," the bartender said, "Anything else?"
"Keep them coming," Stack said, "When I pass out just put me in a corner and walk around me for a few days."
"Yes sir," the bartender chuckled, "Anything you say sir."
The bartender wasn’t laughing when, nearly two hours later, he had to drag Tony Stack over to a corner and cover him with a used tablecloth.  It was a position from which he would not move for nearly three days.

Chapter 67 - A Fine Surprise

"Anything on the plans for this week?" Medoferro asked Suvorov, "Did you get the line to Polonion?"
"Spiketon is insistent on getting the full two-day treatment," Suvorov said, "You can try talking to him if you want to, but he is a colossal prick."
"That's putting it mildly," Ballfur told him, "I've been dealing with him for several years now.   Wish he'd go back to the oasis.   Only good things that come out of that area are the women.  The men are all sanctimonious assholes."
"Well he will have to deal with just having me then," Medoferro shrugged, "I'm not propping up Massimaferro again.   I damn near passed out myself after that was over.  I'll do the functions myself before I do that again."
"How is he, anyway?" Suvorov asked, "I've been in that room hammering out details with Spiketon."
"He's still sleeping," Medoferro said, "His breathing is steady and pulse isn't that bad, but he's still not firing on all cylinders.   His temp is high too."
"If Spiketon gives you any trouble when you're there," Ballfur told him, "Remind him of the sheep on the South Meadow.   That will give him pause."
"I smell a story there," Medoferro said, smiling, "Is it a good one?"
"He got into a business deal that was a little hairy," Ballfur grinned, "I think he was skirting the law and not breaking it, but if you indicate that you know what happened he may become a bit more docile."
"I'll remember that," Medoferro chuckled.
"Mullinix sir," a young man said as he entered the room, "There is a pair of young women here for you, sir.  They carry the symbol of the Mullinix, but we weren't informed of any arrivals tonight."
"Insegniferro was supposed to send something," Medoferro said, "Women you said?"
"Yes sir," the young man nodded, "One blonde, one brunette.  Neither one much if any older than you are."
"He couldn't have…" Medo said, trailing off a little, "Did they give you names?"
"I didn't ask sir," the young man said, ashamed, "They said they were messengers."
"That old devil," Medo said with a smile, "If he sent them…"
"Who?" Ballfur asked.
"I think I can guess," Suvorov said, "Go ahead and bring them up."
Medoferro sat up in anticipation and smiled widely as Stacy and Miranda walked into the room.   Insegniferro was right in the reaction, as this was exactly what Medoferro needed after a couple of bad days.  He hopped up out of his chair and hugged them both tightly, lingering a few seconds on Miranda.
"I am glad to see you two," Medoferro said, "But how… why?"
"This," Stacy said, handing him two bound volumes, "Insegniferro figured that since you needed these he might as well send them with people who can give you moral support."
"I appreciate it," Medoferro smiled, "This is the nicest thing I've had happen to me since I left the bloody palace."
"How bad is it?" Miranda asked him, "Insegniferro said it wasn't good, but he wasn't quite up to date."
"He's got a fever and is having trouble thinking straight," Medoferro explained, "To make the public appearance earlier I had to feed him, much as I did Stacy during the fight the other day.   Unlike her though, he pulled enough power from me that he almost made me pass out."
"That's not good," Stacy said, "I talked to the old man about that the other day.  He said that you have to be careful doing that."
"I'm not doing it again, trust me," Medoferro said, "I'll take the spot and go solo, but I'll be damned if I'm putting him or me through that experience again."
"Has he got a medico with him?" Miranda asked him.
"Ari Coblein is with him," Medo told her, "There doesn't seem to be much he can do.  We're not even sure what is causing it."
"And it was sudden?" Miranda asked, "That's strange, especially with those symptoms."
"I'm trying not to think about that," Medoferro said honestly, "I don't have time to.  I have session tomorrow and a conference in a week.  If he doesn't recover in time, I will have to do it."
"Scary thought indeed," Ballfur chuckled, "Sorry."
"I'm in total agreement, actually," Medoferro sighed, "Though if that happens maybe Iggy will have to do it and not me."
"So," Stacy said, sitting down, "It was a long ride.  Do you have anything for a couple thirsty girls?"
"Certainly," Colonel Ballfur said, "Name your poison, ladies?"
"Something soft," Miranda said, "Anything hard will put me to sleep right now."
"That's what I'm looking for," Stacy grinned, "I'm a guard.  I can take the hard stuff."
"My type of lady," Ballfur chuckled and poured her a glass of scotch, "There you are."
"So what are your instructions?" Medoferro asked them, "Other than giving me the books?"
"I'm to supplement Suvorov on the guard end," Stacy told him, "She's just here to keep you company."
"I'm the moral support," Miranda agreed, "Here as long as you need me if you don't mind?"
"Mind?" Medoferro said, grinning from ear to ear, "I'm glad to hear that I don't lose you after tonight.  I'll be glad to have both of you around."
"I've gone through basic medico training," Miranda reminded him, "I can assist Medico Coblein if he needs me."
"Sounds like a plan," Medoferro nodded, "I just wish it wasn't so late."
"You need to get some reading done too," Stacy grinned, "I peeked in it.  It's dry as hell. You'll be asleep within an hour."
"I give him much less than that," Suvorov chuckled, "Nice to have you back, Stacy."
"You off the sauce, you big dummy?" Stacy asked him, "Or am I going to have to kick your ass?"
This elicited a chuckle from Colonel Ballfur because he didn't know Stacy.  Miranda and Medoferro smiled, mainly because they had seen Stacy fight before.  Suvorov actually gulped a little before answering.
"I've had very little," Suvorov said, "Mainly light doses to keep from getting the DT's."
"Keep it that way," Stacy smiled, "And all will be good."
"Yes ma'am!" Suvorov chuckled.
"Ok," Medoferro smiled, "Much as I like talking with you guys, I need to start reading this crap.   See you in the morning?"
"Absolutely," Miranda smiled, "Not like we will steal off into the night…"
"Not alone, at any rate," Stacy grinned, starting both girls on a giggling fit.
Medoferro smiled, feeling a lot better already.  He bid both of them goodnight and headed to his room, feeling much better about things to come.   At least he did until he walked by Massimaferro's room, where Ari Coblein and the local medico were conferring on his prognosis.
"Anything I should know?" Medoferro asked them as he walked up.
"Nothing new," Coblein said, sighing, "He's still sleeping."
"Let me know if there is any change," Medoferro instructed, "I'll be up reading."
"Yes sir," Coblein nodded, "I don't expect much tonight.  Do I have to wake him up tomorrow?"
"Hell no," Medoferro said, "Let him sleep.  That's the only way he will get better."
"Finally someone sees the light," Coblein said, sighing with relief, "Thanks."
"Just get him better," Medoferro said as he walked off, "I don't want to think about what happens if you don't."

Chapter 68 - Where The Hell Is Stack?

"Ok," LaPorte said, "This isn't funny.   Where the hell did Tony Stack go?"
"I haven't seen him for hours," the young man said, "Is there anything I can do, Colonel?"
"Yes," LaPorte nodded, "Find the little fucker.   I need to know more about what Facie has planned and I can't find his paperwork."
"I'll do the best I can," the young man said and walked out of the room.
Colonel LaPorte walked around and looked at the moon, which was full and clear over Cirrus that night.  He maneuvered the bulk of his oversized body back and forth over the balcony and looked at the dark landscape.   The only lights in the area were the ones in officer country, the enlisted men were forbidden lights after 9pm.
"All mine," LaPorte smiled, "Just a few more days…"
"Colonel LaPorte," a young aid said frightfully, "Insegniferro is on the line for you."
"Great," LaPorte grumbled, "Very well, I shall be there in a few minutes."
"This is the elder, sir," the young man said, "He said immediately."
"I am the Colonel," LaPorte said irritably, "Get out of my sight.  I'll get there when I'm ready!"
LaPorte smacked the young man, sending him flying against the wall.  The young man stood up and scurried out of the room.   LaPorte growled and cleaned off his hand from the blood and rolled his head around a little, cracking his neck.  He walked, or more accurately waddled, out to the control room.   He went inside and saw Tolando's blood stain still on the floor.
"Why hasn't this been cleaned up?" LaPorte barked, "I want this cleaned up tonight!"
"Yes Colonel!" a young man exclaimed, not wanting to be struck and scurried out of the room.
LaPorte sat his large frame in a metal chair and pushed the button to take the line feed into the room.
"Colonel LaPorte here," he said, trying not to sound bored, "How can I help you?"
"Where have you been, LaPorte?" Insegniferro's voice said, "I've been waiting here for ten minutes."
"I apologize sir," LaPorte said, "I was busy chastising an officer who was sleeping on the job."
"A lot of people are sleeping on the job down there, LaPorte," Insegniferro said gruffly, "It's been a bad week.  Kindly avoid making it worse than it is."
"Yes sir," LaPorte agreed, knowing he was about to make it much worse, "How can I help?"
"Have you found my man yet?" Insegniferro asked him, "He can't have gotten far."
"No sign of him sir," LaPorte lied, "Maybe he's on his way to Taliaferro Village?"
"He'd have gotten there by now," Insegniferro said, "There have to be some clues around there.   Personal representatives do not just disappear!"
"This one must have," LaPorte told him, "Are you calling me a liar?"
"Not yet," Insegniferro said, "But if you don't have any news by tomorrow I am sending my own team down there.   I've had enough with the mess that Cirrus is becoming."
"That is uncalled for," LaPorte said indignantly, "I have done my job dutifully and with all possible diligence."
"And a lot of bullshit," Insegniferro replied, "I've been reading the reports from the local commanders.   Much of it doesn't fit with what you've been telling me.  Care to explain that?"
"I've busted a few people for giving me bad reports," LaPorte lied, "Give me a listing and I'll do a report reconciliation."
"All in good time," Insegniferro told him, "I need Paulus back here.   We'll take care of that after the conference this week.  I'll talk to you tomorrow.   Do not make me wait again."
LaPorte was about to say something else when Insegniferro cut off the line.  The large Colonel slammed his way out of the room and stormed back to his own office.   He fumed a little and pondered sending Insegniferro his precious Paulus's head on a silver platter.
"Maybe later," LaPorte said to himself, "Maybe later."

Chapter 69 - Insomnia

Miranda couldn't sleep, despite the long ride she'd taken behind Stacy earlier that night.  She slipped on a thick set of pajamas and decided to take a walk.   She'd never seen Macmanite and figured that she wouldn't mind seeing at least a little of the scenery from the window.   The government house had been built on a tall hill overlooking the city.
She went out onto the balcony of the second floor and looked at the lights emanating from the city.  She was almost awed by the beauty of it when she heard some grumbling coming from one of the rooms behind her.  She went over and looked at the light emanating from it and knocked on the door quietly.
"Who is it?" Medoferro's voice came out.
"Miranda," she said, "Mind if I come in?"
"No problem," Medoferro told her, "It's unlocked."
Medoferro was sitting cross-legged on the bed trying in vain to read one of those large books.  He was finding them very difficult, as many of the cases were very old and written in Mullinix vernacular that hadn't been used in centuries.  It was something that even historical scholars would have had trouble reading, let alone a young man whose tastes prior to this had run to detective novels.
"I heard you grumbling," Miranda said, "Everything all right?"
"Yeah," Medoferro nodded, "Just fine."
Miranda sighed and looked at him.   She knew he was lying as his body language gave him away on that.  It was something that he didn't do well to his friends or people who knew him well.   He was tense and a great burden had been placed on his head.  She knew how close she came to being in his shoes and felt sorry he was going through all this.
"Bullshit, Medo," Miranda said, sitting down on the edge of his bed, "You're stressed beyond belief.  You're cursing at the books and shaking."
"I shouldn't have to be doing it like this," Medoferro said, almost angrily, "I'm supposed to be sitting at Massimaferro's side, watching him as he does it and learning from his experience.  I'm eighteen damn it. I'm too young for this."
"I was wondering how long it would take before you showed a crack," Miranda grinned, "You were putting on a good show earlier."
"Try reading page upon page of this archaic shit," Medoferro growled, "It's enough to toast anyone's mind."
"So stop reading it," Miranda suggested, "I'm betting a little bit of sleep would do you more good."
"Optimistic aren't you?" Medoferro asked her, "I haven't had a decent night's sleep since I heard that case."
"The murder case we read about yesterday?" Miranda asked him, "What about it?"
"I keep running over in my head what happened," Medoferro said, looking at Miranda, "I could have so easily missed it and sent that poor kid to his death."
"But you didn't," Miranda reminded him, "You saw the truth and did what you had to do to get it out."
"I'm just scared, Miranda," Medoferro told her, "I feel like I'm drowning here."
"It isn't that bad," Miranda told him, "I won't let you drown Medo.  That's why I came here."
"What did I do to deserve a friend like you?" Medoferro asked her, "And how do I keep doing it?"
"Just be yourself," Miranda smiled and kissed his cheek, "Come on, you've got a big day tomorrow with the sessions.  Forget about the books and get some sleep.  I'm betting a few hours of decent shuteye will do you more good."
"I'd offer to let you join me," Medoferro smiled wickedly, "But I'd probably be asleep before anything fun could happen."
"Maybe sometime," Miranda smiled, tucking the Mullinix-Apprentice into his bed, "If you convince me properly."
Medoferro smiled at her and curled up under the covers.   Miranda put out the light and watched as Medoferro was asleep within seconds of her doing that.   She smiled and looked at him as she walked out the door and took one last long look at Medoferro.
"Maybe soon," Miranda said to herself while heading back to her room.

Chapter 70 - A Morning Stroll

"Ok," Medoferro said, looking at the young people, "You mean to tell me that you two are quibbling over a mere six feet of dirt?"
"It is my land!" one of them said, passionately, "It's been in my family for over five hundred years!"
"Liar!" the other one said, "Your grandpappy moved in on it and it was ours!"
"How long have you two been neighbors?" Medoferro asked them, "Sounds like all your lives."
"Yeah," they said, almost in unison.
"So what brought this on?" Medoferro asked them, "Why now?"
"Too many of us," one of them said, "We need it settled."
"Very well," Medoferro said, "I see that the lines have been blurred for many years."  
"Yes sir," they both said.
"Then let's be sensible," Medoferro said, "3 feet won't matter to either side, neither will six.   Therefore I'm giving my judgment to split it down the middle.  A straight line down the disputed area.   There is no other fair way to do it since the records are so far muddled."
Both men grumbled, but knew better than to dispute a Mullinix decision.  Medoferro had been going through these sessions for nearly three hours straight and looked over to Colonel Ballfur, who approached with a nod.
"Want another one or a break?" Ballfur asked him, "You're doing well, by the way."
"Let's take an hour break for an early lunch," Medoferro told him quietly, "I want to check on Massimaferro.  We'll finish the rest of the cases after that."
"Right," Ballfur nodded and stood up straight, "We are calling an hour or so break for lunch.   Sessions will resume sometime around noon."
People walked out of the room and Medoferro walked back to the suite area of the house where they had been staying.  Medoferro and Ballfur were conferring on the morning's cases when they heard some voices bickering over towards Massimaferro's room.   Medoferro broke into a jog and ran to find Stacy and Miranda bickering with Ari Coblein.
"I left him alone with you for five minutes!" Coblein raved, "When I come back he's gone!"
"He was lying down asleep!" Miranda exclaimed, "I went across the hall to wet the cloths and came back to find him gone!"
"Whoa!" Medoferro said, "Who's gone?"
"Massimaferro is gone," Stacy said, "I just got back here.   He can't have been gone long."
"Find him," Medoferro said, "And quick!"
"He can't have gone far," Suvorov said, "Unless he was grabbed while he was sick."
"Nobody has been into the house," Stacy told him, "I just got back from reports.   I don't think any enemy we have is that quick, especially this far from the border."
"He was on the edge of delirium when he awoke a few hours ago," Coblein said, "It's very possible that he wandered off."
"Ok," Medoferro sighed and took charge, "I want everyone paired in twos.   Find him, if you can get him back here.  If you can't, one of you stay with him and the other come back for reinforcements.  Miranda, you come with me.   The rest of you pair off as you like."
"Either Stacy or I should go with you, Medo," Suvorov protested, being hushed by a look from Medoferro as the young Mullinix created a ball of light in his hands.
"I pity the son of a bitch who gets in my way right now," Medoferro told him, "Let's move!"
Miranda followed him, a little surprised at that display.  She had never seen him work his power like that before, though Stacy had told her about it.   They walked together and started their search on the outside of the house.  Luckily it was an overcast day and there were few people milling around.
"What was that?" Miranda asked him.
"The light?" Medo said, almost having forgotten it already, "A parlor trick, really.   Magnetic power concentrated in a manner that emits light.  Harmless unless I push power behind it."
"How the hell do you do that so easily?" Miranda wondered, "It looks second nature to you."
"The old man burned the methods in my brain," Medo shrugged, "It has almost become second nature to me."
"Does it help with anything else?" Miranda asked him with a smile and a wicked gleam.
"Don't know," Medo chuckled, "Never tried it."
"Think it would be any help?" Miranda wondered idly as they walked around, "I don't know exactly what you do with it."
"With Massy and Stacy I opened a channel, basically fed them power," Medoferro explained, "Sort of like digging a channel to make a stream a bit more robust."
"Sounds like it could be a powerful connection," Miranda said, "Is it dangerous?"
"With Stacy it wasn't," Medo told her, "She didn't need much, I mainly augmented her abilities.   With Massimaferro I spent more time regulating the flow than I did feeding him.  He damn near drained me."
"That's why you almost passed out, right?" Miranda asked him, "Ari told me about what happened yesterday afternoon?"
"You got it," Medo agreed, "Whatever is wrong with Massy is sucking the energy out of him."
"I don't know enough about what you can do to know whether that is a good or a bad sign," Miranda sighed.
"I don't think it is good," Medo told her, "That's why I'm refusing to do it again."
Miranda was about to ask a few more questions when they heard someone shouting.  They looked at each other and jogged towards the source.  They expected to find something, but what they found wasn't it.   Massimaferro was standing in front of a statue of a long passed on Mullinix, pacing around in his bathrobe and carrying on a conversation with it.
"You know," Massimaferro said to the statue, "For someone as good as you were, you don't have a lot to say.  I say we need to attack them now, what do you think?"
The statue didn't answer.   Medo and Miranda watched in silence for a little bit to see just how lucid Massimaferro really was.  The answer didn't turn out to be particularly encouraging.   They watched him from a crouching position behind a nearby bush.
"Come on!" Massimaferro exclaimed, still addressing the statue, "What do you mean we should wait?  They are advancing now!   We can see the ugly of their eyes!  We have to attack!"
More silence as the statue continued to ignore Massimaferro's ranting.  Medoferro and Miranda were still in shock as they watched this display.  They were content for the moment to let Massimaferro rave, as it was safer than trying to stop him.  They watched for a while before either of them could speak.
"What do we do?" Miranda asked Medo.
"You're the one who's going to be a Medico," Medoferro said, "I have no idea."
"I think we need to get the others," Miranda suggested, "This is out of my depth.  I know basic first aid, not mental health."
"He's delirious," Medo said, "That much is obvious."
"Maybe I should go get the others?" Miranda suggested again.
"Yeah," Medoferro nodded, "That might not be a bad idea."
Miranda stood up and was about to jog back towards the government house when Massimaferro saw her.  The Mullinix stood up and looked at her in a way that Medoferro knew would be trouble.
"There they are!" Massimaferro yelled, "Attack!  Attack!"
Massimaferro ran full out at Miranda, causing her to scream in surprise.   Medoferro did the only thing he knew he could do and created a power wall in front of Massimaferro, which he ran full steam into, knocking himself backwards afterwards.  Medo then moved the power wall and turned it into a holding position for Massimaferro.
"Get Suvorov and Coblein out here!" Medoferro said, "I'll hold him as long as I can!"
Miranda, still shocked, nodded a little then took off running towards the government house.   It only took her about three minutes to round up the people they needed and get them to the spot where Medoferro was restraining Massimaferro.  In the meantime Medoferro tried talking to the Mullinix.
"Let me up!" Massimaferro yelled, "I will fight until the death!   Death to them all!"
"Do you recognize me, Massimaferro?" Medoferro asked him, "Do you know where you are?"
"You're one of those no good slimy Mavelans!" Massimaferro growled, "Who else would do something like this.  They are all out to get me."
"Us, Massy," Medoferro reminded him, "I'm Medoferro.  The one you chose as an apprentice."
"Medoferro is dead," Massimaferro said, "You are lying."
"I'm not lying, Massy," Medoferro said and moved himself into view, "Look at me."
"Then why are you holding me down?" Massimaferro asked him, the glaze still apparent in his eyes.
"Because you attacked Miranda," Medoferro said, "She's not a Mavelan either."
"They are everywhere," Massimaferro said, "Everywhere…"
"He is completely delusional," Ari Coblein said as he walked up, "We need to get him inside."
"Got anything to sedate him?" Medo asked, "I can't walk him like this."
"I have some chloroform," Coblein nodded, pulling out a cloth and dosing it with a bottle from his bag, "I just hope it doesn't make things worse."
"Beats letting him go," Medoferro grumbled, "Hit him with it and let's get him inside before we attract a crowd."
Coblein nodded and approached the Mullinix with the chloroform covered cloth, shoving it into his face.   Massimaferro fought it as best he could, but Medoferro kept his arms restrained until the older man finally started relaxing a little bit.
"You…" Massimaferro said, looking at Coblein, "Why?"
He then promptly passed out as the effects of the powerful liquid overwhelmed him.   Medoferro released the force field and let himself drop down to the ground, exhausted again.  Miranda went over to him and sat down next to him, letting him use her shoulder to lean on for a minute.
"You ok, Medo?" Miranda asked him, "You look drained."
"After yesterday I didn't have much energy reserve," Medoferro said, "That just took a lot out of me."
"Anything we can do?" Stacy asked him.
"Food," Medo said, "I need sugar and solid food to get myself better."
"Let's go," Miranda said, "I'll help him get back.  Stacy, can you run ahead and get the cooks to whip something up?"
"Lunch is just about ready," Colonel Ballfur said, "I'll go in and postpone session until one, unless you'd prefer to cancel entirely?"
"I'll finish it," Medoferro said, "I need a line to Insegniferro, quickly.  If he's going to be like this, we're not going to be able to take him anywhere."
"Might as well finish session first," Ballfur suggested, "You're due for a line tonight anyway and Massimaferro is contained."
"We won't let him slip away again," Stacy promised, "We'll cover the windows and the door."
"Sounds like a plan," Medoferro admitted, "I do want one thing understood though.  Until further notice no one is to take Massimaferro's orders without confirmation from me.  This is pretty well proof that he's not in his right mind."
"Sounds reasonable," Ballfur agreed, "Let's just hope that order doesn't become necessary."
"As do I," Medoferro sighed, "Now for lunch…"

Chapter 71 - Preparations

"This is a beautiful area," Simon said as he looked around, "I can see why they agreed to it."
"This is where we always agree to," Roland said testily, "I still don’t know what the hell is going on with this."
"Still worried about the speed?" Simon asked him.
"Yes," Roland nodded, "I’m also worried that they haven’t heard from Paulus yet."
"Not to mention Massimaferro being sick," Simon said, "If they know about that then it might explain the speed."
"They’re hoping to get Insegniferro or Medoferro," Roland nodded, "I just hope it’s nothing worse than that."
"So what do we have to do today?" Simon asked him, changing the subject.
"We need to try to get everything lined up," Roland told him, "This area is technically under the Skolnik command, but Major Steele has been posted up here for a long time because of the increased traffic from the Siraqi land trade."
"So he’s pretty much the local equivalent of the colonel," Roland nodded, "A big fish in a small pond."
"Essentially," Roland agreed, "Steele has been through this before, so should be rather amenable."
"I bet he’s pushing to have this made a district of its own," Simon said, "Sounds like it is beginning to get ripe for it."
"Steele isn’t a political animal," Roland said, "He wouldn’t be in the running for this area if it was turned into a district of his own.  He is from Skolnik.  Too close."
"Steele…" Simon said thoughtfully, "I wonder if he’s related to Medo."
"What do you mean?" Roland asked him.
"Medo’s real name is Copeland Steele," Simon reminded him, "He’s also from Skolnik."
"I hadn’t thought about it," Roland said, shrugging, "It’s possible.  Shouldn’t matter.  Rules are looser when it comes to the lower ranks, allowing them to serve closer to home.   Still can’t serve directly in the town in which you were born."
"A good rule," Simon agreed, "Isn’t that the house?"
Roland nodded and they pulled their bicycles over to the side.   He motioned for the guards to stay back and went up to the door, knocking on it lightly.  It took a couple minutes for a middle aged man to come to the door and look out.  Major Travis Steele opened the door and looked closely at Roland and Simon.
"Long time no see, Roland," Steele said, stifling a yawn, "It’s that time again, huh?"
"Did you get the cable?" Roland asked him.
"Yeah," Steele nodded, "Come on in, let’s discuss what we have to discuss."
The house was one of the dirtier ones Simon had seen in some time.  Roland expressed a little bit of surprise at this as well, though Travis Steele remained oblivious of it.  Steele led them to the office, which was just about the cleanest room in the building.
"Cordelia left me a couple years ago," Travis explained, "I was always a horrid housekeeper."
"You’ve got about three days to learn," Roland told him, "The Siraqis pulled a surprise on us.  They’ll be here in a week.  Massimaferro and Medoferro will most likely be here after their trip to Polonion, maybe even sooner if Massimaferro doesn’t get better."
"He’s sick?" Steele asked.
"Nasty virus of some sort they think," Roland confirmed, "Medoferro has been handling sessions."
"Not to mention that mess you have going on down in Cirrus," Steele said, "What the hell is going on down there anyway?"
"That’s Paulus’s department right now," Roland told him, "Right now we’ve got enough to deal with up here."
"And not enough people to deal with it," Steele said, "That’s another reason the place looks like this.  I’m down ten people and nobody has been listening to me.  I’ve got six patrollers.  I’ve been walking a route because I’m so badly understaffed."
"Why didn’t you let us know?" Roland asked him.
"I have been!" Steele exclaimed, "I’ve been letting command know for months that we needed some replacements.   I’m about to grab some locals if nobody will listen to me."
"I’ll make sure that they bring replacements with them," Roland promised, "This is ridiculous."
"We still need to get the place ready," Simon said, "Think there are enough locals who can work it?"
"It’s the slow season," Steele said, "You can probably get a good number of locals."
"Are the cabins in reasonably good shape?" Roland asked Steele, "That’s going to be the important part."
"Peabody keeps them up fairly well," Steele said, "You’ll have to talk to him about usage though."
"You can do that, Simon," Roland told him, "I’ll get on the line and try to get some additional help sent up here."
"Anything you need me to do?" Steele asked him.
"Yeah," Roland said, "Get someone here to clean this place up."

Chapter 72 - Beaten Down Mullinix

"How bad is he?" Medoferro asked Ari Coblein, "I need information before I talk to Insegniferro in a few minutes."
"He's hallucinating still," Coblein said, "As for a cause, I'm still in the dark."
"Any ideas, Miranda?" Medoferro asked her, "You've been helping all afternoon."
"He needs specialists," Miranda said, "I've only gone through basic training, not to mention the years I spent assisting my sister."
"And if you consider doing what you did yesterday," Suvorov said, "I'll smack you myself."
"No worries there," Medoferro said, "I don't think it would work now anyway, even if I was suicidal enough to try it."
"I'm not sure what to do for him," Coblein said, "My suggestion is to go back to Mullinix Centre.  Let the medicos there look at him."
"Either there or Skolnik," Miranda nodded, "Skolnik has a full Medico Collegium too."
"What about Polonion?" Medo asked them, "It is closer."
"There are only four major Medico collegiums," Miranda said, "Mullinix Centre, Connoer, Mullinix Oasis and Skolnik.  Most other cities have only a clinic with general practitioners, unless there is a great need for a specialist of some sort in an area."
"That means it is either Skolnik or Mullinix Centre," Medoferro said, "Ok.  Let me go talk to Insegniferro about what it is best to do."
"The line is ready, Mullinix," the young operator told him, "Insegniferro is waiting for you."
Medoferro nodded and walked into the room, sitting down in the chair and moving his neck a little.   He and Insegniferro waited for the heavy door to close before they actually spoke.
"Is there any change Medo?" Iggy asked him, "I'm assuming you're still alone."
"Yeah," Medo told him, "There's been movement today.  None of it good."
"What happened?" Iggy asked.
"He's hallucinating," Medoferro told him, "Pretty bad.  I had to restrain him today when he attacked Miranda."
"What did he do?" Iggy asked him.
Medoferro spent a few minutes recounting the story, sending shivers down Insegniferro's spine.  This was not something that either of them had expected to begin happening.
"What is Coblein recommending?" Insegniferro asked him, "Or is he?"
"Coblein thinks we should come home," Medoferro told him, "Miranda says either there or Skolnik.   I'm not sure which one to listen to, as Coblein hasn't particularly impressed me yet."
"Either place has great Medicos," Iggy said, "Do you think it's that bad yet?"
"I can't take him to Polonion," Medo told him, "If we have to make an appearance there I'll have to do it alone.  It would be dangerous to him and to others.  If I hadn't been able to restrain him with a power wall, he could have hurt Miranda pretty badly."
"I have faith in you being able to do it," Iggy said, "But the press would eat it up and make it worse than it is."
"I don't think that's possible," Medo reminded him, "It's already pretty damned bad, Ig."
"If you come back here then we will have problems," Insegniferro said, "I'm betting the Siraqis got wind of him being sick somehow, that's why they agreed to do the conference so quickly."
"I'm open to suggestions," Medo said, "If I go to Skolnik directly, Spiketon will get pissed.   He's already been rather disagreeable about arrangements."
"I can smooth that over," Iggy promised, "But people would still talk."
"Where is the conference again?" Medo asked him, "It's in the border villages north of Skolnik, right?"
"Yes," Iggy said, "I told you that the other day."
"Iggy," Medoferro said, almost irately, "Everybody has told me a whole bunch of stuff this week in about a hundred different ways…"
"Ok, ok," Iggy said, conceding the point, "I get the picture.  What are you thinking?"
"Miranda knows that area," Medo said, "Her sister is supposedly a pretty good Medico, handling most of that area.  Good medicos have good facilities."
"Well," Iggy said, thinking about it, "It would cover the conference.   You could just claim that you decided to go early and prepare.  What about specialists though?"
"Skolnik is only twenty miles away," Medo said, "We're Mullinix.  I have a feeling we wield enough clout to get them to travel that far."
"I like it," Insegniferro nodded, "I just wonder what happens if he doesn't get better in time."
"Then either you make the trip for it or I do it," Medoferro said, "We'll cross that bridge in a few days."
"When are you going to depart?" Iggy asked him.
"Tonight if we can," Medoferro said, "I don't want to delay any further.   I'd also prefer to make it under cover of darkness in case we lose control of him again."
"Simon and Roland are already there," Iggy told him, "I'll let them know you are on your way."
"I'll do that," Medo said, "Miranda will probably want a message sent to her sister.  Is there anything new on Cirrus?"
"I had it out with LaPorte a bit last night," Iggy said, "We will have to deal with that mess soon.  I'm dead sure he's lying to me."
"Great," Medo said, "Just what we need.   Another mess."
"I'll worry about that one for now," Iggy told him, "There's not much we can do until we get past this conference."
"Right," Medo agreed, "No argument here.   I will go tell the others and start them preparing while the operator gets us a link up to Simon or Roland."
"You're doing well, Medo," Iggy told him, "Keep it up."
"Thanks," Medo said, a smile coming over him, "I hope that I can go back to being an apprentice soon."
"No offense," Iggy chuckled, "But I do too.  I'll talk to you tomorrow from the border villages."
"By the way," Medo said, before the connection was cut, "Thanks for sending Miranda and Stacy up here.   I needed that."
"I know," Iggy told him, "Take it easy, Medo.   Try to get some sleep tonight."
"Sleep," Medoferro chuckled, "That's a rich one.  I'll sleep when he gets better."
"Might want to try it," Iggy told him, "It could keep you sane."
"I'll try tonight," Medo said, "Miranda forced me to bed last night, but I didn't sleep well.  Reaction headaches are a bitch and I'm still recovering from yesterday's."
"Be careful with that," Iggy told him, "I don't need to have you downed from being stupid.   You should relax for the entire trip up there.  Kick back and shoot the breeze with Miranda.  She'll enjoy it almost as much as you will."
"I will," Medoferro agreed, "Take it easy.  Let Marina or Marianna give you a good back rub or something."
"I'll consider it," Insegniferro told him, "Talk to you tomorrow."
"Count on it," Medoferro agreed, cutting off the line afterwards.
He walked out and gave instructions to the operator to get either Simon or Roland up in the border villages.   The operator winced, as making a connection that far off the beaten track was a royal pain.  He went off to perform his duties, however, leaving Medoferro with the group that had been waiting for him.
"We're going on to the border village," Medoferro told them, "I'm guessing your sister has decent facilities, right Miranda?"
"Yep," Miranda nodded, "She has to.  She services everything between her and halfway to Hulkensuxor."
"He needs specialists," Coblein protested, "Not facilities."
"He'll get them," Medoferro told the Medico, "Skolnik is twenty miles away.  We'll get the specialists we need to come up there."
"I'm all for going home, Medo," Miranda said, "But why not just take him to Skolnik."
"Because we want to hide his illness as long as we can," Medoferro told him, "We still have that conference to think of.   Iggy and I still think they got wind of the illness, which is why they insisted on doing so quickly."
"Why on earth would they do that?" Miranda asked him, "That makes no sense."
"It makes perfect sense," Ballfur told them, "They want trade concessions and figure that if Massy is sick during the negotiations they'll get them."
"Exactly," Medo confirmed, "We're leaving tonight so we can get Massy help sooner rather than later."
"I take it we're skipping Polonion then?" Suvorov asked them.
"We will go ahead and use the conference as an excuse," Medoferro told him, "Give Spiketon our regrets and let him know we'll do a visit when we can."
"I have the connection," the operator said, "It's dodgy tonight though.  Best use it while I can hold it."
"Thanks," Medoferro said, "I will go talk to them.  Any messages I need to relay to your sister, Miranda?"
"Might want to have them tell her what you know," Miranda said, "And let her know I'm coming along."
"Will do," Medo nodded, "How long until sunset?"
"Ninety minutes," Ballfur said, "Planning on leaving tonight?"
"I want to go under the cover of darkness," Medo nodded, "That way if Massy starts raving it will be easier to cover up."
"We'll be ready," Stacy said and turned to Suvorov, "I'll go get the guards ready if you handle the convoy setup?"
"Deal" Suvorov nodded, "Let's go."
"That leaves us to get Massimaferro," Ari said, "Care to give me a hand, Miranda?"
"Sure," she nodded, "Do we get to ride in the Mullinix carriage?"
"Yes," Medoferro nodded, "You get to ride up with me if you like."
"Cool," Miranda smiled, "See you in a few."
Medoferro smiled and walked into the sound room, waiting for the sound to come in and see who he got.
"Who've I got here?" Medoferro asked into the microphone.
"Roland is chewing out some carpenters," Simon said, "So you're stuck with me you loony.  What's up, Medo?"
"It's been a long week, Simon," Medo told him, "How prepared are you guys?"
"We're getting it together," Simon said, "It will go faster when the people Roland requisitioned show up."
"We're about to throw a kink into your plans," Medo said, "We're coming early."
"Shit," Simon said, "We're not ready yet."
"Doesn't matter," Medo told him, "Massy is badly sick, guy."
"I heard you did session for him," Simon said, "How bad is he?"
"Getting worse and hallucinating," Medo told him, "I can't take him to Polonion.   The official story will be that he's a little under the weather and we will rest and prepare for the conference."
"The truth is somewhat worse I take it," Simon said, "What do you need from us?"
"Tell Miranda's sister we're coming," Medo told him, "She shouldn't be hard to find. She's the main Medico in town."
"Going to crash her place for Massy," Simon said, agreeing, "I'll find her and let her know.  So when are you coming?"
"Tonight," Medoferro told him, "I need to get Massy out of here and into better care.  I had to restrain him this afternoon when he tried to kill Miranda."
"Wait," Simon said, "Miranda is with you?"
"Iggy sent her and Stacy with some books for me last night," Medo explained, "Good thing too.   I need the people.   I'm pretty well alone in decision making right now."
"I'm sure having Miranda there is helping you," Simon chuckled, "I'll get things set here.  Any idea on when to expect you?"
"Before dawn," Medo said, "Other than that it is pure guessing.  They're getting ready to move.  We will make it a darkness trip to make sure that nobody sees Massy like this."
"Be careful," Simon warned him, "And be safe, buddy.   See you in a few hours."
"Right," Medo said, "You too."
The line cut and Medoferro went out to begin helping the best way he could.   He just didn't know if it would be enough.

Chapter 73 - Information

"They're on their way?" Roland exclaimed when Simon told him the news, "We're not near ready, you know that."
"I don't think Medo cares," Simon said, "He's more worried about getting Massimaferro some help."
"That boy has only been sick twice that I've known," Roland sighed, "Never thought we'd be worrying about him this young."
"Explains a bit doesn't it?" Simon said, "I think we now know why the Siraqis were so agreeable."
"I'd still like to know how they found out about it before we did," Roland said, "They've got to have one hell of a courier system."
"I don't know," Simon shrugged, "But we've got little time."
"I'll get a place ready," Roland nodded, "How did Medo sound?"
"Tired, but stable," Simon said, "He's Medo, I mean it's going to take more than just a little work to push him over the edge."
"We'll find out soon enough," Roland nodded, "I'll get the sleeping quarters ready for them.  Go ahead and find Miranda's sister.   We'll want her nearby when they get here so she can help diagnose Massimaferro."
"You got it," Simon nodded, "Know where she is?"
"The Medico house is down at the bottom of the hill," Roland told him, "Unless she's off somewhere taking care of someone she's probably there."
"Right," Simon nodded, "Be back in a few."
Simon jogged down the dirt road on the hill and found the Medico sign on the house.  He knocked and waited, hearing some movement and a light turning on.  A woman in her mid thirties answered quickly, opening the door and looking out at Simon.  Simon immediately knew that this was Miranda's sister, the resemblance was too close for it not to be.
"Yes?" Toria Studebaker asked, "How can I help you?"
"I'm Simon Sutcliffe," he told her, offering a hand, "I'm a Mullinix Representative for Medoferro."
"I'd heard you were in town," Toria told him, nodding, "How can I help you?"
"Just need to talk to you a few minutes," Simon told her, "May I come in?"
"Come on in," Toria nodded, smiling for the first time, "Would you like some tea, Mr. Sutcliffe?"
"Yep," Simon nodded, "Thanks.  Name is Simon though.  I'm not old enough to be Mister yet."
"You're a lot like my sister said in her letters," Toria told him, "So what is going on?"
"Your sister asked me to let you know that she would be in town tonight," Simon said, "She's with Medoferro and the Mullinix convoy.   They're coming in to town tonight."
"What's she doing with the convoy?" Toria asked him, "Last I heard she was finishing up her training in Mullinix Centre."
"I don't know all the details yet," Simon told her, "But from what Medo told me a little while ago Insegniferro sent her and another friend of ours, Stacy Cossy, with some papers for Medoferro.  I personally think she was sent mainly for moral support."
"Why for?" Toria asked, intrigued, "Why would Medoferro need…"
She thought about it and remembered that she'd read in the newspaper that Medoferro had taken his first cases and that it had broken quite a few precedents.  It had been centuries since an apprentice had taken murder cases in their first year, and longer than that since one had done it alone.
"Massimaferro is sick, isn't he?" Toria asked him, "That's why the extraordinary measures?"
"You got it, Toria," Simon nodded, "Miranda is helping aid the Medico on the scene.  We're going to need your help to spell Coblein when they get here."
"You'll also need facilities too," Toria nodded, "I hope they were planning on bringing him here?"
"That's one of the reasons I'm here," Simon agreed, "Medo was getting ready to leave when I talked to him about a half hour ago.  They'll be here sometime after midnight most likely."
"Just bring them here and I'll be ready," Toria promised, "I assume you'll be back then as well?"
"Probably," Simon grinned, "I'm like a bad penny.  I always show up."
"I'll remember that," Toria chuckled, "See you in a bit, Simon."
"Only if I don't see you first," Simon jested and headed back outside.
Toria laughed quietly and then went to get her supplies together and do some last minute cleaning up.  It wasn't every day that you got a Mullinix into your place, especially one who actually needed you.  

Chapter 74 - A Bit of Traveling

"You still awake, Medo?" Miranda asked him as they rode on the steam barge.
"Yeah," Medoferro nodded, opening his eyes a little, "Was just relaxing a bit to try to get that blasted headache to go away."
"Still bad?" Miranda asked him, "Where does it hurt?"
"It's a strange sensation," Medo told her, "Feels like someone is moving a large spike through my temples."
"Throbbing pain?" Miranda asked him.
"Yeah," Medo nodded, "Any ideas?"
"A couple," Miranda told him, "Sit on the floor and let me take the seat and we'll try it."
Medoferro looked at her, wondering what she was thinking.  He smiled a little, despite his pain and slid onto the padded floor of the steam barge.  It was a clear night so they were riding in the back area, leaving most of the guards and the Medico in the covered front end.  Miranda sat where he was and pulled at his shoulder.
"Lean back against me," Miranda told him, "Close your eyes."
Medoferro smiled a bit more, leaning back against the bottom of the seat.  Miranda closed her legs around him a little, holding him in place as she put her hands on his head.   He tensed a little, as he was still a bit shy, but she soothed him with a few words.
"Relax, Medo," Miranda told him quietly, "You need to rest for this to work."
Medoferro decided that he trusted her and leaned back into her hands.   She let her slender fingers crawl over the sides of his head and started rubbing, pushing on the pressure points and trying to relieve some of the tension.  She was sure that a portion of his problem was reaction headache, but that even more of it was stress.
"You're tense, Medo," Miranda told him, "Relax and let some of that tension out.  It's not doing you any good."
Medo nodded and let her do her work.  Miranda continued working her fingers, going around his head and working down his shoulders.   Miranda smiled a little as she felt the tension going out of his muscles.  He was beginning to resemble a human being again, something he'd been having a bit of trouble with for a while.
"You've been letting it get to you, Medo," Miranda sighed, "Is there anything more that I can do to help?"
"You can keep doing that for the rest of my life," Medoferro chuckled, "How's that?"
"I wouldn't mind," Miranda said, "Alas, your position doesn't leave much room for that."
"I know," Medo sighed, "But it seems that I'm good at it, that's the kicker.   Who would have thought it?"
"I did," Miranda said, "Even before it happened."
"Why's that?" Medo asked her.
"You have that way about you," Miranda told him, "A quiet leadership, but there's a power underneath."
"Yeah," Medo chuckled, "A lot of it, it seems."
"Not that," Miranda told him, still rubbing his shoulders, "You just have that bit of Charisma that inspires loyalty.  You're just too shy to put it to good use sometimes."
"I don't like having to do it," Medoferro sighed, "I wonder if my life would have been better if you'd been chosen."
"Probably not," Miranda told him, "You'd probably be sitting here doing this for me."
"In that case," Medoferro said, looking up and smiling, "I think I'll take things as they are for now."
"I'm sure," Miranda chuckled, "I didn't expect you to object to this."
"I've got a question," Medo asked her.
"I might have an answer for you," Miranda said, "What is it?"
"Why are you here?" Medoferro asked her, "I understand why Stacy is.  She has to be.   Why did you agree to schlep over half the countryside just to bring me a book that I wasn't even able to make it halfway through?"
Miranda thought about that for a minute or two before answering.  It was a question that she'd asked herself a few times in the twenty-four hours since her journey began.  The truth of the matter is that she felt something when she was around Medoferro, and it was something that she just didn't want to give up just yet.
"I'm here because I want to be," Miranda said finally, "I know it won't lead anywhere permanently, but I like you.  If I can help a little, then it's worth it."
"Ok," Medoferro nodded, smiling a little at that answer.
"Besides," Miranda grinned, "I gotta pay back somehow for you making that brilliantly stupid comment that got me out of danger of being chosen."
"I still don't know why I said that," Medoferro chuckled, "I thought it would get me out of consideration permanently."
"I guess that's what they were looking for," Miranda told him, "Right?"
"I think so," Medoferro told her, "But even with the problems, I don't think I'd do it over again."
"You're good at it, Medo," Miranda told him and tousled his hair softly, "Don't let anyone tell you different."
"Has anyone ever told you that you were good with your hands?" Medoferro asked her, changing the subject.
"I've heard it once or twice before," Miranda smiled, "But it's been a while."
"I'll be glad to repeat it if you like," Medoferro told her, "Just let me know when you've been doing it too long."
"I think I need to stop," Miranda told him, "Unless you need more?"
"Nah," Medoferro told her, "Come on down and sit with me.   It's a beautiful night.   Care to watch the stars with me?"
"I'd like that," Miranda told him and slid down on the padded floor with him, "What do you see?"
"Hope," Medoferro told her, putting an arm around her shoulder so there would be enough room, "A feeling that I'm doing more than just treading water here."
"Mmm," Miranda nodded, leaning against him and enjoying it, "I think you're doing just fine."
They sat there together like that for the rest of the trip, saying little but just enjoying the scenery and the quiet relaxation.  Neither one knew where things were leading but were content to enjoy the trip together.  Sometimes when you're in the middle of a storm you have to enjoy the quiet moments all the more.   Especially when moments look like all you will have.

Chapter 75 - Iggy’s Plight

Insegniferro paced around his room feeling pretty helpless to do anything about all the problems that were popping up all around him.   He was usually a fairly calm person, but with Massimaferro sick and everyone removed from him he felt pretty damned alone, enough to cause a bit of anger.
Marianna and Marina looked into the room and then at each other.   They knew their Mullinix was having some problems but didn't know what to do.  They were usually good at calming people down, it was the main reason for the house staff's existence, but Insegniferro had been nearly impossible to console lately.
"What do we do?" Marina asked her, "He's brooding again."
"I don't know," Marianna admitted, "I've never seen him like this."
"Maybe he just needs to talk a bit," Marina suggested and smiled brightly, "Or even get another direction for that tension."
"Good luck in getting him to do that," Marianna chuckled, "He hasn't been with anyone since Molly, back when you were in diapers."
"Maybe it is time he did," Marina suggested, "We're here for a reason, you know."
"I thought you were all hot on Medo," Marianna grinned, "What happened?"
"I guess we've cooled down some," Marina sighed, "Ever since that power awoke he's been changing a bit when I'm around."
"He's growing up," Marianna told her, "He's had to do a lot of it and quick.  There's also the fact that some of what he can do with that power lets him see when people are pushing emotion…"
"Something I probably don't push much of," Marina nodded, "I'm not upset.  It's not my fault I am what I am."
"He still cares for you, you know," Marianna reminded her, "He's just growing to the point that he doesn't need you as badly."
"That's all I ask for," Marina said, "I don't ask for the love.   I don't see as I'm capable of giving it, at least not in the way a man like him needs."
"After what you went through," Marianna nodded, "Probably not.  Doesn't stop people from trying though."
"I guess I'm strange that way," Marina shrugged, "I feel better with just a bit of a shag rather than prolonging it.   Medo is the only man I've actually cared to stay curled up with, but that was more cause he needed it than me."
"I know the feeling," Marianna smiled, "Part of why we were chosen for this is because we feel that way."
"That still leaves, Iggy," Marina said, "Should we at least make the attempt?"
"Can't hurt," Marianna agreed, "Let's go."
Insegniferro was still pacing around the room when Marianna and Marina walked in.  He looked at them for a moment and began pacing again.   They looked at each other and sighed.
"You're wearing a hole in the carpet, Iggy," Marianna told him, "That's not going to help."
"Have you heard anything else?" Marina asked him, "From down south or up north?"
"Medo and Massy are on their way to the border," Iggy told them, "Nothing down south.   I'm trying to figure out what to do about that cluster fuck."
"I doubt there's anything you can do tonight," Marianna said gently, "Getting all worked up over it won't help."
"I should be with Massy," Iggy said, "Instead I'm stuck here."
Marianna went over and sat on the dais over by the wall of the room and looked at Insegniferro.   She sighed and let Marina make the first approach, knowing that she would be better at it.  She usually was.
"What could you do if you were there?" Marina asked him reasonably, "It sounds like all Medo and the rest of them are doing is waiting it out much like you are.  Unless you've been gifted with some healing skills that we weren't aware of, you'd be doing the same."
"If you can though," Marianna said, giggling a bit, "I have this pain right down on my back…"
"Funny," Iggy said sourly, "I don't see the humor in any of this."
"Humor is where you make it, Iggy," Marina reminded him, "That's what we're here for, remember?   If we let you take yourself too seriously then you'll burn out on us.   You're right on the edge of doing that as it is."
"I'm not that bad," Iggy protested, moving to the edge of his bed and actually sitting down, "I've got a lot on my plate."
"And nothing you can do about it this late," Marina said, sitting down next to him, "We can help you take your mind off it, you know."
"You know I don't play those games anymore," Iggy told her, "I'm old enough to be your father."
"Not mine," Marianna said, moving over and sitting next to him, "And she's old enough to know better, so that's old enough."
"I appreciate it," Iggy said, "But…"
"You think it would be a betrayal to Molly," Marianna said, "Right?"
"Uh…" Iggy said, knowing he was being cornered.
"I never met her," Marina said, "And I know you cared for her, but would she have wanted you to be like this?"
"I'm fine," Iggy said, though his expression said differently.
"I knew Molly," Marianna said, "She would be throwing a fit if she saw you like this."
"It just wouldn't be the same," Iggy said, "It wouldn't be fair…"
"Fair to who?" Marianna asked him, "To her?  She's gone, Iggy.  I knew her. She'd want you to continue to live.   To me?  To Marina?   This is what we like doing.  This is who we are, Iggy."
"It may not be the same," Marina told him, "But your logic in this is flawed."
"How so?" Iggy asked her, wondering what she'd come up with.
"You've been a virtual hermit at night since I've been here," Marina said, "Denying yourself the warmth of one of us, just because the major fire in your life has passed.  It doesn't make sense.  We can't take her place, but if we can give just a little comfort, then why not?"
Marianna wanted to kiss the younger girl for that one.  It was the argument that Marianna had been trying to think of for a long time, but had never managed to get out.  Insegniferro was speechless for a few moments after that as he was not quite sure how to respond to it.
"It's been so long," Iggy said, "But with Massy like he is…"
"If he heard you say that he'd smack you," Marianna told him, "You know that better than we do.  He's not here.  You are and so are we."
"You've got a choice," Marina said with a wicked smile, "You can either stay here, brood and piss us off or we can all spend a wonderful night together forgetting about all that stuff on the outside."
"And if you push us off again," Marianna said, emphasizing the point, "We will be insulted.   We even prettied up for you." 
Insegniferro smiled and looked at them, feeling a few stirrings of something he hadn't allowed himself to feel for a long time.   It was at that point that both of the women knew that they had won.  Marianna slid behind Insegniferro and started rubbing his back, while Marina went over and kissed him lightly, letting him get the feel of it.
"You two are something else," Iggy told them, "You know that?"
"Now let us prove it to you," Marina said, "Shall we retire?"
"I think we should," Marianna said, "You two go on; I'll get the lights."
It's safe to say that after those lights went out, much of the tension that had been hanging in the room over the previous hours was long forgotten.

Chapter 76 - Toria

The land barge pulled into the border town shortly before one in the morning, pulling to a stop in front of the government house that Major Steele called home.   Simon, having been unable to sleep, was sitting on a chair outside watching for them.   Rav Suvorov stood up and smiled at seeing him.
"Welcome to the border," Simon told him, "Where is everyone?"
"Medo and Miranda were asleep a bit ago," Suvorov told him, "Come on up."
Simon jumped on to the barge, chuckling at the sheer size of it.  Suvorov walked over to where Medo and Miranda had fallen asleep looking at the stars.   Simon chuckled when he saw them, but was not particularly thrilled to see how much older Medoferro looked after scarcely a week apart.
"Has it been that bad this week, Rav?" Simon asked him, "He looks like hell."
"He looks better now than he did earlier today," Suvorov shrugged, "I think she's helping."
"She usually does with him," Simon said, "Should we wake them?"
"Probably," Rav nodded, "We need to get Massimaferro taken care of, and we'll need Medo nearby incase he goes out of control again."
"Again?" Simon said, "Jeeze."
"Simon?" Medo said, waking up a little, "I guess we made it, eh?"
"Welcome to the border, buddy," Simon chuckled and offered a hand, "You look like hell."
"It's been a bad week," Medoferro mumbled and nudged Miranda before taking the hand, "We're here, Miranda."
Miranda woke up with a frown and looked up as Simon helped Medoferro stand up.  She hoisted herself up and looked around, the frown turning around a little as she recognized the familiar landscape.
"How goes it, Miranda?" Simon asked her, "You're looking better than our friend here."
"Keep up with the flattery," Miranda smiled, "You do it well."
"Is her sister ready?" Medo asked Simon, "We need to get Massy to a stable location."
"Toria said she was preparing," Simon said, "I haven't checked on her though."
"She'll be ready," Miranda said, "Toria usually is."
"How hard is he to move?" Simon asked them.
"Not too bad if he's sedated," Suvorov said, "Last time he wasn't though he attacked Miranda."
"He was delusional," Miranda said, "I don't hold it against him."
"Let's go wake Coblein," Medo said, "Miranda?  Can you go let your sister know we're here?"
"Be careful, Medo," Miranda said, "Let the guards restrain him if needed.  You're too frazzled."
"You had to use power to restrain him?" Simon asked Medo.
"Yeah," Medo nodded, "Too strong otherwise."
"I can do it if need be," Simon told Miranda, "And I doubt I've used it near as much as Medo has."
"Good," Miranda said, "See you guys in a few minutes."
Miranda jogged down the hill, leaving the logistics to the men on the land barge.  She knew this hill well and smiled as she saw her sister's house.  She went over and knocked on the door in her usual fashion, and then let herself in.  Toria was in her comfortable chair napping when Miranda came in, and she cracked a smile and stood up when she noticed Miranda's presence.
"Welcome home, kid," Toria said with a smile, pulling herself up, "Sounds like you've had an interesting week."
"It isn't over yet," Miranda told her sister, "How's it been around here?"
"About the same," Toria chuckled, "Nothing ever changes here, you know that."
Miranda grinned and went over to hug her sister.  She and Toria embraced and Miranda felt at home again.   Miranda looked around saw that little had changed.   The front patient rooms were as clean as ever, ready to take a patient at moment's notice.  It was something Miranda was used to seeing, as she'd worked in this building during her free time since she was old enough to walk.
"You've seen him," Toria said, "What do you think?"
"I don't know," Miranda said, "It isn't good.  His mind has slipped into total dementia."
"Are they expecting me to cure him?" Toria asked her, "If they are…"
"They don't know what to expect to be honest," Miranda told her sister, "Medo is doing more than anyone should expect from him this soon and he's wearing himself to the bone.   Massimaferro is a shell and Insegniferro is stuck in Mullinix Centre dealing with the mess down in Cirrus."
"And you're sounding like a politician," Toria chided her sister, "How did you get roped into this anyway?"
"Long story sis," Miranda grinned, "I'll tell you the whole of it later, but for now let's suffice it to say that I'm here."
"It takes the cake," Toria told her, "But at least it is for a good purpose.   They on their way down?"
"They were getting Massimaferro out of the barge," Miranda nodded, "Putting him in the private room, right?"
"The secure one," Toria said, "Just in case we have to lock him down."
"That works," Miranda said, "How are mom and dad doing?"
"Reveling in their new found freedom," Toria chuckled, "They're hoping you'll decide to just room with me and be done with it."
"Sounds like a plan," Miranda said, "I'm tops in the class and Insegniferro has instructed them to pass me without the finals and accept me.   Payback for doing this for him."
"Must be nice," Toria chuckled, "A little Mullinix notice never hurt anyone."
The sisters were about to continue catching up when everyone else showed up.  Rav Suvorov and another one of the larger guards were carrying Massimaferro in.  Ari Coblein was following closely, watching his charge attentively.   Medoferro walked behind them, keeping his eye on Massimaferro.
"You must be Toria," Medoferro said, approaching, "I'm Medoferro.   Sleeping Beauty there is Massimaferro.   I hate to be blunt, but where can we drop him?"
"This way," Toria chuckled, "Let's get him in bed and we'll work on the introductions after that."
They brought him to the secure room, one that was designed in the house for cases where the patient needed to be restrained and kept from leaving.  It hadn't been used for a long while for this purpose.   Toria and Miranda restrained the Mullinix down, to make sure that he couldn't hurt anyone.
"Ok," Toria said, "What is he on?"
"I put him out with Chloroform," Coblein told her, "No choice really.  I couldn't keep him still enough to administer an injection."
"What are the symptoms?" Toria asked Coblein, "And when did it start?"
After about ten minutes of explanations and record sharing Toria was nearly as stumped as everyone else was.   They looked at the sleeping Mullinix and tried to debate what was going on.
"I think we need to talk this over with some tea," Toria said, "Come on into the living room."
"Someone needs to stay with him," Coblein said, "Do you have an assistant?"
"The guards will do," Toria said, "We'll be twenty-five feet away if they need us."
"I'll stay with him," Coblein said, "That's my job."
"You can't do anything right now," Medoferro said, "My suspicion is that you'll do more good giving Toria information about what's going on with him."
"I see why they made you a Mullinix," Toria said, "You've got a good head on you."
"Do you want me to go get Roland and Major Steele?" Simon asked Medo, "They should probably be in on this as well."
"Major Steele?" Medoferro said and then groaned, "Travis Steele?"
"He's been the local adjutant of the Skolnik command," Toria nodded, "Know him?"
"You are related to him, aren't you?" Simon said, "I knew it when I heard the last name."
"I missed something," Toria said, "You're related to Travis?"
"He's my uncle," Medoferro told her, "My name before I was drafted into this insanity was Copeland Steele."
"Ok," Toria nodded, "But why the groan?"
"Because he and I get along like fire and water," Medoferro said, "Dates back to problems he had with my dad.  Having him here is going to make things, um…fun?"
"At least you outrank him," Simon said, "We've been having to push him.  The government house is a wreck too."
"Without his wife there I'm not surprised," Toria noted, "Cordelia took up with a musician and left town two years ago."
"I'm amazed she put up with him as long as she did," Medo said sourly, "Roland up there too?"
"Yeah," Simon nodded, "He's sleeping."
"Let him sleep for a while," Medo said, "Nothing we need him for yet."
"Speaking of sleep," Toria said to Medoferro as they walked into the kitchen, "When's the last time you got any?"
"I slept for three hours on the way up here," Medoferro said, "And your sister forced me to go to sleep last night."
"Good for you," Toria told her sister, "Because you look like hell, young man."
"I swear," Medo said, letting his annoyance out, "The next person who tells me I look like hell is going to get a fireball up their ass… I know I look ragged.   Nothing I can do about it."
"Fireball?" Toria said, looking at Medo, "You a power user?"
"Yeah," Medoferro nodded, "And if you could keep that to yourself I'd be appreciative."
"That's how he kept Massimaferro from attacking me this afternoon," Miranda said, "He put up a force field."
"No problem here," Toria said, "I see power users fairly regularly.  The guy up in Hulkensuxor refuses to treat problems arising from it, so they always migrate down here."
"How often do you see it?" Medoferro wondered, "I'd never even heard of it until the old man showed me how to tap the potential."
"It's not common," Toria said, "Most of them can only use it to read people a little or to start little fires.   You can actually restrain someone with it?"
"Or augment their abilities," Stacy said, "Like he did a few days ago with me when we were attacked."
"Did you do that to Massimaferro?" Toria asked Medo, "During some of those publicized appearances?"
"Yes," Medo nodded, "During session when he was there and during that speech a day or so ago.   That last one damn near knocked me out."
"You had to have had a mind force," Toria said, "You don't learn that type of control on your own in a matter of months."
"The old man wore us out," Simon told her, "Then did something to push it in to our minds."
"You too?" Toria said, "I'd only heard of it, didn't know of anyone who could do it."
"The old man has been around a while," Medo said, "Taliaferro evidently had the ability too."
"That explains why you look like hell," Toria said, "Miranda, can you fix the tea while I look at your friend here?"
"Sure," Miranda nodded, "I'd forgotten that you knew that sort of thing."
"It's not too common," Toria said, "Sit down in the chair here, Medo."
"What about Massimaferro?" Coblein asked, "Shouldn't we be working on him?"
"He's lasted this long," Toria told Coblein, starting to feel a dislike for the other medico, "I can help Medoferro quickly, most likely."
"I'm all for that," Medoferro said, "How can you help?"
"What did that old man teach you about reaction sickness?" Toria asked him, "Anything at all?"
"Basically told me not to overdo it," Medoferro said, "Advice I haven't been following very well; I'm sorry to say."
"Let me guess," Toria sighed, putting her hand on his head, "Flashing pains right in here.  Right?"
"Sounds about right," Medo said, "You've treated this before?"
"Last time was a boy who had the ability that used it uncontrolled on a bear," Toria said, "Poor child nearly went into a reaction coma."
"You mean there's a way to treat that headache?" Simon asked, "I'm all for that… I still have a bit of headache from the last time."
"Give me a minute," Toria said, "I've got something for it."
Toria pulled some things out of the cabinet and made a concoction that didn't look in the least appetizing.   Even Ari Coblein was holding his nose up at it as she made it.  It smelled worse than anything any of them were used to, even Miranda who had grown up with Toria's potion making.
"What is that, sis?" Miranda asked as she served tea, "That smells terrible."
"Manipulating the power fields burns up some minerals in the body," Toria told them, "That's what causes reaction headaches.   This brew smells terrible, but it forces the ones you're missing back into your body."
"If this works…" Medo said, "Well…"
"If this works you get some sleep," Miranda said, "You could use it."
"I think all of you could use some," Toria said, "I'm going to do some reading and further checking out of Mullinix Massimaferro.  We won't be able to get a specialist out here until tomorrow anyway, so I might as well take a crack at it."
"You won't find anything," Coblein said, "I've run every check I can think of."
"How long have you been a Medico, Ari?" Toria asked him, still feeling a dislike for him.
"Eleven years," Coblein said, "A bit longer than you, I'm sure."
"You're wrong," Toria said, "I've been a Medico officially since I was twenty, nearly twelve years now.   I was unofficially one here for a good five years before that.  You name it; I've seen it.  I think I can make a diagnosis on my own."
"And she's your sister?" Simon asked Miranda.
"I was a late life surprise," Miranda chuckled, "Toria was well on her way to becoming a medico when I was born."
"I should be there," Coblein said, "I am the Medico on record."
"You've been working too much," Suvorov said, "Let Toria take the night shift."
"I…" Coblein said.
"I think we all need a break," Medo said, "Toria can take the shift with him tonight.   I'm going to try her potion and get some sleep.   Simon, is Travis's house even habitable?"
"It took Roland and I an hour to clean out one room," Simon said.
"You're welcome to one of the beds here," Toria said, "Once you drink this stuff you'll probably want to get some sleep anyway."
"Are mom and dad expecting me soon?" Miranda asked her sister.
"They are up in Hulkensuxor," Toria said, "Enjoying their newfound freedom.  They don't even know you're back."
"Probably best for now," Miranda said, "I'll stay here too."
"We'll make this our base for now," Medo said, "It's late and we could all use some sleep."
"I object," Coblein said, "He is my patient and should be…"
"Should be what?" Medoferro asked, "In a real hospital?  I think this more than qualifies.   Now do you wish to be further insulting to our host?"
"I think I shall retire to my room if you feel there is no further need of me," Coblein said, "Which way is that, madam?"
"You can have the enclosed one on the right," Toria said, "It should do for you."
"Thank you," Coblein said and departed.
"What the hell?" Stacy said, "What is up with him?"
"I don't know," Toria said, "It's late though.  If someone will stay awake for the guard duty."
"I slept most of the way here," Stacy said, "Since Rav has been up since dawn or earlier, let him get some sleep."
"I'm all for that," Suvorov said, stifling a yawn, "Just give me one of those hospital beds outside the room in case you need me."
"Take what you like," Toria said, "See you all in the morning."
"Good luck," Medo said, "Should I lie down before drinking this?"
"Might not be a bad idea," Toria told him, "I have a feeling you'll be out like a light."
Medoferro nodded and took a seat on a bed in the other room, drinking down the foul smelling liquid.  Miranda watched as he managed to choke it down and then fell asleep almost where he sat. Stacy picked up the flask and Suvorov lifted Medo's feet up on the bed.
"Is it supposed to work that fast?" Miranda asked her sister.
"It is when you mix in some sleep aid," Toria smiled, "He'll sleep a good ten or twelve hours at least.  Looks like he needed it."
"You're sneaky," Simon chuckled, "I like that."
"Ok," Suvorov said, "I'm going to hit the sack too."
"Go ahead guys," Toria said, "I napped a little bit ago, so I will go check on Massimaferro."
"Night sis," Miranda told her, "I'm going to hit the hay for a while too.   Sleeping on the barge doesn't exactly equal rest."
"Come see me in the morning," Toria told her, "I'm probably going to want your help."
"You got it," Miranda said, leaving on her own.
"Need me for anything?" Stacy asked Toria.
"Stay close by," Toria said, "This is going to be a long night and I want someone here if he wakes up."
"You got it," Stacy said, "I've got a book.  I'll sit in the room with you and let you work."
"Works for me," Toria nodded and turned to the others, "Grab any bed you like guys.  I'll see you in the morning."

Chapter 77 - A Traitor’s Repentance

Anthony Stack walked out of the bar and looked up at the dark sky.  He was still a little bit inebriated from the strong drinks he'd been taking in over the preceding few days, but he was sober enough to make it over to a communal water fountain and wash off his face.
He looked at himself in the mirror and tried to justify what he'd done over the past months and years and was having a hard time doing it.  He'd been so sure about his cause when he joined forces with Ellis LaPorte back in school.  It had been an abstract idea before, and all he'd seen was the profit motive.  The power change was something he'd not seen until recently.
"What do we do now, Tony?" he asked himself quietly, "Where do we go from here?"
Stack walked around the base a little and then went over to the jail area.  He had managed to hold on to his pass papers, a set directly from LaPorte that pretty well gave him access to the entire base.  He showed his papers to the guard at the front, who let him in immediately.
Being in the dead of the night the jail was almost deserted.  Rights were something almost unheard of in Ellis LaPorte's palace of prisoners so there was very little problem from the inmates.  Stack walked over to the guard who was running the front desk.
"Major Stack," the younger man said, "Welcome back.  What brings you here this time of night?"
"There's certainly enough work to go around," Stack told him, "I need to talk to Colonel LaPorte's special prisoner."
"No one is supposed to go down there sir," the guard said, "But your paperwork is in order sir…"
"Then let me go talk to him," Stack said, "I'm running short on time for this and need to see him immediately."
"He's in the basement sir," the guard said, "This key will get you down there."
"Thank you," Stack said, taking the key, "If anyone comes looking for me I wasn't here.  Got it?"
"Yes sir!" the guard said.
Anthony Stack nodded and walked to the door.  He unlocked the door and went down the stairs.  He remembered this area fairly well from when he was in the area and running some of the missions for LaPorte.  He found what he was looking for fairly quickly.
"Coming to gloat some more, LaPorte?" Paulus Tally said as he sat on the bench, "Could you at least send some food in so I have a reason to listen to you?"
"I don't have any with me," Stack said as he pulled up a chair, "Sorry to disappoint you, Paulus."
"Tony Stack," Paulus said, sitting up and looking at the man across the bars, "I should have known that you were involved in this."
"Why's that?" Stack said, wondering.
"No way could anyone that self centered could have done this alone," Paulus shrugged, "You had to be altering records and shirking your duty to the Mullinix for his grandiose plans to have gotten this far."
"We all make mistakes," Stack said, "Looks like you made yours."
"I'm still alive," Paulus said, "Massimaferro has got to be looking for me by now."
"I imagine so," Stack said, "I'd imagine so."
Paulus looked at the traitor through the bars and sensed that something was bothering him.  Not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, he wondered whether Tony Stack was having second thoughts about what his boss was doing.  It wouldn't be the first time that the betrayer had found himself among the betrayed.
"You're having second thoughts, aren't you?" Paulus said, "About this insane plan that LaPorte has hatched?"
"You're good," Stack nodded, "I wasn't expecting a lot of things to go the way they did.  I figured we'd be going for more profit than anything else."
"LaPorte wants power," Paulus told him, "I don't know how he thinks he's going to do it like this…"
"The Mavelans," Stack told him, "He's in bed with King Facie."
"That rotten son of a bitch," Paulus growled, "I should have guessed."
"Have you met him?" Stack asked Paulus.
"Many years ago," Paulus nodded, "Back when Massimaferro was a new apprentice, just before Cirrus defected.  He was a duplicitous bastard even then."
"I just met him," Stack said, "It was a new experience.  He was dressed as a page to avoid assassination."
"He has to do that," Paulus said, "His people hate him that much.  I think he was a waiter when I met him."
"He and LaPorte are already planning the reeducation camps," Stack said, "It won't be pretty when they take over."
"You can stop this you know," Paulus told him, "It isn't too late.  If Massimaferro is told…"
"It's too late," Stack said, "Massimaferro is up north.  Evidently, the Siraqis have something cooking to keep attentions divided.  The transfer is taking place in less than a week."
"Facie will turn on you, you know this right?" Paulus asked him, "Come on Tony, it isn't too late."
"It is for me," Stack said, "I'm a wanted man in the Empire now.  I betrayed everything I was, everyone who trusted me.  The reason I'm here is because my idiots failed in their attempts to assassinate Medoferro."
"That was you, huh?" Paulus asked him, "It doesn't matter now.  Just let me out of here, Tony.  We'll go back.  You might not have the power you had before, but we can stop this madness in its tracks."
"There's no redemption for me now," Tony Stack said, "Even if this is stopped, there's nothing left for me."
"You have to at least try," Paulus said, "Come on, let me out and we'll go to the capital together.   That will count for more than you know."
"You're delusional, Tally," Stack told him, "One of us might be able to get away with a distraction.  He'll be looking for both of us within an hour."
"We have to at least try," Paulus told him, "Come on, let me out."
Tony Stack looked at Paulus for a minute and thought about his future.  He didn't like any of what he saw coming for him.  He knew he didn't want to live in a Mavelan controlled area and he knew he couldn't go home again.  What was left of his conscience was eating at him as well.  It was a long thought before Stack tossed the keys to Tally.
"Let yourself out when you hear the commotion outside," Stack told him, "They left you in civilian clothes so you'll fit in well enough.   Get out of here and tell the Mullinix what is going on.  Maybe you'll be able to stop it.   Who knows?  Either way I won't be a part of it."
"You can come with me, Tony," Paulus told him, "You don't have to stay here."
"Stay here?" Stack chuckled, "I have no intention of staying here.   But I'm not going to go subject myself to a Mullinix Trial either.   Get yourself ready.  You won't have much time to get out."
"Tony!" Paulus exclaimed, but all he could do was watch as Anthony Stack walked away from him.
Paulus got himself cleaned up a little and unlatched the cell door using Stack's keys.  He walked out of the cell and quietly snuck up the stairs to the front area.  This was going to be the tricky part, getting out past the guards despite the late hour.  He wondered exactly what type of commotion Tony Stack was going to make.
Anthony Stack walked past the guard at the front, ignoring the pleas to stop and give the keys back again.   The guard left his station and went over to Anthony Stack, grabbing on to his shoulder.  Stack turned around and produced a knife from a sheath, ramming it deep into the front door guard's chest, slicing the man's heart clean in half.
Paulus shuddered as he watched that display and then looked as Tony Stack went towards the upper stairs instead of going outside.  Paulus waited for the guard to die before venturing up any further, this time slipping behind the desk and locking all the inner guard doors to make sure that any guards that were still awake wouldn't be able to get out to chase him.
"Whatever you're going to do, Tony," Paulus said to himself, "Do it soon."
Anthony Stack went up to the top of the building and got up to the lighted area at the top.   The jail was the tallest building on the base and faced the courtyard where all the parades were held.  He looked out at the lighted parade grounds and then closed his eyes.  He thought for a few minutes about what he had done and decided that this was as good a way as any to end it.
"Fuck you, Ellis LaPorte!" Anthony Stack shouted at the top of his lungs, "I hope you rot in hell for eternity!   I'll be waiting at the gates when you get there!"
There was some activity on the base and this type of shout didn't go unnoticed.  Stack waited until there were plenty of sets of eyes on him before doing a perfect swan dive off the top of the stone jail building.  There were a few screams as the people on the ground watched the traitor gracefully fly through the air and thump loudly on the ground, dying instantly as his neck broke on contact.
Paulus saw this display and heard the rushing people, knowing that this was the commotion that Anthony Stack had promised.  Knowing full well that this was his best chance he walked out of the jail, using one of the doors that was away from where Tony Stack had fallen to his death.   
While everyone on the base was going to look at the body, Paulus made his way to the gates.   He found one where the guard's curiosity overcame his desire to stay at his post and slipped outside, jogging to the wooded area to the north of the base.  He continued jogging until he was too winded to jog anymore.   
"You got another one, Ellis," Paulus said to himself as he rested, "But you won't get me too."
With that determination Paulus Tally started walking north, figuring that if he could get to Taliaferro Village before LaPorte's people did he could make his call and let Massimaferro know what had happened down there.  He just hoped that he could make it in time, as it would not be a good thing for the people of Cirrus if King Facie took it over.  Not a good thing at all.

Chapter 78 - The Diagnosis

"Did you sleep at all last night?" Miranda asked her sister as she walked into Toria's workroom, "You don't look it."
"I've been trying to figure this out," Toria told her sister, "The symptoms don't make sense with what everyone has been saying it was."
"It wouldn't surprise me," Miranda said, "Ari Coblein didn't particularly impress me."
"Me either," Toria said, "Luckily he's sulking in his room or something.  I haven't seen him since I pushed him out last night."
"Well," Miranda said, pulling up a chair, "Have you figured out anything new?"
"I know it's not a virus," Toria said, "The symptoms don't fit.  I've been reading all night on them.   Not to mention he has almost no fever that I can determine."
"No fever?" Miranda said, "So what is causing the delusions?"
"That's the part that doesn't fit," Toria told her, "The only time I've ever seen delusions with a viral problem are when they have high fevers.  Viruses don't affect the mind directly, they cause the immune system to burn the body up, ."
"So what else could it be," Miranda asked her, "If it isn't a virus?"
"I've been thinking about that," Toria said, "I ran into something years ago that gave symptoms close to this, but I don't think that even Coblein is incompetent enough to do what caused it."
"What's that?" Miranda wondered, "Something he could have done to cause this?"
"There was a drug used many years ago called mellemaic," Toria explained, "It was cheap to produce and was widely used on minor fevers and head ailments.  It was even occasionally used for reaction headaches like Medoferro's."
"Why have I not heard of it then?" Miranda asked.
"Because," Toria said, "It was pulled off the market before we were born.  It has a nearly thirty percent allergic reaction rate and degrades short-term memory.  In high enough doses, it can even send a person into madness."
"How do you know this?" Miranda asked her sister, "And why had you dealt with it?"
"There are still supplies around," Toria said, "Back in my first years as a medico here, when you were a toddler, someone brought a child to me that had eaten a bottle of mellemaic pills.  I fought for a week to bring her back around."
"You don't think Coblein was giving Massimaferro mellemaic, do you?" Miranda said, "He may be arrogant, but he can't be that bad a Medico."
"No reputable Medico uses that drug anymore," Toria said, "They pulled Mellemaic for good when they brought out wophkeneprin.  It does a lot of what Mellemaic did and has a less than two percent reaction rate.  The reactions don't tend to be as severe either."
"Is there any way we can test for mellemaic presence?" Miranda asked, "Does it stay in the blood?"
"Yes!" Toria exclaimed, "I have been up too long. I forgot about that.  Mellemaic in the blood causes a violent reaction with chlorine.  Can you be a dear and get me a sample of Massimaferro's blood?"
"Sure," Miranda said, "Be back in a couple.   Need some coffee or tea?"
"Not right now, thanks," Toria said, "Is anyone else awake yet?"
"Suvorov is," Miranda told her, "He took over for Stacy.  Medo and Simon are still out, probably will be for a bit."
"Let them sleep," Toria told her, "If I'm right they'll wake up soon enough.  The books say that the reaction is loud."
"Right," Miranda nodded and went out into the main room.
"How goes, Miranda?" Rav asked her.
"Not too bad," Miranda said, "Gotta go draw a blood sample if you want to watch."
"I'll come in," Suvorov nodded, "Someone has to restrain him if he starts raving again."
"Right," Miranda said.
They walked into the secure room to find that Massimaferro was indeed awake and raving a bit.  His current target of tirade was Ari Coblein, who was sitting there trying to take his temperature.
"I know what you want!" Massimaferro ranted, "You want me to die!  You want my lifeblood!"
"Nonsense, dear Massimaferro," Coblein said, "I merely wish to check on your temperature."
"My temperature is fine you twit!" Massimaferro yelled, "Now go back to your den of iniquity before I have you thrown out!"
Miranda and Suvorov looked at each other and had trouble keeping themselves from laughing.   Massimaferro's delusions had brought him into a state of mind seen in a photoplay from many years before.  It was an old photoplay that Miranda particularly liked and remembered well.
"Dear lord of the manor," Miranda said, letting her tongue ride the words a little, "I am but a servant girl and request a minor thing from you.
"Are you all daft?" Coblein said, "What are you…"
"Shut up, Coblein," Suvorov told him quietly, "Let her work."
"Certainly, my young mistress," Massimaferro said, not really seeing Miranda but talking to her anyway, "What can I do for you, my lovely?"
"There has been a disaster master," Miranda said, playing to the hilt, "The only thing that can prevent it from all falling in on us is a bit of your lifeblood, enough to consecrate the ground and make it holy again…"
"By all means child!" Massimaferro exclaimed, "I may not be able to give much, but if it will prevent such evil I will give what I can."
"That is all I ask, sire," Miranda said, going over and pulling the blood draw she needed, "Thank you, sir."
"Go now, child," Massimaferro said, lying back down and starting to mumble, "I have done all I can…"
Massimaferro was out again and the three of them went back outside the room to talk about what had just happened.   Coblein was a bit annoyed that a young girl had managed to do better in there than he did.
"How did you do that?" Coblein said, "I was just trying to take his temperature!"
"He was living in a photoplay from memory," Miranda told him, "Toria wanted a blood draw, so I got it as best I could."
"What on earth does she want that for?" Coblein asked, "You can't detect virus by blood tests!"
"She doesn't think it is a virus," Miranda explained, "She thinks it might be mellemaic poisoning.  She wants the blood draw to test."
"I never gave him mellemaic," Coblein said, though he was a bit shaken, "Is she sure?"
"Not yet," Miranda said, "She will be once she tests the blood."
"Let me know what you find," Coblein said, departing quickly, "I will be in my room."
"I'll be here," Suvorov said, "In case he wakes up again."
Miranda nodded and brought the sample in to Toria's workshop, where she was putting the final components for the test together and putting them in a blast pot, specially designed for tests like this that could get reactive.  Toria looked up to see her sister, who presented the vial with a smile.
"Any problems?" Toria asked.
"Nope," Miranda said, "He was raving at Coblein.  I played his game and he gave the sample willingly."
"Good," Toria nodded, "Might want to get back.  The books say this could be reactive if it is positive."
Miranda nodded and went over by the door.   Toria prepared a sample and put it on to a disposable test strip.  She then moved the glass as far as she could away from the testing area.   Toria smiled and put on a protective apron and mask and used tongs to lower the test strip into the vat and stepped back.
"I guess you were wrong," Miranda said after a minute with no reaction.
Toria said nothing for a few moments, watching the pot.   Finally, she covered her ears and watched.  Miranda looked at her sister and did the same, just in time.  The vat containing the test let off a loud noise, shooting the top up into the ceiling and leaving a little bit of a fire in the vat that burned itself out quickly.
Toria went over and put another top on the vat, fully extinguishing the fire as some of the others came rushing into the room.  Medoferro and Simon were the first, rushing in, their hands in ready stance.  They looked for the source of the danger and found none.
"What the hell was that?" Simon asked, "Something exploded?"
"It was proof," Toria said, "Massimaferro's sickness isn't a virus.  Someone has been feeding him mellemaic."
"Coblein," Medoferro said, his now refreshed mind making the connection, "Where is he?"
"He said he was going to his room," Miranda said, "Just a couple minutes ago…"
Medoferro and Simon rushed over there, soon followed by Suvorov.  They found the room that Ari Coblein had stayed in last night and it was empty, only a window open to show that Coblein had been through there.   Medoferro cursed a few times and looked at Suvorov.
"Get any guards you can find and get that son of a bitch," Medoferro said, "He can't have gone far."
"Right," Suvorov said, "I'm on it."
"I'll go get Roland," Simon said, "He needs to be in on this."
"Miranda," Medoferro said, "Go through Coblein's stuff.  Look for what he used."
"I'll go see if I can start turning the tide on this stuff," Toria volunteered.
"Where are you going, Medo?" Miranda asked him.
"Hunting," Medoferro growled, "I'm going to see if I can use my power to find the rotten son of a bitch."

Chapter 79 - LaPorte’s Wrath

"That guard better be lucky someone knifed him," LaPorte growled, "I want search parties put together.  Paulus Tally needs to be found!"
"He could be anywhere by now!" the younger man said, "How did he get out anyway?"
"That idiot Stack," LaPorte said, "He’s not on the base, so he has to be heading north.   Get people searching every house between here and Taliaferro village.  I want him found."
"Yes Colonel!" the young man said, glad to get out of the Colonel’s presence.
Ellis LaPorte was supremely pissed that morning.  He was on the edge of his final triumph and almost ready to gloat on it when he gets a morning like this.  It was enough to make a man go insane, he thought.  The fact that he was already certifiable didn’t even cross his mind, however.
He walked back to his office and sat down behind his opulent desk, enjoying the feel of the smooth wood as he tried to think of a fall back plan.  It was a few minutes before he even thought of anything to do at all.  He rang for one of his adjutants to come in to the room.
"Yes Colonel?" the man said.
"How soon before you can begin the camps?" LaPorte asked him, "Have you got all the troublemakers identified?"
"Nearly," the adjutant said, gulping, "But we need a few more days to finish indoctrination."
"You have two," LaPorte said, "I can’t wait any longer than that in case that idiot lapdog of Massimaferro’s gets his message out."
"I’ll try," the adjutant said, "but I don’t know…"
"You’d better know," Colonel LaPorte told him, "Because I’m going to give the transfer order in three days.   So have your lists ready and get your trustworthy people the hell out of the way."
"Yes Colonel!" the adjutant said, snapping off a salute, "I’ll be ready."
"You’d better," LaPorte said quietly, "And find Paulus Tally!   If you don’t, we may well not make it."

Chapter 79 - The Poison’s Effects

"He couldn't have disappeared that thoroughly," Medoferro grumbled, "We need to find that Medico and quick."
"He left his stuff behind at least," Miranda said, "The mellemaic was in his bag."
"This is a right mess," Roland sighed, "Insegniferro is going to have a fit."
"I'm having a fit," Medoferro exclaimed, "I want Coblein's head on a stick for putting me in this position."
"How dire is the situation?" Suvorov asked, "I don't know anything about that drug."
"I've contacted some specialists in Skolnik," Toria said, "There's no need for them to come out.  I'm doing all that can be done for it.   If he's not having a complete allergic reaction to it he may come out of it."
"And if he is that one in five?" Medo asked.
"I respectfully suggest you not think about it right now," Toria told him, "You've got enough pressure on you."
"Great," Medoferro sighed, "Just what I needed to hear."
"So what do we do now?" Simon asked, "I mean, we can't just sit here?"
"Roland," Medoferro said, "How close are you on the conference plans?"
"We've got a ways to go," Roland said, "It's going to be a full time job to pull that off in time."
"You and Simon keep working on that," Medoferro said, "Since Massy is in no condition to do it I guess I get to play leader for a bit."
"That's your job," Roland confirmed, "I caught the highlights of your sessions on the newsreel.   You're not doing badly."
"I guess I need to go tell Insegniferro," Medoferro said, "Rav, ride herd on Travis's boys.  I want Coblein found and quick."
"That leaves us to stay put," Miranda said, "Right?"
"I can't think of anyone more qualified to watch over him," Medoferro smiled at her, "Without the two of you, I doubt we'd have ever figured this out."
"Translation," Simon said, grinning evilly, "You've rendered a great service to the empire, but we can't afford to pay ya."
"I'm sure I'll find another way to extract payment out of him," Miranda grinned, "Right Stacy?"
"Absolutely," Stacy chuckled, "As soon as things calm down again."
"Let's get to work," Medoferro said, "We'll relax later."
Toria and Miranda went back to the treatments while Stacy took the door in front of the Mullinix.  Medoferro, Simon and Roland started walking up the hill to the government house up at the top of the hill.  Medoferro pushed his hair back as he walked, moving his head around and stretching a little.
"This should be interesting," Medoferro said, "I haven't seen Travis since I was fourteen."
"Family reunions are always fun," Simon said, "We have one every year…"
"I don't think Medoferro is looking forward to this reunion, Simon," Roland said, looking at the young Mullinix, "I take it there's some bad blood there?"
"My family is dysfunctional at best," Medoferro told them, "My parents are all right, but we're not what you'd consider close.  Most of the relatives hate each other for various reasons and Travis is one of the most belligerent."
"Gee," Roland chuckled, "I would never have guessed. He's just such a cheery guy."
"Yeah," Medoferro said, "He'll probably be really pleased to see me, considering the problems I gave him last time."
"What did you do?" Simon asked, "I can't imagine you pissing anyone off?"
"I have my moments," Medoferro said, "I asked a few quite logical questions that managed to piss him off.  I didn't know any better and called him on a load of bullshit, making him look rather stupid."
"Nice," Simon said, "You do seem to have a knack for opening your mouth when you shouldn't."
"I hear that's what got him the job in the first place," Roland agreed, "Iggy was quite amused by your question as I recall."
"Words I will probably regret for the rest of my life," Medo said as they approached the door, "I guess we'd better go inside…"
Medoferro was nearly speechless at what a mess the government house was.  It was smaller than the ones he'd seen over the previous days but designed much the same.  The overwhelming difference was the mess.  Medoferro was surprised that anyone could live in this type of filth, let alone a Major in the Mullinix guard.
"You weren't kidding," Medo said, "What kind of hurricane hit this place?"
"On whose authority are you two taking all my men off their normal routes?" a loud voice came in, "I've been trying to find them all morning…"
Travis Steele walked into the room and looked at Medoferro, though his mind was seeing a much younger man that he'd known in a much different location.  A frown hit Travis Steele's face as he saw Medo.  Medoferro had all he could do to keep from laughing at the pained expression.
"Surprised to see me, Travis?" Medoferro asked him.
"What are you doing here, Copeland?" Travis said, "I didn't expect to see you…"
"I came in with the barge last night," Medoferro said, "It's interesting to hear the name though.  Nobody has called me Copeland in nearly six months now."
"I'd almost forgotten you were chosen," Travis said, nodding, "Medoferro is it?"
"Yep," Medo nodded, "I'd like to complement you on your housekeeper, by the way."
Simon snickered at that while Roland just shook his head.  Travis frowned again and silently waved them into the other room.   They walked in and found the area that Travis had cleaned out.
"Why have you got all my men chasing someone?" Travis asked them, "I take it that you did it?"
"I did," Medo told him, "Ari Coblein is responsible for Massimaferro being in as bad a shape as he is.  We need to find him and quick.  There's little that is more important right now."
"I'm understaffed as it is," Travis said, "And now I've got no one doing basic patrol!"
"They can do both," Roland said, "I've also put in a requisition for fifteen recruits.  The Mullinix Centre class ends in three days.  They'll be up here within a day or so after that."
"Nothing to worry about, Travis," Medoferro said, "You've got more pressing things to worry about.   What the hell happened here?"
"I haven't cleaned it a while," Travis shrugged, "I'm working on it."
"Well we will have dignitaries here in less than a week," Medoferro said, "Simon and Roland will be helping, as well as anyone else you can drag in that doesn't affect the search."
"I can't believe I'm justifying my actions to you," Travis mumbled sourly.
"Get used to it," Roland suggested, "If Massimaferro doesn't pull through he'll be your boss in fact, instead of just being it in kind."
"We'll worry about that later," Medoferro said, "Where's the line room.  I need to inform Insegniferro of what is going on here."
"In the back," Travis said, "You'll have to operate it yourself.   The operator was dragged into the search."
"I'll manage," Medoferro said, "I'll be back in a bit."
Medoferro walked to the room and closed the door behind him.   The buzzer was going off continually, meaning that someone was trying to call them.   Medoferro flipped the switch, turning on the line.
"Hello," Medoferro said into the line.
"Skolnik X2 calling border village," the operator said, "I need your call sign."
"I don't have one," Medoferro said, amused by this, "The operator is out on search detail."
"You shouldn't be in there then," the operator warned, "Only authorized personnel…"
"Skip it," Medoferro said, "My name is Medoferro.  I'm betting the call you're placing is for me in the first place."
"Medoferro…" the operator said, "How do I prove it is you?"
"If it is Insegniferro on the Mullinix Centre end," Medoferro said, "Put him through.  He'll recognize my voice."
"One moment," the operator said and the line went silent.
Medoferro groaned and waited for a minute and a half before the operator came back on the line.  He was accompanied by a very familiar voice.
"Medoferro?" Insegniferro asked, "Say something."
"It's me," Medo said, "I don't have the codes.  Kick the operator offline and I'll explain what is going on."
"It's him," Insegniferro said, "For future calls he'll use Medoferro operation seven for a sign."
"I have it logged," the young man said, "Dropping off."
"Gotta love it," Medoferro sighed, "Right?"
"He said your operator was on a search party," Iggy said, not one to miss a trick, "Who for?"
"Ari Coblein," Medoferro explained, "He's the cause of Massy's sickness."
"Whoa," Insegniferro said, "Back up a little and tell me everything…"
Medoferro spent a few minutes explaining what had happened since the trip the night before and about the diagnosis that was finally made correctly this morning.  The news about Massimaferro's prognosis was not the most welcome thing he had heard all day.
"Not good," Insegniferro said, the tone dropping considerably, "Mellemaic?  Where the hell did he get that crap?"
"I don't know," Medoferro said, "But I intend to find out.   The guards out there have instructions to get Coblein back to me alive.   I'll get it out of him."
"I don't want to know how you do it," Insegniferro said, "That's your call.  I have bad news for you. Something I know you don't want to hear."
"What?" Medoferro said.
"Massimaferro is allergic to Mellemaic," Insegniferro said, "We had an old medico here back when he was a young apprentice.  He was one of Taliaferro's contemporaries and didn't trust the new stuff, still preferred mellemaic.  Stuff nearly sent him into shock back then."
"I didn't need to hear that," Medoferro sighed, "I'll tell Toria though.  Maybe she'll be able to fight it better knowing that."
"We have to prepare for the worst," Insegniferro told him, "You know that right?"
"I've been trying not to think about that either," Medoferro sighed, "I'm not ready for the job, you know."
"Nobody ever is," Insegniferro said, "And neither will the new apprentice…"
Medoferro closed his eyes and sighed.  He knew what was coming and didn't want to face it.   He had figured that Insegniferro had another ulterior motive when he sent Miranda along on this trip.  He had just hoped he was wrong about it.
"Miranda," Medo said softly, "Right?"
"It was neck and neck between you and her," Iggy said, "It makes sense."
"There are complications," Medo sighed, "I don't know if I can do that to her."
"You're falling for her, aren't you?" Iggy asked him.
"Yeah," Medo agreed, "I think I might be."
"Don't let it cloud your judgment," Iggy warned, "You may not want to do it to her, but we didn't want to do it to you either.   She'll be as good as you are and you know it."
"I know I do," Medoferro sighed, "But how do you tell a girl that you hope to get closer to that you might have to give her a job she would prefer to avoid?"
"Very carefully," Insegniferro chuckled, "Preferably when she doesn't have anything handy to throw at you."
"I'll remember that," Medoferro said, smiling a little, "Should I bring it up before it happens?"
"Might be a good idea to warn her," Iggy said, "We usually don't work that way, but this is all going to be a nasty shock to the system."
"I'll talk to her in a bit," Medoferro said, "I'm going to go help the searchers for a while.   They're a bit understaffed."
"Be careful," Insegniferro warned, "You may only be half trained, but you beat having someone completely untrained."
"I'll be careful," Medo promised, "Probably will join Suvorov for a bit, mainly to do something to keep my mind off it."
"Keep me informed," Iggy said, "Any change in condition I need to know about it."
"Do the same for Cirrus," Medoferro said, "If I will be Mullinix I need to be kept apprised.  Even if he recovers, it looks like I'll be doing his job for a bit."
"Good luck," Insegniferro said, "You'll need it."
"You too," Medoferro said, "Signing off."

Chapter 80 - Taliaferro Village

Paulus remained vigilant, even after he knew he was out of the Cirrus area.  He didn't know how far Ellis LaPorte's conspiracy had gone, so he went slowly into the village area.  When he arrived at the village, he wasn't particularly surprised to see that a group of LaPorte's private soldiers had made it ahead of him.
"Ok," Paulus said to himself as he hid behind a stone wall, "Plan B."
Taliaferro Village was not one of the largest towns in the empire, but it was large enough that there were places to go.  Paulus knew the area better than to go head on to the government house in the town, as LaPorte's goons were expecting that.  In his travels through here, however, he knew that some of his old friends had retired down here.
Paulus went to a small house on the outside of town.  It was far enough from where LaPorte's people were hunting him that he didn't have to worry too much about showing himself.  He walked up to the place and knocked on the door of the house, getting a gruff invitation to come inside.
"Who the hell is that?" an old voice grumbled, "I'm just getting up."
"Not getting up until noon now, old coot?" Paulus asked him, "Has retirement made you that lazy?"
"You're kidding me," the old man said, coming out, "Paulus friggen Tally.  I thought sure I'd never see your sorry ass again."
"I'm like a bad penny," Paulus chuckled, "I always turn up.  Just like you when you worked for Crian.  How are you holding up in your declining years, Edgar?"
"Hating retirement like a bitch," Edgar grunted, "Would give a lot to not have to sit around and wait to die."
"I hear ya," Paulus said, "I may be able to scare up some work for you if you want."
"I don't need special favors," Edgar said, "I'm too damn old to do much and with that left leg lame I can do less."
"You can help me now," Paulus said, "More than anyone else in this town."
"So you're the one those goons from down south are looking for," Edgar nodded, "How did that happen?  You're a Mullinix Representative, just like I was.  They are guard, aren't they?"
"Technically," Paulus grunted, "They have turned though, right along with their boss."
"Ellis LaPorte," Edgar said, "The rumors are true I take it?"
"He's the cause," Paulus said, "I need to get this information to the palace quickly."
"The local head is in LaPorte's pocket," Edgar said, "You won't get any help there."
"That's why I'm here," Paulus said, "I need food and transportation."
"I have a bicycle," Edgar said, "It's old and a bit rusty, but it is yours.  I have a bit of extra food, take what you need Paulus.   Just get out of here as fast as you can."
"I appreciate this, Edgar," Paulus said, "Like I said, if there is anything I can do…"
"Get back and tell the Mullinix what you know," Edgar said, "Solve that mess down south so I don't have to worry about waking up with Mavelan soldiers on my door instead of your ugly mug."
"Count on it," Paulus said, starting to get stuff together, "Thanks."

Chapter 81 - A Plan

Toria sipped on some water as she looked over Massimaferro.  The Mullinix had stopped raving finally and had gotten a bit of sleep.  She hoped it was a good sign, as there was little else that she could do for him.   Now that Coblein was no longer there to continue the dosing of the dastardly drug the massive delirium had gone down to a dull roar.
"Anything new, sis?" Miranda asked her, "You have a pensive look on your face."
"Just watching now," Toria sighed, "The worst part for a Medico."
"Nothing else you can do?" Miranda asked her.
"He's not delirious anymore," Toria told her, "Mostly just sleeping now.   His body is hopefully burning it off."
"Anything out of the ordinary?" Miranda wondered, "Other than the fact that it's happening in the first place."
"You mean this whole situation isn't out of the ordinary?" Toria teased her, "Come now… How in the hell did you get wrapped up in this?  You promised you'd tell me the story."
"Well," Miranda told her sister, "Perhaps we should sit down."
"Sure," Toria nodded, pointing her to chairs on the edge of the room, "I want to stay in here to keep an eye on him."
"That's fine," Miranda nodded, "He knows this story anyway."
"So what happened?" 
"I met Medo and Simon at the big pub in the Centre," Miranda explained, "Simon was the outgoing one, pulling Medo along with him.  This was before he'd been chosen and was going by his given name, Copeland Steele."
"One of Travis's relatives," Toria nodded, "I remember him saying that last night."
"I think he's trying to forget that part," Miranda chuckled, "Anyway, the four of us became friends after that."
"Four?" Toria wondered.
"Simon, Copeland, Stacy and Myself," Miranda said, "I wrote you about Stacy."
"How did you get drafted and…" Toria said, "Wait…   Stacy…   The guard that came with you here?"
"She's got a bit of a different attitude right now," Miranda chuckled, "Has for a while since I found out."
"Found out what?" Toria said, "I'm missing a few things."
"Evidently I came within hairs of getting chosen for the job Medo was," Miranda explained, "Taliaferro was dying and they were watching a bunch of candidates.  Copeland and I were high on the list.   Rav Suvorov was watching Medo during that time as well.  Stacy happened to be the guard watching me."
"Not that I think you're complaining," Toria said, "But how did he get chosen over you?"
"His big mouth," Miranda grinned, "The day Taliaferro died our class, being headed by Massimaferro in disguise, was brought in to the chamber to watch session.  Insegniferro held a question and answer session afterwards."
"He asked something stupid?" Toria said, "Or supremely intelligent?"
"A little of both, really," Miranda chuckled, "He asked Insegniferro what made him better than everyone else so much that he could pass judgment."
"He didn't!" Toria exclaimed, "That had to be the question that got him the job."
"It was," Miranda nodded, "Both of us knew we were in consideration, but he was chosen when Taliaferro died a few hours later."
"And you remained close to him?" Toria asked, getting up and taking a quick pulse check on Massimaferro.
"Yeah," Miranda nodded, "Both Stacy and I have, though in different ways."
"You like him, don't you?" Toria said.
"I guess so," Miranda said, "I think he likes me too, but…"
"His position makes it a bitch," Toria chuckled, "Right?"
"You got it," Miranda agreed, "I'd go for him in a minute, but he has all those girls at the palace to choose from.   I know he's not been celibate there by any stretch."
"There's a key difference between you and them, honey," Toria said, "I'm sure they're all nice people, but you can probably offer a part of yourself that they never could in their position."
"But would it be fair to either of us?" Miranda asked, "I mean I'd go for him in a heartbeat, but what can I do?"
"Let it lead where it would naturally go," Toria told her younger sister, "The only thing worse than seeing a relationship fail is not having one for the fear of it."
"It may be moot," Miranda chuckled, "He may not be able to do anything.  It's almost as if he's been avoiding me all day."
"He might be scared," Toria told her, "Remember, he may be in that position of power, but he's no older than you are.  He's probably as afraid of this as you are, maybe more because he would be putting you in an awkward position."
"He might also have received some instructions he didn't want to think about," Stacy said, entering, "Sorry, couldn't help but overhear your conversation a little."
"No problem," Miranda said, "Come on in, Stace."
"What instructions?" Toria asked Stacy.
"He spent a long time with Insegniferro," Stacy said, "They'd be idiots if they didn't talk about the possibility that Massimaferro wouldn't make it.  You know who would be the unfortunate soul chosen if that happened soon…"
"Oh man," Miranda said, her eyes popping wide open, "I hadn't even thought about that!"
"I wouldn't want to tell you that news either," Toria agreed, "At least you know it isn't personal now."
"He lights up when you enter the room," Stacy told Miranda, "I think you should go for it.   Even Marina was noticing that."
"I thought Marina was close with him," Miranda said, "I mean, why would she want to give him up?"
"Marina went through hell as a child, Mir," Stacy reminded her, "She doesn't see things like we do much of the time.  She has a certain flexibility in some areas that make her perfect for her job.  She wants to see Medoferro happy and is bright enough to know that she lacks a few essential things that he needs for that."
"Especially with him being as sensitive to power and feelings," Toria said, "I've seen his type before.  He'd know if someone's feelings weren't as direct for him as they said they were."
"It may be a moot point if I can't do anything about it," Miranda sighed, "There isn't much I can change about the situation."
"I'll be right back," Toria said, her mind churning as she went for the door, "Yell if something happens."
Stacy and Miranda looked at each other and chatted for a bit about how things were going.   It was nearly thirty minutes later when Toria walked back in the room with a large smile on her face.  Stacy wondered just what no good Toria was up to, while Miranda was just standing there pretty well clueless.
"You're going to have your chance," Toria told her sister, "How does a nice, quiet romantic dinner catered by Mrs. Seville sound?"
"You have something up your sleeve," Miranda said, "Dare I ask?"
"She owed me a bit for the surgical procedure I did for her," Toria said, "I figured this would be an easy way for her to pay it off.   She would have done it anyway for a chance to meet Medoferro, but it gives me an easy way to let her off the hook without her thinking it is charity."
"How do you propose I get Medo to go?" Miranda asked her.
"I spoke with your friend Simon," Toria smiled, "He's arranging to bring Medo back out of the field in an hour or so.   He thinks this is a wonderful idea as well and is going to help as much as he can."
"Why do I feel as though everyone is playing matchmaker?" Miranda wondered.
"Because they are," Stacy chuckled, "You both could use it.  It will help him for sure and it certainly won't do you any harm at all."
"Like I said," Toria said, "Go for it, sis.  I can tell by the way you act that you want to go for him, despite the problems.  It may not turn out to be everything you hoped when it's over, but that feeling beats the hell out of the wondering what could have happened."
"She's right," Stacy agreed, "Trust me on this."
"You and he have been on the go for quite a bit," Toria said, "Come six this evening I don't want you two to even think about coming back here.   We can do without you just fine for tonight.  I promise."
A smile crept up on Miranda's face.  Those were indeed the words she wanted to hear.

Chapter 82 - Running Towards Home

Paulus was dead tired as he approached the little hamlet that signified the halfway point between Taliaferro Village and Mullinix Centre.   He figured that the hamlet was far enough off the track that LaPorte's people wouldn't have had the insight to figure he'd stop there.  Luckily for Paulus, the guard station was actually populated that particular afternoon by someone he knew.
"Paulus?" the guard said, "You look like hell, Tally.   How long have you been traveling?"
"Feels like days now," Paulus told him, "Things went bad for me in Cirrus."
"Things are going bad for everyone in that hell hole," the guard said, "Come on inside.  I'm not letting you back on the road again without a solid meal in you."
"Thanks Hamid," Paulus said, "I won't lie to you.   I could use it."
Hamid nodded and invited Paulus into the guard station.   Small guard stations like this were common in areas without a city nearby.   This area was on the road between Mullinix Centre and Taliaferro Village, but only sported a few hundred residents, far too few to justify a permanent posting.  So individual guards were sent out for periods of weeks at a time.  They handled local disagreements and problems with travelers.
Hamid was an experienced guard, one who had come from the southwestern desert lands in the Mullinix Empire.   He'd also served as one of Paulus's bodyguards many years before, when Paulus was a young Mullinix representative.  Much like Tolando before he died, Hamid knew the representative pretty well.
"Tell me what's going on, Paulus," Hamid said, "I've known you many years and have never seen you like this."
"I've never been thrown into a jail cell at the whim of a mad Colonel before," Paulus grunted, "LaPorte has lost it, big time.   I need to get back to the palace quickly, as he's going to try to defect to the Mavelans, bringing Cirrus with him."
"I'd almost say let him have it," Hamid grunted, "But that would be a mess in itself.   He obviously didn't feed you much either.  You were never large, but you look like you've lost thirty pounds."
"I got a little food from a friend down in Taliaferro Village," Paulus explained, "But LaPorte's boys beat me there so I had to eat quick and get out on bicycle."
"I figured," Hamid nodded, "I have a suspicion a few heads will roll on this one once the Mullinix gets better and back into the thick of things."
"What do you mean gets better?" Paulus asked, surprised, "Something is wrong with Massimaferro?"
"You haven't heard?" Hamid said, "It's been over the papers all week with the speculation."
"LaPorte controls the media down there," Paulus explained, "I haven't seen a bit of news from up north for over a month."
"The Siraqis decided to play nice and schedule the conference quick," Hamid explained, "Evidently they are either scrambling to play catch up or Massimaferro is really down with the stomach flu."
"Stomach flu huh?" Paulus said, "I've only seen him sick twice and never with the flu.  Why so much speculation though?"
"Medoferro took session for him," Hamid said, "A murder case, right off the bat.  Handled it beautifully, but it started people talking.   Especially since in his speech the night after Massimaferro looked like death warmed over."
"Great," Paulus said, "They are just going to love what I have to tell them."
"It gets worse," Hamid said as he poured a hearty ladle of thick guard soup for Paulus, "Medoferro took session alone the day after that speech and that night they cancelled the appearance in Polonion after that.  Word is they retreated up to the border villages to prepare for the conference, but that's a mighty odd way of going about it."
"LaPorte must have his hands in this somewhere," Paulus grunted, gratefully eating it down, "I need to get home and get there fast."
"You've got about a day of bicycle travel," Hamid said, "But you'll collapse before you make it halfway in your condition."
"I have to make it," Paulus said, "It's very important that they know so they can stop it."
"Leave your bicycle here," Hamid told him, "You will rest for a few hours before you even think about going anywhere.  When you go, you'll take my horse so you don't fall over on the road dead of exhaustion before you talk to the Mullinix."
"You have a deal," Paulus nodded, "Provided you throw some more stew in on top of it."
"Of course," Hamid chuckled, pouring a bit more, "I'm not sending you out there again hungry.   I'll even give you a satchel of waybread.  I can get one of the locals to make me some more."
"You are a lifesaver Hamid," Paulus told him, "Thank you."
"Remember that when it comes time to increase pay for the guard," Hamid chuckled.
"I will," Paulus agreed between bites, "I most certainly will."

Chapter 83 - If…

Medoferro walked back into town with Rav Suvorov and several other soldiers around five in the afternoon.  It had been a relatively good, though fruitless, afternoon for him as he'd been able to forget about most of his Mullinix duties and concentrate on the search for Ari Coblein.
"Any luck out there?" Simon asked him as he approached, "Any sign of him?"
"A few leads," Medoferro sighed, "Nothing concrete.   Figured we'd come in tonight and try again later."
"Nothing doing," Simon told him, "You have been pushing yourself for days.  You're going to take the night off."
"But…" Medoferro said, then trailed off, "Why?"
"For one thing," Suvorov said, taking some of Simon's thunder, "It will let me reassign the two men I've had following you to the search."
"I told you not to bother with that anyway," Medoferro grumbled.
"Insegniferro would have my ass if I didn't," Suvorov said, "And he outranks you.  Sorry."
"There's also the fact that Toria has set up a pleasant dinner for you and her sister," Simon said, "Miranda is waiting for you to pick her up at her sister's house."
"A date?" Medo said, "All this going on and you want me to go on a date with her?"
"She's been looking forward to it," Simon grinned, "And so would you if you had any sense."
"Man," Medo said, "I don't know.  I mean, if Massy goes south…"
"She already knows that much," Simon said, "She's got a good head on her and knew how close she was.   The least you can do is go have a nice dinner with her while she still has her freedom."
"I guess I can't refuse that," Medo chuckled, "It just doesn't feel right doing that while Massimaferro is lying in there only half-alive."
"He'd kick you in the rear for talking like that," Suvorov reminded him, "Now go get ready and meet her.   She'll be waiting for you soon."
Medoferro nodded and went in to the government house to get dressed.  He was determined that he wouldn't wear anything official and settled for one of his nicer sets of civilian clothing, which he had packed on a whim for this trip in hopes that he could get a chance to use them.
"Thanks for backing me up," Simon told Suvorov, "Toria went through some effort to get this set up for Miranda."
"I didn't even have to lie," Suvorov said, "He wanted to help and he was, but I had to put too many people with him.   It's not his fault, but his position.  He can't do the hands on like he'd want to."
"I'll talk to him about that tomorrow," Simon promised, "I'm betting that Miranda will keep him occupied tonight, at least I'm hoping so."
"He's right though," Suvorov told him, "If Massimaferro doesn't make it, she will be chosen.  That's why he's been out with us, to avoid telling her."
"Maybe this will make that go down easier as well," Simon shrugged, "Let's just hope it's much ado about nothing."
"I'm going to go back out with the searchers," Suvorov said as he got his stuff, "I've got the town pretty well covered because of Massimaferro's illness.  If you need anything there, talk to Stacy."
"Will do," Simon said, "And Rav?"
"Yeah?" Suvorov asked.
"You are much less of an asshole now that you're off the sauce," Simon grinned, "Keep it up."
"Right," Suvorov chuckled and walked back out into the field.
Medoferro finally showed up downstairs looking like any other civilian about to go out on a date.  It was a mode he really hadn't seen Medoferro in for quite a while and a change that Simon liked.
"Looking good, my friend," Simon told him, "You're going to knock her out."
"I don't know if that's such a good thing or not," Medoferro sighed, sitting down on a nearby bench, "I don't know how far I should go with this.   It won't be fair to her, even if we don't choose her."
"She's going willingly," Simon said, "Not because of what you are, but because of who you are.  Don't forget, you and she have been making eyes at each other since that first night I dragged you over to talk to her at the pub back in Mullinix Centre."
"Ahhh," Medo smiled, "The good old days.  Back when all I had to worry about were things that only might come true."
"She's still the same person you knew then, Medo," Simon said, "She's just grown up a bit, much like all of us.  Much as you hate to admit it, you're still the same shy boy that I had to drag over to their table six months ago."
"I knew I chose you for a reason," Medoferro chuckled, "You're the one person I know that would have the balls to tell me that sort of thing, despite the change in position."
"Someone has to," Simon grinned, "This country would be in a sorry state if we didn't remind you just how human you really are."
"So where am I supposed to meet her, anyway?" Medoferro asked him, "Since you're obviously in on Toria's conspiracy."
"Little restaurant," Simon said, pointing down the hill, "Two doors down from Toria's place.  Supposed to be the best food between Skolnik and Hulkensuxor."
"I don't even have anything to pay with," Medo grumbled, "I never did figure out if we were supposed to get paid for this."
"That's been taken care of," Simon chuckled, "And you don't need to get paid.  We handle the money and pay the check for you."
"Right," Medoferro chuckled, "Well, I guess I don't want to be late.  See you later, Simon."
"I'd best not see you before midnight," Simon said seriously, "Toria has made it clear.  You two are to go out and enjoy yourselves.  She has made it so we can do without either of you for a while.  Got it?"
"Yes boss," Medoferro said, "I'll be a good boy and keep her out late."
"You'd better," Simon said, "Cause you won't have to worry about Toria if you don't.  I'll kick your scrawny ass."
Both Simon and Medoferro got a good laugh out of that.  Simon patted his friend on the back and sent him down the hill.  He watched for a few minutes to make sure that Medo wouldn't be getting cold feet and then went back into the government house to finish the cleaning he was working on.

Chapter 84 - The Date

"Hello?" Medoferro said as he poked his head into the small restaurant, "Anyone here?"
"I'm back here, Medo," Miranda said, "Come on in."
Medoferro walked in and looked around.  It was slightly run down, but the smells of good food were unmistakable in the air.  Evidently, the place had been closed to others for the night, as Medo and Miranda were the only people in the room.   He walked over and smiled at her, noticing that she was dressed in some really pretty clothes that she had to have borrowed from her sister.
"You look great, Miranda," Medo told her, eyeing her up and down, "Thanks for the invitation."
"Gotta love my sister," Miranda chuckled, "She put all this together.  She's bossy, that's part of what makes her a great Medico."
"I see that," Medo smiled, pulling up the seat across from her, "I guess I can't argue too much, especially seeing how pretty you look tonight."
"Thank you," she said, "I guess they all want to see us together, huh?"
"I think so," Medo agreed, "Lot of people pulling for us."
Before they could say anything else a rather rotund middle aged woman limped into the room.   She had a wide smile on her face as she approached the table.  Miranda recognized her, but it was Medoferro's first experience with Mrs. Seville.   
"Welcome Miranda!" Mrs. Seville exclaimed, "And you must be young Medoferro?"
"That I am," Medo nodded, "Pleased to meet you…"
"This is Mrs. Seville," Miranda said, introducing them, "She is the finest cook between Skolnik and Hulkensuxor."
"I do my best, child," Mrs. Seville said, beaming at the complement, "I've certainly never heard any complaints."
"I'm looking forward to the meal, ma'am," Medoferro smiled, "And if the meal is anywhere near as nice as the company, then it shall be a grand one indeed."
"A real charmer you are, hold on to this one Miranda," Mrs. Seville chuckled, "It will be a pleasure to serve the both of you."
She smiled at them both and walked back into her kitchen, leaving the two young people alone at the table.
"Is it that obvious with us?" Medoferro wondered, "That people just seem to keep noticing."
"I don't know," Miranda said honestly, "But I will say I'm glad Iggy sent me up here, despite what has happened."
"I'm glad you're here," Medoferro told her, "I really am, you know."
"Thank you," Miranda nodded, "Though, you've been avoiding me today though."
"I've had a lot on my mind," Medo told her, "I promise not to avoid you tonight though."
"You're worried about taking Massimaferro's job?" Miranda wondered, "Or about something else?"
"A number of things," Medo sighed, not wanting to broach the subject, "That's one of them, but not the biggest one."
"Iggy gave you instructions this morning, didn't he?" Miranda said, looking at the bit of pain showing from his eyes, "About me?"
"Figured that out, did you?" Medo said, nodding, "I should have known you would."
"I've got Stacy as a reminder," Miranda chuckled, "But it's ok.   We'll worry about that if the time comes."
"You won't hold it against me if I have to choose you?" Medoferro asked her.
"Only if you don't choose me for other things first," Miranda smiled, "I'll settle for a nice romantic dinner with you, if you're willing of course."
"It would by my pleasure, fair lady," Medoferro said, laying on a bit of charm, "No finer…"
"Enough of that horseshit," Miranda smirked, "If I wanted to have dinner with a Mullinix I could have stayed in Mullinix Centre and had dinner with Insegniferro.   I'd rather have dinner with the very nice boy I met in a pub, remember him?"
"I think I do," Medo nodded, "I think I see why everyone was pushing me back to you."
"Really?" Miranda wondered, "Why?"
"Because you're one of the few that still sees me as Copeland," Medo told her, "Not as what I've had to become."
Miranda reached across the table and placed her hand out for him to take.  He took her hand in his and smiled as he held on to it, looking in her eyes.   It felt good for him to be with someone who did see him that way, and who could exude it in her emotions and with the power she herself projected.
"And what do you think of that?" Miranda wondered, enjoying the touch, "I mean, you could have any of those pretty girls at the palace…"
"It isn't the same," Medoferro told her, "Not by a long shot.   I get more just out of touching your hand like this, than I do from a whole night with them."
"Don't let Marina hear you say that," Miranda chuckled, "But it's nice to hear you say."
"I'm sure Stacy has told you about Marina," Medoferro said, "Ever since the old man woke that ability in me, I see more than I care to at times."
"And what do you see now?" Miranda wondered, "Anything good?"
"Plenty good," Medoferro smiled, "More good than I can express."
The sentiment was there and continued with a lot of handholding and eye contact.  Mrs. Seville came out with the food quietly and placed it on the table, careful to leave the room for their hands.  The smell of the food soon overwhelmed their urge to hold on to each other's hands.
"It all looks so good," Medoferro said, "Is this all for us?"
"You got it," Miranda grinned, "Let's eat, shall we?"
They dug into the food, tearing into it together and just diving into it with gusto.  It was several minutes of straight eating before they managed to slow down enough to talk.  The food was just good enough that there was no way for words to come through until they'd eaten quite a bit.
"Don't tell the cooks at the palace," Medo said finally, "But I think this might be the best meal I've had in my life."
"She is very good at this," Miranda grinned, spearing a meatball and feeding it to Medoferro across the table, "I've had her food before, but not enjoying it as much as I am now."
Medoferro ate the meatball and smiled at the girl across the table.  This mood continued until they finished the dinner and were all well and full, leaning back into their chairs and gamely eating a little of the rich dessert, enjoying the taste but too full to get it all down.
"I can't remember the last time that I was this full," Medoferro said, "This has been a phenomenal meal, Miranda."
"Be sure to thank Toria later," Miranda smiled, "She's the one who put it together."
"Yes," Medoferro nodded, "But you're the one that made it so nice."
"You are in serious danger of being really sappy," Miranda chuckled, "But I like the compliment."
"I see you enjoyed the meal," Mrs. Seville said, "Is there anything else I can do for you?"
"No thank you, ma'am," Medoferro said, "It was wonderful."
"I hate to ask it," Mrs. Seville said, "But would you mind terribly if I took a picture to show you were here?"
"Not at all," Medo said graciously, "It is the least I can do after such a fine meal."
"I'll take it if you like, Mrs. Seville," Miranda offered.
"Johnny can do that," Mrs. Seville told her, "Come on and be in the picture."
The three of them took positions in front of the table and Mr. Seville came out and snapped a photo of the young Mullinix.  Medoferro shook his head at the display, but took it gracefully.  
"Thank you, Mullinix," Mrs. Seville said, offering a hand, "Please come back anytime."
"For a meal like that," Medo smiled, "Of course I will."
"Come on," Miranda said, "After a meal like that I need some fresh air.  How about you?"
"Sounds like a plan to me," Medoferro agreed, "Where do you want to go?"
"There's a grove just out back here," Miranda said, "It's a beautiful night and you can see the moonlight out there.  Sound good to you?"
"Just so long as the company is just as nice," Medoferro told her.
"I'd like to think so," Miranda smiled, offering her arm to the young Mullinix.
"Let's go then," Medoferro agreed as he graciously took it, "I'm all for a good walk in the country."
"I think that can be arranged," Miranda told him as she pushed up against him, "Let's go."

Chapter 85 - Of Cards and Representatives

"Ok," Simon said, "There is no way in hell you dealt yourself a full house, Stacy."
"Then play your cards accordingly," Stacy told him, "I’ll be glad to take your money."
"I fold," Roland grumbled, "You in or out on this one, Toria?"
"I’m out," Toria said, "My mind isn’t on the game anyway."
"Massy?" Roland asked her.
"Yeah," Toria nodded, "He’s sleeping peacefully now, but his vitals aren’t doing so hot."
"Not being delirious is a good sign, isn’t it?" Stacy asked her, "I mean he looks better."
"That’s would be a good thing if it wasn’t so damn quick," Toria said, "I’m wondering if it is the calm before the storm.  He isn’t even in REM sleep right now.  He’s just out."
"There isn’t anything else you can do right?" Roland asked her, "I mean I heard you talk all that medical mumbo jumbo with the other Medicos in Skolnik."
"I’m doing all I can," Toria agreed, "It’s just maddening.   After all my years as a Medico I still find the hardest thing for me to do is to sit and wait.  I don’t know if he’s getting better or worse and there’s nothing I can do but watch."
"Sure there is," Simon told her, "You can play your cards along with the rest of us."
"I think Medo and Miranda have a better idea," Stacy said, "I wonder how they’re doing."
"I don’t think you need to worry about them," Simon grinned, "He’s wanted to be with her since the moment they met."
"Same for her," Stacy confirmed, "I doubt we’ll see them again tonight."
"We’d better not," Toria chuckled, picking up her cards, "I told Miranda I wouldn’t forgive her if I saw either of them again before midnight."
"Well since there’s nothing you can do," Roland said, "Play your hand, Toria."
"Very well," she said, "One card please…"

Chapter 86 - Copeland and Miranda

"This is really beautiful country, isn't it?" Medoferro asked Miranda as they walked, "Not like the bustle of Skolnik at all."
"It's a great place to walk around," Miranda agreed, "Not so good if you're looking for something to do."
"I'm sure you find things to do here," Medo said, "Walking isn't enough?"
"Not all the time," Miranda chuckled, "There are other things though."
She looked up at him and smiled, pushing a little closer against him.   He held on to her, desperately wanting to be close to her.  He still had a few worries though, and it didn't take the power that Medoferro had to see them.   She leaned against him and wondered what to do about it.
"You're still worrying," Miranda chided him a little, "About the positions?"
"Yeah," Medo agreed, "Much as I try to put it out of my head, it keeps coming back.  Just hearing the name that I am called now…"
"I was having some worries about that when my sister put this together," Miranda told him, "You want to know what she told me?"
"Sure," Medo nodded, "Should be interesting."
"She said that it was better to try and fail," Miranda smiled and chuckled, "Rather than to wonder what would have happened if we'd followed our hearts."
"And what does your heart say?" Medo asked her.
"Much the same yours does," Miranda said, looking into his eyes, "And it doesn't take any special power for me to see that."
"I don't feel right," Medo said, "Knowing what I may have to do to you…"
"Then don't think about it," Miranda said, touching his cheek, "You aren't Medoferro to me right now.  If that happens, then it will be Medoferro's doing."
"Yes," Medo said, "But I am Medoferro."
"Not tonight," Miranda smiled, "Tonight you are Copeland Steele.  The empire can go screw itself tonight, Copeland.  I'm claiming you for myself, provided you are willing to do the same for me."
"I'd almost forgotten what it was like to hear my own name," Medo said, smiling, "Of course you can claim me, Miranda.  For anything you'd like to claim me for."
She smiled and pulled him closer to her and kissed him slowly.  They had both been through this part of it a few times before with other people, but this first kiss for them had a new meaning.   For the first time, they both found exactly what they were looking for.
"You…" Miranda said, giggling a little, "Are a wonderful kisser, Copeland."
"Mmmhmm," Medoferro nodded, "Helps when you have the right partner."
They kissed again, deeper this time, getting more into it and pulling each other tight against each other.   The barriers that each of them had erected mentally for their own protection were quickly falling, just as though they were for each other.
"We stay out here," Medo said as they came up for air, "We're going to get caught sure as hell…"
"Or at least interrupted," Miranda agreed, licking her lips and smiling at him, "I've got an idea.  Follow me!"
Miranda pulled Medoferro by the hand and they jogged towards an average size building towards the back of Toria's property.  It looked like little more than a well-built shed, but there was a little bit of steam coming out of a pipe on top.  Medoferro looked at it and wondered what Miranda was up to.
"What is this?" Medo asked her.
"The old Medico that Toria took over for was a big believer of steam healing," Miranda explained, "This pool house is where he practiced that belief.   Come on in!"
Miranda opened the door and Medoferro was surprised with what he found inside.  The outside had never been taken care of, but the inside was a medium sized pool area and to the left was a decent sized steam room.  For some reason it was still hot, as there was steam seeping out the cracks from the doors.
"You're kidding," Medoferro said, surprised, "And this is left this way all the time?"
"There's a hot spring in the back," Miranda explained, "It provides the steam for the steam room.   One end of the pool has a metal side, conducting the heat over to the still pool.  You can go to whichever side you want for as much heat as you want."
"It's beautiful Miranda," Medoferro said, very impressed, "How much maintenance does it take?"
"Very little," Miranda said, "A little cleaning and some chlorine tabs to keep the water fresh.  Most of it takes care of itself."
"Nice," Medoferro said, looking around, "Wish we could do something like this at the palace."
"Mullinix Centre doesn't have hot springs," Miranda grinned, "Besides, if you had this there you'd never leave."
"And there's a better reason to get one how?" Medo chuckled.
"Want to go in?" Miranda asked him, "The water is usually beautiful this time of night."
"I didn't bring a suit," Medo said, smiling at her, "And unless you're hiding it somewhere neither did you."
"No one will come out here this late," Miranda said, gazing at him demurely, "I'm willing to be brave if you are, Copeland."
"Nothing ventured," Medo said, cocking an eyebrow, "Nothing gained."
Miranda smiled and decided that if she was going to go for it, the time was now.  She pulled up the dress she was wearing and pulled it up over her head and took it off.  She tossed it aside and looked at Medoferro, now dressed in only her underwear.  She motioned for him to follow.
Medoferro chuckled and removed his shirt, tossing it on the same bench she had used.   Seeing that he was following along, she went the rest of the way and took off her underwear, tossing it on the bench before walking down into the water in the nude.  Medoferro followed quickly, removing the remains of his clothes and slipping down into the warm water.
"Feels good against the skin, doesn't it?" Miranda giggled as she watched him.
"Why do I get the feeling you've done this before?" Medo grinned, taking her in, "Not that I mind of course…"
"Not the first time I've been in here naked," Miranda admitted, "First time with a guy, though."
"I'm honored," Medo said, meaning it, "You look ravishing wet and naked too."
"Thanks," Miranda smiled, "You don't have to stay all the way over there though."
Medoferro moved closer to her and met her in the middle of the larger part of the pool.   Their hands touched quickly, though the nerves were still there a little bit, as they were not quite certain how to go about it yet, despite past experiences they'd both had.
"We've come this far and I'm still nervous," Miranda chuckled a little, "Isn't that a hoot?"
"My heart is pounding as well," Medo told her, "I couldn't have pictured anything this perfect."
"You really mean that?" Miranda said, looking at him, "I mean, it's just little me here…"
"There isn't anything that is little about the way I feel with you," Medo told her, "I mean, there just is no way to describe it, but if you feel even a portion of what I see..."
"Can you really see how I'm feeling?" Miranda wondered, "I mean, it's ok if you can…"
"It's not really your feelings," Medo said, trying to figure out how to explain it, "It's the way you project.  Everyone does it, and it affects the power around you.  I can't tell what you feel, but I can see you projecting towards me.  I see the same thing at times when Simon looks at the girls at the palace or when any man is attracted to a woman."
"So we affect the things around us?" Miranda said, "That explains a little."
"It's an interesting ability," Medo said, "But it has a down side too.  It killed a lot of the enjoyment of my time with Marina."
"How so?" Miranda asked him, pulling Medo over to an area where they could sit down together and be mostly under water, "Not that it's my business or anything."
Medo smiled and kissed her softly and put his arm around her before answering.
"It's ok," he told her, "If you're interested, I'll be glad to tell you."
Miranda merely nodded, smiling at his touch.
"Marina is like an emotional black hole," Medo said, "She's pleasant to be around, but she doesn't project anything at all.  It's a bit maddening, truth be told."
"I wish I could see what you were talking about," Miranda smiled, feeling a little better by this, "It sounds nice."
"Well," Medo said, "I may be able to show you a little if you're willing to work with me."
"I'd love to see it," Miranda nodded, "What do I have to do?"
"Just sit back and watch," Medoferro said, "And pray I do this right."
"Don't hurt yourself," Miranda cautioned, "It isn't worth that."
"It's not me I'm worried about, hon," Medo chuckled, "If anything starts getting too warm, let me know."
"You got it," Miranda said, wondering what he was going to do.
Medoferro pulled back from her and looked at the power lines on her.  He brought up his hands and just pulled a little bit of power.  His mind worked quickly at it and basically illuminated the lines of power as they moved around.   Miranda gasped as she saw what he was doing, illuminating the lines of power as they moved around.
"It's so beautiful," Miranda said as she touched the power lines, "Do you see this all the time?"
"I don't see them quite the same way," Medo explained, still feeding a low bit of power into it, "It's just there, something that is as natural for me as looking at you.  I can block it out if I need to, but it is sometimes very helpful and is usually there."
"I can imagine that if you're able to see that making love with someone who didn't have the ability to project would be difficult," Miranda said, "And I project like that to you?"
"Very much so," Medo told her, touching her cheek with his hand, "But you didn't need that image to know that."
"No," Miranda admitted, putting her hand over his, "But seeing it helps."
Medo let the power fall away and approached her again.  There was little left to hide, so he went in for a deep kiss.   She was certainly willing for him to come closer, as she pulled him tightly against her, touching each other under the warm water.  He ran his fingers down her back as she wrapped her arms around him.
"It would be a shame to let this situation go to waste," Miranda said quietly, "Wouldn't it, Copeland?"
"It would," Medo agreed, looking in her eyes, "If you want to do what I want to…"
"Absolutely," Miranda nodded softly, nibbling her lip, "I want you, Copeland, nothing else."
That was all he needed to hear as he pulled her close to him and the need they both felt for each other took over as they slowly began making love together in the warm pool, losing all track of everything but the needs they felt for each other and the pleasure that being together could give.

Chapter 87 - Code Blue

"It's nearly midnight and no sign of Medo and Miranda," Simon said, "This is a good thing, I think."
"Glad someone is having a better night than I am," Roland said, "You three have cleaned me out."
"Eh," Stacy shrugged, "It was all in good fun, Roland."
"True," Roland said, "Most fun I had losing my shirt in ages."
"How is he looking, Toria?" Simon asked her, "You've been staring at him and taking vital signs for an hour now."
"His signs are going down," Toria said, "His pressure is dropping as well as his pulse.  I think I might be losing him."
"I hope not," Roland said, "But you've done all you can."
"We just need to watch him closely for a while," Stacy said, "When is the last time you slept, Toria?"
"I caught a nap just before you came in," Toria chuckled, "I just don't want to leave him like this."
"You won't do him any good if you're half-dead, Toria," Roland told her, "You've done your best.  Sleep a little."
"I guess you're right," Toria sighed, "I just don't want to go away until Medo and Miranda come back."
"If we were right on them," Stacy said, "They may not come back tonight.  Those beds out in the ward are actually pretty comfortable.   We'll watch him all night and if anything happens we'll wake you."
"I…" Toria said than sighed, "Ok, you're right.  I'll get some sleep now."
Toria headed over to the door and was about to plunk herself down on one of the beds when she heard a gasp.  She was up like a shot and back into the room.  Massimaferro began going into a seizure.  Stacy was trying to hold on to Massimaferro and keep him from hurting himself, but Simon and Roland were clueless as to what to do.
"On the third shelf on the far left bookcase in my workroom," Toria instructed Simon, "There's a package of syringes.   Get them.  Quick!"
"On it!" Simon exclaimed and ran out of the room.
"Anything I can do?" Roland asked.
"Keep his chest steady so I can check him," Toria ordered, "Help Stacy."
Roland did as he was told and went over to hold him down.   Toria listened to the Mullinix's heartbeat and knew that he was going into arrest.   She started a heart massage and yelled for Simon to hurry up with the needles.
"He's going into cardiac arrest," Toria exclaimed, "I'm going to have to do CPR.  I need you two to hold him down so I can do it."
"I've got this arm," Stacy said, "You got him on that side, Roland?"
"As best I can," Roland said, "He's fighting me."
"His body doesn't know what it's doing anymore," Toria grunted, "Simon!"
"I'm here," he said, bringing in the bag, "I didn't know which one you wanted so I brought them all."
"Give me the purple one," Toria told him, glad for his thoughtfulness, "There's an intubation device in there, long pipe thing that is attached to a rubber squeeze device."
"Here it is," Simon said, handing it to Toria, "What can I do?"
"Bring the bags over here and get behind them," Toria instructed him, "You're going to squeeze this ball when I intubate him.  Got it?"
"Anything you say," Simon told her, following instructions.
Toria pushed the device down Massimaferro's throat and pushed on it a few times to get some air down there.  She showed Simon quickly how to operate it and then moved to his chest.
"When I tell you," Toria told him, "Push on the ball three times, and then let me do chest compressions again."
Simon nodded and she started the series of compressions.  She pushed a few times and then nodded at Simon to hit the ball while she rested for a minute.   While Simon was pushing on the ball she opened another one of the bags to get out a needle of adrenalin, knowing that that might become a last ditch effort.
"Stop," Toria told him and started pushing again, "Live!  You can't give up on us now!"
"Come on Massy," Roland said, "You can do it."
"Don't do this to Medo," Simon said, "Come on guy, you can make it!"
Stacy and Toria said nothing as they continued to work.   Stacy was having a hell of a time just holding on to Massy's arm, as he was convulsing so heavily now.   He'd almost broken the tube with his teeth as Toria stopped compressions and tried to listen to his heartbeat, which was still badly erratic.
"Goddamn it," Toria said, "I'm not going to let you go that easy, not when it will cost my sister her freedom.  Live you son of a bitch!"
Toria, some tears welling in her eyes, but determination winning out as she continued.  She reached for the adrenalin needle and jammed it into his chest, releasing the contents into Massimaferro's weakening heart to try to jolt it back to life.  Massimaferro's shuddering continued as the adrenalin surged in his system, but it didn't have the desired effect.
"Come on!" Toria yelled, "Live!"
Unfortunately, Toria was losing the fight.  Massimaferro's body had been racked too heavily by the allergic reactions to fight any further.  His heart, unknown to everyone, had not been in the best of shape before and was giving out under the strain.  Toria kept fighting, however, doing her best to keep the Mullinix alive.
Eventually, though, Stacy and Roland stopped holding on to Massimaferro's arms as they stopped fighting.  Simon kept doing what he was told, but it was apparent that the tide had turned, and the war was quickly being lost.  It took another fifteen minutes of trying before Roland decided it was time to stop Toria.
"He's gone, Toria," Roland said quietly, stopping her as she went for another needle, "He has been down too long."
"Oh gods," Toria said, crying a little, "I'm sorry.  So sorry."
"You have nothing to apologize for," Stacy said quietly, pulling Toria from her position on top of Massimaferro, "You worked as hard as any Medico could to save him.  It wasn't your fault he was too far gone to be saved."
"What do we tell them?" Toria said, "How?"
"We don't right now," Simon said, "Medo and Miranda are still out.  I, for one, am not going to interrupt them to tell them this."
"He's right," Stacy said, "There's no need to ruin their night."
"Especially considering what's going to happen next," Roland said, "I agree, let them enjoy each other without having this hanging over their heads."
"I need to prepare the body," Toria said, sighing, "It's the least I can do."
"I'll help," Stacy offered, "They can keep watch for Medo and Miranda while we do it."
"Ok," Toria nodded, "I hate this part of my job…"
"You think you've got it bad?" Simon said, "Medo and Miranda are the ones who are really screwed now."
There was a general murmur of agreement as they all went along to do the things they needed to do in the wake of the death of a Mullinix.

Chapter 88 - So Much For The Afterglow

Medoferro and Miranda cuddled together in the shallow end of the pool, letting the cooler water there help cool them off after the physical exertion.  Both of them were smiling and kissing softly as they looked up through the skylight at the moon.  Medoferro ran his fingers through her dark, wet hair and smiled.
"That was amazing," Miranda said, "It was a feeling of just being all in one with you."
"I know," Medo agreed softly, "Something I've never felt before, I can tell you that.  I wouldn't trade that feeling for all the pretty girls in the palace."
"I guess I'm pretty enough for you, huh?" Miranda said, grinning.
"They're the pretty ones," Medo told her, "You're simply beautiful."
"Still the charmer," Miranda giggled, "Simon must have been giving you lessons."
"Too bad we can't stay here all night," Medoferro sighed, "But you know they will start looking for us eventually."
"Probably so," Miranda sighed, "I don't want to let you go though."
"I don't see why you'd have to," Medoferro told her, "Not tonight at any rate.  Your sister is the one who pushed us together.  You think she will balk if we decide to sleep in your room?"
"You want to stay with me then?" Miranda asked hopefully.
"As long as I can," Medo confirmed, "Let's get dressed, go check on Massy and then go get some sleep."
"Sounds like a plan to me," Miranda agreed, "So long as I wake up with you there."
"I'll be nearby if nothing else," Medo promised, "Let's get dressed."
Miranda grudgingly got out of the pool and went to put on some clothing.  Medo did the same, admiring Miranda's form as she did so.  She noticed him looking and smiled, liking the fact that he enjoyed watching her.  When they were dressed they stood up and walked right back to each other.
"Should we be demure and make them wonder or should we just go back hand in hand?" Medo asked her, "It's your choice."
"I want you to hold my hand," Miranda grinned, "Much more than I care about making them wonder."
"There you go," Medo said, offering a hand, "Let's go see what's going on."
They walked together hand in hand back toward Toria's house.  Medo was a little concerned by the amount of lights on in the place, but didn't let Miranda in on his fears.  It wasn't until they walked in the door together and saw Roland and Simon waiting for them that he knew something was wrong.
"What are you two still doing up?" Miranda asked them, "It's late isn't it…"
Medoferro put a finger on her lips and looked at the dour faces on his friends.  He didn't need them to say a word to know something was wrong.  Medoferro closed his eyes for a moment and prepared himself for the news that he knew was about to come.
"He didn't make it, Medo," Simon said, looking his friend in the eye, "Toria fought like a demon at the end, but his heart couldn't take the damage."
"Oh my," Miranda said, looking up at Medo, "No…"
"When did it happen?" Medo asked him, "Did he feel anything?"
"A couple hours ago," Roland told them, "He never woke up again, merely went into convulsions and cardiac arrest."
"While we were…" Miranda said, her eyes tearing as she looked at Medo, "It just isn't fair…  We were…  While he was…"
Miranda started crying softly, while Medoferro pulled her against him, letting her cry on his shoulder.  He was still too shell shocked to quite know what to do yet.
"It would have happened anyway," Roland told them, "We didn't see any reason to destroy your evening totally."
"Thank you for that," Medoferro told him, his eyes showing a sincere thank you, "I need to see him."
"Toria and Stacy have been preparing the body," Simon said, "They should be about done now."
"You don't have to go," Medo told Miranda, "But I have to see…"
"I'm going," Miranda said, putting a little iron in her voice, "I'm staying with you."
"Ok," Medoferro nodded, "Let's go."
Medoferro walked into the room where Toria and Stacy were performing the necessary rituals for corpse preparation.  Aside from the pale pallor and the complete lack of movement Massimaferro could have been sleeping.   His dark, gray streaked hair was combed back in a dignified manner, befitting the station he held in life.
"I tried," Toria said, sadly, "Even kept going when there was no hope…"
"You did all you could," Medo said, looking at the body, "That's all I could ask."
"Is there anything I can do?" Stacy asked them, "Anything at all?"
"Find an operator," Medo said, looking around, "Have the line warmed up.  I will have to inform Insegniferro soon."
"You got it," Stacy said, "It'll be ready when you are."
"We need to talk," Medo told Miranda, "Right now."
"I'll leave," Toria said, "You two need to be alone."
"You don't have to go," Medo told her, "Since her future plans included you, you might as well be present."
"I'm about to become a Mullinix, hmm?" Miranda asked him, looking into his eyes.
"Only if you want to," Medoferro said, "I will not do to you what was done to me."
"I'm torn," Miranda said, "I don't want to do the job you're now going to have to, but I know that you don't either."
Toria watched, feeling that she shouldn't be involved with this discussion.  Medoferro didn't like having to be the one to put her in this place, but with Massimaferro's untimely death it was now his job.  He just wished that the choice would be an easier one.
"Sis," Toria said, "Don't worry about me in this.  This is an opportunity you want to think hard about."
"I don't know what to think," Miranda said, sighing, "I mean, a lot has happened tonight…"
"Maybe we should take a walk together," Medo told her, "I need to head up to the government house anyway."
Miranda nodded and then looked at her sister.  She was torn between the life she thought she'd live and the life that was being pushed upon her.  She just knew that she couldn't think about it sitting in the same room as the dead man that she was being asked to help replace.
"Sis," Miranda said as she stood up, "Could I talk to you a minute before I go with him?"
"Sure," Toria agreed, "Let's go to my office."
"I'll wait outside," Medo nodded, "Come get me when you're ready."
Miranda and Toria went into her office, where Toria poured a little bit of tea.  Miranda took it and drank, though her hands were still shaking.  Toria smiled at her sister and looked her over, noticing for the first time how disheveled she was.
"I see you had a good night," Toria said, "At least up until now."
"It's been magical," Miranda said, biting her lip, "I'm just wondering if this is the cosmic price for having a night this good."
"You love him, don't you?" Toria said.
"I think so," Miranda agreed, "But I don't want to take this position just because of that, you know?"
"That had nothing to do with them choosing you," Toria said, "You were in consideration before you and he slept together.  You both knew this was a possibility before then."
"But I don't…" Miranda started and then stopped, "I'm starting to whine."
"Medoferro feels the same way about you," Toria reminded her, "He's probably just as torn as you are in reverse."
"How so?" Miranda asked her.
"Since he feels the same way for you as you do for him," Toria said, "Do you think he'd wish this job on someone he loves?  But then there's the selfishness factor… He doesn't want to let you go either."
"Would you be mad if I took it?" Miranda asked her, "I mean all those years we planned…"
"Plans are made to be broken, honey," Toria smiled, "It's not like you're running off to join the circus.  I know I'd be proud to have you in there.  That palace could use a feminine touch in the ruling circle anyway."
"I'm going to go talk to him about it," Miranda sighed, "You'll know when I know."
"I'll be here for you either way," Toria told her, getting up to hug her sister, "I think you'll be great at whatever you do."
"Thanks," Miranda said, "Time to go face the music."
Miranda walked out and found Medo and Simon sitting out in the dark.  The three of them looked at each other for a few minutes before any of them had the urge to speak.  It was finally Simon who ended up breaking the ice out there.
"Who would have thought," Simon said, looking at them, "That before the term ended we'd all be embroiled in this mess."
"She's not officially yet," Medoferro said, "Unless you've made a decision."
"I wanted to talk to you first," Miranda said, "Mind giving us a few minutes alone, Simon?"
"No problem," Simon nodded, "I will go up and see if the line is ready."
Medoferro and Miranda looked at each other for a minute.  Neither one had any idea on what to say.  Medo offered a hand and she took it, letting out a breath as she did so.  The thing that had seemed just an idle possibility but a few hours before had turned into a fully fledged piece of bitter reality.
"Let's walk," Medo told her, "We need to talk."
"I don't know what to do, Medo," Miranda told him, "I don't."
"I know that feeling," Medo said, "In fact, I had this conversation from the other side six months ago."
"With Massy?" Miranda asked him.
"That day I was pulled from class," Medo told her, "We walked through the crypts and we talked about what my being chosen meant."
"He must have talked well," Miranda chuckled, "Seeing as you're here."
"Despite my feelings," Medo said, "I think you'll do well at it, if you will agree to do it."
"I'm more thinking about what will change with us," Miranda sighed, "I mean me being a nobody and us sleeping together on the side…"
"You have never been a nobody to me," Medo said, "You could never be."
"Part of me is screaming 'Run Away!'" Miranda said, "While the other part is telling me to go with you, just to be with you."
"Don't just do it for me," Medo said, "I'm not worth it and don't want it on my head for the reason."
"So what do you suggest?" Miranda asked him.
"Back when I took that walk Massimaferro said something to me that made all the difference," Medo told her as they walked, "He told me that as much as I didn't want to do it, to ask myself if I would wish it on someone else.  You know who that someone else would have been, right?"
"Me," Miranda said, "You took it so I didn't have to."
"I took it because they chose me," Medo said, "I don't know what to tell you, Miranda.  I'm torn too.  Part of me is saying to tell you to run like hell.  But that won't solve the issue."
"Since we both are deluding ourselves that I'm qualified," Miranda said, "Let me ask you this…  If I do agree, will I at least get a fringe benefit out of it?"
"What do you want?" Medo asked her.
"Just you," Miranda smiled, "With at least a few more nights like the first part of this one?"
"You'd do this just to keep me?" Medo asked her, wondering.
"Wouldn't you?" Miranda asked him, holding her breath for a moment.
"In a heartbeat," Medo said, taking her hand, "But are you sure?"
"As much as I will ever be," Miranda said, "Now let's go make it official before I can change my mind."
Medoferro laughed and took her arm as they walked up the hill to the government house.  While they were walking, Miranda had a quick brainstorm and decided to ask him a question.
"Do I get to choose my personal rep?" Miranda asked him, "And what are the rules for doing so?"
"I chose Simon," Medo said, "Who are you thinking of?"
"Stacy," Miranda said, "Might as well bring all four of us in here.   She's the only one other than my sister I'd trust, and Toria is needed more here."
"We'll put it to Iggy," Medo shrugged, "Unless there are some rules about it I don't know about there should be no problem, provided she's willing."
"Good," Miranda said, "Let's get this over with."
"The operator is nowhere to be found," Simon shouted to Medo and Miranda, "But Stacy is getting it running and looking for the code book."
"Thanks," Medo said as they approached, "Last chance to back out, Miranda."
"You've got your goat," Miranda said, "I guess I don't get to escape after all."
"Welcome aboard," Simon said, hugging her, "Wish it could be under better circumstances."
"So do I," Medo nodded, "Let's go get this over with."
Miranda and Medoferro walked into the government house and went over to where Stacy was standing.  She opened the door and offered them both seats.  Miranda balked initially, but Medoferro insisted that she stay.
"I've got it running," Stacy said, "When I close the door it should connect to Skolnik.  I can't find the damned codebooks in this mess, but they should be able to get you where you need to go.  Need anything else?"
"A stiff drink?" Miranda said, letting off a nervous chuckle.
"You'll be fine, Mir," Stacy promised, "Good luck, guys."
Stacy closed the door and the line equipment came alive.  Medoferro sat against the wall and Miranda scooted over next to him as they waited for the Skolnik line operator to come on to the device.  
"Skolnik line," the operator at the other end, "Something going on up there, Charlie?  Don't usually get you calling this time of night."
"Charlie is off somewhere," Medoferro said, "This is Mullinix Medoferro here on the line.  I need to get a line to the palace."
"I need the code sir," the operator said, trying to stay in protocol, "I can't make…"
"You can make a connection," Medoferro said, then remembered Insegniferro's code for the first leg, "Medoferro operation seven."
"Y-yes sir!" the voice said, "hold one moment please."
It was nearly a minute later that the duty line operator at the palace in Mullinix centre came on to the line.   A young voice answered and again asked Medoferro for the codes that he didn't have.
"I don't have the codes," Medoferro said testily, "The operator up here is missing and I was never trained how to use these damn things."
"Calm down, Medo," Miranda said, "Yelling won't help."
"Listen to me," Medoferro told the young man, "I need to talk to Insegniferro now.   Walk your ass upstairs and get him, even if you have to drag his ass on the carpet."
"I cannot do that without the codes sir," the young man said again.
Medoferro was about ready to blow his top and start yelling when Miranda placed her hand on his shoulder and decided to try to defuse the situation by doing a workaround.
"Are there any of the house staff members around outside?" Miranda asked him.
"Identify yourself please," the operator said.
"Miranda Studebaker," she said, "Now can you answer my question please?"
"I saw Marina before I came in," the operator said hesitantly, "What do you want me to do?"
"Get Marina in here to identify us," Miranda suggested, "Please?"
"Ok," the operator said, "Hold on."
"I swear there's something about your voice," Medo said, shaking his head.
"You're just aggravated," Miranda grinned, "That's all."
"All my blood has gone somewhere else," Medo chuckled, stopping when the light turned back on.
"Medo?" Marina's voice said over the box, "Is that you?"
"It's me," Medo told her, glad to hear a familiar voice, "I need you to go wake up Iggy."
"What for?" Marina asked him, "It took us a while to just get him to sleep."
"I don't want to repeat it a dozen times," Medo said, "Trust me, I wouldn't be walking him up if it weren't important."
"Massy," Marina sighed, "Ok.  I'll have him in a minute."
It was closer to three before the light went back on.  Insegniferro's voice was a bit rough, but he was awake enough to realize that Medoferro wouldn't have contacted him this late at night without reason.   He cut right to the chase.
"Massimaferro?" Insegniferro asked.
"He didn't make it, Iggy," Medo told him, "Roland and Simon said that Toria fought the fight as hard as she could, but his heart couldn't take it."
"Damn it," Insegniferro said quietly, "When?"
"A couple hours ago," Medo said, "They didn't tell us until we came back in on our own."
"Us?" Insegniferro said, "Is Miranda there with you?"
"I'm here," Miranda said, "Medo and I were out taking a break from his duties when it happened."
"Good," Iggy said, "Has Medo explained what we need?"
"Yeah," Miranda said softly, "He said that it was my turn."
"I applaud you, Medo," Iggy told him, "I doubt I could have found it in my heart to tell her."
"There are a couple complications though," Medo said, "You see, before we found out…"
"Your personal relationship is your business," Iggy told them, "You're legally barred from being married.  There's no law against you being a couple."
"That was painless," Miranda said, "So what do we do now?"
Suddenly, someone started knocking on the door.   Miranda volunteered to go out and find out what they needed.  Insegniferro inquired a little more about what they knew about the circumstances of Massimaferro's death.
"Do you know anything new about what happened?" Insegniferro asked Medo, "Or is Coblein still on the loose?"
"He's turned into a rather hard to catch individual," Medoferro said, "Suvorov is still leading people in the search."
 "Not anymore," Miranda said as she came in, "The search party just came back.  They found him hiding in an old mining camp two miles north of here."
"Good," Medo said, "Maybe we'll get a handle on what the hell is causing all of this."
"Go ahead and question him," Iggy told him, "I've got to let the palace staff know."
"What about the legal requirements?" Medo asked, "The choosing and the ceremony?"
"Well," Iggy said, "We've chosen.   Welcome Miranda, or shall I just go ahead and start calling you Trinaferro?"
"Trinaferro?" Miranda said, "I guess I can live with that.  What does it mean?"
"Third Iron," Iggy said, "You're the third chosen really quickly.  I don't have time to come up with anything better."
"I like it," Medo said, "Easily cuts down to Trina."
"That's the main requirement," Iggy said, "We can worry about the ceremony after you talk to Coblein.  Maybe we can figure out some way to handle this properly."
"Keep the line open," Medo said, "We'll be back when we have more information."
"I'm clueless," Miranda said, "But I'll follow Medo, since his nerves are frayed."
"Call me in the morning," Iggy said, "Get some sleep before you call me.  There will be nothing we can do until we're rested anyway."

Chapter 89 - Lingering questions

"What condition is he in?" Medoferro asked Suvorov as they went to the guard cell that Coblein was being held in, "Can he talk?"
"Hard as it was we left him alone," Suvorov told him, "Luckily we hadn't heard about Massimaferro's death yet."
"How are we going to handle this?" Simon asked them, "I've never been involved with questioning."
"We can do it," Suvorov said, "I've been trained in this…"
"I'll do it," Medoferro said, his eyes looking forward in a cold stare, "I can tell things you can't."
"I'm going in with you," Miranda said, "Someone has to keep you calm."
"Me too," Suvorov said, "We don't know how dangerous he is…"
"You'll intimidate him," Medoferro said, "I don't want that yet.  Trin, if you come in let me handle it.  I have an idea on how to do it."
"Trin?" Simon said, "They name you in there?"
"Trinaferro," Miranda told them, "So start on it gently, please and understand if I don't respond."
"I swear they come up with the weirdest names," Suvorov chuckled, "Ok, do your worst guys."
"One question," Medo said, "Does he know about Massimaferro yet?"
"Not by us," Suvorov said, "I only just found out.  Most of the boys only know he's been sick and that our friend here is the cause."
"Good," Medo said, "I want to see his reaction."
"You don't think he meant to kill Massy do you," Miranda/Trinaferro said to him.
"If they were trying to kill him they would have used a more direct method," Medo said, "They wanted something else.  I want to know what."
"I'd just like to know who 'they' is," Simon said, "It would be easier if we knew that."
"That's what I aim to find out," Medo said, "I'll yell if I need you."
Medoferro and Trinaferro walked in to the cell block, a solitary stone building designed for holding the one or two drunken idiots that the local guards dealt with occasionally.  Coblein didn't look so hot when they walked in and looked at him.  Coblein didn't even look up as they entered.
"I see they brought you back in one piece," Medoferro said, "Though you don't look as though you've eaten since you left."
"What do you want, Medoferro?" Coblein asked, "To soften me up before you send in the goons on me?"
"No goons, Ari," Medo said, opening the cell door, "Just us."
"I was expecting people with more authority," Coblein grunted, "I guess I don't rate that high."
"Thanks to your trick with mellemaic there aren't many people with more authority than us now," Medoferro told him, "What have you got to say for yourself?"
"Great," Coblein said, "Fuck both of you.  I'm up for assault.  Give me my lashes and get me out of here."
Medoferro looked at Trinaferro and couldn't help smiling a little.  Coblein definitely didn't know the effects of what he had done yet.  He pulled a chair up so he could get a better look at the former Medico's face when he revealed the enormity of what happened.  Trinaferro stood behind Medo and put her hand on his shoulder, letting him take the lead.
"What makes you think you're up for simple assault?" Medoferro asked him, "And if that's the case, why did you run?"
"I ran because that bitch Toria figured out what I did," Coblein growled, "Would you take lashes willingly?"
Trinaferro's hand tightened on Medo's shoulder as the anger came through her.  Medo put his hand over hers and remained glad that she was keeping her council and letting him handle it.
"Why did you do it?" Medo asked him, figuring to try before he realized what he was in for, "Since we all know you did."
"Stick it, Medoferro," Coblein said defiantly, "I don't have to answer to a mere apprentice.  If Massimaferro is still too sick then send me back to Mullinix Centre."
"You don't know a thing about mellemaic?" Trinaferro asked him, "Do you?"
"Trin…" Medo said softly, gripping her hand, "I'll handle it."
"It causes some minor memory loss and a few other side effects," Coblein said, "It should not have done what it did to him."
"You obviously never read up on it then," Medoferro said, "Because if you did you'd know why it was pulled from use."
"I thought it was simply because there was something better," Coblein said, "It served my purpose.  Now get me to a real court."
"You see," Medoferro said, "Mellemaic has this nasty habit of causing allergic reactions."
"In twenty percent or more of the people who take it," Trinaferro put in.
"So that's what happened," Coblein said, "Figures."
"That's why I'm here instead of him," Medoferro said, still remaining calm, "You see, you have managed to do something that hasn't happened in centuries."
"What's that?" Coblein said, "Get the better of a Mullinix?"
"No," Medoferro said, letting his voice run cold, "Kill one."
"What?" Coblein said, his eyes going wide, "What are you talking about?  That shouldn't have killed him!"
"Perhaps I should introduce myself," Trinaferro said, "My name is now Trinaferro.  I'm the one who is stuck with this damned apprentice job because of your little stunt."
"You see," Medoferro told the now very pale medico, "I am the one you have to deal with now.   Massimaferro's heart gave out after fighting the allergic reaction.  He died a few hours ago."
"Oh gods," Coblein said, standing up and pacing in his cell, "I'm dead."
"Not yet," Medoferro said, "I want information."
"I can't," Coblein said, looking around desperately, "I'm dead…"
"You aren't dead until I pass judgment," Medoferro said, "I won't be doing that until I know for sure why you did it."
Coblein darted around the cell and looked for something, anything to help.  He saw that someone had left a quill pen over on the table, something that was usually safe as these cells were usually used as a drunk tank on the weekend.   Coblein, knowing his life was over decided to make it happen on his own terms and grabbed the pen.
Medo and Trina saw what he was about to do and stood up quickly.  Trinaferro went for the door while Medoferro decided to do something a bit more direct.  Coblein took the pen and was lunging it at his throat when Medoferro used a power control to grab hold of it.
"Get a key," Medo grunted as he pulled with forces, "Get in there, Trin!"
Trinaferro saw what Medo was doing and ran out to get someone with a key so that they could stop Coblein.  Medoferro continued his hold, despite the drain in power it was taking on him.  Rav Suvorov came running in holding the keys and opened it quickly.   He pulled the quill pen away from Ari Coblein and restrained him.
Medoferro dropped the hold on Coblein's arm and walked into the cell, using a bit of power to make his eyes glow a little to scare the hell out of the former medico.  Medo was in no mood to play around with Coblein, he intended to get the information.  Trinaferro saw what he was doing and closed the door so no one outside would see what Medo was about to do.
"That was stupid, Coblein," Medoferro said, "I'm not going to let you go that easily, you idiot."
"Oh gods," Coblein whined as he looked at Medoferro, "What are you?"
"The man who's really pissed that you put him in power," Medoferro said honestly, "Now.  I want to know who paid you to do this.   You obviously weren't up to doing it yourself."
"They'll kill my family," Coblein said almost crying, "I can't tell you!"
"I think that they are the last thing you have to worry about," Medoferro explained to him making a ball of light in his hand to complement the glowing eyes, "Now start telling me the truth or I will show you the real meaning of power!"
"Ellis LaPorte," Coblein said, crying in defeat, "He's the one behind the ones who have been paying me."
"Colonel Ellis LaPorte?" Suvorov said, "That son of a bitch!"
"Why?" Medo asked him, "What on earth does he have to gain by this?"
"You think he's going to tell me that?" Coblein said, "I'm nothing.  Just someone that Tony Stack found out could be corrupted.  I follow orders."
"Stack has been on the run since before the trip was announced," Medoferro said, "Who gave you the instructions?"
"One of LaPorte's lackeys," Coblein told him, "I don't remember his name.   Never saw him before or after, just gave me the mellemaic and told me to make sure that he was muddled for the conference."
A little puddle had formed by Coblein's foot, showing everyone in the room that he wasn't lying.  Medoferro let the power go back into the natural form and sat back down in the chair.  Trinaferro went over and put her hand on his shoulder, which he held on to and looked up to her.
"I'd say we're in the wrong part of the world," Medoferro said, his eyes glazing in thought, "LaPorte is up to something."
"What do you want me to do with him?" Suvorov asked them.
"Send him to Mullinix Centre," Trinaferro said, "We can deal with him when we get back."
"Medo?" Suvorov said, "You've got to give the order as Mullinix."
"Sounds like a plan," Medoferro said, "But not until morning.  I have some ideas, but I'm too tired to form them yet."
"What are you thinking?" Trinaferro asked him.
"I don't know yet," Medoferro said, mind still churning at the new information, "I'll know after we discuss it with Insegniferro."
"Get him ready," Trinaferro told Suvorov, "It'll take you a few hours anyway.  I think by then we'll have a plan together."
"Hopefully," Medo said, his fatigue showing, "It's nearly three in the morning.  Let's get some sleep before we decide what to do.   I'll call Insegniferro then."
"Sounds like a good idea," Trina said, "Let's go back to Toria's place.  We can get some rest there."
"And another one of those potions," Medo grunted, "My headache is back now."
"Serves you right," Trina chuckled, "But I can't fault the results."
"I'm going to go get some sleep as well," Suvorov said, "I'll get the convoy ready in the morning."
Medoferro nodded and leaned against Trinaferro as they walked.   He was tired to the point where he needed sleep badly.   Trina kissed his cheek and helped him stay up.  It had been a long night, but at least now they had some answers.  Unfortunately, the answers only brought more questions.

Chapter 90 - A Belated Homecoming

Paulus Tally rode the tired horse into the Palace Gates at nearly four in the morning.  The guard who was on duty didn't even recognize the Mullinix Representative. He looked so shabby and weather beaten that it was doubtful that his mother would have recognized him in that condition.  The guard approached carefully, as it was unusual for anyone to approach at this time of night.
"Halt!" the guard exclaimed, "State your business."
"I'm here to see the Mullinix," Paulus said, wearily, "They've probably been looking for me."
"Identify yourself…" the guard said, trailing off, "Paulus?  Is that you?"
"Yeah," Paulus nodded, "Help me down and get me to the chambers."
"Sure thing," the guard said, "Tie off the horse there.  I'll send Seregan over to take care of it."
Paulus nodded and let himself get some help in getting down.  The hours of constant motion and lack of decent food were getting to him.  The fact that he was pushing nearly fifty years of age wasn't much of a help in his predicament.  They started walking in to the palace slowly as the guard started talking.
"You've got good timing," the guard said, "Insegniferro is already awake.  He and the house staff have been together for a couple hours now."
"That's odd," Paulus said, "Whole house staff?"
"Yeah," the guard said, "Every one of them.  I heard that the lines have been burning up between here and the border villages."
"Well they're about to start burning up to the south too," Paulus grunted, "Looks like LaPorte is going rogue."
"Just what they need, I'm sure," the guard grunted, "We're almost there."
Paulus noticed that a lot of lights were coming out of the central chamber, something that was not normal for the hour of the morning it was.  There was a bit of female sobbing coming from the chamber, something that both of them found odd.
"I can make it from here," Paulus said, "Thank you Sergeant… I forget your name right now."
"Sergeant Barnes, sir," the guard said, "Good to have you back."
"Thank you, Barnes," Paulus said, "See me again when this calms down, I'll see that you get a good mark on your record."
"Thank you, sir," Barnes said, "I should return to my post anyway."
Paulus nodded as the guard walked away.  He then walked slowly towards the central chamber where he entered a room where many of the women were crying.   Insegniferro was sitting quietly in the middle, not looking any better than the rest of them.  It was, however, Insegniferro that saw him first.
"Paulus!" Insegniferro exclaimed, "Where the hell have you been?"
"Trying to get home," Paulus said, "LaPorte has gone rogue on us.  I spent a few days in his jail after trying to get a line up here."
"I figured that LaPorte was shining us on where that was concerned," Iggy said, "If it wasn't for the other trouble, I would have sent a team down there long ago."
"I heard from a guard down south that there were rumors about Massy being sick," Paulus said, "Medo has actually been taking session?"
Marina and Marianna, two who had been pretty close to Massy, both broke down into full fledged tears again, perplexing Paulus even more.  Paulus looked at Insegniferro who was trying hard to keep his own composure.
"He's badly sick isn't he?" Paulus said, "What the hell is going on, Iggy?"
"It's more than that now," Insegniferro sighed, "He started going downhill a few days ago.  That's why Medo took session.   He went into delirium about two days ago now."
"Massy has never been sick like that before," Paulus said, "I mean…  What could have…"
"They made it to the border village about this time yesterday morning," Iggy said, "They've got a good medico up there.  She figured out that Ari Coblein was dosing Massy with mellemaic."
"What the hell was that fool thinking?" Paulus said, "Who uses mellemaic in this day and age?"
"It was intentional," Iggy said, "I don't know why yet.  Coblein ran when they figured it out.  They had just found him when I last talked to Medo a couple hours ago."
"Well how is he then?" Paulus demanded, "I mean I need to get up there if he's really sick…"
"It's too late, Paulus," Insegniferro said quietly, "Toria, the medico up there, fought like hell to keep him alive.  His heart gave out earlier this evening."
"Massy is dead?" Paulus said, not quite believing it, "Oh my God… But he's been Mullinix for only six months… Medo…"
"Medo is now the Mullinix," Iggy said, "And he's not particularly happy about it."
"I can bet," Paulus said, letting his weary body sit down, "I can't believe he's gone."
"Me either," Iggy sighed, sitting down with Paulus, "I know that this isn't what you needed to hear after the hell you've been through."
"First Tolando," Paulus said, not believing it, "Now Massimaferro."
"LaPorte's people killed Tolando?" Iggy asked him.
"Yes," Paulus said simply, "LaPorte was keeping me as a housewarming gift for King Facie."
"So that's what this is all about," Iggy said, "He's going to hand Cirrus back, lock stock and barrel, isn't he?"
"So Tony Stack told me," Paulus said, "They're even planning the reeducation camps already."
"Stack?" Iggy said, "He's working for LaPorte?"
"Was," Paulus confirmed, "That's how LaPorte has kept it quiet for so long."
"Stack got out just ahead of the guard," Iggy grunted, "He set the assassination squads on Medo.   Luckily they all failed.  At least now I know who he is working for."
"Was working for," Paulus said again, "He got a last minute change of heart once he saw how depraved his bosses were.   That's how I got out of the jail.  Stack let me out."
"Still doesn't excuse what he's done," Iggy said, "We'll take care of him later though."
"He took care of himself," Paulus said, "He committed suicide off the top of the Cirrus jail to take the heat off me while I escaped."
"When is he planning on doing the transfer?" Iggy asked him, "Or do you know?"
"Within the week," Paulus told him, "They were counting on the conference to keep you busy."
"We're plenty busy," Iggy said, "We need to confer with Medoferro on what to do next and he's probably getting a little bit of sleep.  I suggest that we do the same.  There's nothing we can do yet and we may not have the chance for sleep later."
"I can't believe I'm thinking of this," Paulus said, "But what about succession?  Has any work gone into that yet?"
"That part was taken care of quick," Iggy explained, "Back when we chose Medo there were two close choices."
"Medo and that girl that he still hangs out with," Paulus said, "You brought Miranda in to it?"
"Trinaferro," Iggy confirmed, "She's got a good head on her shoulders and has a tight bond with Medoferro already.  She should work out well."
"Yeah," Paulus said, clenching a little, "I can't believe any of this."
"Nothing we can do," Iggy said, "We have to rest now.  Tomorrow we'll figure out whose ass to kick and how hard."
"I just hope we are in time," Paulus said, "We can't let LaPorte get away with this."
"We won't," Insegniferro promised, "He will pay."

Chapter 91 - Medoferro’s Plan

Trinaferro woke up to find Medoferro sitting up in the bed, staring forward.  He didn't look like he'd slept all that much that night, despite the massive fatigue he had to be feeling.  She pulled herself upright and looked into her lover's eyes, wondering what he was thinking about.
"Did you sleep at all, Copeland?" she asked him, "You look like you're deep in thought."
"Trying to figure out a few things," Medo said, "This still doesn't make any sense."
"Personally," she smiled, "I'm still trying to figure out how we went from having one of the best nights of our lives to living a nightmare?"
"It was still the best night of my life," Medoferro said, leaning over to kiss her, "Right up until we came home."
"Well," Trina chuckled, "At least we don't have to worry about hiding it."
"True," Medo agreed, "I already had to drag you into this, that's enough of a sacrifice.  I firmly believe that we should be able to have each other as a consolation prize."
"Works for me," she told him, "So what are you thinking about."
"I'm thinking that all this is starting to make sense," Medo said thoughtfully, "Stack, the assassination attempts on me, all of it.   LaPorte has been behind it all."
"I just can't figure out why," Trinaferro said, "What does he have to gain from all this."
"I don't know," Medo said honestly, "That's what remains to be seen."
Trinaferro nodded and leaned against Medoferro.  They were both still tired, so they just stayed there until Simon came knocking on the door about a half hour later.  Medo, not concerned about appearances anymore, merely pulled up the blankets a little before saying he could come in.
"Paulus made it back to the palace," Simon told them, "Looks like he has the reasons that LaPorte is doing this."
"Get everyone together," Medoferro instructed, "I think it's time for a conference on LaPorte."
"Careful Medo," Simon teased, "You're on the edge of looking like an effectual leader."
"Do I have a choice anymore, Simon?" Medo asked him honestly.
"Nope," Simon admitted, "But at least you have me around to keep you human."
"That reminds me," Trina said, "Where is Stacy?"
"Playing guard with Suvorov," Simon said, "Why?"
"I want to talk to her up there," Trina said, "This is going to be a full conference over the line, right?"
"That is what it sounds like," Simon agreed, "Roland said that Iggy wants to talk to all of us."
"Make sure that Suvorov is there too," Medo said, "He has firsthand knowledge of Cirrus that most of us don't."
"You got it," Simon said, "See you downstairs in a few."
Simon left the room and Medo stood up to put on some clothes.  Trina sighed and did the same, not wanting to be official yet.  Neither of them were ready to be anything official so they were basically wearing street clothes when they went downstairs.  Toria was waiting for them downstairs, smiling as she saw the two of them emerge together.
"You look a bit better this morning," Toria said, "I gather the sleep helped with the shock."
"A bit," Trina agreed, "How about you?"
"About as well as I ever am after losing a patient like that," Toria shrugged, "I'll be ok."
"You still have nothing to be ashamed of," Medo told her, "You figured it out.  No one else could."
"I guess that will have to do," Toria agreed, "Go on up to the house.  Travis has everyone waiting for you."
"Great," Medo grunted, "Come on, Trinaferro.  Let's go be official."
Trinaferro made a face at Medo and they walked out the door.  They jogged up the hill and went into the government house where everyone was waiting.  Stacy, Simon and Suvorov were sitting at the table while Roland and Travis were busy talking in a corner.  Medo and Trina walked in and poured themselves some of the juice that was sitting on the table.
"What happened?" Medo asked, "Is Paulus all right?"
"I haven't talked to him yet," Roland said, "But the word is that he had a rough time of it."
"Haven't we all?" Trina asked them.
"Good point," Roland agreed, "Anyway, Iggy wants this to be a full council.  All three Mullinix and all the representatives."
"Why are we here?" Suvorov asked, "Stacy and I aren't in that circle."
"I want you here because you know Cirrus," Medo said, "From the lower ends."
"That leaves me," Stacy said.
"That was my call," Trinaferro said, "Stacy, I don't have time to go choosing.  You've been a good friend through all this.  Would you mind being my rep?"
"What?" Stacy said, stunned, "You're kidding, right?"
"I can't think of a better choice," Roland nodded, "I'm sure Iggy will approve too."
"Who would have thought?" Simon said, "Might as well drag us all in, eh?"
"I don't know," Stacy said, "I mean I'm years older than you…"
"I need that experience you have," Trina said, "Not to mention I want a woman, seeing as we're already overloaded with testosterone.  You're the only one I'd trust other than Toria and she is needed more here."
"Kinda hard to refute that logic," Medo chuckled, "You coming in, Stacy?"
"Sure," Stacy said, "If you need me, I'll serve."
"I've set up the chairs," Travis said, "The operator should be regulating the line.  It'll be tight, but all of you should fit, though a couple will have to stand."
"I can sit in Medo's lap," Trina chuckled, "That'll free up one chair."
"I'll stand," Stacy said, "If I sit I'll fall asleep.  I took most of the suicide watch on Coblein last night."
"That works," Medo said, "Let's go."
Everyone piled into the room, taking the chairs that were fitting in.  Stacy leaned against the wall in the back while Medo and Trina took a chair at the side with Medo sitting back and Trina sitting across his legs using the wall for back support.  The light came on quickly as the operators made the connection.
"You there, Medo?" Insegniferro asked over the line, "Or is this another test."
"We're all here, Iggy," Medo said, "Trinaferro, Simon, Roland, Stacy Cossy, Rav Suvorov and me."
"Very well," Insegniferro said, "Paulus and I are here on this side.  I take it there's a reason for Stacy and Rav's inclusion?"
"Stacy is going to be my representative," Trinaferro said, "We don't have time for me to search and she's already in the group."
"I applaud your good sense, Trina," Insegniferro told her, "Welcome to the circle, Stacy."
"Thanks," Stacy said, stifling a yawn, "I think."
"I invited Rav because of his experiences in Cirrus," Medoferro said, "I assume that Roland told you about what we found out from Coblein last night."
"It fits with what we now know," Paulus said, "That son of a bitch LaPorte has gone Rogue on us.  He threw me in jail when I tried to report in, that's why I've been out of the loop for so long."
"I knew it went high up down there," Suvorov said, "But I didn't know it was LaPorte personally."
"He couldn't resist coming down to gloat to me while he had me locked up," Paulus said, "He intends to give Cirrus over to the Mavelans.   Lock, stock and barrel."
"Let him," Suvorov grunted, "Probably could be the nicest thing that son of a bitch could do for us."
"Those people chose to become Mullinix, Mr. Suvorov," Insegniferro said, "They defected to get away from that tyrannical regime down there."
"Not to mention it would put them a stone's throw away from Taliaferro Village," Paulus said, "That's not an answer."
"I don't think we can put off dealing with it any longer," Medoferro said, "We need to take some action and take it now."
"What about the conference?" Simon said, "Don't forget, we have the Siraqis coming here in a couple days."
"That's what I heard," Paulus said, "Tony Stack knew about that too, said that's why LaPorte chose this time to do it."
"How did LaPorte find out though?" Trinaferro asked, "I mean this came on quick.  You didn't know until you were already halfway through your trip here, right?"
"Good question," Insegniferro said thoughtfully, "How did they know?"
"You don't think the Siraqis and the Mavelans are working together on this do you?" Simon said, "I mean it would explain why they agreed so quickly and without reservation."
"The Siraqis don't hold any special love for the Mavelans," Roland said, "But I can see them agreeing to do it if they were assured that Massimaferro would be impaired for the conference."
"That's why LaPorte's people set Coblein to drug Massy," Medo said, "They figured that I wouldn't be as hard to deal with or that Massimaferro would be impaired enough to give the Siraqis a good deal on the trade talks."
"They probably didn't expect the mellemaic to kill him," Trinaferro said, "Nobody uses it anymore.  If Toria hadn't run into it in the past she probably wouldn't have caught it either."
"I'm betting the Siraqis will be shitting themselves when they find out," Roland said, "I mean, they just wanted trade deals.  They are tyrants, but they don't have the economy to support a war with us.  Hell, if we even close the border in response to this their economy will fail."
"The King of Siraq is a bully and a misogynist son of a bitch," Insegniferro said, "But he's not as fundamentally stupid as King Facie is down south.  He also doesn't have the zeal for defeating us that Facie does.  Especially not since we fund half their economy now."
"Do you think they'd agree to moving the meeting?" Medo wondered, "I mean given Massy's death and all…"
"I think they'll do more than that," Roland said, "I mean, they were complicit with the Mavelans in this."
"We don't need to fight a battle on two fronts," Iggy replied, "We don't want to push the Siraqis into doing something stupid."
"LaPorte and the Mavelans are the most important thing right now," Trinaferro said, "I know I'm new, but even I know that if Cirrus falls there's going to be little to stop the Mavelans from trying to move north.  It will be cheaper to take care of this now than to wait."
"I've got an idea," Medoferro said, "It's going to take some teamwork, but it might be crazy enough to work."
"You're better with tactics than I am," Insegniferro agreed, "What are you thinking, Medo?"
"First off," Medoferro said, "Trina is right.  Cirrus is the big problem right now.  No offense, Iggy, but Cirrus has been a festering clusterfuck for nearly a decade."
"You're right," Iggy said, "I've been reading over the records.  LaPorte has been lying to us for a long time.  We should have caught this long before we did."
"That doesn't matter now," Roland said, "We just have to fix it."
"Exactly," Medoferro said, "Who knows about what we do right now?"
"Just us," Iggy said, "Though the news about Massy's death is starting to leak."
"Release that," Medo said, "But call it a heart attack for now.  Leave out anything related to Coblein or LaPorte.  The Siraqis will agree to a hold for now because of the death, especially since they don't want to call attention to their complicity."
"True," Insegniferro agreed, "But what does this gain?"
"LaPorte has to be watching the news wires," Medoferro said, "I take it that he already controls the press down there."
"I didn't get any news until I got up to Taliaferro village," Paulus confirmed, "And some of the leaders in Taliaferro Village are in LaPorte's pocket by the way."
"I have a feeling we're going to be doing one hell of a purge down there," Insegniferro said, "So what are you thinking, Medo?"
"Let LaPorte think we're too busy dealing with Massimaferro's death to worry about him," Medoferro said, "Trina and I will do a funeral convoy from here to the Centre to keep attention off the other activities."
"What other activities?" several of them said, almost in unison.
"We've got a class about to graduate down there," Medo said, "How many of them are soldiers?"
"Just shy of 1100," Iggy said, having the best head for numbers, "But they are raw recruits.  No veterans.  Most of them are spread out at the borders."
"And few of them would want to go to Cirrus," Paulus said, "LaPorte has done a good job at alienating most of the corps who served under him."
"So let's turn that to our advantage," Medoferro suggested, "If he's been alienating people for years, a lot of them are probably going to want a chance to kick his ass out of Cirrus, along with the Mavelans."
"That's brilliant," Roland said, once he realized what Medo was suggesting, "Get motivated volunteers to seed the units of newbies."
"That's going to take some time," Insegniferro said, "Time we may not have."
"Shine LaPorte on," Medo said, "Do your normal contact and pretend to buy his bullshit.  Make like Paulus is still nowhere to be found."
"That may buy us a little time," Trina said, "But how are we going to build trust back up?"
"We schedule that to coincide with the ceremony we're required to do," Medoferro said, "Trina and I will leave here in a few hours.  Stacy will play double duty for today and do the security for the trip back."
"Where does that leave me?" Suvorov asked.
"You take Coblein and haul ass to Mullinix Centre," Medo said, "You know a lot of those people and between you and Paulus you may be able to convince many of the people we need to join up.  Basically, keep it quiet and start pulling people in."
"We can't keep it quiet forever," Insegniferro said, "How long are you thinking?"
"I'm thinking that Massimaferro's funeral will serve a triple purpose," Medoferro said, "It will serve as a farewell to a friend, it will introduce Trinaferro to the world and it will give me a chance to try to build support among the people in the crowd for going down and cleaning up that mess."
"That's going to take some oratory," Insegniferro warned, "And Massimaferro was the one who was good at that."
"I'm going to have to learn quick," Medoferro sighed, "But do any of you have a better plan?"
"I don't," Simon admitted, "But it's going to take more than a few words.  We will need to give them a reason to fight for it."
"And a leader," Suvorov said, "That's the main thing that has been lacking in this situation.  Most of us who were in those trenches were told we were doing it for the Mullinix.   All bullshit, but we need something to counter that bullshit."
"That will have to be Medoferro," Stacy said, "Trina is too new, and Iggy is considered tainted by many of them.  Can we build him up in time?"
"I don't intend to sit in the palace and watch," Medo said, "I will go down there and handle the tactical deployments."
"You've not been here long enough for that," Roland said, "I mean…"
"You can't get that close to it, Medo," Trina said, shuddering at the thought, "I mean…   It's dangerous!"
"Who else is going to?" Medo asked testily, "Who do you trust to do it at this point?   Another Colonel?  Someone in power has to show that they care about what happens down there."
"Medo is right," Simon said, supporting his Mullinix, "I'll go with him too.  This is too important to leave to someone outside the circle."
"Is that even legal?" Paulus asked, "I mean, usually…"
"I think he's crazy," Insegniferro said, "But unfortunately he is right.  Part of the problem is that nobody has taken the time to go down there.  Tali was too old to handle it.  I never was good at that end of things and Massy just never had time to make it down there.  We've got one chance to make it right and Medo and Simon are it."
"If they're going, I'm going with them," Suvorov said, "Someone needs to watch their asses."
"I don't like it," Trinaferro sighed, looking with sad eyes at Medo, "I don't want to risk losing him so quickly."
"I'll keep out of danger," Medo promised, "But face it Trin, you haven't been trained for this yet.  Even Massy admitted that Simon and I were nearly his equals in tactical matters.  No more half-assed measures, no more military rulers.  We will take care of Cirrus and do it right."
"It's Medo's call as Mullinix," Insegniferro said, "I don't like it, but I don't have a better alternative.  At least he has a plan."
"We still have to deal with the Siraqis," Roland said, "I guess that is going to fall into my lap."
"No," Iggy said, "I'll go up there and handle Siraq at the conference after we do the transition.  Trina can hold the fort here while Medo goes south."
"I haven't had any training yet!" Trinaferro said, "If something goes wrong…"
"I'll be staying with you," Roland said, "I don't think they'll need me in Cirrus.  I'm too old to fight and would just get in the way of war planning."
"I can handle Siraq on my own," Insegniferro said, "This plan requires all of us to stick with our strengths.  Mine is diplomacy, Medo's is the tactics."
"And my job is to keep you both from screwing up," Trinaferro sighed.
"Where do you want me?" Stacy asked them.
"If I'm staying in Mullinix Centre," Roland said, "Iggy is going to need someone to go with him.  Think we can switch advisors for a bit?  Iggy?  Trina?"
"I think that we've got the beginnings of a plan here," Medo said, almost smiling.
"It's going to take some luck," Paulus said, "But I think I know some people to talk to."
"I'd best go get Coblein ready to travel," Suvorov said, "I want to get down there quickly."
"Why not just put Coblein in the covered part of the barge?" Trina asked, "Medo and I will be putting on an act for the public, so we're not going to need it."
"Works for me," Medo agreed, "Just have to keep him quiet."
"I had Toria sedate him earlier," Stacy said, "We'll get her to administer another dose of sedation so he'll sleep until we get to Mullinix Centre."
"Another thing you can do to keep the press off guard," Insegniferro said, "Talk to them on the way.  There will be reporters begging for interviews along the way.  Talk to a few of them.  Give them some facts, but not all of them."
"They can just act like themselves," Simon chuckled, "That will raise eyebrows enough."
"What does that mean?" Paulus asked, as he was unaware of the intimate nature of Medo and Trina's relationship.
"Medo and I are lovers, Paulus," Trina said, very unashamed by this, "It was just bad luck that we both got dragged in to this."
"It'll be better to let that out now as a matter of fact thing," Roland agreed, "It'll save problems arising from it later."
"Is that even legal?" Paulus wondered, "I mean, has it ever happened before?"
"It has," Insegniferro, ever the historian, informed them, "Dadiferro and Caldoferro, about four centuries ago.  They were about ten years apart in age, with Dadiferro being the new Mullinix.  They ruled as a couple for years, first with him as Mullinix and her as apprentice, then with her as Mullinix and him as Elder.  It's happened before.  They can't marry, but there's no problem with them being a couple."
"Then it's best to release that information now," Paulus agreed, "If you try to keep it in, it'll get out anyway and look a whole lot worse."
"We'll pick up some reporters near Polonion," Medoferro said, "It'll take that long for us to rest and make ourselves look somewhat presentable."
"I'll go ahead and make the announcement locally," Insegniferro said, "About Massimaferro's death I mean.  That news will overcome the rest of it.   I take it you'll be back down here probably around sundown."
"Sounds about right," Medoferro said, "We'll leave here in about two hours or so."
"And I'll leave on my own now," Suvorov said, "I'll be down there by noon."
"Let's do it," Medoferro said, "Everyone knows what to do."

Chapter 92 - The Ruse on the Traitor

"What are you seeing on the newswire?" Ellis LaPorte asked one of his cohorts, "Anything about Massimaferro's condition?"
"Word of his death just came through, Colonel," the young man said, "They are currently listing it as a heart attack."
"Nothing about that Medico?" LaPorte asked, "What was his name?  Coblein?"
"Nothing sir," the young man confirmed, "The word is that they've chosen a new Mullinix and both of them are on their way back to Mullinix Centre to go through the necessary ceremonies."
"Either Coblein did nothing or he did too much," a small man with dark glasses said on the couch, "Either way, the dynamic has changed up there."
"That's ok, General Jagards," LaPorte said, "The timing is right.   How soon can you have your people come in?"
"I've got them starting," the man with the glasses said, "Facie sent me in to make sure that your side was going as good as you thought."
"Insegniferro is due to call any moment," LaPorte said, "You can listen in if you remain quiet."
"I'd like that," the small man nodded, "Should be interesting."
"Colonel," the operator said, "Insegniferro is on the line."
"Thank you," LaPorte said, "Shall we General?"
General Jagards nodded and walked over to the room with LaPorte.  LaPorte made enough noise going in that any noise Jagards made was lost in the shuffle.  LaPorte warmly greeted Insegniferro, letting the Mullinix take the conversation.
"I heard about Massimaferro," LaPorte said, "Any word on what happened?"
"Looks like a heart attack," Insegniferro said, playing the role like a good actor, "He went down a few days ago, that's why Medo was taking session."
"That's not good," LaPorte said, "Is Medoferro ready?"
"He has to be," Insegniferro said, "Have you found Paulus yet?"
"I've got people scouring between here and Taliaferro Village," LaPorte said, his first honest words to the Mullinix in days, "No sign of him or his bodyguard."
"Having him gone is hurting us," Insegniferro said, "We're stretched really thin, Ellis.   How does the border look today?"
"I thought you didn't trust my judgment," LaPorte said, testing the waters before answering, "You were really going off on me last time we talked, sir."
"I was edgy," Insegniferro said, "I knew Massimaferro was sick then and was pissed off about Stack's betrayal.  We're still looking for that son of a bitch too."
"I understand," LaPorte said, breathing a little sigh of relief, "The border looks pretty calm.  I've got my people trained pretty well and they're watching it like hawks.  There haven't been any real raids in the past couple days since we demolished the last one."
"Good," Insegniferro agreed, doing his best to sound distracted, "It sounds as though you have things under control.   Let me know immediately if you find him."
"We will," LaPorte said, "I'll have my reports in by the end of the week."
"That's fine," Insegniferro said, "We'll have our hands full getting the funeral done and Trinaferro in place.  She's still a bit bewildered by the fact she was chosen, so there's no hurry."
"Good luck, sir," LaPorte said, "If you need anything out of me, let me know."
"Keep up the good work, Ellis," Insegniferro said, trying really hard not to spit as he said it, "I've got to go oversee preparations for the funeral."
"Of course," LaPorte said, "I'll talk to you tomorrow."
"Yes," Insegniferro agreed, "I'm sure you will."
The line went dead and the two men walked out of the room before they started talking.  General Jagards nodded and sat back down in the easy chair that he'd been using while he was there.  LaPorte went back behind his large desk and looked across at the other man.
"Sounds like you have them all hoodwinked," Jagards nodded, "I think we can agree on the terms now.  When do you want to start the transfer?"
"Tomorrow Morning at dawn," LaPorte said, "My people will create the panic that will allow yours to come over the border. The Mullinix government will be paralyzed for at least a couple days, especially with an inexperienced Mullinix."
"Be ready," Jagards instructed him, "If this goes badly, it will be both our heads on the block."
"I've been ready for years," LaPorte boasted, "The timing is now right for me to come into my own."
"It is indeed," The Mavelan General nodded, though he wasn't so sure, "We shall see tomorrow."
He nodded his head in a typically Mavelan way and walked out the door.  He'd seen enough and had plans to make of his own to ensure that this takeover happened as easily as possible.  Ellis LaPorte watched and poured himself a drink.  Holding it up he made a toast to himself.
"To you, Governor LaPorte," the traitorous Colonel said before drinking, "May the Mullinix rot in hell."

Chapter 93 - The Interview

Medoferro and Trinaferro were still tired as they approached Polonion, especially after having to do solemn greetings and a few words to crowds who lined up the roadways in each of the hamlets they passed through to pay their respects to the fallen leader as he made his final trip back to Mullinix Centre.  
"At least that's the last hamlet along the route," Medoferro said, rubbing his temples, "Why did we sign up for this job again?"
"We were drafted, as I recall," Trinaferro reminded him, "Though going home this way was your idea."
"Well hopefully Suvorov is back and getting things started at home," Medo said, "If we're lucky we'll keep the spotlight off him by doing this."
Before they could say anymore they heard the thumps of approaching hoofs.  Stacy, who with her guard training was the best rider of the group, approached and did an artsy transfer from her moving horse to the land barge, which was moving at nearly thirty miles an hour.
"Careful Stacy," Trinaferro said, "Don't get yourself killed."
"That's nothing," Stacy shrugged, "They trained us to do that in the upper level guard classes."
"So how did it go there?" Medoferro asked her, "Is Spiketon cooperating?"
"Very much so," Stacy said, "That little mention about sheep on the south meadow did wonders to get him into a cooperative mood."
"Remind me to give Colonel Ballfur a bonus for telling me that," Medo chuckled, "So he's going to get us a tame reporter?"
"He knows just the one," Stacy said, "Simon is there prepping him now.  Simon is better at the smooth talking than I am."
"Part of why I chose him," Medoferro nodded, "He's as outgoing as I am not.  I needed that in a representative."
"I still can't fathom why you chose me," Stacy said to Trina.
"Because you're more willing to butt heads with people than I am," Trina smiled, "Plus, you know how the guards work and have some experience in the capital, something that I have a feeling I will need and quick."
"Right," Medo nodded, "With me now being Mullinix, all the usual training methods will go right out the window."
"Well," Stacy said, "I just hope you're ready.  Simon is going to prep him and he'll be meeting us with them on the outside of Polonion.  Basically, the reporter is going to go with us through Polonion and will travel with us to Nessun Cucchiaio.  We'll drop him and he'll file his story, which we'll probably see on the wires by the time we get to Mullinix Centre."
"Sounds good," Medoferro nodded, "Let's just hope I can keep myself looking like a Mullinix for the duration."
"You're doing fine," Trinaferro reassured him, "Besides…you have me by your side.  What can possibly go wrong?"
"I can't fault that logic," Medoferro chuckled, "I can't help but look good with such a pretty girl by my side."
"Ok," Stacy said, making a face, "Enough sap for me.  I will go check Coblein and give him another dose of the sleepy time shot to make sure he doesn't start moving until Nessun Cucchiaio."
Medo and Trina chuckled and kissed for a moment while Stacy was gone.  They still felt good about each other, despite the loss of Massimaferro.  The stately casket, one that had been hastily obtained from the one casket maker in the border village area for the trip, was standing prominently on top of the enclosed area.  
It was there to allow a viewing of the casket by the curious passersby and to allow the living to not have to ride with the dead.  This was a necessity for a long trip like this, as Toria had only done the basic embalming of the corpse and if it heated up at all the body was soon going to become ripe.   The basic theory is that if it does smell, hopefully the smell will go over everyone instead of down to their noses.
"This is still surreal," Trinaferro sighed, "Who would have thought that we'd be doing this six months ago?"
"Nothing we can do," Medoferro said, "Just gotta continue."
Stacy came back out and plopped down on the comfortable chair across from Medo and Trina.  Her eyes still darted around all over the place, much like every guard they had ever met.  She might now be a civilian advisor to Trinaferro, but her mind was still guard trained.
"So how does it feel to be a civilian again?" Trinaferro asked Stacy, "I bet you didn't see this coming, huh?"
"I must admit," Stacy nodded, "You blindsided me with that one.  I'd never heard of an undercover guard being chosen as a representative before."
"You seem to be working out fine," Medo said, "I think we will benefit from some of your guard trained efficiency."
"So long as you don't sicken me with your sappiness," Stacy chuckled, "So are you really going to let the world know about you two?"
"Better to do it now when the distraction can benefit us," Trinaferro said, "Also if we release it ourselves we can portray it in a much more flattering light."
"Rather than have it posted on a tabloid," Medoferro agreed, "I can see it now.  'Shocking Sex Secrets of the Mullinix!'"
"Somehow I can't see them finding anything that deviant on you two," Stacy said, almost giggling at the thought, "I think it will do this country some good to have leaders that they can look up to though."
"There's just something wrong with that idea," Medoferro chuckled, "People looking up to us."
"It's going to take some getting used to," Trinaferro agreed, "Looks like we're nearly at Polonion."
"There's Simon and the Reporter now," Stacy said, looking out, "Looks like we'll be there in a few minutes."
"There's one question I have," Trinaferro said, "I figure I should ask it before we have the reporter here and have to be on best behavior?"
"Shoot," Medo told her.
"Why do we not use trains instead of this slow barge?" Trina asked them, "I mean we could make this trip in a few hours otherwise."
"The trains are easy targets," Stacy said, answering from guard knowledge, "Easy to derail, easy to intercept and only go to the set locations.   All of which are recipes for security nightmares."
"The barge also allows interaction," Medoferro explained, "You can't take a train slowly through a city and wave to the people from it.  Train lines tend to run outside town, not in it."
"That makes sense I guess," Trinaferro nodded, "We're people based, not business based."
"You got it," Medoferro smiled, "We deal with both, but the people are our main concern."
Trinaferro nodded appreciatively and leaned against Medoferro, riding quietly until they met up with Simon and the Reporter just on the outside of Polonion.  The driver stopped the barge and allowed the two of them to climb up onto the barge, with Simon helping the reporter up.
Medo and Trina took in the reporter with a curious eye.  They were both expecting a younger man, but evidently they rated the experienced eye of an older reporter.  He was a tall, jovial man with a mostly bald pate rimmed with graying hair on the sides.  He smiled and offered hands that were readily shaken by the pleasantly surprised Mullinix.
"Thank you for having me," the grateful reporter said, "My name is David Minear."
"I'm Medoferro," Medo told him, smiling at getting someone who was pleasant, "The lovely lady sitting beside me here is the new apprentice, Trinaferro."
"Hello," Trina said, shaking hands with the man, "Pleased to meet you, Mr. Minear."
"Please," the reporter said, "Call me Dave."
"Welcome to the barge," Medoferro said, "The young lady across from us here is Stacy Cossy, Trinaferro's new personal representative."
"Pleased to meet you," Stacy said, "I think I saw you when I was on my way back here to warn them of your arrival."
"Ahhh yes," Dave remembered, "The young lady leaving town on a horse at the speed of light."
"That would be me," Stacy chuckled.
"Well I appreciate your letting me ride with you for a while," Dave told them, "What is the game plan here?  This was thrown up rather quickly."
"Well," Medoferro said, looking at Trinaferro, "Basically, we're both really new to this.  People barely know I exist and they know precisely nothing about Trina.  Since I've been elevated so quickly because of Massimaferro's unfortunate passing, we figured that we should let people know a little bit about us."
"I will admit," Dave nodded, "I was shocked when I heard about Massimaferro's death.  He was still quite young for that."
"A month off of his 49th birthday," Medoferro nodded, "We were hoping that he'd make it through, but unfortunately it was not to be."
"Second time this century that a reigning Mullinix has passed before the elder," Dave said, "Do you think this is a trend?"
"I can tell you," Trina said, "That this had better not be a trend for us."
"You're just saying that because you don't want my new job," Medo told her, "So hush."
"Well, I have other reasons as well," Trina grinned.
"I see that you two get along really well," Dave said, watching as they approached Polonion proper, "Is there some story there beyond the obvious?"
"We knew each other before we were chosen" Medo explained, "We remained close even after I was chosen, despite the fact that I was legally barred from marriage."
"So you two are a couple?" Dave said, a bit surprised by this, "Is there precedent for this?"
"Yep," Medoferro nodded, "Dadiferro and Caldaferro, several centuries back."
"Did this relationship have anything to do with the choice?" Dave asked them, "Sorry, but I have to ask this."
"No problem at all," Trina said, "It had nothing to do with the choice other than the fact that Medo tried to talk me out of it."
"I thought both surviving Mullinix made the choice," Dave said, "You were against it, Medoferro?"
"Not so much against it as I didn't want to do it to her," Medoferro said, "I know I'm new at this.  Back when I was chosen after Taliaferro's passing, I wasn't the only candidate at the time.  She and I had both been high on their list, which was part of what brought us together.  It was only by the good grace of my big mouth that she wasn't chosen the first time."
"I smell a good story there," Dave said, "Mind telling me about it?"
Medoferro and Trinaferro obliged the information hungry reporter with some of the details of the story, leaving out a few of the more delicate and sensitive parts.  There was one lesson that they both had learned about the press and that was that there was no such thing as 'off the record' where a reporter was concerned.
"So you both were on the block and it was simply Medoferro's mouth that got him the job?" Dave reiterated, "Very nice.  So how did you get roped in to it now?"
"Basically we knew we had to make a choice quickly," Medoferro told him, "Since she was still in the legal qualification range and both Insegniferro and I knew that she and I would work well together we went ahead and chose her."
"After a few heart wrenching discussions between him and I at any rate," Trinaferro said, "We went back and forth like a yoyo on whether or not I should accept the position."
"Any regrets about doing so?" Dave asked her.
"None," Trinaferro said, "Medo was like family for me before.  This just makes it as official as anything between us can legally be."
"So what are you willing to tell me about Massimaferro's final hours?" Dave asked them, "I take it he was sick for longer than you were admitting."
"We were mainly trying to give him a chance to get better," Medoferro explained, "I took session so he could rest and to give me practice.  Once it was apparent that he was getting worse we decided to go to the border villages where he'd be close to the conference area and we had access to the Skolnik medico collegiums."
"Straight forward then?" Dave asked them.
"As much as an illness like that can be," Trinaferro said, "Once Toria figured out what was doing it, all we could do was wait."
"What about the medico traveling with you?" Dave asked, "We've heard some rumors about his misconduct in this."
"That investigation is still ongoing," Medoferro said, "We'll reserve comment until we know more."
"So there is a possibility this wasn't natural?" Dave asked, smelling a scoop.
"What he means is," Stacy put in, saving Medoferro's politically naïve ass, "Is that we've heard the rumors as well and have investigations continuing.  Until we speak with Mr. Coblein, who has not been seen for a few days, we won't be able to comment."
"At this hour we still have no reason to believe it was anything other than a heart attack," Medoferro said, mentally thanking Stacy, "It was just an unfortunate quirk of nature."
"Good enough," Dave said, nodding and realizing that he didn't want to push something and piss off the Mullinix, "So what is going to happen next?"
"There is a crowd up ahead," Medoferro said, "We'll stop and I'll say a few words.  Then we'll continue the interview on and off until we get to Nessun Cucchiaio."
"Sounds like a plan to me," Dave said, smiling, "I'd like to thank you guys for letting me come along like this."
"It is no problem," Trinaferro said, "No problem at all."

Chapter 94 - Planning

"You're looking better than the last time I saw you," Paulus said to Rav Suvorov as he greeted the younger man, "Cut back on the drinking some, Suvorov?"
"Yeah," Suvorov nodded, "I've been clean for a week now.  Still have the urges, but every time I have thought about it in the last few days either Medoferro or Stacy has given me a harsh look.  You don't mess with those two."
"Welcome back, Rav," Insegniferro said, "That was a quick trip."
"Medoferro was insistent that I arrive as soon as possible," Suvorov told them, "I ate a quick meal and started off on a speed run, changing horses in Polonion."
"He's getting better at giving orders," Insegniferro agreed, "I still have some reservations about his plan, but I can't come up with anything better."
"I've noticed the change in him," Paulus nodded, "Looks like you chose well with him."
"Her too," Suvorov said, "I think we've got one hell of a good pair of Mullinix."
"I agree," Insegniferro nodded, "I just wish that it was Massimaferro dealing with it and not me.  He was better on the tactics end."
"We'll have to make do," Paulus said, "I just can't believe that it's happened like this.  I can't believe we dropped the ball this badly down in Cirrus.  How the hell did we let that happen, Iggy?"
"Too many problems, not enough time," Insegniferro said, "The same way every great mess is created."
"Now's not the time to worry about it," Suvorov shrugged, "Let's go get some recruits."
"I think this is going to be the iffy part of Medoferro's plan," Paulus said, "I saw the apathy and distaste for the empire that serving in Cirrus produced.  How do you plan on countering that?"
"I take it Medoferro has given you some instructions on that too," Insegniferro said to Suvorov, "Because he didn't go over that part."
"Trust me," Suvorov said, "I know just where to go, but I need someone there to be official with it."
"You sure you are ready?" Paulus asked him, "You've been here ten minutes."
"I want to get this started," Suvorov said, "This could be an interesting process, but a dangerous one.  Where's Tolando?"
"LaPorte's people killed him," Paulus told the younger guard, "Just before he jailed me."
"Son of a bitch," Suvorov said, shaking his head, "Well it's time to win one for the good guys."
"Absolutely right," Paulus smiled, "I'm all for it."
"Where are you going to go?" Insegniferro asked him, "I want to know what you're going to do before you do it?"
"There are two pubs in South Mullinix," Suvorov told them, "Both are common hangouts for burnouts from the Cirrus area.  Many of them spend a lot of time thinking about ways to get back at LaPorte and the government in general."
"And you want to use these people?" Paulus asked incredulously.
"Yes," Suvorov nodded, "It'll be hard to find people more motivated to want to go down and kick Colonel LaPorte's ass right over the Mavelan border.  Especially when Medoferro gets up there and lays out what that traitor has done."
"How do you propose to get them to listen?" Insegniferro asked, "I take it you have an idea."
"I do," Suvorov said, "But it's going to take a bit of coin."
"How much coin?" Paulus asked him, "And for what purpose?"
"If I buy a couple rounds of drinks," Suvorov grinned, "They'll be inclined to listen to me a little more friendly like.  That's the culture of those pubs."
"I haven't been to a pub since I was a teenager," Insegniferro said, "But we can spare the coin for it."
"So who is going with us?" Paulus asked him, "Seeing as Tolando is not with us anymore?"
"We'll be all right," Suvorov said, "Let's go get this over with."
"See the treasury for the coin," Insegniferro said, "I will see to the final preparations for tonight."
"Let's go, Paulus," Suvorov said, "We have people to convert."

Chapter 95 - Impending Arrivals

The land barge passed through Polonion fairly quickly and made it to Nessun Cucchiaio without any incident.  Dave Minear's interviews with the new Mullinix went particularly well and he departed the group just after the quick gathering in Nessun Cucchiaio.  It was on the last leg of the trip that Medoferro started to get really nervous.
"You look like you've swallowed a nervous cat," Trinaferro noted, watching Medoferro pace across the deck of the land barge, "Are you that nervous about tonight?"
"Wouldn't you be?" Medoferro asked her, "I mean so much of this rides on me now… What the hell was I thinking?"
"You were thinking," Trinaferro told him, "That's more that most of us were managing to do."
"What if I fuck it up?" Medoferro asked her, "I mean I'm not an orator.  I nearly threw up when I had to present a speech to my school, and in that case there were only a few hundred people.  Now I'm going to give a speech for thousands?  Who the hell am I kidding?"
"You can do it, Medo," Trinaferro said, standing up and pulling him to a stop, "It's not like you have to create Shakespeare here or anything.  Just get up there and tell the truth.  You can do that."
"What if it doesn't work?" Medo said, "I mean, if we can't convince these people to join us then we'll be going down there with a group of people who are our age…"
"Don't count them out," Trina grinned, "I mean, look at us.  Who would have thought that we'd be doing this.  They're just like us for the most part, eager to prove that they are indeed Mullinix."
"I just don't know," Medo sighed, "I mean I'll be trying to talk them into doing something that could get them killed.  Who am I to do that?  I could have been one of them."
"You are one of them," Trina reminded him, "You didn't want this anymore than I did.  Just think though.  There are people out there, LaPorte among them, that don't think anything about throwing people's lives away.  We're in the right and you're agonizing over it.  I think that means you're just the right person for it."
"Don't say that too loudly," Medo sighed, "People might start believing it."
"Come on," Trinaferro told him, "Sit down with me.  We have to be official in a couple hours.  I want some time with you first."
"Ok," Medo smiled, sitting down with her and leaning against her, "Thanks."
"Don't thank me," Trina chuckled, "The worst is yet to come.  You may curse me yet for pushing you in the direction that you're going to take."
"No worse than I will myself, I'm sure," Medoferro said, "But enough about that.  Let's relax for now."
Trina nodded and curled up with him, hoping that she had done the right thing in encouraging him.

Chapter 96 - A Recruiting Drive

Paulus and Suvorov walked up to a large, dilapidated bar on the northern outskirts of Mullinix Centre.  This was a part of town that was usually not visited by more respectable people.  In fact, even most of the city guard didn’t patrol it regularly.  A few really dirty people were sitting around outside as the two men approached.   
"You are kidding me, right?" Paulus asked Suvorov, "What the hell are we doing in this area?"
"Getting the people with the least to lose and the largest hatred for Ellis LaPorte," Suvorov explained, "Come on inside.  I’ll show you."
Paulus grunted a little, but followed the larger man into the bar.  It was scarcely cleaner on the inside as it was on the outside, though there were more people present inside.  The clamor was a bit overpowering, as was the smell, but Paulus managed to make do.  It was, after all, a better environment than he’d had in Cirrus while he was there.
Suvorov walked up to the bar and took one of the empty seats.  Paulus took the one next to Suvorov and then dodged a bottle that was thrown by a seated patron.  The patron had recognized Paulus for who he was and decided to show his displeasure appropriately.  The bartender saw this and walked over to greet Suvorov.
"Haven’t seen you in lately, Rav," the bartender said, holding out a hand that Suvorov shook vigorously, "You’re courting trouble in here bringing a Mullinix Rep with you.  You know that."
"I know," Suvorov agreed, "But there are some things going down.   A lot of what happened down in Cirrus isn’t what we thought it was."
"What do you mean?" the bartender asked, still looking at Paulus, "You mean they’ve got you believing this bullshit?"
"I’ve talked to the Mullinix about it, Cholt," Suvorov said, "None of the Mullinix had a clue about the insane shit we were doing down there.   Tony Stack was whitewashing all of it before it came up here."
"Figures," Cholt grunted, "But the Mullinix were responsible."
"We all make mistakes," Paulus said, "Ellis LaPorte is turning out to be ours."
"LaPorte is just a stooge," Cholt said, "The blame lies higher."
"That it does," Suvorov agreed, "But not on our side of the border."
"Care to explain, Rav?" Cholt said, "I mean, you were usually as quick as we were to blame the higher ups."
"The Mavelans," Suvorov told him, "Those sons of bitches were behind it all."
"Right," Cholt scoffed, "Like LaPorte would have stood for that."
"LaPorte is working for the Mavelans," Paulus said, "Son of a bitch is planning on handing Cirrus over, lock stock and barrel."
"You’re kidding, right?" Cholt said, "I mean, LaPorte always had delusions of grandeur, but is he nuts?  The Mavelans?"
"Paulus spent several days in LaPorte’s jail," Suvorov said, "It’s the truth."
"So why tell me this?" Cholt asked him, "What good is old Cholt going to do here?"
"People listen to you, Cholt," Suvorov said, "We want your help."
"Me?" Cholt said, "Work for the government?  Are you nuts?"
"I know the new Mullinix, Cholt," Suvorov said, "He’s young, but he’s a good man.  I’m not asking you to work directly for us.  I just want your help in doing one thing."
"What’s that?" Cholt asked him, "Or do I even want to know?"
"The changeover ceremony is in a few hours," Suvorov said, "Medoferro is going to release a lot of details about the mess down there."
"So?" Cholt wondered, "What does this have to do with me?"
"I want you to be there," Suvorov said, "Along with as many vets as you can find."
"Why?" Cholt asked suspiciously, "What are you up to?"
"We’ve got a plan going to go clean it up," Suvorov said, "If you want a chance to pay back all the assholes who have screwed us over in Cirrus, come to that ceremony."
"What is in it for us?" Cholt asked, "I mean we’ve given our due."
"Here," Suvorov said, passing a bag of coins across the table to Cholt, "This should be enough to pay for several rounds for everyone.  All I ask in return is that you come to the ceremony.  No more than that."
"Do we get to boo?" Cholt asked him, earning a glare from Paulus.
"Only if you don’t see the logic of what Medoferro says," Suvorov said, "Will you do it?"
"I’ll get them there," Cholt agreed, "I make no promises other than that."
"Good enough," Suvorov said, "Thanks, Cholt."
Suvorov nudged Paulus and the two of them made their way out of the bar.  Paulus looked at the other man with a bit of skepticism, seeing as he didn’t think that this would work.  Suvorov waited until they were a good ways away from the bar to explain his actions to Paulus.
"These people are no longer very patriotic," Suvorov explained, "They understand few things other than alcohol and hate.  The trick isn’t so much to make them want to help us as to make them want to get back at LaPorte.   I’m betting that Medoferro’s speech, and Cholt spreading what I told him will push them to wanting their shot."
"I hope you’re right," Paulus said, "Otherwise we’re going down against Mavelan regulars with a bunch of fresh recruits."
"Trust me," Suvorov grinned, "I know how these people think."
"Why’s that?" Paulus asked him.
"Because I was one of them," Suvorov said simply, "Come on.  We’ve got another bar to do this same thing at.  Hardin will be just as tough a nut to crack as Cholt."

Chapter 97 - Mullinix Centre

It was late in the evening when the land barge made it back to the Palace.  Stacy and Simon had their assignments and went to carry them out while Medoferro and Trinaferro went back into the palace.  Marina went up and hugged both Medo and Trina, smiling at both of them.
"Welcome home guys," Marina smiled, "Looks like you've stirred up a bee's nest worth of activity."
"More than we care to admit," Trinaferro said, not quite sure how to handle her yet, "How is everyone here?"
"Most of us had a good cry last night," Marina said, "We've lived with him for so long, it's hard to believe he's gone."
"Well the people responsible will pay," Medoferro promised, "We will start that process tonight."
"That's what Iggy said," Marina nodded, "You've come a long way in a week too."
"No choice, Marina," Medo told her, "A lot of things have changed."
"I heard," Marina nodded and smiled a little at the two of them, "I'm glad you two finally hooked up with each other."
"You're not mad?" Trina asked her, "I mean you and him…"
"I'm not capable of giving him what he needs," Marina said, shaking her head softly, "You are, Miranda… I mean Trina.  He's a man capable of great love, some of which I was lucky enough for him to show me."
Marina went over and took both of their hands, grasping them for a moment before bringing them all together.  She looked at both of them and smiled a little, radiating more warmth in that moment than Medo had ever seen emanating from the diminutive redhead.
"You know my history, Medo," Marina said, "I'm missing something inside, something that I'll never be able to approach in more than minute doses.  Just seeing you two walk up together, I see something between you that I envy and wish that I could share but know I never will."
"You may," Medoferro told her, "It'll hit you when you least expect it."
"Maybe," Marina nodded, "I'm just glad that you've found that one."
"Am I that one for you, Medo?" Trina grinned, looking at him.
"If you're not," Medo chuckled, "Then I think when I find that one she will kill me with the power of it."
"See what I mean," Marina chuckled, "You two just have that chemistry."
"Just promise me this," Medo said to Marina, "That even though that dynamic has changed you'll remain a good friend?"
"You can't take that away," Marina said, "You two have some work ahead of you though."
"I know," Trina agreed, "How close are we on the plans?"
"They've got the stage set," Marina told them, "I just wish we didn't have to do it so soon."
"How is Marianna handling it?" Medo asked Marina, not wanting to think about it yet, "Is she doing all right?  I know she was close to Massy."
"Sascha has been with her since the news came in," Marina told them, "The rest of us have pretty much taken care of the local details."
"How long do I have?" Medo asked.
"Not long enough for you, I'm sure," Trina told him, "You've been dreading this all day."
"They should be ready any time," Marina told them, "They had gotten most everything ready on the stage.  Insegniferro is over in the waiting area waiting for you.  They figured we'd do it soon after your return."
"Let's go," Medo said, "We need to get this over with."
Trina nodded and took his hand.  They walked together over to the area over at the side of the stage.  It was a strange feeling for Medoferro, as the last time he'd been in this area was the day that he'd become the apprentice.  Insegniferro was waiting for them on a bench, one that gave him a view of the building crowds.
"Welcome home, Medo," Insegniferro said to the young Mullinix, "You're looking better than I'd be led to expect."
"It's an act," Medoferro said, shaking hands with the elder, "That and a bit of relaxation."
"Welcome to your new home," Insegniferro said, welcoming Trinaferro, "Sorry we had to do that to you."
"Nothing you could do," Trinaferro said, "Wasn't your fault that Coblein screwed us all over."
"Speaking of," Insegniferro, "Where is he?"
"Stacy is overseeing his transfer," Medo explained, "She's in a bit better shape now that she's had a bit of sleep."
"Don't work her too hard," Insegniferro warned, "You've probably got some rough times ahead of you."
"I'm trying not to remember that right now," Medoferro said, "How are things shaping up?"
"The crowds are already forming," Insegniferro said, gesturing towards the door, "The lines have been going nuts with that interview you gave.  Opinions are mixed, but most are surprised that you two admitted your intimate relationship so readily."
"Good," Medoferro said, "Just wait until they get a load of what I say tonight."
"I just hope it works," Insegniferro nodded, "Where's Simon?"
"He's with an operator working to get the news people ready," Trina told them, "Why give LaPorte an advertisement we're coming?  We will have the lines going to Taliaferro Village and points south cut."
"You sure you're ready for this, Medo?" Insegniferro asked him, "You look a bit shaky."
"I'm scared as hell," Medo said, "I'm about to give this nation a bit of bad news that's unparalleled in recent memory.  How do you think I feel?"
"I'm thinking I'm glad it's you and not me making this speech," Insegniferro nodded, "I never imagined when we were standing here six months ago that I would be making a return appearance."
"At least we won't have to stand through the damned receiving line," Medoferro grinned, "Gotta see the positives of it, right?"
"Precious few of those," Insegniferro nodded, "I have to ask, Medo.  Are you sure about doing this?"
"Do we have a choice anymore?" Medo asked them, "You both agreed that you didn't have any better ideas."
"I don't," Trinaferro nodded, "And what the heck am I supposed to be doing?  Neither of you have told me a thing about that?"
"What did Medo do during the last one, Trina?" Insegniferro asked her, "You were here."
"Mostly shook and looked scared as hell," Medo said sourly, "Right?"
"Yeah," Trina agreed, "That's about it."
"So you know what to do," Iggy chuckled, "It's Medo that has the hard part this time."
"Let's just hope it works," Medo said, "Cause if it doesn't then we're all in trouble."

Chapter 98 - The Speech

Paulus and Suvorov took their seats in front of the stage.  The local guard had already taken care of the security for the event, so they just had to take their seats and watch.  Stacy joined them, still looking more than a little tired from the days of little sleep.
"How's he doing?" Stacy asked, "Anyone see Medo yet?"
"We just got back ourselves," Paulus said, "I'm betting he's nervous as hell now."
"I think he'll get the job done," Suvorov said, "Just watch."
"We'll find out in a minute," Stacy said, nodding at the stage, "Looks like they are getting started."
The lights came up and the three Mullinix walked out on to the stage.   Insegniferro, as the Elder, took the same position he did during the ceremony six months before.  Medoferro took the second position in line, followed closely by Trinaferro.  They all looked appropriately solemn wearing the necessary ceremonial garb that luckily was designed to fit well on either a man or a woman.
They all watched as Massimaferro's casket was moved out on to the stage and placed out on to a tilted platform, showing the embalmed body to the solemn crowd.  Insegniferro, the one who was required by tradition to speak first in this situation, went over to the casket and took a quick look at his old friend before looking out at the audience.
"Where are they?" Paulus asked Suvorov quietly as Insegniferro prepared himself to speak, "They're not here…"
"They'll be here," Suvorov promised, "Just wait…"
"Citizens," Insegniferro said in his loud teacher voice, exactly as he done before, "It is my sad duty today to report to you the death of our esteemed Mullinix, Massimaferro."
Insegniferro looked up and met the crowd's stare as he waited for the murmuring to die down a little.   Medoferro and Trinaferro looked at each other, both a little scared by what this ceremony meant.  They quietly took each other's hands as they watched Insegniferro continue his opening.
"I had hoped that the passing of Taliaferro had meant that I would never have to go through this ceremony again," Insegniferro continued, continuing with the truth. "Just as Taliaferro had been one of the longest serving Mullinix in history, unfortunately, Massimaferro has now become one of the shortest serving.  As my apprentice for over thirty years, I not only taught him but I myself have learned a lot from him and will miss him terribly.  We in the palace hope, as you on the street most likely do as well, that Massimaferro is in a better place."
Everyone bowed their heads in respect to the fallen Mullinix.  Paulus looked out at the crowd and knew that unless those people showed up soon, Medoferro's plan was doomed to failure.
"As has happened before and will happen again," Insegniferro started, again using nearly the same wording he had during Taliaferro's funeral before, "It is time for the Mantle of leadership to change.   The tradition states that the reigning Mullinix must now step aside for another generation to take control.  Unfortunately, I now have to bend tradition a bit, as I have already ceded the power.  I will now fulfill that tradition as best I can, however, and introduce to you our new Mullinix, young Medoferro!"
Medoferro looked at Trina and gave her hand a squeeze before walking out and looking at the crowd.  He was internally shaking, but knew that he was in the right and that a lot was riding on him.   He pushed his hair back and paused a moment before addressing the breathless crowd.
"Thank you for coming tonight," Medoferro said, looking out there, "I imagine many of you came to the last one six months ago and are almost as surprised as I am to see me standing out here in this spot so soon."
A murmur of agreement came across as the crowd wondered just what he was up to.
"I shall break from tradition a little bit tonight," Medoferro said, "Because this is a very non-traditional situation.  Most of you who have been reading the news know that we have chosen a new apprentice.  The first thing I will do, before I go into the rest of it, is introduce her to you."
Medoferro waved for Trina to come forward and she did, nodding at him while she did.   The chemistry between the two of them was apparent to anyone who cared to notice, but it did not take over the proceedings by any stretch.
"Miranda Studebaker has been my friend ever since we were both in service center together," Medoferro told the crowd, "Her name first came up for Mullinix service at the same time mine did.  It was purely luck and a comment at an inopportune time that got me over the job.  Well, inopportune for me at any rate, as I didn't want the job at all."
This caused a nervous chuckle from the crowd and a smile and nod from Trinaferro.
"Rather than put everyone through the search again," Medoferro continued, "We decided to go with their other choice, hence the reason Miranda is standing here on this stage beside me.  I present to you, the citizens of the empire, Trinaferro, our new Mullinix apprentice!  Stand up and bow for the audience, Trina, let them take a good look at you."
Trinaferro blushed a little at Medoferro's glowing introduction, but went to the front of the stage and bowed for the audience.  Knowing she wasn't expected to say anything at this time she waved and went to the back of the stage, gripping Medoferro's shoulder quickly as she passed.   Medoferro put his hand over hers and then faced the audience again.
"The traditional requirements now being met," Medoferro said, "I now have to depart from Tradition to give you, the people of the empire, a bit of information."
This caused a bit of a stir as the people were not expecting more than a few words out of Medoferro.  They were also surprised that he had not spoken more about his predecessor, Massimaferro.  Medoferro was about to remedy this, he just hoped he could deliver it convincingly.
"This is a dangerous time for the empire," Medoferro told them, speaking loudly and clearly, "I know that most of you were led to believe that Massimaferro's death was a sad fact of timing.  I must apologize for letting this bit of misinformation stand so long. I will now correct it and give you my reasons for it.
"Massimaferro was not stricken by a standard heart attack, nor was he sick from any normal ailment over the past week.  While most of us traveling with him were trying to help him, one of our own betrayed us in a most heinous way.  You have heard the rumors surrounding our search for Ari Coblein up north.
"I am here to tell you now that the rumors are true.   Massimaferro's fatal heart attack was caused by an allergic reaction to a drug that Medico Coblein had been surreptitiously administering to him in an attempt to muddle his mind for the upcoming economic conferences in Siraq!"
Medoferro let this piece of information settle in the crowd's mind as he prepared himself to continue.  The audience was listening attentively and waiting for more.  Medoferro was about to continue when a mass of people started approaching.  The guards looked worried for a few minutes until Medoferro held his hand out to stop them.
"I told you they would come," Suvorov grinned, looking at Paulus, "Now let's see if Medo can deliver."
"Welcome!" Medoferro exclaimed, "Please, do join us here.  I think you will find the rest of the information I'm giving of interest."
Cholt and Hardin, the two unabashed leaders of the disaffected people, walked in with their followers.  Suvorov had already made sure that there was a section of seats left available for them.  The crowd swelled with these extra people, who Medoferro let get situated before he continued.
"Now," Medoferro said, "You may think you know why Massimaferro was drugged by Ari Coblein.  You think the Siraqis did it to gain an advantage.  That was my first thought as well, but that thought only lasted until I had the facts.
"Once we apprehended Ari Coblein the pieces began to come together.  The Siraq conference was not the main event, but merely a sideshow.  The real problem in the empire is not the trade deal with Siraq, but it is the festering sore in the south.  You all know what I mean by this, as it is one of the more common derogatory terms used by people all over the empire about the Cirrus region.
"You see, all this has been caused by someone who has been playing a game of which we have just lately become aware.  Those of you who are familiar with Cirrus, either by the news reports or from personal experience, will know about whom I am speaking, the man responsible for the colossal disaster that Cirrus has become."
Medoferro let them make their guesses as he got his breath and made himself ready to continue.  He looked out into the crowd towards Cholt and Hardin.  They were making eye contact with him, determining how far to trust what he was saying.
"That man," Medoferro said finally, "Is Colonel Ellis LaPorte.  You see, things were done down there in our name that we were never told about.   Evidently, this has been going on for nearly a decade, and had been completely undiscovered due to the complicity of the duplicity of some key people.
"As you may have suspected after hearing this, most of what you know about Cirrus is wrong, it turns out, and that was thanks to another traitor in our ranks, one that you all know about now, former Clerk Exchequer Anthony Stack.
"Major Stack served with Colonel LaPorte in several postings, including the first years of LaPorte's provisional administration of Cirrus.  Once he was put up, through Ellis LaPorte's machinations, to the position of Clerk Exchequer the changes in Cirrus began in earnest.
"Massacres were covered up, fake incursions by the Mavelans were created, all for the purpose of extorting funds from the Mullinix general treasury.  It all started out as a grand scheme of fraud and deceit, only for financial gain.  It quickly turned into something much more dire for the empire.  Mr. Tally, could you stand up please and let the crowd see you?"
Paulus nodded, pulling his small frame up and facing the audience.  It didn't take much to tell that Paulus had just recently been through a really lousy time, as he was still a bit gaunt and the food hadn't caught up to him yet.  Medoferro let the crowd look at him for a few moments before continuing.
"Paulus Tally is Massimaferro's personal representative," Medoferro explained, "All of you should be aware of his rank and purpose.  They represent us in the field so that we always have an idea of what is going on in the empire.  It is a system that has worked well for us over the years, but was perverted by LaPorte's Machiavellian plan.
"You see, Paulus was sent down to Cirrus just like many of you were.  His job was to try to figure out what was going on down there, why so many people like you were getting so angry at us about what was going on down there.  Unfortunately, he got a bit more than any of us bargained for.
"He found evidence of many of the illegal activities and the apathy that Ellis LaPorte has been cultivating down there.  Most of you who have been there have stories to tell and reasons for being in the positions that you are now.  At one time money was enough for Colonel LaPorte, but as you all know, that is no longer the case.
"He's been trying to force people to stop caring about what happens to Cirrus for a reason.  None of this made sense to us until Paulus managed to escape and return here.  Even when I first learned about his being behind the death of Massimaferro I was skeptical, mainly because I didn't know why he was doing this."
Medoferro paused for a moment to let people digest what he had told them.  He was thankful for the few drama classes he'd taken in school, as they were proving immensely useful here.  Once the crowd settled he continued on with what they all knew was coming.
"I now know why he is doing this," Medoferro said to them, matter of factly, "As I said, greed and gluttony are not enough for this madman.  He wanted more.  What more can one want other than money and the control he already exerted over the lives in Cirrus?
"He wants power, citizens.  He wants to be able to be in control of life or death.  He wants to be able to do what he wants, when he wants and how he wants without the controls we have put in place to ensure that one person cannot do this.  The Mullinix structure is too rigid for what Ellis LaPorte wants, so he decided to do something that would ensure his power over the people in Cirrus and give him a chance at ruling others.
"You see, he plans on defecting to the Mavelans and bringing Cirrus over with him.  His reward for such treachery?  He will become the Mavelan governor of the Cirrus region.  I don't know how much you know about the Mavelan power structure, but a governor down there wields literal life and death power over each and every citizen.  They answer to no one but King Facie, who could not care less about the people so long as they pay their taxes on time."
"Good!" one malcontent in the crowd yelled, "Serves them right!  Let them deal with that hell hole!"
"I admit," Medoferro nodded, "That if we allowed Cirrus to go back to the Mavelans, it would solve a few problems.  But that's only one part of this equation.  It would definitely be easier to just let Ellis LaPorte get away with his treachery and to give a chunk of the country that's always been a problem over to him.  I'm sure that would make a lot of people's lives easier."
Medoferro paused again, looking back at the other Mullinix.  Trinaferro gave him a quick smile for encouragement.  Insegniferro remained looking dignified, but gave him a quick nod and a sly smile.  Medoferro nodded back and turned to the crowd.
"However, it wouldn't be the right thing to do!" Medoferro exclaimed, "Those people down there decided of their own free will to become Mullinix citizens.  Twenty-five years ago, they went against everything they knew and overthrew the cruel Mavelan overlords that ruled over them.
"Not only did they overthrow them, they asked us for help.  Massimaferro and Insegniferro, then both young Mullinix, decided to give those people a chance at freedom.  And the people of Cirrus City and the surrounding areas repaid this nation with dividends that we're still feeling.
"Every adult citizen passed all their citizenship requirements, most of them while still working full time jobs and providing for their families.  The people in that area did nothing to deserve what was done to them by Colonel LaPorte.  They are all Mullinix citizens and deserve decidedly better than the hell planned for them by LaPorte and the Mavelans."
Medoferro looked over the crowd and made sure this point set in properly.  He wanted to make sure that each and every person out there realized that this could have happened to any one of them, had they had the misfortune to have been born in an area that wasn't so close to the center of the empire.
"I want you to think long and hard about what it means to be a citizen of the Mullinix Empire," Medoferro said to them, lecturing almost like a teacher, "Because what you decide today will help decide just what being a citizen of this empire means.  If we let them do this to Mullinix Citizens in Cirrus, then what is to stop them from doing it to Mullinix Citizens anywhere?"
There was a general murmur of agreement.  Medoferro had struck a chord that everyone could agree with.  Even the malcontents in the back were agreeing with the wisdom of Medoferro's words.  Suvorov actually smiled a little from the front row.  They all knew that Medoferro had them, now it was time to close it up.
"I don't have any easy answers for you now," Medoferro told them, "But I do know this.  I will not stand idly by and watch Mullinix citizens be taken without a fight and enslaved by the Colonel LaPorte and his Mavelan Friends.  I cannot let that happen, not without at least trying.
"The military recruit class will be diverted today to the south by train.  This is already being set up.  The one thing we are short on, however, is military trained personnel who actually know the Cirrus region.  I do not want to have to send in green troops without people who have been there.  I will if I have to, but I am hoping that some of you might want to help."
There was silence for a few moments, aside from a single forced laugh.  Medoferro knew that it would take more than a plea.   This is why he had decided to go down himself.
"I know," Medoferro said, "Most of you don't want to remember that place, let alone go back there.  But, this won't be a repeat of last time, I promise you that.  I won't let it become such."
"How can you promise that?" Cholt yelled, "That's what they said the last time!"
"Because this time I am going down there too," Medoferro said, "They won't let me be in the front lines, but I will be in Cirrus along with the people commanding this army of freedom.  I promise you, on the honor of the office that I now hold, that we will not let this go down quietly!"
There was a band of applause from the locals, but the reaction among the disaffected elements was a bit more mixed.  Medoferro watched out and waited for someone to move towards the stands that Marina and other house staff members put up for people to sign up with.
Medoferro watched nervously for a moment as everyone watched.  There were quiet conversations among the disaffected sorts in the back, but for a long moment nobody went for the stands to sign up.  It continued that way until the least likely person stood up and made eye contact with Medoferro.
Cholt, one of the leaders of the disaffected people, looked long and hard at Medoferro while trying to size him up.   Medoferro met the look and didn't disappoint the man.  Cholt finally nodded and walked over to Marina's stand.  Everyone in the crowd breathed a small sigh of relief as he signed the book.
Cholt's signature was the icebreaker.  Men started forming in lines at the stands to sign up for the expedition.  Patriotism won out over the deep-seated distrust of the government.   Medoferro had done it, he had won over the people he badly needed.  Insegniferro went over and clapped Medo on the shoulder as Trina went and gave him a large hug.
"Thank you all!" Medoferro exclaimed, "Go ahead and sign up.  We'll form up in the parade grounds in three hours.  Be ready to go at that point, as we're not going to give LaPorte a chance to warn his Mavelan cronies.  It's time to do this, and more over it is time to do it right!"

Chapter 99 - Separation Anxiety

Following the speech the three Mullinix retired to the palace for an elaborate dinner.  They all knew that they didn't have the time for a party like they had the night Tali died, but they figured they could spare the time to eat together for the first time as Mullinix.
The house staff put together a veritable feast, a rather large one considering that half of them had been co-opted into running the registration booths at the ceremony.  The service was quick and the meal a simple staple one, mainly because Medoferro wouldn't have the luxury of sleeping off a large meal before getting on the trains.
"You pulled it off, Medo," Insegniferro said, "Massimaferro would have been proud of the way you convinced them to join."
"I only told the truth," Medoferro said, "That makes a whole lot of difference."
"I still don't like this," Trinaferro said, "I mean, isn't it dangerous for him to go down to Cirrus?"
"It is," Medoferro said, "But I have to go, otherwise none of the people we need will."
"I don't like it either, Trina," Insegniferro nodded, "But he's right.  We've let things go too badly for too long.  This is the only way we can get the trust back in time to get this squared away."
"That takes care of him," Roland said, "What about the rest of us.  Are we sticking to the earlier plan?"
"I'm going with Medoferro," Simon said, "That's non-negotiable.  He and I work well as a power team, which will be good for self defense."
"I've got the most recent knowledge of the area," Paulus said, "I'm going as well."
"Stacy and I will travel north tomorrow morning," Insegniferro said, "I'll handle the Siraqi king and Stacy can do the security arrangements."
"When are they due?" Stacy asked them, "Nobody ever bothered to tell me that."
"They work on Siraqi time," Roland said, "Since they're probably nervous as hell right now, they'll probably be early or on time.  Most likely they'll be there sometime tomorrow."
"Good," Insegniferro smiled, "I'm actually looking forward to this one.  We'll be there before they are."
"That leaves Trina and I sitting here on our hands," Roland said, "Right?"
"Someone has to stay here," Medoferro said, "Besides, you two will be the important communications link between us and the people."
"So I get to face the press?" Trinaferro asked, making a face, "I think I'd rather face the Mavelans or Siraqis."
"We all have our crosses to bear," Medoferro said, "Let's just hope that we can do this quickly and get it done right."
"Amen to that," Roland nodded, "I just wish we'd get a longer rest time."
"We can rest when it's over with," Medoferro told them, "I just want to get this mess cleaned up so that when it's done I can take a vacation."
"A vacation huh?" Insegniferro chuckled, "Sounds like wishful thinking to me."
"We can but dream," Medoferro said, "I'll settle for making sure that Cirrus doesn't become a problem again.  How's that?"
"I think we can all drink to that," Simon said, raising his glass, "To the end of messes everywhere!"
"Or at least the ones we know about," Insegniferro agreed, "The rest we'll deal with when they come up."
The rest of the dinner went quickly, as none of them particularly wanted to talk much.  They knew they had some rough times ahead, but they all felt like they had talked enough, at least until the dinner was over and everyone started to move. 
"I can't convince you to stay the night," Trinaferro asked her man when they got each other alone after dinner, "Can I?"
"If I don't go then it won't work," Medoferro told her, "You know that as well as I do."
"I know," Trina sighed, "We've been over it over and over again.  I know why, doesn't mean I have to like it though."
"I'll be back before you know it," Medoferro promised her, pushing her dark hair aside, "Just make sure that there is a place for me when I get back."
"You know there will be," Trinaferro smiled, "When do you have to go?"
"As soon as the trains are ready," Medoferro told her, "Probably another hour or so.  Suvorov is overseeing that so I don't have to."
"Good," Trinaferro smiled, "Show me to your room then.  You mind if I stay there until you get back?"
"Just so long as you stay there when I do get back," Medoferro grinned, "My home is yours."
"Of course," Trinaferro agreed, "Wouldn't have it any other way."
They walked together hand in hand and went up to the chambers.  Trina had been there before, but this was different.  It was the first time she'd been there since she had assumed the position of apprentice.  They were still pleasant to look at, but it felt more confining for her now, something Medoferro sensed as they approached.
"Welcome home, Miranda," Medo said, deliberately using her real name, "It's that for both of us now."
"You know," Trinaferro said, "There's only one thing that makes it home for me, and that's you."
Medoferro hugged her tightly, kissing her softly as he silently admitted she was right.  It did feel more like he was going to be leaving home this time.  Not like the last trip with Massimaferro felt at all.  She looked into his eyes and pulled him over to the couch with her.
"I don't care how important this is, Copeland," she told him, the sadness evident in her eyes, "It isn't worth your life.  You had better come back to me safe, got it?"
"Don't worry," Medoferro smiled, tracing a finger down her cheek, "You won't get rid of me that easy.  Now give me a long kiss so I have a taste of what I'm coming back to."
"You've got nearly an hour," Trinaferro reminded him, "If you wouldn't mind spending it with me, I will give you more than just a taste…"
"You sure?" Medo asked her, "I mean it would have to be a quickie, not much to it?"
"I think there will be plenty to it," she smiled, "Come on, don't think about it, do it…"
"Well," Medoferro nodded, scooping her up and bringing her into the bedroom, "If you insist."

Chapter 100 - The Calm Before the Storm

It was nearly one in the morning as Ellis LaPorte met again with the Mavelan General Jagards and a few of his trusted aides.  He was nervous, but ready to begin to see the efforts of his work come together.  He smoked his fine cigar, one that he'd been holding on to for the day of his greatest triumph, and looked at the other men in the room.
"Are you ready for our finest hour?" LaPorte asked them, "Our side is ready if yours is, General Jagards."
"How do you propose to do this?" Jagards said, "I never did get that part of your plan.  There are nearly two thousand Mullinix soldiers around here."
"Most of them are conscripts," LaPorte explained, "This place is considered a lousy posting, so most of them are the ones who were too dumb to get themselves better posts.  I've also been systematically making them hate this place, and by extension the country that sent them here."
"So how does that help us?" Jagards wondered, "That should just piss them off."
"When I give the order," LaPorte explained, "The few leaders that are not in my pocket will be executed.  When your people come over the border there is going to be a massive panic.  Since their officers won't be there to direct them, most of them will fall apart."
"We basically come in and take control," the Mavelan nodded, "Restoring order and you become a Mavelan governor."
"You got it," LaPorte nodded, "I just have to give the order and the executions start."
"Any news out of Mullinix Centre?" Jagards asked him, "Wasn't there some sort of ceremony on tonight?"
"La Pen?" LaPorte asked an aide, "Anything from up north?"
"Lines have been quiet since about six," Joe La Pen told them, "The news lines are quiet too."
"That's odd," LaPorte said, "No news at all?"
"Just the usual description of the ceremonies at Mullinix Centre," La Pen shrugged, "Nothing particularly enlightening.  Most likely all the reporters are at the ceremony still, covering the bullshit."
"Perfect time to start the ball rolling," LaPorte said, "The three Mullinix will be drunk at the party after the ascension ceremony.  That will delay things further.  I didn't intend to kill Massimaferro, but the effects can't be sneezed at.  What do you think, Jagards?"
"Give your orders," Jagards nodded, still not sure but following his own orders from King Facie to go along for the ride, "My people should be gathered at the mountain outposts when I get back.  They'll come down the mountain at dawn."
"We'll be ready," LaPorte said and then tapped his shoulder, "Be sure your people know to look for this patch.  The ones wearing that are my troopers.  Anyone else with a weapon is fair game."
"Give me a few of them to give to my commanders," Jagards instructed LaPorte, "Keep your people out of the city.  That's where we'll concentrate first."
"They're on ground duty tonight," LaPorte told him, "Anyone out there is a Mullinix regular and therefore fair game."
"You got it," Jagards nodded, "See you in a few hours."
Jagards and Le Pen both left the room and left LaPorte alone.  He took a long drag on his cigar and looked out the window of his mansion.  He was on the cusp of his largest victory.  He'd always wondered what being in power really felt like, now it was time for him to find out.

Chapter 101 - The Train

It was nearly two in the morning and the trains were well on their way to Taliaferro village.  Medoferro, Simon, Paulus Tally and Rav Suvorov were all riding in the lead train car, watching the scenery pass by faster than most of them were used to.  Medoferro had a hard look on his face as he watched the countryside pass by.
"What's up, Medo?" Simon asked, "You look way too serious, especially seeing as how you and Trina disappeared for a while.  What's up?"
"Just wondering what this morning will hold," Medoferro said, "Hoping we're not too late."
"We have a good crew," Suvorov said, "Final count is nearly seventeen hundred.  Considering most of the people in that area are still loyal Mullinix, we can probably easily double it when we're done."
"Only if they haven't started already," Paulus reminded him, "If they have, it will be total chaos."
"Well let's hope they haven't been spooked," Suvorov said, "I'm more nervous about what we will find in Taliaferro village."
"So long as the special guard group you brought does their job," Paulus said, "We need to make damn sure that nobody warns LaPorte we're coming."
"They'll do it," Suvorov promised, "They're trained for that.  The opposition shouldn't know anything about us anyway.  We should be able to get in and take over the line, sending the all clear signal up the way."
"Just be careful," Paulus said, "Don't let LaPorte's goons escape if they're still looking for me.  If they get there before we do it won't be good for our plan."
"Or our health," Simon quipped.
Medoferro sighed and watched the scenery pass by.  His plan was in motion now.  All he could do was watch, something that didn't sit well with his nature.  He just didn't know how much difference he could make from here on out.  It was something he wouldn't find out until the time.

Chapter 102 - The Kitchen

Trinaferro walked into the kitchen in the palace looking for something to settle her stomach.  It turned out that she wasn't the only one with that idea.  Insegniferro was standing in front of the ice box, looking in for some milk as well.   He heard her come in and turned around to see who it was.
"Trina," Iggy said, "You can't sleep either, huh?"
"Every time I try I think of him," she explained, "Can't even come close to getting to sleep."
"He's changed a lot, hasn't he?" Iggy asked her, "Since you first met him?"
"In good ways, mostly," Trina nodded, "I still worry about him though."
"That's what love is about, Trina," Iggy told her, "And you love him dearly.  I noticed that between you two as soon as you walked in together."
"It shows that much, huh?" Trina asked him, "Or do you share Medo's abilities?"
"I'm a garden variety human," Iggy said, "I know not what Medo does, only that it works and that his heart is in the right place."
"Along with other things," Trina chuckled, "Anyway…"
"Don't worry about him," Iggy told her, trying to be reassuring, "If anyone can pull this off, it is our Medoferro.  The one thing I've learned about that boy is not to underestimate him."
"It's just jitters, Iggy," she promised, "Nothing major.  I'm more worried about being left here alone, to be honest."
"I know," Insegniferro nodded, "I do have a story that might help you though."
"Oh?" Trina asked him, "Do tell."
"A long time ago there was a young Mullinix who had just come in, much like you have," Iggy told her, "The new Mullinix was young as well, so was not much help in comforting or even understanding what the new Mullinix was going through."
"Ok," Trina said, sipping her milk, "What happened?"
"One time both the Mullinix and the Elder had to go out to a conference," Insegniferro continued, "Leaving the new Mullinix alone in the palace for the first time to deal with what came up.   Unfortunately, the new Mullinix had the misfortune of having a nasty feud pop up with one of the surrounding districts."
"I thought that sort of thing was handled by the colonel," Trina said, "Right?"
"It usually is," Insegniferro nodded, "Unless the Colonel happens to be related to one of the families.  He had to sit it out and it was brought right to the palace.  None of the parties were willing to wait and the young Mullinix had to take the case without having so much as sat through a session."
"Sounds frightening," Trina said, "But he got it sorted out, right?"
"Actually," Iggy chuckled, "He made a right mess of it.  By the time that the Mullinix and the Elder came back the two families were at each other's throats, almost turning the palace into a battle ground."
"And this is supposed to make me feel better?" Trina asked, cocking an eyebrow at the elder, "How?"
"You see," Insegniferro said, "When the Mullinix came back, he knew just what was missing from the equation and told the Apprentice.  The Apprentice went in and used that little piece of knowledge."
"And fixed it all, right?" Trina frowned.
"Why would you think that?" Iggy said, "It actually made things worse.  The Mullinix had misremembered the information and managed to insult both parties.  It wasn't until the apprentice managed to convince the leaders of the clans of the inconsistency of their arguments that it was fixed."
"So what are you trying to tell me?" Trina asked him, "That there is no right answer?"
"That no matter how bad it looks," Iggy said, looking very wizened, "It can always be made worse.  Just roll with the punches and do the best you can.  That's all any of us can do."
"Thanks," Trina sighed, "I think."
"Don't mention it," Iggy said, "If you need to talk, let me know."
Trina nodded and started walking towards the staircase again.  Then it occurred to her that there was one question she had neglected to ask.  She caught Iggy's attention and he turned back to her as well.
"Who was it?" Trina asked him, "That Mullinix and Apprentice?"
"Massimaferro was the apprentice," Iggy said, "I was the Mullinix that made it worse.  You see, we're humans, therefore, we are fallible.  Can't let yourself forget that, Trina."
"I won't," Trina smiled, "Thanks, Iggy."

Chapter 103 - Enter the Train Yard

Medoferro, Simon, Paulus and Suvorov were in the lead train as it approached Taliaferro Village.  They weren't expected at this time of the morning, which helped them with the plan.  
Suvorov, the experienced warrior of the group, was taking charge of the initial strike plans.  Medoferro deferred to his expertise, mainly giving approval or disapproval of broad plans.  He left the operational details to the man who knew how to do them.
"The first thing we have to do in this town," Suvorov said, holding a light over a map of Taliaferro Village, "Is to take the government house.  There should be little resistance, but when Paulus came through here LaPorte had goons here.  If they are still here, that is your first job."
"Where does that leave us?" Simon asked him, "Sitting on the train?"
"Not much call for you here," Suvorov said, "Trina would kick my ass if I had you on the front lines."
"We'll need a command post," Medoferro said, "We'll go with you to Government house and set up there."
"It could be dangerous," Suvorov protested.
"I'm not going in first or anything," Medo said, "I'll be in the back letting your group clear it out.  There shouldn't be a major fight here and we need to get started with the organization."
"Good enough," Suvorov nodded, "Take a weapon, just in case."
"I am a weapon, Rav," Medoferro chuckled, "A sword would just get in my way."
"I've seen him fight," Simon said, "I've got the bruises to know he's good.  I'll take the sword though."
"What are you going to do, Paulus?" Suvorov asked him.
"Don't worry about me," Paulus said, "I've got a friend on the outside of town, one who helped me out while I was escaping.  We'll need someone up here that we can trust after we go.  He'll be it."
"Do what you will," Suvorov nodded, glad he didn't have to provide an escort, "We'll be stopping in five minutes.   Be ready to go."
There was a nod of agreement among the people in the train.  This was going to be the touchiest part of the job, as they were going to have to stage out of Taliaferro Village.  The train started stopping as they entered the village.  Before it had even come to a full stop Suvorov's first line people were out the door.
Medoferro and Simon followed behind them at a safe distance as they did a quick search and headed for the government house, some three quarters of a mile away.  It was a quick jog to get there, one that caused very little ruckus as this group was outfitted to be quiet. 
"This is where I depart," Paulus told them, "I need to find Edgar and drag him over here."
"You have twenty minutes," Suvorov said, "I plan to have the government house under control by then."
"I'll be back by then," Paulus promised and disappeared down an alley.
Medo and Simon looked at each other and shrugged. They couldn't believe they were actually doing something like this.  It was a lot more walking than anything else as there was no resistance in Taliaferro Village at all, not that they had really expected anything.  They were mainly just being careful.
Suvorov and four others went in the front door of the government house while the rest went to secure the area.  Medo and Simon, disregarding earlier orders, followed Suvorov inside.  They wanted to see the local Colonel and be there to exert proper authority, lest he think Suvorov and his crew a band of marauders.
Colonel Robin Lauren was dead asleep when Suvorov's people went into the room.  The guard outside was silenced non-lethally and everyone walked in to the room as the surprised Colonel woke up.  He pulled a mini bolt gun out which was quickly taken away by Suvorov.  He looked at the little weapon and chuckled.
"What were you planning on doing with this?" Suvorov asked, "Poke my eye out?"
"Who are you?" Colonel Lauren demanded, "I am a Mullinix Colonel!  You have no right to be in here."
"I am Mullinix Medoferro," Medo said, deciding to take the lead on this, "I have every right to be here."
"What the hell?" Colonel Lauren said, "Why are you here?  I mean…you just ascended…"
"Ellis LaPorte," Medoferro said simply, "You've been helping him in his treason."
"I have not!" Colonel Lauren exclaimed automatically and then thought about it, "Treason?  Ellis LaPorte?"
"He murdered Massimaferro," Medoferro said, looking for reaction, "And word is that you've been helping him."
"You're mistaken!" Colonel Lauren exclaimed, "I have very little contact other than a bit of information passing.  All Colonels do that with other local Colonels?  Is that wrong?"
"What about the goons that LaPorte sent?" Simon asked him, "The ones looking for Paulus Tally?"
"They told me they were looking for an escaped criminal," Colonel Lauren explained, "I mean really… Ellis LaPorte is a traitor?  How?  Massimaferro died of a heart attack, didn't he?"
"Aided by the effects of mellemaic," Medoferro said, "We kept the news from going over the wires down here because we didn't want to tip off the fact that we were coming."
At this point Paulus and a very tired looking Edgar walked into the room, having been let in by the people downstairs.  Edgar looked at Colonel Lauren's predicament and couldn't help having a quick chuckle from it. Paulus looked at the local Colonel with a particular disdain.
"You look surprised to see me, Colonel," Paulus said, "I did make it past your town."
"I swear," Colonel Lauren said, "I didn't know a thing about what he was doing down there."
Medoferro took the Colonel in and realized that he wasn't completely lying.  He wasn't being entirely truthful, but he figured that would come out in a minute or two on his own.  Medoferro looked at Edgar, who looked like he wanted to say something but hadn't yet.
"You obviously have something to say, Edgar," Medoferro said, "Say it.  Now's the time for truth."
"You've been lining your pockets for years here, Robin," Edgar told him, "You were even when I was Crian's representative, you just weren't into anything worth taking the time to prove then.  This is different now.  You've been here too long."
"Why didn't you turn him in?" Paulus asked him, "You know better than that?"
"It wasn't ever anything really bad until now," Edgar shrugged, "A little liquor here, a bit of turning of the eye.  Nothing I could even prove.  But LaPorte seems to have done a good job of turning him.  I didn't say anything because I didn't know how bad it had gotten until you showed up on my doorstep."
"I know one job you can do," Medoferro said, then turning to look at Colonel Lauren, "I think you should strongly consider early retirement, Colonel Lauren.  If you quit quietly now and cooperate with us for the duration of the changeover, we'll refrain from investigating you too thoroughly."
"I believe I've served long enough," Robin Lauren said quickly, glad to be getting the way out, "Time to let someone else have a turn."
"I believe that means you want Edgar as the new Colonel?" Paulus asked Medoferro, smiling.
"You got it," Medo nodded, making a decision and looking at Edgar, "If you'll serve that is?"
"I'll do it," Edgar said, "It has been long enough that I almost miss it.  So long as I don't have to travel, I'll take the job just to get out of retirement.  You may regret it though, I'm a lousy politician."
"Good," Medoferro said, "I don't want another politician.  I want someone who will clean this mess up.  Think you can do it?"
"I don't know," Edgar said, "But I'll do as well as I can."
"Where are LaPorte's goons?" Suvorov asked, "I want them arrested before they can run off and tell LaPorte?"
"Guest cottage," Colonel Lauren said, knowing that whatever Ellis had cooking it wasn't worth his own ass, "Probably still asleep."
"We're on it," one of Suvorov's people said, "We'll have this place secure in thirty minutes.  We already have the line operator under guard."
"Good," Medoferro nodded, "Let's get the forward station set up.  We've got just about four hours to daylight, two of which we need to spend heading towards Cirrus."
"They should be starting on the trains already," Simon said, "I'll go make sure that everything is in order."
"I will report in," Medoferro said, "Let me know when everyone is ready to move, Rav."
"You got it, Mullinix," Rav said, remaining formal.
"Fuck that," Medo growled, "Unless we're in public it's Medo.  I'm going to get formaled out soon enough.  Now let's get to work."

Chapter 104 - The Invasion

As Jagards promised the Mavelan troops started coming down the mountain in force just before daybreak.  They had all been trained to look for the special patches that LaPorte had given his troopers.  Anyone else with a weapon quickly became a target.
Part of LaPorte's plan called for having mass confusion, so to make sure this happened he started patrols of the least senior officers going in similar directions.  To ensure that confusion started, some of LaPorte's trusted people started making noise and shouting Mavelan in odd directions.
Helping in this even further was a battery of thunderstorms that had started dropping rain over the region shortly after the Mavelans started coming over the mountains.   This region was famous for massive thunder showers, the likes of which would often drench the area for hours or days at a time.
These factors combined with the actual invasion made for complete bedlam among the soldiers and residents in the areas.  Battles began and old grudges started to be settled in a most violent fashion.  Soon, nobody knew who was on what side anymore, a situation that LaPorte watched from his grand window.
"Good," LaPorte said to himself and then removed his Mullinix insignia from his uniform, "Let the fools kill each other.  We'll go in with the Mavelan soldiers and take over what is left."
He looked at the insignia for a few moments and turned to the fire glowing brightly in the fireplace.  He threw the patch into the flames and watched it burn, just the way his bridges were burning behind him.  Ellis LaPorte watched the flames and turned emotionlessly back to the window.  
"My time has come," LaPorte said, blowing smoke, "Goodbye, Mullinix Empire."

Chapter 105 - Welcome to the Jungle

The Mullinix expeditionary forces reached Cirrus City about thirty minutes or so after the full invasion began.  It was obvious that things had already started getting out of hand when they got there, as they started picking up stragglers who had decided to flee the mess that had become a death city.
"I think we're too late," Simon said from the mobile command post, "It's already breaking out into complete lunacy down there."
"The Mavelan army is pouring in from the mountains," Suvorov said, "Somehow LaPorte has our people fighting each other."
"What are you doing about it?" Medoferro asked him, "We need to get this under control somehow."
"We've got the back line picking up stragglers," Suvorov said, "Cholt and Hardin are heading the forward crews and trying to stop the fighting among the locals and our soldiers, but it is slow going."
"Especially with a good size of the local troops still reporting to LaPorte," Paulus reminded them, "We have to break that command link to LaPorte.  Most of those poor kids out there don't know that we're on the same side."
"Ok," Medoferro said, looking at the maps, "The worst threat is the Mavelan one."
"We don't have that many people," Suvorov protested, "If we don't stop LaPorte then we risk a fight on two sides."
"If we stop the Mavelans now it will be easier than ejecting them later," Paulus protested, "We can always clean up the internal mess once the Mavelans are back over the border."
"Cholt is reporting heavy Mavelan resistance from the south!" one of the communicators said, "Wants orders on how much to press it."
"How close is Hardin?" Medoferro asked them.
"He's a bit further back," Paulus said, "Dealing with a few of the fires around the city."
"Have Cholt press," Medoferro said, "Hold back Hardin for now."
"What about LaPorte?" Suvorov asked, "We can't leave him out there to smack at our backside.  We don't know how many of the troops are loyal to him anymore."
"We don't want to fight our own troops," Medoferro told him, "Think you can take your special force in and take LaPorte?"
"I don't know the current layout that well," Suvorov said, "That would take better intelligence than I currently have."
"I am current on the area," Paulus said, "Tolando and I spent a month cultivating sources and looking around.   Since we didn't get much out of the soldiers, I'm betting that LaPorte's strength lies in a select few."
"If you'll lead us in," Suvorov said, "My people will take him out."
"Only thing is," Paulus said, "That leaves Medoferro without us."
"Simon and I will handle the front line," Medo told them, "Get LaPorte and get our people to stand down and join our front line forces."
"You sure you can handle it?" Suvorov asked him.
"No," Medoferro said, looking at both of the older men, "But we have no choice.  Get moving.  I'm moving to the military command center.  That way we can consolidate all the protection in one place and I can see things as they come in."
"You realize Trina will kill me if I let you do that," Suvorov grunted.
"That's why I'll do it after you two leave," Medo said, "Now get moving."
"You heard the man," Paulus said, shaking hands with Medoferro, "Good luck."
"We'll need it," Simon said as they walked off, "Why did we do this?"
"Because," Medoferro said, a dark look in his eyes, "I've had enough of Mavelan interference down here.   Let's go have a chat with Cholt and Hardin.  I have a few ideas and I need their input."
"I'm following you," Simon said, nodding.

Chapter 106 - Quick Departure

Trinaferro woke up to the sounds of flurried activity in the palace.  She put on a set of clothes that one of the house staff must have laid out for her while she was sleeping and went out to see people running around.  Trina found Marina packing up some clothing for Insegniferro.
"What's going on?" Trina asked her, "Why are people moving so quickly?"
"Two things," Marina told her, "The King of Siraq is approaching the border and will be there by noontime; so we have to take a train run to make it in time."
"Lovely," Trina sighed, "What else is going on?"
"Reports are coming up from the south," Marina sighed, "The Mavelans invaded overnight.  LaPorte appears to be behind it.  Reports are that there's complete madness down there right now."
"Medo?" Trina asked, showing her first concern, "Is he ok?"
"We haven't heard anything yet," Marina told her, "Too early for any news of that sort.  We don't even know for sure whether Medoferro's people have gotten there yet."
"He's there," Trina said, sighing, "He's too pig headed not to be."
"Don't worry about Medo," Marina told her, "You've seen what he can do.  After that speech each and every one of those soldiers will protect him to the end.  All we can do is sit and wait."
"Great," Trina nodded, "Where's Iggy?"
"He's down in the office getting trade papers ready," Marina said, "Told me to send you down when you woke up."
"Thanks," Trina said, "See you later."
Marina nodded and went back to work as Trinaferro headed down to the office area.  It took her a couple minutes to find, as she had yet to go there.  Once she found it she found Insegniferro busily sorting through a pile of papers.  He looked up and saw her; glad to see she was awake.
"Marina told me," Trina said, "You ready for this?"
"This should be easier than last time," Iggy told her, still flipping through papers, "They screwed up badly and they know it.  I want my numbers straight anyway though."
"It's all happening too fast," Trina said, "You sure you want to leave me here alone?"
"You'll do fine," Iggy told her, "You're just here to basically be a figurehead until one of us gets back.  You don't have to hold session.  Put all sessions on hold until either Medo or I get back."
"Thanks, I think," Trinaferro said, "I don't feel like I'm doing any good here."
"You're new, Trin," Iggy said, "Medo felt the same way the first days and there was a lot less going on.  Just hang in there.  You'll have plenty to do when the time comes."
"Right," Trina nodded, "So when are you leaving?"
"We're taking the train in ten minutes," Iggy told her, "Sorry it has to be so abrupt."
"Do what you have to do," Trina said, "I'll hold the fort."
"I know you will," Iggy said, looking up at her, "Thanks for being such a good sport about this."
"No choice," Trina sighed, "Just gotta get the job done."

Chapter 107 - Mavelan Forward Command

"How far have we advanced?" General Jagards asked his lieutenant, "Are things going to LaPorte's plan?"
"We've hit some resistance we didn't expect," the lieutenant said, "The numbers are a bit stronger than LaPorte indicated and there seems to be more direction than indicated."
"Figures," Jagards grunted, "How bad is it?"
"Bad enough," the lieutenant said, "Thing is, it's coming from a different direction.  To the east everything is as LaPorte said it would be, but we're getting a full formation defense coming from the north."
"Mullinix Regulars?" Jagards asked, slightly worried by that possibility, "Do they have another base nearby other than the cirrus base?"
"Southlake has a small military center," the lieutenant said, "But they would have had to have advance warning if they came from there."
"Something is rotten," Jagards said, "I want a message run to King Facie.  I want to know how far he wants me to press this.  This is a different situation than we originally were presented with."
"I can try to get our scouts to find out just how organized they are," the lieutenant suggested.
"Do that after you send the message to the king," Jagards told him, "I want any results to be sent here immediately."
"You've got it, sir," the lieutenant said, running off.
General Jagards watched the fighting in the early dawn and wondered just how big a mistake it had been to join forces with the renegade Mullinix.  There was no going back now, however.  He had to at least give it a try otherwise Facie would likely kill them all.  He just hoped that Facie had at enough sense to know when to stop.  Otherwise, his troops wouldn't be the only ones paying the price.

Chapter 108 - Combined Mullinix Headquarters

Medoferro and Simon sat in chairs looking at the maps that Cholt had set out in front of them.  Cholt and Hardin may have been rival bar owners, but they were working together marvelously as leaders of the combined forces.  The tent had been hastily erected as a shelter from the rain that had accompanied the invasion.
"As best I can tell this is where the lines are," Cholt told the young Mullinix, "We don't have any definitive word on their strength yet, but generally they appeared not to have been prepared for the level of resistance that we're giving them."
"Too much to hope for that they'll find it too difficult and go home, eh?" Medoferro asked wistfully.
"I doubt it," Cholt said, "They've always been nasty bastards when it comes to fighting.  They also probably have numbers on us."
"How many additions have you gotten from the existing forces?" Simon asked him, "I mean there were several thousand soldiers in the area last I knew."
"Most of them are still fighting each other to the east," Cholt said, "We've gotten a few dozen, but not much more than that.   The rain is making it even worse, can't see anything more than ten feet in front of you."
"I see why everyone hates this area in the military," Medoferro nodded, "Rain turns everything out here into a gigantic pile of mud."
"Not an ideal place to fight a war," Cholt agreed, "I can't believe I agreed to come back here."
"We had to do something," Medoferro told him, "What kind of citizens would we be if we didn't at least try?"
"Living ones?" Simon said hopefully, earning a frown from Medo, "Sorry."
Medoferro shook his head and looked out the flap of the tent.  A couple of soldiers were making their way to the tent.  Medoferro pushed a little power to solidify the ground a little to make their way in easier.  They came into the room and saluted Cholt properly.
"Medoferro," Cholt said, "I'd like you to meet Lewis and Martin, two of my longtime friends and some of the best scouts that the Mullinix army has ever produced.  I sent them to see if they could ascertain the numbers of the Mavelans coming over the border."
"Any luck?" Medoferro asked them.
"The weather is working against them almost as bad as us," Lewis said, "But they're better equipped for it.  From the looks though they're managing to get more people in than we are."
"The locals?" Simon asked them.
"Most of them either got out when it started or are hiding," Martin said, "I wouldn't worry about them too much.  They're too used to hell coming down from the mountains, just not in these amounts."
"I hope you have some plans, Mullinix," Cholt said, "Hardin and I are doing the best we can, but we can't do everything.  We'll also need to get LaPorte's stormtroopers off our flank so that we can concentrate on the Mavelan threat."
"Will that be enough?" Simon wondered, "I mean, if they already outnumber us…"
"Guys," Medoferro said, looking out the flap, "How much of the town do they occupy?"
"It's about half and half," Lewis said, "We didn't look too hard at the town as it isn't so much a strategic target."
"It will be for them," Medoferro said, "How much and how bad a shape is it in?"
"Not as much as they'd like," Martin said, sorta seeing Medo's point, "Their usual stock in trade around here are fire catapults.  Luckily those are useless in this weather."
"Are there any real tall buildings that we control?" Medoferro asked them, "Preferably one that we can get on top of?"
"There's an inn," Lewis said, "It's not in the best of shape, but it's sturdy and has roof access.  I doubt the Mavelans have it."
"What are you thinking, Medo?" Simon asked him, "We don't have anything that's good from up high?"
"Sure we do," Medoferro said, looking at his friend, "We have something that they don't and something that might turn the tide in our favor."
"Unless you have some magic weapon I don't know about," Cholt said, "I think you're insane."
"Something like that," Medoferro smiled, "Simon, did you ever get the old man to teach you the control techniques?"
"Yeah," Simon nodded, "He made a point of it after I burned my hands that time with you…"
Simon's eyes went wide for a moment as he saw what Medoferro was talking about.  He shook his head and couldn't believe that Medoferro was advocating what he was obviously advocating.
"You're not seriously thinking about that?" Simon asked him, "I mean we couldn't do a large enough thing to make that much of a difference?"
"What are you two talking about?" Cholt asked them, "Control techniques?  High places?"
"This," Medoferro said as he made a small ball of light on his hand, "On a much larger scale."
"Can you do enough to make a difference?" Cholt asked him, "I mean that seems farfetched."
"I'm not looking so much at making a difference directly," Medo smiled, "I'm more looking at scaring the shit out of their rank and file.  It isn't how many soldiers you have, but how many are willing to fight an enemy that makes big fireballs that they can't see the source of."
"It's dangerous, Medo," Simon said, "I mean you remember what happened last time…"
"I have several bottles of the stuff Toria made," Medo assured him, "It can't hurt the effort at the very least."
"If you can do it," Cholt said, "It'll help.  I'll send a group of my people with you to clear out that building."
"I'll need two medically trained," Medoferro said, "Because Simon and I may need it afterwards."
"You'll have them," Cholt said, "How far do we chase them if they run?"
"All the way over the mountain," Medoferro told him, "No more half measures.  No more bullshit.  The line is going to be put on the other side of the mountain this time."
"You sure you can do that?" Cholt asked him.
"He's the Mullinix," Simon said, "He may be insane, but he has the authority to push through his insanity."
"I'll get your people together," Cholt promised, nodding, "Martin, Lewis… Go find out where the Mavelan forward group is and then report over to the inn so you can tell them."
"We're on it!" they cried and ran out of the tent.
"Let's get moving," Medoferro said, "The sooner we do this, the better."
"Why do I not believe that?" Simon sighed, "Why did I sign up with you again?"
"Fun," Medo chuckled, "Adventure.  Don't forget Sascha in your bed back up at the palace too…"
"Oh yes," Simon nodded, "Let's finish this quick then so I can get back to her, shall we?"
"Let's," Medoferro said simply.

Chapter 109 - LaPorte

"How did you get out, Paulus?" Rav Suvorov asked as they approached the base, "Is it a method we can use to get back in?"
"Fraid not," Paulus told him, "Tony Stack committed suicide to draw attention away from my escape.  I left from the jail and headed north."
"Not much help there," Suvorov said, "How much do the rank and file actually respect their boss?"
"Not much," Paulus shrugged, "Everyone I talked to hated him.  He’s got a core of officers that answer to him, but loyalty?  I doubt it."
"I wonder how hard it would be to get in," Suvorov said, "Let’s go up and find out?"
"What are you talking about?" Paulus asked him, "Go up where?"
"Wait here," Suvorov said, "I’ll be right back."
Suvorov stood up and walked over to the gate, some thirty yards away from where they were hiding.  He was covered by mud, much like everyone out in the rainstorms that day and didn’t even cause the guard to raise an eyebrow.  Suvorov, familiar with the routines of the base from his time there went up like he knew what he was doing.
"Halt!" the guard said, "Who are you?"
"Name is Suvorov," he told the guard, "Got some reports from the field for Colonel LaPorte."
"Where’s your satchel, mate?" the guard said, "Or your patch?"
"Oh," Suvorov said, "I lost the satchel in the mud somewhere. My patch is here, isn’t it?"
Suvorov made as if he was looking on his shoulder and looked for other guards.  Seeing none within easy seeing distance he reared back and punched the guard in the nose.  He then picked up the guard and dragged him into the shed that was used for shelter.  He removed the guard’s own sword and placed it against the young man’s throat.
"What patch were you referring to?" Suvorov asked him, "What patch?"
"Fuck you," the guard said, grunting, "I don’t have to tell you anything!"
"You work for a traitor and have a sword against your throat," Suvorov said, "If I were you I’d tell me what I needed to know."
"Traitor?" the guard said, "I work for Colonel LaPorte you fool!  You’re the one working for the traitors!"
"I work for the Mullinix," Suvorov told him, "Colonel LaPorte works for the Mavelans.  Who is the traitor now?"
"He’s trying to make peace with the Mavelans," the guard said, "Not working for them."
"Wrong answer," Suvorov said, pressing the sword tighter, "Would you like to try again, for double the money?"
"Oh god," the young man said, "He’s been lying to all of us!"
"Yes he has," Suvorov said, releasing him a little, "Now what patches were you talking about?"
"These," the guard said, pointing to the strangely colored insignia on his shoulder, "LaPorte tested us all when we came in.  Those of us who met his criteria received these.  He said it was an additional security measure."
"It’s a way of identifying his people and the conscripts," Suvorov said, "Do you have more?"
"I have six of my own," the guard said, "But if I give you these…"
"You’ll avoid prosecution for aiding LaPorte in his treason," Suvorov said, "He’s trying to give Cirrus back to the Mavelans."
"All I want is to go home," the guard said, "That’s all I ever wanted."
"Head north," Suvorov said, "Don’t come back."
"You got it!" the guard said and handed a bunch of patches over, "I’m out of here."
The guard ran like hell and Suvorov went out to wave the others inside.  They came up and Suvorov handed out the patches.  The men wiped themselves off and looked around the shack.
"LaPorte has a kink in his armor," Suvorov said, "And these are it.  Those patches are worn by his troopers."
"Figures," Paulus said, "I knew he had to have some loyal people somewhere."
"Where is that guy going?" one of Suvorov’s people asked, "I mean is he…"
"They are more loyal than others," Suvorov explained, "But they aren’t going to sit still for treason."
"I take it you have a plan," Paulus said, "You have that look in your eye."
"Why crawl around when you can just walk in?" Suvorov said, putting the patch on his shoulder, "Let’s go have a little chat with our gracious host, shall we?"
"You can get away with that," Paulus said, "I can’t.  They know me, remember?"
"Not with a helmet on they don’t," one man suggested, handing over his helmet, "Try that, sir."
"I think we have a plan," Suvorov said, "Now we’re going to walk in there and act like we know where we’re going."
"What do we do if they realize we aren’t who we say we are?" one man asked.
"Pray," Suvorov said, "But we’re running out of time."
"Let’s do it," Paulus agreed, "Before I have time to think about how stupid this really is."
Suvorov nodded and checked everyone’s patches.  Paulus took a deep breath and hoped that he survived the hour, but gave the nod to go ahead.  Suvorov opened the door and they let themselves in to the building.  One of the guards walked over to greet them and check their patches.
"Ok," the guard said, "What brings you inside?"
"Reports from the field," Suvorov said, "The Colonel needs to know what’s going on."
"Right," the guard nodded, "You know the way, right?"
"I should," Suvorov said, "I’ve been there enough times before."
The guard motioned for them to pass.  The group of men walked through much like the soldiers that they were.  Paulus stayed to the back of the group and slipped in, trying to keep himself from being noticed.  The guard looked at Paulus for a second and then shrugged to himself and turned away.   LaPorte’s penchant for bringing the less intelligent people into his service was working to their benefit.
They walked quietly up the stairs and past the line room where Paulus had been taken and Tolando had been killed.  Suvorov looked over at his people to make sure he hadn’t lost anyone yet.  Paulus moved forward in the line and tapped the younger man on the shoulder.
"He’ll have troops close," Paulus whispered, "How do you plan on dealing with them?"
"Joey," Suvorov said, "Can you find the General’s defensive signals and disable them?"
The young man nodded and slipped off to go create some havoc.  Suvorov looked at Paulus and smiled.  Paulus shrugged and pointed at the door to LaPorte’s office.  Suvorov nodded and walked up to the two young guards.  They looked over him closely and decided they’d better question him.
"What are you doing here, soldier?" one of them asked, "You should be out in the field."
"I’m here to see Colonel LaPorte," Suvorov said, "Is he in?"
"He doesn’t want visitors," the guard said, "Now get back to your lines."
"I don’t think so," Suvorov said, shaking his head, "Now I asked you a question.  Is he in?"
"Not for you," the other guard growled, starting to go for his weapon.
"Wrong answer," Suvorov said, reaching out with his right hand and grabbing the guard’s neck and pulling him closer, "Now is he in, asshole?"
"You can’t do that!" the first guard exclaimed, going for his own weapon.
"Yes he can," Paulus smiled, letting off a solid forward kick into the guard’s balls, "Proceed, Rav."
"I believe you’d best answer me," Suvorov said through clenched teeth, "Unless you want to end up like your friend."
"He’s in there," the guard choked, "But you do anything to him his goons will kill you."
"I doubt it," Paulus said, "Let’s go talk to the man, shall we?"
"Yes," Suvorov said, punching the guard in the stomach, "Let’s."
The guard doubled over and fell to the floor.  Paulus and Suvorov moved forward to LaPorte’s office while the rest of the team took care of business outside the office.  The team secured the former guards inside a nearby closet and took their spots as guards, completely unnoticed by the few people who actually walked by.
"I told you I didn’t want to be disturbed!" LaPorte barked from his position looking out the window, "This had better be important!"
"I’d like to think so," Paulus said, "We never did get to finish our discussion about what you were doing here, LaPorte."
Ellis LaPorte turned around and looked at the two men now standing in the room.  He actually smiled as he took in the two interlopers and sat down at his desk.  He pulled out his box of specially crafted cigars and pulled one out, offering the box to the newcomers.  Both of them declined.
"So you did manage to escape, Mr. Tally?" LaPorte said as he lit up, "I guess I have you to thank for that extra force that is opposing my people out there?"
"Actually you have Medoferro to thank for that," Paulus said, "He’s leading the main thrust and did a lot to repair the damage you’ve done to our credibility."
"Credibility, huh?" LaPorte said, smoking his cigar, "Since when has the Mullinix government had any credibility?"
"That word has no meaning for this man," Suvorov said, "He should write a book called how to kill friends and ingratiate yourself with enemies."
"You’re a funny man," LaPorte said, "I don’t believe I’ve made the acquaintance?"
"My name is Suvorov," Rav said, looking harshly at the would-be dictator, "I was one of the people you co-opted to do the massacres under Major Stack."
"Oh yes," LaPorte said, "One of Major Stack’s boys.  Our late and unlamented Major Stack."
"Unlike you he paid for his sins," Paulus said, "You do know that he’s how I got out, right?"
"Doesn’t take a brain surgeon," LaPorte agreed, "Tony was just too weak to do what had to be done."
"That’s the thing I never understood," Suvorov said, "Why have you been working to destroy the country that gave you everything?  I mean last I knew the Mullinix had been pretty good to you."
"The Mullinix are weak," LaPorte said, standing up again, "They waste their time educating people who don’t deserve it and waste all those resources trying to keep the people around here as part of the empire when they’d be better served being ruled over and told what to do."
"And you are the one who needs to make this choice?" Paulus asked, "What makes you better than everyone else?"
"Those who take the power are automatically better," LaPorte told them, "I’m certainly better than those cretins up in the centre who think that those weak people who claim they don’t want to be there should rule anything."
"There’s a reason that they have power," Paulus said, "Do you want to know what it is, LaPorte?"
"Sure," LaPorte chuckled, "Educate me, O wise prisoner to be?"
"It’s to make sure that assholes like you never get it," Paulus said, "Because people like you are so self centered that you don’t understand what it takes to be a good ruler."
"All it takes is strength," LaPorte said, "The will to break a few eggs to get what you want."
"Those aren’t eggs you’re breaking," Suvorov seethed, "They are people!  You’ve murdered hundreds of people just to fill your own pockets and give you a power that is illusory at best!"
"Illusory?" LaPorte chuckled, "There’s nothing illusory about the power to take anyone’s life at will."
"And you think you’re going to get this from the Mavelans?" Paulus said, "Not only are you insane but you’re stupid as well, LaPorte.  King Facie is a known liar and cheat.  He’ll use you to get Cirrus and then he’ll kill you like he has everyone else who helped him."
 "That won’t happen," LaPorte said, showing how much he was living in a dream world, "I will prevail in this."
"Not likely," Suvorov said, "You didn’t ask how we got in."
"I don’t care," LaPorte said, yawning a little, "All I know is that you’ll now be leaving."
LaPorte pulled a cable behind his chair and waited.  Paulus and Rav looked at each other and chuckled.  Joey had found the security center and made sure that anything from General LaPorte’s office went blissfully ignored.  LaPorte pulled the string a few more times, but when no soldiers came he started to get nervous.
"They may have been assigned to you, Ellis," Paulus said, "But they are still Mullinix.  You played the system, but you never did really understand it.  Being a Mullinix citizen is more than just a game people play to get ahead.  Most of them really believe it."
"Why would anyone believe that crap?" LaPorte said, "It doesn’t make sense."
"It never will to people like you," Paulus told him, "You believe in power and expediency.  Well there’s only one way to deal with people like you."
"You can’t kill me," LaPorte said, glaring, "It would go against all your precious moral codes."
"Treason is a capital crime," Suvorov reminded him, "So is murder, and you are complicit in Massimaferro’s death."
"So you did figure out Coblein?" LaPorte said, "But the wires…"
"The wires told you what they were intended to," Paulus said, "The reason things didn’t go smoothly is we have brought an entire regiment of guard in to stop you, led by the Mullinix himself.  You never had a chance, LaPorte.  Not one."
"I’ll tell you about having chances!" LaPorte exclaimed, standing up and flicking his cigar across the room at Paulus, "You try growing up with the hellish parents and insults I got from this so called system.  I had my shot and I took it!  Who the hell are you to condemn me for that?"
"I don’t have to condemn you," Paulus said, dodging the cigar, "You seem to have done the job just fine by yourself."
"Well condemn this!" LaPorte yelled, pulling out a sword, "I won’t go down alone!"
Paulus and Rav watched almost with amusement as LaPorte came up from his desk and tried to swing at Paulus.  LaPorte was not the man he’d been when he learned his swordplay twenty years earlier.  Paulus dodged the first one easily and the second without a problem. 
Suvorov started to raise his weapon as LaPorte raised his above his head to try to take a whack at Paulus.  Paulus was about ready to dodge when he saw a rapid change in LaPorte’s eyes and pallor.  The large man started gurgling a little and instead of bringing the sword down at Paulus he dropped it flat out, with it clattering on the floor.
"Not now…" LaPorte mumbled, "Not today…"
Paulus and Suvorov looked at each other as LaPorte fell backwards, crushing a very expensive looking coffee table as he did so.  Suvorov kicked the sword away and pulled his own as Paulus went over to check on LaPorte.  The large man was gurgling a little and obviously having trouble breathing.
"Well," Paulus said, looking at the fallen man, "I guess your heart can’t take the excitement, fat man.  It is your heart, isn’t it?"
"Pills…" LaPorte said, gurgling a bit more, "Desk…"
"I don’t think so," Paulus said, "You see, you’ve been a major embarrassment to us, Ellis.  I think it would be best for all concerned if your heart attack there turned out to be fatal, don’t you Suvorov?"
"Fitting too," Suvorov said, nodding, "Saves Medo the trouble of a trial."
"Bastards…" LaPorte grunted, "Mavelans… will… kill… you…"
"You won’t be around to see it," Paulus told him, "Rot in hell, Ellis."
LaPorte knew he was dying, but he wasn’t going to do it without striking back.  He lifted his hand, using the last of his strength to do it, and grabbed Paulus’s throat.  Suvorov ran over and pulled at the hand, but it was rapidly turning into a death grip on the Mullinix Representative’s throat.
"You don’t get to win!" Suvorov exclaimed, pulling, "Let go, you dirty old corpse!"
"Fuck…" LaPorte gasped, "You…   Mr. Tally…"
"Chest," Paulus managed to choke out, "Hit…"
Suvorov nodded and reared back.   He then flattened his palm and brought it down full force on LaPorte’s chest, right over his heart.  The fallen general gasped for breath and lost the hold on Paulus.  Paulus pulled away and fell back on the floor, gasping for air as LaPorte took his last breaths.
"Good riddance," Suvorov said, checking to make sure LaPorte was really dead, "Rot in hell, asshole."
"Go get control of his troops here," Paulus said, "I’ll find his codes, give his troopers orders to withdraw.  That should pull some pressure off of Cholt and Hardin’s groups."
"Let’s do it," Suvorov nodded, "See you in a few, Paulus."
Paulus nodded and stood up, looking at the bloated corpse of Colonel LaPorte.  He pondered kicking it, but couldn’t bring himself to want to touch it.  He instead remembered the conversation he’d had with the traitorous Colonel in the cell.  He shook his head as he walked over to LaPorte’s desk.
"You were right about one thing, Colonel," Paulus said as he dug around, "You will never hang."

Chapter 110 - Turning of the Tide

"We've got control of it," Cholt told him, "But I don't know for how long."
"Anything happening to the east?" Medoferro asked him, "Any reduction on that end?"
"It's calming down on that end," Cholt told him, "Hardin thinks that the resistance from LaPorte's people has stopped.  He's redirecting people up here to me and holding that side, but I don't know if it's going to be enough."
"We don't need long," Medoferro told him, "Do you have the medico?"
"That would be me," a young man said, "I'm not a surgeon, but I've worked with my father doing basic medical since I was eight."
"What's your name?" Medoferro asked him.
"Jerome Horwitz," the young man said, "How can I help, sir?"
"Follow us," Medoferro said, "We'll explain it on the roof."
"Here we go again," Simon said sadly, "You're going to get us killed, Medo."
"Not if I can help it," Medoferro said, "What is the situation nearby?"
"It isn't good, the Mavelans are advancing rapidly.  When you head up I will start a counteroffensive," Cholt told them, "I'm hoping they'll put two and two together and it'll make a difference."
"You know that end better than I do," Medo agreed, "But it sounds like a good plan.  I just hope we can make that difference."
"So do I," Cholt agreed, "Because if you don't a lot of people will die down here."
Medoferro and Simon nodded at each other and looked up at the three story building.  It wasn't much, but it would have to do. Medoferro sighed and looked at the line of soldiers getting ready to go.   He didn't like having to give these orders, but it had to be done.
"All right," Medoferro said, "Let's do it."
 Cholt went back to his people that had set up a workspace on the first floor of the building while Medo, Simon and the others went up to the roof.  They took a look over and saw the formations of Mavelan troops.  It was a hard thing to watch, as the Mavelans easily had twice the people they did available.  
"Ok," Medoferro said, looking out, "I see where to put it.  The question is, what do we put there?"
"I can't weave the power like you can," Simon said, "You'll have to do that part."
"I'm thinking a large bright fireball thrown down in the middle," Medoferro said, "With a string of fire to let them know it came from us."
"I'll push the power," Simon said, "But I don't want to do what we did last time."
"What am I here for, Mullinix?" Horwitz asked, "I could be doing more on the lines."
"These," Medoferro told him, handing the young man a box, "Your job will be to keep us alive after this is over."
The kid opened the box and found four vials of very brightly colored liquid.  The Medico looked at them and then back at the bottles again, trying to figure out what they were.  Simon finally recognized Toria's signet on the side of the box and smiled broadly once he figured out what was in them.
"Toria's power user's potion!" Simon exclaimed, "Hot damn, we might survive this after all."
"That's your job," Medoferro told the Medico, "If either of us pass out you are to jam that stuff down our throat until it's gone or we wake up.  Got it?"
"I can do that," Horwitz nodded, "What is it?"
"Something that counteracts what we're about to do to our bodies," Medoferro told him, "If you want more of an explanation, ask Toria Studebaker."
"I'll take your word for it," Horwitz shrugged, "Let's just get to it, eh?"
"What do you want me to do, Medo?" Simon asked him, "You're leading this show."
"I'm thinking about doing a mushroom construct," Medoferro said, "You know, where the power rushes in and pushes everything to make that cloud?"
"I know what you are talking about," Simon agreed, "But haven't a clue how to do it."
"That's my job," Medoferro told him, "I'll light up the entrance.  I need you to push as much power as you can into it.  I'm going to hold it tight and shape. The power until I have to let go and direct it at the Mavelan camp."
"What do we do, Mullinix?" one of the guards asked, "Is there any way we can help?"
"Make sure that nothing interrupts us," Medoferro instructed, "Once we get started we'll need to keep our concentration.  Make damn sure that nothing hits us."
"Take positions, boys," one of them said, "We've got a Mullinix to guard."
"Do your thing," Simon told him, "I will do a quick breathing routine to keep my controls."
"I'll be ready when you are," Medoferro promised, "Guys, stay out from between Simon and myself.  You do not want to get hit with this or trigger it early.  Got it?"
There was a general murmur of agreement as Medoferro did his own quick breathing exercise and looked up into the pouring rain.   He breathed deeply and let the weather play into his hands instead of against them, using a power field created by a nearby weather system to contain the weavings of his power field.
The battle raged below as Medoferro started his work on the power field.  It wasn't visible from below at first, as the weather and the battle obscured the semi lucent power fields.  The power fields locally were strong for him to pull from, unusually so, considering what he usually had to work with.
It took Medoferro a moment to realize that he was dealing with power released by the hatred and violence taking hold below him.  Some of the emotions came through the power and threatened to overwhelm him until he figured out how to strip them before putting it into the field.  
Simon stood up and got into a stable position.  The Medico pulled the bottles and readied them for easy access as Simon looked towards what Medoferro was working on and waited for the sign, a sign that Medoferro had trouble producing in that damned weather.   
"Come on," Simon said, "Give me the sign.  I'm ready…"
Medoferro shuddered as the power pushed into him, being added to by the weather system he'd used for control.   The ball of power was growing a little on its own and Medoferro was debating on whether he'd have to use Simon at all.  Then, it started collapsing in on itself a little and Medoferro realized how fragile the power structure was.
"Add!" Medoferro yelled, lighting up the fire zone, "Push all you have right into there!"
Simon nodded and saw the power point and sent a steady stream of power into that point.  The points of control worked a lot better for him this time, as the heat source stayed far enough away from his hand to keep from burning it so badly.  Medoferro took the power and used it to augment the insides of the structure, moving his own power back to the framework and letting it grow with Simon's addition.
"Holy shit!" Jerome Horwitz exclaimed as he watched the fireball, "Look at that!"
The fireball was visible to nearly everyone, yet only a few people had any inkling of what it was.  Medoferro nursed the power into the fireball and shaped it the way he wanted it to be when he felt Simon's stream weakening.  Medoferro prepared to close the power point when Simon kept up the stream.
"Let go!" Medoferro shouted, "You'll drain too far!"
Simon wasn't able to hear him though, having been drawn into the stream much like someone being caught in an electrical circuit.  The Medico watched and saw how the color on Simon's face was draining and then listened to Medoferro's shouts.
"He can't!" Horwitz yelled, "He's in a daze!"
"Get him out of there!" Medoferro yelled, "I can't throw this until he is out without killing all of us!"
Horwitz went over and tried to touch Simon on the shoulder but received a nasty jolt for his trouble.   One of the guards had a better idea, however, and pulled his large sword out of his sheath.   He approached Simon but was stopped by Horwitz.
"Are you mad?" Horwitz asked, "You'll kill him!"
"He'll kill us all if we don't," the guard said, "I'm going to try to flatside him!"
Horwitz thought about it for a second and nodded, letting the guard go.   Medoferro held his brittle controls on the system, but it was obvious from the pulsing that it was getting too full for him to handle.   The guard went straight over to Simon and let off a blow with the flat side of his sword, knocking Simon out of the loop and taking his power away.
Medoferro breathed a sigh of relief and pushed the last of his power into the ball to give it directions on where to go.  His last action before breaking off contact himself was to give it a push in the right direction before he let himself crumple to the ground, where the Medico handed him a bottle with the top off before going to tend to Simon.
"I am become death," Medoferro said, sipping the bottle, "Destroyer of worlds.  May the gods have mercy on my soul."
He then passed out amid the noise of the rain and fighting below, having done his all for the cause.

Chapter 111 - The Fireball

Medoferro's power work looked as if it should have gone a thousand miles an hour at the enemy, but it was designed to work a bit differently.  Moving at about the speed of a catapult round, it moved towards the Mavelan forward camp just slow enough that everyone saw it coming, but fast enough that most of them didn't have time to do anything about it.
It hit the ground in the midst of one of King Facie's special regiments, burning and obliterating a good chunk of them.  The flash and the fire caused more injuries and a few cases of blindness, as well as a large scale panic on both sides of the line.  It took several minutes for the Mullinix side to begin to correct the problem.  The Mavelans were not as lucky.
"Get them attacking!" Cholt yelled, silently thanking the gods for Medo's interference, "We need to take them out now!"
While the Mullinix continued the attack the effects of the blast were noticed in other places as well.
"What the hell is that?" Paulus asked Suvorov in LaPorte's office, "Which side did it come from?"
"It had to be Medo and Simon," Suvorov said, "We would have known had the Mavelans had anything like that."
"Whoa," Paulus said, watching the flash and cloud resulting, "That's going to leave a mark."
"I've got control over most of this base," Suvorov said, "Maybe you should go find Medo, huh?"
"Right," Paulus nodded, still looking, "If there's anything left."
The reactions was almost as immediate up in the Mavelan command, though for different reasons, as General Jagards didn't witness the explosion itself, just the mad dash of soldiers afterwards.
"What the hell is going on down there?" Jagards yelled, "Why are people retreating like they saw a ghost?   We were winning, damn it!"
"There was a major blast in our forward camp," one of the lieutenants said, "It originated from the Mullinix side.  No one wants to face another one."
"Shit," Jagards growled, "Any contact out of LaPorte or his people?"
"The communications into LaPorte's place were cut an hour ago," the lieutenant said, "Word is that LaPorte is either dead or arrested."
"Damn," Jagards said, "This isn't good.  Has our gracious king sent us a message yet?"
"Yes sir," the lieutenant said, "He said to fight until the Mullinix push us back onto the mountain.  They won't dare to take the mountain as it was never Mullinix property in the first place."
"I wouldn't bet on that right now," Jagards said, using his spyglass, "They are pushing on us now.  That damned fireball has started a rout."
"What do we do, General?" the lieutenant asked.
"Try to reform the lines while I think," Jagards said, "Just keep the Mullinix out of this base!"

Chapter 112 - Insegniferro’s Chat

Insegniferro arrived at the conference venue in the border villages shortly after the King of Siraq did.  The Siraqi contingent was looking as immaculate as always, though they were as nervous as Insegniferro after hearing the news on the wires about the war going on in the Cirrus area.
"You're looking well, Insegniferro," Toria said, "Forgive Travis for my being here instead of him, but he's having to deal with security shorthanded."
"I wanted to thank you anyway, Toria," Insegniferro said, shaking hands with the Medico, "I know you did all that was possible for Massimaferro."
"Not enough evidently," Toria sighed, "Since it pushed my sister into the job."
"She's doing fine, by the way," Insegniferro said, "How are you doing?"
"I've done worse," Toria said, "Glad to know she will be happy there."
"As long as nothing happens to Medo in Cirrus she will be," Iggy said, "Seems she's in love with him."
"Almost as much as he is with her," Toria agreed, "They'll make a good pair."
"So they are here, already eh?" Insegniferro said, "Probably want to do this before we accuse them of being a part of it."
"Too late," Toria said, "What are you going to do?"
"They were just dupes," Insegniferro said, "So I will do what any good ruler would do."
"What's that?" Toria wondered.
"Use it to my nation's advantage," Insegniferro said, "Of course."
"Of course," Toria chuckled.
The young operator came in and handed the elder a piece of paper that had just come fresh off the wires.  Insegniferro read it and smiled a little, hoping that Trinaferro had just gotten the same thing he did.   He handed it to Toria and smiled.
"Our forces are turning the Mavelans back," Iggy said, letting out a sigh of relief, "LaPorte is dead and Paulus is in control of the civilian apparatus there.  The war isn't over yet, but it is still going well."
"Good," Toria smiled, "Maybe this will be the end of it."
"It will be soon," Insegniferro promised, "Just as soon as I talk to these jackals."
Toria smiled and watched as Insegniferro walked into the room.   Unlike the Mavelan king who traveled with a large entourage Insegniferro decided to make a point this afternoon and enter the room with just one person, Stacy.  Stacy held a weapon at her side and took a guard stance, despite her civilian role in the proceedings.
"Welcome," Insegniferro said with a smile, "I believe we have a few things to discuss, first of all your connections with the Mavelans who are currently attacking my country and being turned back at the border."
The faces of the king and his cohorts all went white as Insegniferro brought out his case and laid out a few papers on the table.  Insegniferro continued with his smile, which scared the Siraqis more than anything else.
"I believe we also have some trade deals to talk about," Insegniferro continued, "So let's get down to business, shall we…"

Chapter 113 - Trinaferro’s Relief

"I don’t care a damn that we are winning," Trinaferro sighed, "I’m worried about Medoferro.  Paulus doesn’t say a damn thing about him in this wire."
"He probably doesn’t know," Roland told her, "If anything had happened to him you could be sure it would have been put in here."
"I’m not making a very good ruler," Trina sighed, "Am I?"
"You’re worried about your boyfriend," Roland shrugged, "You’re human, Trin.  I’d be more worried about you if you weren’t fretting over Medo.  Hell, I only respect him as a Mullinix and I’m worried about him too."
"I know," Trina sighed, "I just want some news, that’s all.  A few words from him letting me know he’s all right."
"I don’t have that," Marina said as she walked into the room, "But I just got a wire from Iggy."
"Is he done with the Siraqis already?" Roland asked, "What the hell?"
"The Siraqis were so scared we’d retaliate that they gave us what we wanted," Marina said, "The entire discussion took twenty minutes, at which point they shook on the deal and the Siraqis slinked back over the border.  Insegniferro will be back tomorrow."
"Great," Trina chuckled, "Now if we can just get good news from the south…"

Chapter 114 - Battle Costs

Medoferro woke up about an hour after he passed out.  He stood up slowly and watched the battle move further and further away, knowing that his fireball turned the tide of the war.  Knowing that there was little more he could do on that end he headed over to Simon, who was also just beginning to wake up.  He looked pale and was still sucking down on the potion.
"You look like shit, Simon," Medo smiled, "Did you at least avoid burning your hands?"
"I think the burned hands would seem like a better trade," Simon chuckled, "Did it work?"
"Sorry I left you there, Medo," Horwitz said, "But he needed help more."
"It's ok," Medo said, "I'm fine."
"So how did we do?" Simon asked, "Did we do it?"
"Better than we'd hoped," Medo smiled, "Looks like the Mavelan forces are retreating."
"Good," Simon said, "I'd hate to feel this lousy for nothing."
"Look at it this way," Medo told his friend, "You survived.  A lot of them out there on both sides didn't."
"I think I'll take my injuries with a smile now, thank you," Simon said solemnly, coughing a little, "Can we at least get out of the fucking rain?"
"Yeah," Medo chuckled, "I think we can manage that.  Think you can walk yet?"
"We'll take him if he can't," one of the guards said, "We owe you two that much."
Simon tried to get up, but fell over miserably.  Several guards took Simon and helped him along.  Medoferro was still able to move himself, so he took the stairs slowly.  There was a group of soldiers awaiting orders on the first floor.  He pushed his long hair back and unapologetically took a chair in the room, which was given freely when they saw how lousy he looked.
"Where's Cholt?" Medoferro asked, "Still leading the forces?"
"I'm here," Cholt said, coming in, "I don't know what you did, but I love it!  It worked!"
"I know," Medoferro said, "How much did it help?"
"Broke the back of the Mavelan advance and bucked up our people," Cholt said, "We're pushing on them, forcing them into a rout."
"Medo!" Paulus exclaimed as he pushed into the room, "Good God man, what the hell did you and Simon do out there?"
"A little encouragement to get back where they came from," Medo chuckled, "I guess it's working."
"Putting it mildly," Paulus chuckled, "The Mavelans I saw were tripping over themselves to get out of Cirrus."
"Did you get control of the base?" Medo asked him, "I haven't exactly been keeping up.  More to the point, did you get LaPorte?"
"Would you believe the fat fucker had a heart attack on us?" Paulus said, "Aided in the end by Suvorov's palm smacking into his chest."
"Serves the bastard right," Cholt said, grunting approval, "Nobody is going to miss him."
"Least of all the people of Cirrus," Paulus agreed, "Suvorov is consolidating control at the base and rounding up the ones we can prove knew about LaPorte's plan."
"I need to know, Medo," Cholt said, "This is your last chance to turn back.  How far do we push them?"
"Get them over the mountain range," Medoferro said, "They will not rain projectiles down on us again."
"Cholt!" Martin came in yelling, "There's a contingent coming down the mountain in a white flag convoy!"
"How many of them?" Cholt asked him, "And how senior?"
"Gotta be pretty senior if they're coming in white flag like that," Paulus said, "Wonder what they are up to?"
"One of them is wearing a Mavelan General's bars," Martin said, "It looks as though they want to Parley."
"Do I do it or do you?" Cholt asked Medoferro, "I warn you, diplomacy was never my strong suit."
"I'll do it," Medoferro said, "Keep pushing at the forces to let them know we're serious, but let them into a secured area and we'll talk as soon as I can walk far enough to get there."
"You've got it," Cholt said, "You heard the Mullinix!  Get moving!"
"How much are you looking for?" Paulus asked Medoferro, "Just an end?"
"Security," Medoferro said, "That's all I want.  We'll see what they're willing to do to give that to us."
"If they aren't willing?" Cholt asked them, wanting to know what to plan for.
"We kick their ass over the mountain and ensure they never want to return," Medoferro said, "Plain enough?"
"It is for me," Cholt said, "I'll work on the plans.  Let me know if they change."
"Do you want me there or do you want to go alone?" Paulus asked him, "It's your choice."
"I'll go alone," Medoferro said, "No offense, Paulus, but you're so much older than me that they'll be less likely to take me seriously if you're there."
"I know," Paulus nodded, "I'm not worried.  You'll do fine.  They'll have to get used to dealing with you anyway."
"Right," Medoferro sighed, "Ok, I'm going.  Wish me luck."
"You'll need it," Paulus chuckled, "I'll be over at the base if you need me.  Suvorov will need my help getting things cleaned up."
"I'll go there when I'm done," Medo promised, "I'll have to sleep a little soon.  That fireball took a lot out of me."
"You'd better take care of yourself," Paulus told him, "Trina will have my ass if I don't bring you back safe and sound."
"No kidding," Medo nodded, "Send her a message that I'm fine, ok?"
"I'll have them fix the lines," Paulus said, "You can tell her yourself."
"Even better," Medo agreed, "One more thing before I go."
"What is it?" Paulus asked him.
"Have Simon brought to the clinic at the base," Medo said, "He took the worst of it.  Make sure the medicos continue putting fluids into him too."
"You got it," Paulus agreed, "Good luck, Medo."
Medoferro nodded and walked away, wondering what would happen.

Chapter 115 - Jagards

Mavelan General Jagards looked at the young man that approached.  He was surprised that the Mullinix had sent someone so young.  He wondered if he was being premature, but one further look at his routed soldiers let him know he wasn't.   He sighed and waited for the young man to approach.
"Good afternoon," General Jagards said in passable Mullinix, "You the poor sot that was sent to see who I am?"
"We know who you are, General," Medoferro said, looking at the taller man, "You're the one who is leading the Mavelans.  You wouldn't be here otherwise."
"They sent a child to negotiate?" Jagards chuckled, "Your superiors must not be taking this seriously."
"I don't have any direct superiors here, thanks to you," Medoferro said, "Your late friend Colonel LaPorte saw to that."
"You killed LaPorte, huh?" Jagards said, "Figures.  He's the one who dragged me into this mess."
"I didn't kill him," Medoferro said, "He had a heart attack."
"Doesn't matter," Jagards said, "Since you don't have superiors I guess I know who you are.   You're the new Mullinix.  Medoferro if I'm remembering my news right?"
"Good guess," Medoferro said, "If you know that then you know how we beat you."
"That was a nice bit of snow job over your news wires," Jagards admitted, "Convinced both me and LaPorte.  But that's not why you are here, is it?"
"You're the one who initiated the white flag, General," Medoferro told him, "I'll let you talk first."
"Cirrus is historically a part of the Mavelan Empire," Jagards said, "It was until your predecessor broke all historical precedent and encouraged their revolt."
"I like your bit of revisionism," Medoferro chuckled, "The people of Cirrus left willingly, begged Insegniferro for help in removing the yoke of oppression caused by your boss.  They are all Mullinix citizens now."
"And you let them down all these years," Jagards said, shaking his head, "Why not let them come back?"
"Because they are Mullinix," Medoferro said, "And even with the way we've dreadfully screwed up, we are still a better bet than you."
"You are a true Mullinix," Jagards sighed, "So we have little to talk about with regards to Cirrus."
"Like I said before," Medoferro told him, "You're the one who called for this meeting, General.   I'm always willing to listen."
"I don't know what your people did," Jagards said, "But my people are running.  I propose a phase reduction back to the status quo."
"Not acceptable," Medoferro said, "The status quo is what got us to this point in the first place, General.  I'm not putting us or these poor people through that again.  Care to try again?"
"You impudent little snot!" Jagards said, "Give me one reason why I shouldn't kill you now and wipe all your people out?"
"You could try," Medoferro said, smiling, "I doubt you'd get close enough to lay your sword or arrows on me."
Medoferro used a bit of power to let a brief reflection sheen off him, causing the Mavelan general to jump a little.  Medoferro then stretched out his hands and let a little glow in his eyes.  He wanted the Mavelans to know that he wouldn't be an easy fight.
"You're one of those," Jagards said derisively, "Probably managed to snake your way in to the palace using it."
"Didn't learn it until after I was chosen," Medo grinned, "But it was enough to get your troops to rout."
"Son of a bitch," Jagards said, "You really are a bastard."
"Both my parents are accounted for, thank you," Medoferro said, "Now if you're through cursing my parentage, perhaps you will listen to our conditions for ending this war?"
"Your conditions?" Jagards said, "We'll squash you like a bug!"
"Tell that to the soldiers that are fleeing back over the mountains," Medoferro suggested, "Or to the ones who are getting killed on your front lines.  Time is ticking, General.  Do you want to end this now or do you want a long war that you will indeed lose?"
Jagards let out a breath and let out a silent curse for Ellis LaPorte.  He knew how large the Mullinix Empire was compared to his own and that if they really put their minds to it there wouldn't be a Mavelan nation anymore.  He looked at the young man and decided to at least listen to his terms.
"Fine," Jagards sighed, "I'll listen to you.  I did call this meeting for that, after all."
"Very well," Medoferro said, "I propose a phased stand down of hostilities.  Your troops are already routed, let them continue to cross the mountains.  I want every one of your men off those mountain ridges and back on the Mavelan flatlands within twelve hours."
"I'm not just giving over the high ground to you!" Jagards said, "Why should I let you pull the same trick we have been to you for years?"
"Don't put us in your same slimy league, General," Medoferro said, his face like granite, "We are not the ones who have attacked you.  We have never attacked your nation and hold no ambition to do so.  What you do on your side of the border is your business, so long as the results don't spill over the border like they have today."
"And how much on the other side of the Mountains do you intend to take?" Jagards asked, "Where will it stop?"
"My troops will stop at the top of the mountains," Medoferro said, "All equipment there will be re-tasked for defensive purposes to ensure that this type of invasion never occurs again."
"So I have to leave the mountains?" Jagards said, "That's it?"
"Like I said," Medoferro told him, "Don't put me in your league, General."
"How soon?" Jagards asked, "If we accept, that is."
"My troops will keep pushing at yours until they get off the mountains," Medoferro said, "I propose that the lower quarter of the edge on your side become a demilitarized zone.  If you keep your people out of that area, we will not attack again."
"And LaPorte's plan?" Jagards asked, "Will we be held accountable for that?"
"That is an internal matter," Medoferro said, much to Jagards relief, "If you agree to this plan we'll consider that part of it closed as far as you are concerned."
"Very well," Jagards said, breathing a sigh of relief, "I think I can accept that plan, though if you ever break it…"
"If either of us break it the war will resume," Medoferro said, "This isn't a permanent treaty.  We'll let this hold for a while before your king and I discuss that possibility."
"I accept your terms then," Jagards said, offering a hand to Medoferro, "What about prisoner releases?"
"Let yours go as you retreat," Medoferro told him accepting the hand, "As soon as things settle down we'll send yours down unarmed with white flags."
"Very well," Jagards said as they shook hands, "I guess that's the best we can hope for."
"We don't want to fight you, General," Medoferro said, looking in his eyes, "But I warn you that if you push us, we will push back.   Do you understand me?"
"I think so," Jagards said, "I have got to get back to my troops to spread the orders."
"As do I, General," Medoferro said, nodding, "I hope we do not have to meet like this again."
"You and me both, young Medoferro," Jagards said, "Though I hold no grief for your loss with Massimaferro, I do wish you the best of luck in your rule."
"That's ok," Medoferro chuckled as he turned away, "I doubt I'll mourn Facie's loss either."
With a smile on his face, he walked away from the Mavelan contingent as they hurried back up the mountain to try to catch the edge of their retreating troops.   The war was over and they both knew that nobody had won.  Medoferro reflected that this was the general outcome of any war.  Jagards just waited until the next one.

Chapter 116 - Matters of Housekeeping

"The Mavelans are following the terms of the truce," Medoferro said to everyone listening, "Cholt and Hardin are setting up shop in the abandoned Mavelan mountain bases, rebuilding the local command structure into something resembling standard Mullinix form."
"Good job, Medo," Insegniferro said from his position in the government house on the Siraqi border, "The trade deal is set for the next decade too, so that is taken care of."
"That leaves me sitting here with little to add," Trinaferro said, "Other than I'm glad you are ok, Medo."
"Couldn't have done it without you, Trin," Medoferro said into the Cirrus communicator, "I wouldn't have been able to negotiate after sending that fireball had it not been for that magic liquid your sister cooked up.  If you can convince her to show you how to make it, I'll be your best friend."
"You already are," Trina chuckled, "But I might take some other fringe benefits as well if you like."
"Enough of this sap," Simon said, "It's going to make my head worse."
"Sorry Simon," Trina giggled, "But Sascha told me to tell you that she's pining away for you up here."
"Do me a favor," Medo suggested, "Get her eyes checked, huh?"
Simon let off a Raspberry in Medo's direction, which caused everyone to begin laughing.  It was good to be able to have a lighthearted moment again, as after the previous days they all needed one.  Thoughts of how close they came to disaster still loomed close.
"I'm going to stay here for a week or so," Medoferro told them, "Ensure that the rebuilding gets underway properly.  I also want a bit of rest before I try traveling again."
"Have you got any candidates for the Colonelcy?" Insegniferro said, "Since that is your bailiwick now."
"Actually I do," Medoferro said, looking over at Paulus, "You claim you're now unemployed with Massimaferro's death.  Would you like to continue to serve the empire in a place where you're needed?"
"You want me to take the colonelcy?" Paulus said, "I'm just a Mullinix mouthpiece without a Mullinix.  What do I know?"
"Plenty," Roland said through the line, "Don't give me that bullshit, Paulus.  There is nobody better suited to govern those people effectively and fairly after what you went through there."
"He's right, Paulus," Iggy agreed, "If you're willing, you would do well."
"I don't want military control," Paulus said adamantly, "You saw what happened when too many eggs were put in one basket."
"No worries there," Medoferro said, "I've already struck deals with both Cholt and Hardin to take the military end.  The Military base will be moved from down here to the mountain bases we took from the Mavelans.  Your job will be to rebuild the town and provide a fair level of civil justice."
"Neither of us answer to each other?" Paulus asked curiously.
"It would be nice if you worked together," Medoferro said, "But you both report to me as equals."
"In that case, I'll take the job," Paulus said, "Better me than someone unfamiliar with the area."
"You got it," Roland said, "I guess that leaves most of the loose ends taken care of."
"For now," Trinaferro sighed, "It will be years before we recover from what happened."
"If we ever do," Simon agreed, "So much has changed now."
"No more of this moping around!" Medoferro said, standing up, "We all have work to do.  Let's get it done so we can take a few days off for a true celebration when Simon and I get back."
"Here, here!" they all said in unison.

Chapter 117 - The Crater

It was a week later before Medoferro and Simon got ready to go home.  They were both tired but mostly recovered from the events of the previous month.  The town was beginning to show their first signs of life as they walked through it.  Medoferro had decided to walk around a little to see the difference they’d made before they went home.
"I can’t believe the difference here," Medoferro said as they walked through, "It’s like the people have hope again."
"Nice to know we made a difference," Simon said, "There is one thing I’m wondering though."
"What’s that?" Medo asked him.
"Where did that fireball hit?" Simon asked him, "I haven’t seen signs of it yet."
"You’re the Mullinix, ain’t ya?" an old man said, walking out of his house, "The one that saved us all last week?"
"My name is Medoferro," he said, offering his hand, "I’m sorry we didn’t come in sooner."
"Nothing you could do," the old man said, "My name is Patrick Fisher.  Pleased to make your acquaintance."
"Thank you," Medoferro said, "This is my representative, Simon Sutcliffe."
"Afternoon," Mr. Fisher said to him, nodding, "You two look like you’re looking for something."
"We’re trying to figure out where the fireball hit," Medoferro said, "Did you happen to see it?"
"I didn’t," the old man shrugged, "But you won’t have a hard time finding it.  It’s down the road about three hundred yards.  Look for the new pond with red water.  That’ll be it."
"Thank you," Medoferro said, shaking hands again, "Good luck down here."
"Thank you, sir," Patrick Fisher said, "Good luck with ruling and stuff."
Medo and Simon nodded and walked in the direction that the old man indicated.  Simon looked at Medo and couldn’t believe what he had just been told.
"A pond with red water?" Simon said, "Just what the hell did we do?"
"Let’s find out," Medoferro said, "Come on."
The two of them walked ahead and found what they had been looking for.  The old man hadn’t been kidding.  There was a brand new pond in front of them.  You could tell it was new from the shape, a perfect sphere just like the fireball that they’d thrown a few days before.  You could see the remains of Mavelan uniforms and weapons shining up from the water as well.
"Man," Medoferro said, looking out at it, "What did we do?"
"What we had to," Simon said, "They would have done that to us you know."
"I know," Medoferro said and then looked up towards the Mavelan side, "Damn you for making me do this!  Damn you!"
Simon went over and put his hand on his friend’s shoulder, waiting for Medoferro to calm down a little.  Medoferro clamped his own hand over Simon’s and grimaced at what he saw.  It was a sight he’d carry for the rest of his life and a moment that he thought he’d just been sharing with Simon.   He didn’t see the flash of a pair of spyglasses up in the trees on the mountain, however.
"That’s their new leader all right," the tall, dark haired man said in flawless, if slightly archaic, Mullinix, "Medoferro is his name."
"What is the word on him?" the blonde standing next to him asked, taking the glasses for a look, "Anything good?"
"He’s the one who created the crater," the smaller gangly one said in oddly accented Mullinix, "You can see the connection between the two boys and the crater."
"I’d guessed that," the tall one said, "It’s obvious he regrets it."
"I don’t know that he so much regrets it," the girl said, "But that he regrets being forced to it."
"Even better," the gangly one said, "I think he’ll do."
"They’ll have to," the girl said, "They are all we have."
"They’ll both do," the tall man said, "They’ll both do just fine."

The End


Other Titles by Rodney Mountain
 
Immortal Universe Novels
 
The Healy Murders
The Accidental Immortal
Undercover
The Killer Strikes
Anoki's Revenge
The Immortal Progression
Corporate Immortality
Not With a Whisper
The Mullinix: Redemption
The Mullinix: Resolution
 
Other Works
 
Durell’s Insurrection 
Night Strike (Short Story Anthology)
The Black Fossil

