Copyright 2019 Amy Cross 
All Rights Reserved 
  
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, events, entities and places are either products of the author's imagination or are used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual people, businesses, entities or events is entirely coincidental. 
  
Published by Blackwych Books Ltd., London
First published: July 2019
This edition: February 2021
  
One woman. Two vampire brothers. Three nights of terror. 
  
When she moves to Paris to start a new life, Chloe Carter soon learns that she can't leave the past behind. First, her ex-boyfriend shows up with a surprising offer. And then there are the vampires...

Chloe is soon drawn into the middle of a fight between two ancient vampire brothers. Matthias is handsome and charming, but he's dying and he seems to have a strange fixation on Chloe. Hugo, meanwhile, is withered and injured, and he seems consumed by his need to find his lost love. But why does Hugo blame Chloe for everything that has happened, when Chloe has never met either of the brothers before?

The Vampire Falls is the first book in the Three Nights of the Vampire trilogy. This book ends on a cliffhanger, which is continued in the sequel The Vampire Burns.
Table of Contents 
  
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Epilogue
The Vampire Falls 
Prologue 
Chloe 
  
Many years from now... 
  
Turning my head suddenly, I looked toward the door. I thought I heard... 
I sat completely still for a few seconds, but the only sound was the slow crackling of a dying fire in the hearth. I could have sworn I heard the door creak a moment earlier, even though I knew that was impossible. 
“Are you okay, Gran?” Harriet asked as she finished propping the window open. 
Turning, I saw her smiling at me. 
“You look startled,” she continued, making her way over to the side of my bed. “Do you want anything else from downstairs? I'm probably gonna turn in myself pretty soon.” 
“I'm fine,” I replied, “I just -” 
Stopping suddenly, I couldn't help but feel shocked by the sound of my own voice. I sounded so utterly, unbelievably old. Then again, looking down at my gaunt, veiny hands, I forced myself to remember that I was old. Just a week earlier, I'd had the whole family over to the house to celebrate my ninety-fifth birthday. 
Ninety-five. 
How in the name of all that was holy had I come to be ninety-five years old? Flexing my hands, I felt ripples of pain in the joints. Arthritis had begun to swell and inflame my knuckles long ago, and I'd lived with the discomfort for long enough to barely even notice it now. Apart from the days when it really flared up, anyway. Still, those old, bony hands didn't really seem like mine. It was as if someone had stolen my real hands, my young hands. I wanted to slip the leathery skin off like a pair of gloves, and emerge pristine and young again. 
Glancing over at the dressing table, I saw my little hand-held mirror. It was tilted in such a way as to show me a reflection of the curtain rail, but I knew that if I were to crane my neck a little and look into it properly I'd see my face. Or rather, the face of an old, old woman. A wrinkled old mask that time had placed over my real, young face. 
Suddenly I felt the bed shift slightly, and I turned to see Harriet sitting next to me. Reaching out, she gently took my left hand in hers. 
“Are you waiting for him?” she asked. 
I opened my mouth to reply, before glancing at the window. 
“I left it open,” she continued, “just like you said. But won't you be cold?” 
“I'll be fine,” I replied. Damn it, I flinched as I heard that old voice again. “I have my cardigan,” I added, turning to her and seeing a hint of tears in her eyes. “Don't you have something better to be doing?” I continued with a faint smile. “I can get myself to bed without being nannied around, you know. You should be off making bad life choices.” 
“I know,” she replied with a smile, “but...” She paused, before looking at the window as the curtains rippled slightly in a fresh breeze. “Is this just a ritual, Gran? Or do you actually think he might show up eventually? You've been leaving the window open for... Well, for as long as I can remember. And Mum says she remembers you doing it, too.” 
“He'll come if he can,” I told her, although those words immediately felt hollow. 
If he can. 
So uncertain. So doubtful. And yet so true. I knew then, as I had always known, that only one thing would ever keep him away. Only death. And by death, I meant not the frail, delicate kind of death that affects most of us and turns us into tissue-thin ghosts; I meant the real, aching death that swallows the soul of a great beast and draws it into the screaming dark void. I meant the kind of death that erupts from the nucleus of life and burns  starry souls to dust. 
“I should go to bed and let you rest,” Harriet said suddenly, letting go of my hand. “If you need -” 
“Do you want me to tell you about him?” I asked, surprising myself. Somehow that night felt different, and I didn't want to be alone. 
“Tell me?” She hesitated, and I could immediately tell that she was interested. She'd begun to rise from the bed, but now she settled again. “Why would you tell me about him? You never even told Mum. Not the details, anyway.” 
“I have to tell someone,” I replied, feeling a trace of tears behind my eyes, “before...” I paused, not wanting to say the words but not able to hold them back, either. “If I don't tell someone,” I continued, “then when I die, maybe no-one will ever know the truth. At least, not my version of it.” 
“You have your own version of the truth?” she asked with a smile. 
I nodded. 
“We all do, really,” I explained. “It's better to admit that, right from the start.” 
She glanced at the window again. 
“If he arrives tonight,” I continued, “then you'll have to excuse us. But until then, I can tell you about him. If you're interested, that is. And this isn't me giving up on him coming, you know. It's just a way of... reminding myself of what I'm truly waiting for.” 
She watched the curtains for a moment, before turning to me. In that moment, I could tell that I had her full attention, that she was going nowhere until I'd told her everything. 
“Is it true that he was a...” Her voice trailed off. “I mean, Mum said... Well, she...” She paused. “Well, Mum hints at a lot of things, but I think she feels silly saying them out loud. I think she doesn't know what to believe about certain... stories she might have heard. About Paris, and London, and that ring.” 
“It started in Paris,” I told her, my mind already swimming back to those days, as a cold breeze gently blew through the room. “That's where I met him. I was your age then, or maybe a couple of years older, but I was a young woman. I'd left London because I was sick of being stuck in one place all the time, and because I wanted to see the world. I know that might sound naive now, but stuff it, it's true.” 
Taking a deep breath, I realized I could remember every detail of that time. 
“It started one morning, shortly after I arrived in the city,” I continued. “I remember the elevator in my building was always broken. I didn't speak more than a few words of French, and I didn't know what L'ascenseur ne sont pas en cours d'utilisation meant, but...” I glanced at the window, momentarily wondering if he might be out there, but then I turned to Harriet and realized it was time to finally tell my story, “but I could hazard a guess.” 
Chapter One 
Chloe 
  
Paris, the present day... 
  
I didn't know what L'ascenseur ne sont pas en cours d'utilisation meant, but I could hazard a guess. 
“Great,” I muttered, tugging on the elevator door only to find that it was locked. Turning, I looked up the stairs and saw the skylight far, far above. 
There were eight levels in the building, but fortunately I didn't live at the very top. My new place was only on the seventh floor. 
  
*** 
  
“Damn it,” I muttered breathlessly, setting my bag of groceries down and taking a seat on the top step. 
I'd never been a gym bunny, but I'd never considered myself to be out of shape either. Back in London, I'd always been able to manage a quick dash for the bus without ending up in a mess, but since moving to Paris at the start of the month I'd started to notice certain differences. I'd been making an effort to walk everywhere rather than taking the metro, mainly because I wanted to get to know the local area. I fancied myself as a bit of a flaneur. I could be a little pretentious at times. 
Unfortunately, my twenty-three-year-old body was lagging far behind my ambitions. 
Grabbing my groceries again, I got to my feet and resumed the trek. To be honest, I'd needed to rest a little longer and my legs were killing me, but I refused to let myself feel like some exhausted old lady. Instead, as I reached the sixth floor and immediately began to head up to the seventh, I knew I had to push through my (admittedly rather low) pain barrier, and I focused on positive thoughts. 
“In sixth months,” I told myself, “you'll be skipping up these steps no problem.” 
Reaching the top of the next flight, I finally spotted the door to my apartment. As I made my way over and rooted through my pockets for my key, however, I noticed that the opposite door was open. This sparked my interest, since I'd not seen a sign of life from that apartment ever since I'd moved in, and the landlord had been a little evasive when I'd casually asked about my neighbor. 
“He keeps himself to himself,” he'd told me. “Don't bother him, and he won't bother you.” 
Now, as I opened my door, I couldn't help looking over at the other door and wondering why it was suddenly open. I waited for a moment, before realizing that I was being as nosy as my mother. Shuddering at that thought, I pushed my door open and hurried inside. If my neighbor wanted to air his place out a little, that was really none of my business. 
  
*** 
  
“No, honestly, I'm fine,” I replied, carrying my phone over to the window and looking out at the gray Parisian street far below. “Believe it or not, no-one's murdered me yet. I'm surviving just fine in the city.” 
“Don't let anyone take advantage of you,” my mother snipped, her voice coming across loud and clear all the way from South London. “If they think you're a naive young woman, those French men will eat you for breakfast. Just because they've got a funny accent, that doesn't mean they're not dangerous.” 
“I'm twenty-three, Mum,” I pointed out, watching as people walked past the building on the sidewalk. “I can handle myself.” Checking my watch, I saw that it was only 5pm, which meant Belinda wouldn't be knocking on the door for at least another hour. Still, Mum didn't know that. “Paris isn't all Amelie and Before Sunrise, but it's not exactly La Haine either.” 
A little Last Tango wouldn't go amiss, though. 
“I'm gonna have to go,” I continued, turning and heading back across the room, heading for my cramped little bedroom. “A friend from work is coming over and we're going to head out for drinks.” 
“What kind of drinks?” 
“Liquids, mother.” 
“Coffee drinks? Or alcoholic drinks?” 
“We might have a couple of glasses of wine,” I told her, smiling as I imagined the inevitable scowl. “Belinda's been here for years, she knows all the best bars.” 
“Two single young women, going to a bar?” I could hear the disdain in her voice. “I'm not sure I like the sound of that, Chloe.” 
“I'm sorry, I can't really hear you too well,” I replied, gently blowing into the phone to simulate static. “I'm gonna have to go, Mum.” 
“Now listen here,” she continued. “I was young once, believe it or not, and I know what men are like.” 
“Sorry,” I added, blowing harder, “the line's really -” 
Suddenly I puffed my cheeks up and tried to make a sound like a snowstorm. The effect wasn't quite as strong as I'd hoped, but it was good enough. 
Finally, after cutting the call, I rolled my eyes as I tossed my phone onto the bed and headed over to the chair in the corner of my bedroom. I'd been to a department store earlier and bought some new tights, but as I looked through my bags, I realized there was no sign of them. Confused for a moment, I suddenly remembered setting that particular bag down next to the elevator on the ground floor, just before I tried the door. 
“Oh no,” I said with a sigh, as I contemplated another trek down and then back up the stairs. “Please, I can't have left them all the way down there. The universe isn't that unfair.” 
  
*** 
  
Stepping out the front door, I made my way over to the top of the stairs, before stopping and looking over again at my neighbor's apartment. His door was still wide open, and after a moment I realized I couldn't hear any sign of life from within. 
I hesitated, telling myself that it was none of my business, before finally relenting and wandering over. There had to be some middle ground, I reasoned, between Mum-like snooping and harsh urban indifference. Call it neighborly concern. 
Stopping in the doorway, I looked through into the apartment and saw that it was much more bare than mine, as if whoever lived there had barely bothered to add anything since moving in. I waited, listening in case I heard a bump, but the place seemed completely quiet. I knew there was a chance that my neighbor had simply forgotten to close his door when he left, but at the same time I couldn't shake the feeling that something was wrong. I'd grown up in a quiet English village where people genuinely cared about one another, and although I knew life wasn't like that in the city, I still felt as if I should at least check that everything was okay. 
Besides, I'd never met or even seen my neighbor before, and I figured this might be a good opportunity. 
“Hello?” I called out tentatively. “Is anyone home?” 
Silence. 
I knocked gingerly on the door, and then I waited. 
More silence. 
Not just silence, either. As I look into the hallway, I realized that absolutely nothing was moving. It was almost like looking at a photograph. 
“Hello?” I said again, still not quite daring to go inside. “I saw your door was open, and...” I paused, feeling as if this was really none of my business. 
“What the hell are you doing?” I imagined Mum squawking. “Get away from that door, Chloe! You'll be murdered, or worse!” 
“Hello?” I called out. “I don't mean to interrupt, I just... I wanted to make sure everything's okay. Sorry, I don't speak French very well.” 
I waited, but it was becoming increasingly clear that no-one was home. I figured I should just pull the door shut and be on my way, but then I realized that maybe my neighbor had left it open on purpose. Perhaps he'd lost his keys, or perhaps he'd left it for a friend. Telling myself that I probably shouldn't interfere, I turned to go to the stairs and retrieve my bag from the lobby far below. 
Suddenly I stopped as I realized I could hear a faint gasping sound. 
Turning, I looked back into the apartment. The sound was continuing, as if someone was struggling to breathe. 
“Hello?” I said after a moment, starting to wonder if my neighbor was sick. “I... My name is Chloe Carter, I live in the apartment opposite. I don't mean to pry, but I noticed your door was open and I just wanted to make sure that everything's okay. I'm just.... being neighborly.” 
I waited, but all I heard was the same gasping sound, coming from the room at the far end of the apartment's hallway. 
“Should I come in?” I asked. 
No reply. 
“I'm coming in,” I continued, even though I was desperately worried that I might be intruding. “Just to check on you, okay? I really don't want to invade your privacy, but...” I paused, before stepping over the threshold and into the apartment. I immediately felt wrong and out of place, but I knew there was no turning back now. 
I took a deep breath. The apartment smelled musty, as if it hadn't been disturbed in a while. 
“Just me,” I called out. “Chloe from next door. Like I said, I just want to make sure you're okay.” 
Stepping across the hallway, I approached the door to the front room. The apartment was laid out exactly like mind, except that everything was reversed. Still, despite having only arrived in Paris a short while earlier, I'd begun to make my place feel like home, whereas the guy in this apartment seemed not to have bothered at all. There were no decorations at all, and when I peered through at the kitchen I saw that it was completely bare. Even the fruit basket, just like the one the landlord had given me as a welcoming gift, was still on the counter, albeit rotten and disgusting. 
“It's just me,” I continued, reaching the door to the front room and looking through. “I was -” 
Stopping suddenly, I saw to my horror that an old man was slumped in the chair by the window, with the blinds drawn. From the way he was sitting, he looked barely conscious, and his head was tilted away so that I couldn't see his face. The room was pretty dark, with the only light coming through at the very edges of the blinds. 
“Are you okay?” I asked, starting to fear the worst. In the back of my mind, I'd begun to realize that I didn't even know the number of the emergency services in Paris. Did they use 999, like England, or did they have some other number? 
The figure in the chair didn't respond, but I could hear his slow, rasping breaths and I could just about see his chest rising and falling. At least he was alive. 
“My name is Chloe,” I continued, still hoping against hope that he'd suddenly spring up and tell me he was fine. “I live in the apartment across from yours, and I saw your door was open so I wanted to check that you're okay. I figured I should probably introduce myself, and then...” 
My voice trailed off as I realized that the figure didn't even seem to have noticed my presence. Dressed in what appeared to be some kind of old-fashioned dinner jacket, as if he'd only recently returned from a party that had ended a century ago, he was at least breathing, although after a moment I realized I could hear a series of faint, mumbled gasps coming from his mouth. Stepping a little closer, I realized he actually seemed to be talking to himself. 
“Okay,” I said finally, as it became clear that the guy really did need help, “I'm going to  call a doctor or someone, okay?” 
I waited, but still there was no response. 
“Just hold tight,” I continued, pulling my phone from my pocket. Opening a browser window, I tried to stay calm as I typed in a search for French emergency numbers, and I quickly came up with the answer. “One, one, two,” I muttered, starting to type the number into my phone. I turned to the old man and forced a smile. “It's fine, I've -” 
Stopping suddenly, I saw that his head had turned and that he was now staring straight at me. 
“I...” 
For a moment, all I could do was watch his old, reddened, watery eyes. 
“My name,” I continued finally, “is -” 
I fell silent. The man's gaze was more intense than anything I'd ever felt before, as if he was pinning me to the spot through sheer willpower. 
“Get out,” he stammered finally. 
I swallowed hard. 
“My name is -” 
“Get out!” he said again, more firmly this time. 
“I just came to help,” I told him. “My name is Chloe -” 
“Get out!” he screamed, suddenly stumbling to his feet and grabbing my shoulders, pushing me toward the door. “Out! Get out of here!” 
“I'm sorry!” I shouted, almost dropping my phone as I stepped back across the room. “I was only trying to -” 
Before I could finish, he pushed me hard enough to send me clattering against the wall. Bumping my elbow hard, I let out a gasp of pain and then turned to see the old man advancing, as if he was getting ready to physically manhandle me out of his apartment. 
“I'm leaving!” I told him, holding my hands up to indicate surrender. “I'm sorry, I'll go right now!” 
Ducking out into the hallway, I made my way toward the front door and then out to the stairwell. When I turned, I saw to my surprise that the old man was still following me, shuffling as quickly as he could manage along the corridor with an expression of pure fury in his eyes. 
“My name is Chloe,” I explained, hoping to set things right, “and I -” 
Suddenly he slammed the door in my face, leaving me standing alone in the stairwell. I could hear the sound of him muttering to himself as he headed back through his apartment, but my heart was racing and I was still trying to work out whether I'd done anything wrong. 
“My name is Chloe,” I said out loud finally, a little forlornly. “I just wondered if you needed help.” 
I waited a moment longer, before turning and starting the long trudge down the stairs to fetch my bag. 
“I guess that's a no, then.” 
Chapter Two 
Matthias 
  
It had started.
Slumping against the wall, I tried to get my breath back. I had wanted to embrace Chloe as soon as I saw her, but I didn't dare. I knew what was supposed to happen next, and I couldn't risk making any changes. Already I was worrying about the effect of small mistakes I might have made, but I reminded myself that it was only the big changes that would cause trouble. I knew that I had to focus my energy on the task of restoring my body to its former state. I vowed that the next time I saw Chloe, I would have my old, younger face again. 
The jaws of destiny were closing tight around us. 
Chapter Three 
Chloe 
  
“Men get worse with age,” Belinda said matter-of-factly as she topped up my glass from the bottle of champagne she'd ordered at the bar. “It's a fact. Women age like a fine wine, and men age like...” She paused, searching for the right word. “Men age like a chocolate biscuit. They get soggy and runny and increasingly unpleasant.” 
“It was my fault,” I replied, taking a sip of champagne but still not liking it very much. To be honest, I'd never been much of a drinker and I was struggling to keep up. At the same time, I wanted to start experiencing real Paris life, and I figured I had to learn to drink like a local. “I went into his apartment without permission, and I disturbed him when he was obviously just taking an afternoon nap.” 
“You were trying to help him!” 
“I was intruding.” 
“His door was open!” 
“That doesn't mean anything.” 
Rolling her eyes, she clinked her glass against mine and then took a long, heavy swig. Setting her glass back down, she let out a brief burp that seemed entirely at odds with her otherwise chic appearance. 
“Are you sure I don't look like a prostitute?” I asked. “This dress is kinda short.” 
“My longest dress is shorter than what you're wearing tonight,” she replied, rolling her eyes. 
“I suppose,” I muttered, but I couldn't help looking down at my exposed knees. 
“Let me tell you something about men,” Belinda continued, wiping her lips on the back of her hand. “Men get worse with age and -” 
She frowned. 
“Did I already say that?” 
I nodded. “It's okay. Maybe I need to hear it again.” 
“Let me tell you something else about men,” she added, taking another long gulp of champagne and immediately refilling her glass. “They get worse with -” 
I smiled. 
“No, something else,” she continued, before taking a moment to concentrate. “I'm not senile. Men will suck you dry if you let them. I'm taking about emotions here, before your dirty mind starts wandering.” 
“I'm fine,” I replied, although I looked down at my drink, hoping that the lights of the bar would hide my blushes. 
“I mean it,” Belinda said loudly, nudging my arm. “Let a man into your life and he'll sink his teeth into you, and he'll start sucking your life-force like...” She took another swig. “Like a  vampire.” 
“Not all men are like that,” I pointed out. 
“You say that from experience?” 
“Well, no,” I replied, “not really. Not much.” Was I blushing? “I just don't think you can say all men are all similar. Some are bad, and some aren't. It's the same with any group of people.” 
“True,” she said with a smile. “Maybe. You'll harden with age, as the knocks pile up.” With that, she clinked her glass against mine again. “Now drink up. I've got tonight all mapped out, and we've still got four more bars to hit before midnight!” 
“Four?” I replied, my eyes widening with shock. “I can't manage four!” 
  
*** 
  
“Four,” I muttered, sitting on a bench on the metro platform, waiting for a train. “I shouldn't have... tried to manage...” 
I hiccuped. 
“Four...” 
Checking my watch, I saw that it was almost 2am. I wasn't drunk drunk, not by party girl standards, but I'd had way more than I'd usually contemplate and I was definitely feeling a little light-headed. Belinda had led me from bar to bar, and she'd easily consumed four times as much alcohol as I had, yet she'd seemed bright and perky when we'd headed our separate ways a few minutes earlier. Now I was alone on a little wooden bench, waiting for my train, and all I could think about was that I wanted to crawl into bed and spend the whole of the next day under the covers. 
I hiccuped again. 
And then I smiled as I heard my mother's voice in my head. 
“You'll get murdered sitting there!” she was yelling. “They'll find your poor little corpse floating in the Seine! Get a taxi, Chloe!” 
Glancing along the platform, I saw a middle-aged woman on one of the other benches. I quickly told myself that she looked nothing like a murderer, although then it occurred to me that that's exactly what a murderer would want me to think. I stared at her for a moment until suddenly she glanced at me, at which point I looked down at my purse and waited until I saw, out the corner of my eye, that she'd gone back to reading her newspaper. At that moment, I heard a distant rattling sound approaching along the tracks, and I turned to see the lights of the train approaching. 
Getting to my feet wasn't quite as easy as normal. 
A couple of minutes later, as the train rumbled and creaked out of the station, I sat slumped in a tatty old seat. The bright lights of the carriage offended me somehow, but I had to concede that the late-night Paris metro was at least less busy that its London counterpart. In London, I reminded myself, there'd be gangs of wild drunks, and even someone as plain-looking as me would be whistled at and probably propositioned. Taking a deep breath, I made a mental note that at the age of twenty-three, I was way too old to be out and about so late. I'd tried a night out in Paris and I hadn't really enjoyed it that much, so from now on I'd just chill at home, even on Saturdays. 
After all, I hadn't moved to Paris for fun, or for adventure. I'd moved because - 
Suddenly glancing out the window as the train slowed, I realized I was already at my stop. I got to my feet and tottered to the door, and finally I stepped out onto the platform. Looking both ways, I saw that there was no-one else around, so I began to make my way toward the steps at the far end as the train sped up and then whooshed away. A gust of wind blew against me, bringing a faint stench of dirt and cigarettes, but finally I was all alone and the only sound came from my heels as I picked up the pace and made for the steps in the distance. 
Bed. 
I just wanted to get to bed. 
And sleep. 
I needed - 
“You must stop!” a voice shouted suddenly, as a hand grabbed my shoulder from behind. 
Startled, I pulled away and turned to find an old man lunging at me with wild, panicked eyed. Stepping back against the wall, I reached into my purse and fumbled for the mace spray that my mother had made me pack. 
“Where is he?” the old man continued, putting his hands on my shoulder again. 
“I'm sorry,” I replied, twisting away, “I don't know what you're -” 
“Where is he?” he stammered again, seeming even more panicked than a moment ago. “I need to see him one more time!” 
“I don't know what you're talking about,” I replied, taking the can of spray from my bag but not opening it yet. After all, I figured the old man couldn't be too dangerous. “Please,” I told him, “I think you've got me confused with someone else.” 
“I have been searching,” he continued, limping toward me as I took a couple more steps back. He reached out to grab me, but this time I dipped out of the way. “Where is he?” he asked again, almost pleading with me. “I thought I might never find him, but then I realized I just had to try one more time!” He started coughing, doubling over for a moment and leaning against the side of a bench. “I remembered the story...” he added, before breaking into another series of coughs. 
“I'm sorry,” I told him, taking a couple more steps back, “but I think this is a case of mistaken identity. I don't know who you are. My name is Chloe and -” 
“Please,” he gasped, between yet more coughs, “you have to help me. I know he's still here, but I can't find him without your help.” 
Stepping back again, I shook my head. “I'm gonna go, okay?” I told him. “I'm sure you'll be fine.” 
“Chloe, please...” 
He reached out and lunged at me again. I managed to give him the slip as he stumbled and fell onto the bench, but I was really starting to think that he was out of his mind. For one thing, he was dressed like a hobo and he stank, and for another he wasn't making any sense at all. As he broke down into a long, bone-shaking coughing fit, my first instinct was to try to get some help for him, but I knew there was probably nothing I could do. Still, I hated the idea of leaving a sick old man alone on the metro, and the shock had sobered me up a lot, so I took a step toward him. 
“Hey,” I said, reaching out and touching his arm, “listen, can I -” 
“Where is he?” he shouted, grabbing my wrist and pulling me closer. 
“You're kinda hurting me,” I told him. 
“Where is he?” he hissed, pulling me toward him. 
“Please,” I replied, trying to get free, “can you let go? You're hurting my arm.” 
“He can't get away with it,” he continued, leaning closer to me until I could smell his foul breath. “Chloe, I need to see him, I need to make sure -” 
“Stop!” I shouted, finally managing to get my wrist out of his grasp. He'd been squeezing so tight, he'd left a red mark, and as I took a step back I began to realize that there was no way I could help him. “Listen,” I stammered, trying to stay calm, “I don't know who you are, and I hope you've got somewhere to sleep tonight, but there's absolutely nothing I can do to help you, okay? And you shouldn't go around grabbing people like that, even if you're drunk because they'll -” 
“Where is he?” he shouted, scrambling across the seat and trying again to grab me, before breaking down into another coughing fit. 
I stepped back, watching as his whole body shuddered, and finally I realized that I just had to get home. Turning, I began to make my way toward the steps, before stopping suddenly and slipping my hand into my purse. Finding a ten euro note, I turned back and slipped the money onto the bench next to the old man, who was still coughing violently. 
“That's for you,” I told him. “Get something warm, okay? Like a cup of tea or, I don't know, a croissant or something.” 
With that, I turned and started hurrying toward the steps. I forced myself to ignore the old man's continued coughs, and after a moment I looked down and saw that my wrist was still red and sore. 
  
*** 
  
“Awful person,” I gasped breathlessly as I reached the sixth floor of my building and stopped to rest against the wall. “I'm an awful person. Get yourself a croissant. Did I really say that?” 
Taking deep, hawking breaths, as I struggled to recover from the ascent, I couldn't help thinking about that poor old man on the metro platform. Ten euros wouldn't help him, not really, and I was starting to feel as if I should have tried to do more for him. I mean, sure, he'd scared me and he'd bruised my wrist, but I hated the idea of him being all alone out there and I just wanted to try to help him. He'd seemed so confused and scared, as if he genuinely hadn't understood what was happening. I couldn't even begin to imagine what kind of a life might lead a man to end up in such a mess, but I figured that it must have been a long time since someone had tried to help him. My heart ached at the thought of him alone out there in the city, night after night. 
“I should go back,” I whispered. “It's the right thing to do.” 
I turned. Then, stopping suddenly, I remembered that the man at the metro station had been closing the gate as I left, which meant the place would be locked up by now. I figured that either the old man had been forced out into the cold night air, or he'd taken another train to a station that stayed open a little later. Either way, finding him would be next to impossible. 
“I'm an awful person,” I said again, as I turned and began sloping toward the final flight of steps. I actually started to feel cramp in my legs as I headed up to the next floor, but I figured that was the least I deserved. After all, I'd failed to be a good Samaritan, and I'd essentially abandoned an old man to a cold night alone. 
Then again, what more could I really have done? 
Suddenly hearing the jangling of keys, I looked up and realized there was someone at the top of the stairs. I almost never ran into anyone in the building, and when I glanced at my watch I saw that it was 2am. Still, I knew there were people living up on the eighth floor, so I told myself that it wasn't that surprising to hear signs of life. Taking a deep breath and still fighting against my aching legs, I stumbled to the top of the stairs while rooting through my bag for my purse. 
And that's when I saw him. 
Stopping, I stared blankly at the man who was just in the process of unlocking the door of the apartment opposite mine. Having previously become accustomed to the idea of that particular door always remaining closed, I was now seeing it open for the second time in just a few hours, although this time the man entering the apartment was clearly not the same old man I'd disturbed earlier. As he pushed the door open, the man had his back to me but I could already tell that he was much younger, more like my own age, with jet-black hair and an immaculately tailored suit. 
He stepped into the apartment, but after a moment he paused, as if he realized he was being watched. Finally he turned a little, and I saw the side of his young, impossibly handsome face. He had cheekbones to die for. Or to kill for. Or both. 
A faint smile crossed his lips as he turned all the way to look at me. 
“Hi,” I said, although my voice chose that exact moment to add a kind of high-pitched squeak. 
Damn my voice. 
He frowned. 
“I mean hi,” I said again, lowering my voice a little too far this time. I sounded like I was growling. 
He tilted his head slightly. 
I was just about ready to give up and hurry inside to collapse into an embarrassed puddle. Making my way toward my door, I realized I was already blushing. I wanted to say something, to introduce myself, but I figured he'd already written me off as a calamitous drunk and a bit of an idiot. Plus, I told myself that my knee-length black dress probably made him think I was a lady of the night. In which case, I was suddenly filled with a need to set the record straight. 
“Neighbor,” I mumbled, turning to him with a faint, embarrassed smile as I held my key up for him to see. “Not a prostitute. I mean... I'm your neighbor.” 
“Clearly,” he replied. “I assumed.” 
“That I was your neighbor or that I'm a prostitute?” 
“That you're my neighbor,” he said, with a faint smile. 
I froze for a moment, feeling very much in the spotlight. I knew I should just go into my apartment and hide forever, but at the same time I also felt I'd spent a little too long in the stairwell to just disappear so quickly. I tried to work out what Belinda would do in this situation, and I quickly realized she'd probably be effortlessly chic and end up dragging the guy to bed. Belinda and I had always been very different. Opposites, you might say. 
“Sorry,” I said finally. 
He frowned. “For what?” 
“For thinking you were thinking I was a...” 
My voice trails off. 
I tried to think of something. 
“For intruding,” I said finally. “I mean... I was in your apartment earlier, or... Your grandfather's apartment, maybe? I thought maybe something was wrong, so I went in to check on him, and I think he was a bit annoyed.” 
“He was?” The man still seemed a little amused by me. “Well, thank you for your concern, but I'm sure there's no long-term damage.” 
“Can you tell him again that I'm really sorry?” I asked, stepping back against my door. “I really was just trying to help. I thought maybe he was sick, and his front door was wide open and...” I paused again, feeling woefully out of my depth. “Do you... Do you live with him? I thought he lived alone...” 
“It's complicated,” he replied. 
I nodded. 
“You must forgive my... grandfather,” he continued. “Perhaps you caught him at a bad time. I'm quite sure you did nothing wrong, and it was very good of you to check on him. Please, I hope you don't feel as if you did anything wrong. His reaction was unnecessary and harsh.” 
“Well, I guess I disturbed his afternoon nap.” 
“Think no more of it,” the man replied, before pausing for a moment, as if there was something else he wanted to say. “Well,” he added finally, “it was very nice to meet you, Chloe. I hope you've had an enjoyable night, and I'm sure you're keen to get some rest. It's rather late, after all.” 
“Do I look tired?” I asked, before realizing that he was right. Turning, I fumbled with my key until I finally managed to get my door open. Already seething with embarrassment, I figured I just needed to say goodnight and then make a quick, clean and dignified exit. There'd be time for withering self-mockery later. I took a deep breath, before turning back to the man and forcing a smile. “Good -” 
He was gone. 
I looked around, but his door was shut and there was no sign of him anywhere. 
“Huh,” I muttered, figuring that he must have gone into the apartment. I waited for a moment, feeling just a little miffed that he'd disappeared so abruptly, and then I realized that my bed was calling. “Huh,” I said again, before swinging the door shut. And then, for a moment, I realized that the guy had called me by my name. Had I even told him my name? 
I guess so. 
Chapter Four 
Matthias 
  
How had I managed to hold back? How had I not swept her into my arms and kissed her, and confessed my undying love? 
In truth, I had prepared long and hard for the moment. So many decades had passed since I'd last seen her face, and in that time I had managed to strengthen my resolve. I had forced myself to focus on the importance of what was going to happen, and I had reminded myself that I must not give in to temptation. 
And whenever I had felt tempted, I had thought of Hugo, and of what had happened to him when he'd tried to ignore the laws of the world. Unlike my brother, I was able to constrain myself, even if my heart ached to see Chloe again and hold her tight. 
Alone in the quiet of my apartment, I fought the urge to turn and go after her. I made my way toward the main room, but then I stopped as I noticed a note that had been left on the hall table. Reaching down, I picked the piece of paper up and saw a message scrawled by a familiar hand: 
  
Don't worry, I'll find a chance to give it to her. Soon. XXX 
  
Holding the note for a moment, I took a deep breath. There was still so much that could go wrong, yet I had no option other than to trust in the plan. To trust in Chloe. 
Chapter Five 
Chloe 
  
His hands reached up from the bottom of the bed, running across my night-dress before reaching the shoulder-straps, which he began to ease aside. 
I arched my back as I felt him pulling the night-dress down. The cool, silky fabric rippled over my bare breasts and then down to my belly. The fabric began to tighten as it reached my hips, but a moment later I heard a faint ripping sound as he tore the rest of the dress open and his fingers touched the flesh of my thighs. One hand moved deeper, as if reached between my legs, while the other hand moved up and cupped my breast tight. 
I felt his hot breath against my neck, and then suddenly I heard a series of loud, piercing beeps starting to fill the air. 
“What's that?” I gasped, looking around the room. “Do you hear it?” 
  
*** 
  
I had never hated a sound as much as I hated my alarm clock that morning, as I opened my eyes and found myself staring up a the gray ceiling of my very un-steamy bedroom. 
Having stirred me from the most incredible dream, the clock was blaring incessantly on the table next to my bed. Confused for a moment, I was still partially lost in my thoughts as I reached over to grab my phone, only for it to slip from my hands and land on the floor, still screaming at me to get up. 
“Damn it,” I muttered, leaning over the side of the bed and fumbling for the phone. Tapping at the screen, I tried to stop the alarm, but the phone was fairly new and I still hadn't quite got it mastered. “Shut up,” I hissed, finally getting the damn thing unlocked but still not sure how to stop the screeching sound. “Shut up, shut up, shut -” 
Finally the alarm was silenced and I slumped down, with my elbows on the floor and my legs still up on the bed. Not the most delicate of positions, and definitely a stark contrast to the dream I'd been enjoying just a moment earlier. For a  few seconds, still sprawled in that ungainly pose between bed and floor, I allowed myself to revisit part of the dream, with the unseen man's fingers running across my bare flesh. I closed my eyes, wondering whether perhaps I could even go back into the dream and pick up where I'd left off. 
His touch had been so soft, and he'd seemed to anticipate each move of my body even before I knew what I was going to do. Lost in a trance, I relived those passionate moments, and the way his hands reached down and his fingertips brushed against my - 
Suddenly my alarm started again, making me jump. Grabbing the phone, I fumbled once again to turn the alarm off, and this time I made damn sure that it wasn't simply on snooze mode. Sighing, I got up and sat on the edge of the bed for a moment, before realizing that I needed to get ready for work. Outside, a gray Parisian morning awaited, although I couldn't deny that the dream had left me feeling a little tingly and flustered. Somebody really needed to invent a machine that could record dreams, because I would have watched that one over and over again. 
Heading through to the bathroom, I made sure to turn the shower temperature way down. When I forced myself to step into the stream of water, I let out a yelp that I'm quite sure could be heard for miles around. 
  
*** 
  
“It's so awful,” a voice sobbed as I stepped out of the elevator. “I can't believe this could have happened.” 
Before I'd made two steps toward my office door, I realized something was wrong. Although this was only my second week working at the agency, I'd pretty quickly become accustomed to the place being a hive of activity when I arrived. On that particular morning, however, everyone was sitting over by one particular desk, and there was a strange, hushed atmosphere. Glancing around, I saw that most of the computer terminals were still untouched, and that was a very clear sign that there was a problem. 
My first thought was that the company had gone bust, and that we were going to be tossed out of the building at any moment. 
“Hey,” I said cautiously, making my way over to join the others. “Is everything alright?” 
As soon as Miriam turned to me, I saw tears in her eyes. 
“What?” I asked, setting my bag down. “What's wrong?” I looked at the others, and I was starting to realize that something much more serious must have happened. “Is it a terrorist attack? Has there been another terrorist attack?” 
“It's not that,” Miriam said, reaching out and putting a hand on my arm. “Didn't you hear?” 
“Hear what?” 
She opened her mouth to reply, before lowering her face and letting out a series of sobs. 
“It's Belinda,” Liam said, putting an arm around Miriam to comfort her. “I'm sorry, Chloe, I know you two were close.” 
“What's Belinda?” I asked, with a growing sense of panic. “What happened to Belinda? Did she get arrested? Does someone need to go and bail her out for something?” 
“She's dead,” another voice gasped. 
“What?” I frowned. Nothing made sense, and for a moment I couldn't work out why they were playing some kind of trick on me. “What are you talking about?” I continued. “Belinda's fine. I just saw her, we went out for drinks. She's not dead!” 
“They found her yesterday afternoon,” Liam replied. “Didn't you see the news?” 
“What news?” I asked, starting to panic but still convinced that there'd been some kind of miscommunication. “Can someone please tell me what's going on here?” 
Handing me a tablet computer, Liam tapped the screen to bring up a news story. The words were in French, so I barely understood a thing, but the accompanying photo showed a group of police officers swarming around what appeared to be a dark little alleyway. 
“A twenty-four-year-old woman was found murdered,” he explained, his voice trembling with shock. “They haven't released many details, but some blogs are saying she was horribly mutilated. The police haven't officially commented yet, but they called up the office this morning to let us know they want to come and talk to us.” He paused, his eyes wide with horror. “It's Belinda.” 
“No,” I replied, as my hands started shaking, “it can't be. I was with her!” 
Staring at the screen, I tried to make sense of what he was telling me. Belinda couldn't be dead, I knew that. Not only had I been with her a little more than twenty-four hours earlier, but Belinda was clearly not the kind of person who got murdered. People who got murdered were unlucky, or foolish, or naive, or quiet, whereas Belinda had always been brash and confident and street-smart. She was bulletproof. 
I was way more murderable than Belinda. 
Shaking my head, I scrolled down the web-page, but of course everything was in French and I still hadn't picked up much more than the vocabulary required to order a coffee and a croissant. 
“I can't believe it,” Miriam sobbed. “What kind of person would do something like that?” 
“I read something horrible on one of the blogs,” Jane added cautiously. “It said her body had been...” Her voice trailed off for a moment. “Well, maybe I shouldn't say. It's pretty gross. If anyone wants the link, I can send it.” 
A couple of people nudged her arm and whispered something about getting the link by IM. 
“Are you okay?” Liam asked, watching as I continued to stare at the tablet screen. “Chloe?” He paused for a moment, before touching my shoulder again as tears began to fill my eyes. “Hey Chloe,” he continued. “Are you okay? Chloe, say something. Chloe, you're starting to look really pale.” 
  
*** 
  
I'd never been in shock before. Not really. Not the kind of true, all-consuming shock that renders your body completely useless and leaves you shivering and numb. 
Not the shock I was feeling in that moment. 
The tears had come and gone, and now I was sitting in my office. I'd turned the thermostat up, but still I felt chilled to the bone. I was shivering, but at the same time my head felt too blank and empty for me to actually do anything about it. All I could think about was that photo on the web-page, showing the police officers in the alleyway, and every few seconds my mind tried again to fill in the blanks. 
I thought of the tight little black dress Belinda had been wearing the other night. I'd been kind of shocked by how much skin she'd been happy to show off, but now I imagined that same dress torn and ruined, and her flesh bloodied and covered in bruises. For some reason, my mind was coming up with the most horrible images, interspersed with seemingly random memories from that drunken night out. 
“See you on Monday!” I remembered Belinda shouting as she'd waved to me at the entrance to the metro station. “Don't do anything I wouldn't! And stay safe!” 
At the time, I'd felt so naive and innocent, like the little country mouse compared to her street-wise city fox. She'd seemed so collected and together, as if she had life all sussed out and under control. If I'd been told that one of us wouldn't make it home that night, that one of us would end up dumped in some dark little alley, I'd have assumed it would have been me. Anyone would have assumed that. The thought of anything bad happening to Belinda just seemed completely, hopelessly impossible. 
Hearing a bump at the door, I suddenly realized someone had come into my office. 
“I'm really sorry to disturb you,” Liam said, with none of the usual brash fizz in his voice, “but... the police have spoken to everyone else now. They need to have a word with you too.” 
  
*** 
  
The officer wanted to know about Belinda's love life. Did she have a boyfriend? 
No, I told him. Not that she ever mentioned to me, at least. She enjoyed playing the field, although she'd admitted during our night out that she'd taken a little break from men. She was constantly checking online dating apps, I added, but only as a distraction. I told him that I didn't think she'd met up with anyone for months. Then again, as I said those words, I began to wonder whether she'd been keeping something from me? Had there been a side of Belinda that I'd never seen? 
Next he asked about Saturday night. Had we bumped into someone at one of the bars, someone who might have ended up following Belinda home? 
I couldn't think of anyone. He asked me to take a moment, to really go over the events of the evening, but still I couldn't come up with anything that might help. I told him that we'd just gone from bar to bar, talking all the time, and that the only other people we'd spoken to had been barmen and waiters. I told him that I'd felt completely safe, and that Belinda had even commented on the fact that, as she'd put it: “we've been strutting our stuff for hours and not one asshole has tried to molest us. How disappointing is that?” 
The officer seemed a little put-out by this information. Disappointed, maybe, as if I'd disrupted his pet theory. He made some notes, and then he crossed something out before sighing, turning to the next page, and writing something else. 
I wasn't a bad friend, I told him. 
He glanced at me, clearly confused. 
I wasn't, I continued. I knew it wasn't something he needed to know, that I was just unloading unnecessarily, but at the same time I felt that I had to make myself clear. Every word that left my mouth seemed to exist far away, as if someone else was saying them. 
I told him I felt bad for letting Belinda walk home alone. 
I told him it was my fault she was dead. 
He shook his head. He said I shouldn't think like that. 
I knew he'd say that. I told him that if I'd walked Belinda home before taking the metro, she'd still be alive. 
Again he told me not to blame myself, but I could see in his eyes that he knew it was true. He was trained to be supportive, and to say the right thing, but deep down he clearly understood what had happened. Belinda had been attacked because she'd been alone, because someone had seen her in a dark street and had decided he could snatch her and do whatever he wanted, and no-one would notice. If I'd been with her, that bastard would have simply stayed in the shadows and waited for another victim. Sure, someone still would have died, but it wouldn't have been my friend, and it wouldn't have been my fault. 
As the officer started asking more questions, I tried to focus on his voice, but I was starting to notice a high-pitched whistling sound that seemed to be coming from the window. 
Finally I interrupted the officer and asked him about the blog posts. I said I hadn't read them, but that I'd heard they gave gruesome details about what had been done to Belinda. I asked him whether those details were true. He told me not to think about it, and to definitely not look at the posts. 
Chapter Six 
Matthias 
  
“Zieghoff was a monster!” a woman called out as I approached the steps at the front of the council building. “Don't make him a hero!” 
Nearby, another – separate – crowd jeered and booed. Tensions were clearly running high, and it was clear that the meeting was going to be tense. After months of deliberation and delay, a panel was finally going to meet and decide what to do with the mansion home of Klaus Zieghoff. The main proposal was for the place to be demolished, but others wanted it to be used as a museum. 
Stopping for a moment, I watched as police officers struggled to keep the two groups of protesters apart. 
“He should be wiped from history!” a man yelled. “Don't insult his victims! Zieghoff deserves to rot!” 
It felt strange to hear his name again, after so many years. I had not forgotten the man, of course, but sometimes I had let myself believe that the world had begun to bury all thoughts of his life and crimes. A few times, I had even gone out to look at his abandoned mansion at the edge of the city, albeit only from afar. And I had found myself thinking back to those awful days when it had seemed that he might take over the world. Finally, I was starting to believe that Zieghoff should not have been forgotten at all; for once he had been forgotten, the world might lose the lessons that it had learned, and a new Zieghoff might rise. 
Realizing that I had no stomach for the council's deliberations, I turned and began to limp away. I could still hear the crowds shouting over my shoulder, and I flinched every time the name Zieghoff was used. I wanted to forget that the man ever existed, but I knew that I could have no such luxury. Klaus Zieghoff had been dead for several decades, yet I knew full well that he was soon to bring more evil and suffering to the world. 
Chapter Seven 
Chloe 
  
The whistling sound followed me home at lunchtime. 
I was supposed to work a full day, but after the police left I'd been unable to get anything done. Eventually Liam and the others had suggested shutting the office for the afternoon, to let everyone have some time to get over the shock. I'd agreed, barely able to think straight, and then I'd turned down the chance to go with the rest of the staff and get a coffee somewhere. I think they were worried about me, but I insisted I'd be better off just going home alone, so I'd set off in the opposite direction. 
The sounds of the city had seemed to retreat during my journey, as if the tide of noise had gone out and had been replaced by that high-pitched, constant whistling dirge that I'd first heard while I was talking to the police officer. I knew something was wrong, but I couldn't rouse my thoughts and make myself worry. Instead, I was simply replaying that final night with Belinda over and over. 
“Are you sure you'll be okay going home by yourself?” she'd asked me, at the top of the steps leading down to the metro. 
“Do I look like a child?” I'd replied, with just a hint of drunkenness. 
“It's no problem for me to walk you to your door,” she'd continued. “Come on, let me help out.” 
“I'm fine!” I'd been so keen to prove my independence, it hadn't occurred to me that I was the one who should have been worrying about her. Then again, why would I ever have worried about her? Belinda was bullet-proof. 
Eventually she'd walked off along the street, and I remembered how her black leather jacket had caught the glow of the streetlights as she'd disappeared into the distance. I remembered the exact moment I'd lost sight of her, after which I'd turned and headed down into the bright, empty metro system. 
“Chloe?” 
Suddenly something touched my arm as I approached the door to my building, pulling me out of my memories. Turning, I saw a familiar figure standing next to me, holding a ridiculously large bouquet of red roses, but it took a moment before my addled mind could put a name to the face. 
“Jackson?” I asked, feeling as if the world was starting to spin all around me. “What are you doing here?” 
  
*** 
  
“They're really nice,” I said, swallowing hard as I placed the roses on the kitchen counter. “Really... red.” 
“I remembered how much you like roses,” he replied, standing in the doorway and watching me intently. “Chloe, are you sure you're okay? You look kind of pale.” 
“I'm fine,” I whispered, staring at the roses. The petals were such a bright, striking shade of red, they made me think of blood, which in turn made me think of Belinda's body in that alley. “I'm fine,” I said again, turning to Jackson and trying to smile. The last thing I wanted was to tell him what had happened. He didn't know Belinda anyway, so it was none of his business. 
I didn't want to tell him how much I was hurting. 
I didn't want to let him get that close again. 
“So aren't you gonna ask why I'm here?” he replied. 
Staring at him, I realized that was a good question. Jackson belonged in London. 
“Why are you here?” I asked, trying not to appear too dazed. 
“Because of you, dumbass.” 
I stared at him, trying to understand. My thoughts briefly drifted back to Belinda, before I forced myself to focus. 
“I'm sorry,” I stammered, “what?” 
“Because of you,” he continued, stepping toward me. “After you left London, I couldn't stop thinking about you. Maybe I didn't appreciate you before, but I do now. I think I just started taking everything for granted, that's why things didn't work out between us.” 
“That's not why,” I told him. 
“It is,” he replied. “Really, it is, if you think about it.” He put his hands on the sides of my arms, just above the elbows. “I've figured it all out. Why we broke up, why the magic faded, why our souls became less entwined. It was a psychic thing, Chloe. We let our intimate connection get disrupted by the negative energy of the city around us.” 
“You slept with someone else,” I pointed out, struggling to think back to that awful time. All the drama suddenly seemed so petty and pointless when set aside everything that had happened to Belinda. “Two someone elses, actually,” I added. “But who's counting? It's in the past.” 
“I was taking you for granted.” 
I stepped back. He tried to keep hold of my arms, but I pulled away. 
“I came all the way to Paris to win you back,” he continued. “Doesn't that say something about the strength of my feelings for you? I took the coach all the way here from London. I got your address from your mother.” 
“Thanks, Mum,” I muttered under my breath. 
“I waited all morning out there on the street,” he added, “just so I'd be able to catch you when you came home. I mean, doesn't that prove that I'm being genuine?” 
Staring at him, I realized I'd barely been paying attention to a word he'd said. 
“So here's what I think,” he continued. “Let's try again. I get it, you came to Paris to make a fresh start, but is this really your home? Why don't you come back to London and we can start again, eh? I mean, come on, you always told me how much you hated being alone.” 
“I did?” I replied, genuinely not remembering any of that. 
He nodded, before taking another step toward me. 
“Chloe,” he continued, “sweetheart, what do you have here in Paris? Your friends are back in London. You had a decent job there, too, and a life. Have you got any of that out here?” 
“I haven't exactly been here for very long,” I pointed out, feeling a cold shiver pass through my chest. “I barely know the place.” 
“And do you speak a word of French?” 
“Enough to get by,” I lied. 
“I will never, ever take you for granted again,” he continued, stepping closer. My back was against the kitchen wall this time, so I couldn't move away without seeming rude. “I promise, Chloe. Hand on heart, I swear I won't. Doesn't that sound good?” 
“You shouldn't have come,” I told him. “Not today.” 
“What's wrong with today?” 
I opened my mouth to tell him about Belinda, but that last thing I wanted was his sympathy or concern. I just wanted to get rid of him, and to never see him again. 
“Nothing,” I stammered. “I'm just tired, that's all.” 
“Chloe, let's talk.” 
“Maybe you should go back to your hotel,” I told him, “or wherever you're staying. I can't talk about this right now.” 
“Chloe, please...” 
“Just go,” I continued. “I'll meet you later, but right now, I need some time alone.” 
He sighed. “I haven't got a hotel,” he said after a moment. “Actually, I was...” He paused, before offering a faint, cheeky smile. “I was kinda thinking you wouldn't mind me crashing here. With you.” 
  
*** 
  
“Goodbye, Jackson,” I said firmly, swinging the door shut and then immediately sliding the chain across. 
“Chloe,” he replied from out in the hallway, “come on, seriously. Don't be weird about this. Let's talk.” 
“You should start looking for a hotel room,” I replied. “They fill up fast.” 
Turning, I made my way through to the kitchen. When I got there, however, I realized I had no idea what to do next. All I could think about was Belinda, and as I leaned against the door-frame I couldn't help imagining her body in that alley. 
“Chloe!” Jackson shouted, banging on the door. “Let me in! Don't be such a bitch! I came all the way from London for you!” 
Closing my eyes, I managed to ignore his voice. The high-pitched whistling sound had returned, drowning everything else out, and I couldn't shake the feeling that the air pressure was increasing all around me. With tears in my eyes, I slid down until I was sitting on the floor, and finally I started sobbing. 
I don't know how long I stayed like that, but eventually I realized it was getting dark outside, and that Jackson had finally stopped banging on my door. 
  
*** 
  
The streets were busy that night, busier than I'd have liked, but I couldn't help myself. I had to get out of the apartment, even though I didn't really have anywhere to go. I told myself I could just walk around for a while and get to know the area, but after an hour or so I began to realize that I should face the truth. 
I was walking in one specific direction. 
Sure enough, a little while later, I reached the street near the alley where Belinda's body had been found. There were flashing blue lights up ahead, and as I got closer I saw that a couple of news crews were still reporting from the scene. I didn't understand a word of what they were saying, but they had very serious expressions as they talked into their cameras. Part of me wanted to run over and tell the people watching at home about Belinda, to let them know what a kind and funny person she'd been, but instead I simply walked past, before stopping at a nearby kiosk and buying some gum. My hands were shaking again, as if to remind me that I could put on a brave face but that deep down I was still a wreck inside. 
Turning, I looked over at the alley, where a couple of policemen looked to be clearing up the scene. 
“And this newspaper,” a voice said nearby, as someone else made a purchase at the kiosk. 
Still watching the alley, I imagined Belinda walking down there, probably taking a shortcut home. 
“I'm sorry,” the voice said suddenly, “but... I think we've met before, haven't we?” 
Turning, I saw the man from the apartment building standing next to me. I still had to stare at him for a moment, blinking like a weirdo, before I realized that it was actually, truly him. 
“I...” Startled, I considered turning and running, before finally realizing that I should at least be polite. “I... Yes, I... I think so...” 
“I take it you heard about what happened?” he asked, looking toward the reporters. “Such a tragic waste of life, and so unnecessary.” 
“I knew her,” I replied, before I even had time to stop myself. I immediately felt as if I'd made a mistake, but the cat was out of the bag and when I turned to him I could see that he was concerned. “I knew her,” I said again, and this time I felt tears in my eyes. “She was my friend,” I added, holding the tears back. “I was with her the night she died, just a few hours before. I was with her, we went to some bars, I said goodnight to her at a metro station and then I went home and she went off and got murdered and now I'll never see her again and...” 
My voice trailed off, and I suddenly realized that I was on the verge of tears. 
The man paused, before removing a black glove and reaching out to touch my shoulder. 
“My name is Matthias,” he told me. “Do you want to get out of the night air and find somewhere to talk?” 
Chapter Eight 
Matthias 
  
I knew I was making a terrible mistake, but I couldn't help myself. I needed to see her. To talk to her. To hear her voice. To be close to her again. Even if, by doing so, I risked making the same mistake as my brother. 
Chapter Nine 
Chloe 
  
“You can't blame yourself for the actions of a madman,” Matthias said firmly, once I'd told him about my night out with Belinda. Behind him, outside, the bright lights of late-night Paris filled the cafe's window. “You did absolutely nothing wrong.” 
“I let her walk home alone,” I replied, feeling a pang of guilt that had become all-too-familiar during the course of the day. “If I'd just gone with her, or made her split a taxi with me, she might be alive now.” 
“You don't know that.” 
“Of course she would,” I continued. “Some psychopath was obviously lurking in the shadows, waiting to pick off the first women who wandered past.” I paused for a moment. “I guess someone else would be dead, but it wouldn't be my friend. Maybe I'm being selfish, but I'd give anything to have Belinda back. If I hadn't let her walk home alone, the killer wouldn't have got her.” 
“You can't be sure of that,” he said darkly. Framed against the glittering lights of traffic that passed the cafe, his features seemed marked by deep shadows, even thought he looked to be only a few years older than me. “Sometimes, no matter what we do, no matter what choices we make, certain things are fated to happen. That doesn't mean you can't fight and try to stop them, but...” 
His voice trailed off for a moment. 
“A very important person once told me,” he continued, eyeing me with a hint of concern, “that destiny is like a river. You can alter its course here and there, maybe slow it down or make the waters rush faster, but ultimately you can't stop it reaching the sea. It took me a long time to realize the truth of those words, but mere mortals simply can't fight against such huge forces.” 
Suddenly he flinched, as if he was in pain. 
“Are you okay?” I asked. 
He nodded, forcing a smile, and the moment was gone. 
“I'm sorry,” he added, “I suppose that must have seemed a little... intense. I wish I could do more to put your mind at ease. It must be hard, losing a friend in such horrific circumstances.” 
I looked down at my cup of tea, which I hadn't even touched yet. Pressing a finger against the cup's side, I realized it was already lukewarm at best. 
“It should have been me,” I whispered. 
“That's not true at all.” 
“I came to Paris because I wanted to see the world,” I said after a moment, “and -” I paused again. Opening up to this stranger felt unusual but, at the same time, somehow very right. “I came to Paris because I wanted to see the world,” I said again, glancing at him, “but now I'm starting to think that I've seen more than enough.” Outside, a car sounded its horn. The more I looked at Matthias, the more the city behind him seemed to go out of focus, with the lights of the cars shining like diamonds. “I think I might just pack it in and go back to London.” 
“Is that what your friend would have wanted?” he asked. 
“Belinda?” I smiled as I imagined her reaction, and then I felt fresh tears in my eyes as I remembered once again that I'd never speak to her again. “No, she'd have hated that idea. She'd have told me I have to stick it out, but I don't see how I can stay here when the whole city reminds me of what happened to her.” 
“You can't outrun your memories,” he replied. “Trust me, the faster you try to run from them, the harder they slam into you when you finally have to stop running. And everyone has to stop running eventually, even...” He paused for a moment. “Even people who thought they could escape it all. Especially people who thought they could escape it all. The most you can do is try to pick your spot, to decide where you'll be standing when it happens.” 
I opened my mouth to tell him it was different with Belinda, to tell him I wasn't up for the fight, but somehow those words stuck in my throat. 
“Maybe,” I found myself saying finally. “Sure. Maybe you're right.” 
  
*** 
  
“So you're here to look after your grandfather, or something?” I asked a while later, as we wandered back along a road that ran next to the river. 
“My grandfather?” 
“At the apartment?” 
“Right.” He smiled. “Kind of. It's a long story.” 
“Is he still mad at me?” 
“For what?” 
“For disturbing him,” I continued. “I'm sure he's told you all about the English woman who barged into his apartment and woke him up.” 
“Oh, he's very understanding,” Matthias replied, with the smile still lingering on his face. “I'll put in a good word for you. I'll let him know that you only had the best -” 
Suddenly he stopped and gasped. Placing a hand on the railing, he seemed to be steadying himself. 
“What's wrong?” I asked, realizing he was in pain. 
“It's fine,” he stammered, “just...” Reaching down, he put a hand on his waist, as if he was feeling for something. “Just... It'll pass.” 
I waited, shocked, but after a moment his smile returned. 
“Please,” he continued, “don't be alarmed. It's under control, I just...” 
“Are you sick?” I asked, before realizing that I was prying. “I'm sorry, you don't have to tell me.” 
“I'm not sick,” he replied, clearly still in a little pain. He took a series of deep breaths, before letting go of the railing. “I'm sorry, I guess I've hijacked your evening, haven't I?” he added, checking his watch. “You must excuse me, I didn't realize how time was getting away from me. It's almost eleven.” 
“I have work in the morning,” I replied. “Well, at least... I guess I do. We closed the office early today because of what happened to Belinda, but I suppose tomorrow everything has to start getting back to normal.” I paused, trying to imagine how the office would feel with Belinda gone. “I guess we'll have to hire someone to take her place,” I muttered, turning as I saw the Eiffel Tower lit up in the distance. When I glanced back at Matthias, however, I saw that the discomfort had returned to his face, although he smiled as soon as he saw that I'd noticed. At that moment, I felt convinced that he was hiding something. 
“It's nothing,” he continued, “really.” 
“Do you have a job to get to in the morning?” 
“Not as such,” he replied, “although I certainly have a lot to do.” 
“Looking after your grandfather?” 
He frowned, as if he had no idea what I meant, before finally nodding. “Of course. Looking after my grandfather. The old man never quits asking for things. Seriously, it's hard to believe how grumpy people can get toward the end of their...” His voice trailed off. “Maybe we should get going,” he added. “It's cold out here and I should deliver you safely to your door. Tonight of all nights.” 
  
*** 
  
Once the door to my apartment was shut, I leaned back and listened to the sound of Matthias heading through the door on the other side of the hallway. I held my breath for a few seconds, until I heard his door clicking shut. 
For a moment, standing alone in the silence, I felt as if the rest of the city had suddenly faded away. After a few seconds, however, I heard a distant car horn, and I realized that life was, in fact, going to continue regardless of what had happened to Belinda. In a way, that was what hurt the most. I'd wanted to scream at people in the street, to ask how they could be laughing and having fun when Belinda was dead. Of course, they didn't know Belinda, but I was still offended by the idea of life going on as normal for other people. 
I guess I was even offended that the world continued to turn. 
Exhausted, I began to get ready for bed. I felt a little like a zombie, traipsing through my usual routine, although one thing was missing. Most nights, Belinda would send me jokey little messages, usually teasing me for being at home and telling me to get my ass out to join her at some bar or club. Checking my phone that night, I saw no messages at all, and I couldn't help thinking about how unfair the world seemed. After all, Belinda had been one of those people who was always full of life, and she'd made other people feel better about themselves too. Well, she'd made me feel better about myself, that's for sure. 
I guess I just didn't understand how someone like that could die in such a brutal manner. 
By the time I was in bed, I'd taken a couple of sleeping pills but my mind was still racing. I tossed and turned for a couple of hours once the light was off, but I just couldn't stop going over the day's events in my mind, and naturally I started thinking about my night out with Belinda. I told myself the guilt and regret might fade over time, but that for now I just had to go through them. Finally, I don't know how, but I managed to fall asleep. 
In my dreams, I was back in the bar with Belinda. It was the night before she died, and she was going on and on in her usual way about the importance of finding a good man in the city. My attention began to drift, however, and I found myself focusing more and more on the dark corner at the far end of the room. As Belinda continued with her latest rant, I began to notice a figure in the shadows, someone I hadn't noticed when we were out. I couldn't see the figure's face, but I was starting to feel as if Belinda and I were being watched. As if someone had been watching us on the night she died. 
“Men get worse with age,” Belinda was saying, her  voice phasing in and out of my dream. “It's a fact.” 
I tried to turn and reply, but instead I found myself staring across the dark bar. I knew I was dreaming, but I couldn't manage to make myself wake up and I felt as if something was gripping the back of my neck, squeezing tight. Invisible hands were touching me all over, gripping me harder and harder. 
“Women age like a fine wine,” Belinda continued, “and men age like... Men age like a -” 
Before she could finish, I felt my entire body being dragged across the room. I tried to call out, to grab onto another table, but some kind of external force had taken hold of me and was moving me around like a rag doll. I couldn't hear Belinda anymore, and the sound of the bar was overwhelming, as if thousands and thousands of voices were filling the air. After a moment, however, I realized I could hear little snippets of each conversation in turn, as if somehow I was rifling through the room and checking to see what everyone was talking about. 
I felt like a puppet, powerless to keep myself from being flung in every direction. 
“What is this?” I whispered, starting to feel light-headed as the room began to spin around me. 
Suddenly I was tilted back and swung around, before the force shoved me in a different direction. I raced past Belinda, who was still talking as if nothing strange was happening, but now I was being shoved toward the bar and then a little further toward the far corner, where the force stopped me abruptly and held me a few feet off the ground. Looking down, I saw my feet hanging in mid-air, but a sudden burst of nausea filled my belly and I tilted my head back. 
“Where is he?” a voice said suddenly, echoing through my thoughts. “Focus!” 
Looking across the room, I saw all the other bar patrons, and after a moment I realized I could see Belinda sitting alone at our table, chattering away as if I was still there. 
“Belinda!” I gasped. “Help me!” 
As if to offer some form of reply, the external force turned me around until I was facing the dark corner of the bar. Once again, I became aware of a figure in the shadows, someone who seemed to be staring straight back at me. I wanted to look away, to grab Belinda and run, but somehow my head was being held firmly in position and all I could manage was to stare at the figure. I couldn't see his face, which was somehow hidden behind a smudge of darkness, but I could sense him staring at me. After a moment, I realized I could feel something reaching out and touching the edge of my mind, as if my thoughts were being probed. 
“What are you doing?” I stammered, trying again to get free but still unable to move. “Why can't I wake up?” 
“Now finish that drink,” Belinda's voice said suddenly, as if her lips were right next to my ear. “I've got tonight all mapped out, and we've still got four more bars to hit before midnight!” 
“Four?” I heard my voice replying, echoing across the room. 
Suddenly I saw the dark figure emerging from the shadows, as if it was coming straight toward me. Immediately, my body was swung around and I realized I was no longer in the same bar. Instead, I was in another bar from that night, the one that Belinda had insisted on showing me toward the end. The last bar that I ever went into with her. I looked around, and finally I spotted her ordering drinks. I remembered that part, and I even remembered the face of the barman, but a moment later my body was twisted around and I was sent flying through the air until I reached the bottom of the steps at the room's far end. 
“Stop!” I shouted, trying to get free. The grip on the back of my neck was stronger now, as if someone really was holding me up. 
I tried to grab my arm, to pinch myself so that I might wake up, but again my entire body seemed to be frozen. 
And then I saw the figure again. He was at the top of the stairs, shrouded once again in shadows, staring down at me. I gasped and tried to pull back, but I was still being held in place and a few seconds later I actually felt myself being lifted higher. Whatever was holding my neck, it was starting to move me up the stairs, straight toward the dark figure. 
“I need to see his face,” a voice whispered in my mind. “I need to be sure that it's him.” 
“Who are you?” I stammered, trying not to panic as I floated closer and closer to the dark figure. 
“I need to be certain.” 
“Who are you?” I asked again. 
“Why won't he show his face?” the voice continued, starting to sound annoyed. “What's he trying to hide from me? Has he finally decided to show his true cowardice?” 
Suddenly the dark figure lunged at me. I opened my mouth to scream, but I was quickly turned around and I felt a rush of nausea as the world pivoted around me. For a few seconds, all I saw was a series of blurred lights, before my vision settled and I found myself outside, standing at the top of the steps that led down to the metro station. It was as if I was being dragged through my memories of that night and forced to relive certain key moments. 
“Get home, loser,” Belinda was saying with a grin as she tried to light a cigarette. A cold night's breeze was buffeting her hands, constantly thwarting her attempts until finally she turned her back on the wind and got the cigarette lit. 
I remembered that. 
That's exactly what happened. 
“Next time we go out,” she added, taking a long, slow drag, “I want you to be on top form, understood? It's a scandal for anyone to head home before the sun comes up. We're still in our twenties, Chloe. A good night out should involve more than a few drinks and then binge-watching some crappy TV show in bed. A good night out should last about three nights!” 
“Are you sure you don't want me to walk you home?” I heard my voice asking. 
“Yes!” I shouted now. “Belinda, don't go alone!” 
“I think I can handle myself,” she said with a grin, leaning closer and kissing my cheek before taking a step back. “Sleep well, baby doll. Are you sure it shouldn't be the other way around? Shouldn't I be walking you home?” 
“I'll be fine,” I heard myself telling her. “It's just a couple of stops on the subway.” 
“Please don't go,” I stammered, begging Belinda to stay even though I knew it was just a dream. She turned and began to walk away, still smoking her cigarette, but I couldn't even reach out to stop her. “Belinda!” I shouted. “Wait! Don't go!” 
“There,” the voice whispered in my ear suddenly. “We're getting closer.” 
Still feeling a hand holding the back of my neck, I watched Belinda wandering away along the sidewalk. After a moment, however, I realized I could see a dark, smudged figure standing nearby. For a few seconds, the figure seemed to be watching me, and then it turned and started following Belinda. 
“No!” I screamed, with tears in my eyes. “Belinda, wait! Come back! It's not -” 
Before I could finish, I saw the dark figure swamp her, and then she was gone. 
“No!” I shouted, trembling with shock. “Leave her alone!” 
“I was right,” the voice said calmly, still just millimeters from my ear. “I had to see for myself first, though. I had to be sure.” 
“Stop!” I yelled, watching the spot where Belinda had vanished. Tears were streaming down my face, but I still couldn't manage to move my body. “You can't let her -” 
Suddenly the pressure on my neck was gone. I stumbled forward, but I quickly tripped and fell. When I landed on the cold, dirty sidewalk, I tumbled straight through into the darkness below. It felt as if I was falling forever, but eventually I realized I could feel hundreds and hundreds of hands reaching out to grab me. I tried to twist free, but flames were starting to fill the air and I could see twisted, dark figures below, reaching up with their charred hands. When I landed on them, their bodies shattered and I collapsed into a pile of ash that quickly filled my mouth. The faster I tried to spit the foul powder out, the faster it seemed to run down my throat. 
“Stop!” I tried to shout, but my mouth was full now and I was sinking deeper into a vast ocean of gray ash. 
As I slipped beneath the surface, I tried one final time to call out. 
“Help me!” I shouted, sitting up suddenly in bed. My heart was pounding and beads of sweat was pouring down my chest, but when I looked around I quickly realized I was in my bedroom. 
Outside, gray morning light filled the Parisian sky. It took a moment, but finally I realized my phone's alarm had started beeping. I was sitting up in my cold bed, covered in sweat and panting to get my breath back. 
Chapter Ten 
Matthias 
  
The pain was intense, burning through my chest, and finally I collapsed in the middle of the room, not even managing to reach the chair. 
I held my breath, but this time the pain was much stronger than before, rippling through my body as if it was searching for some new route to my heart. I crawled forward until I reached the chair, at which point I turned and leaned back. The pain had to fade, I knew that, but for now it was bursting through me. 
I let out a faint gasp. 
I thought of Chloe, of her face in the cafe. 
She'd seemed so young again. I'd almost forgotten how innocent she once was. How free. How much I changed her. When I thought of how she looked when I last saw her... 
Slowly, the pain began to fade. I still didn't dare try to get up, not for a few more minutes, but at least I was able to breathe more freely and to focus on getting air into my lungs. It had been a long, long time since I'd known such pain, but the effort of entering Chloe's dream had taken a toll. I remembered the days when I used to walk effortlessly into the thoughts of anyone around me, when I could step from mind to mind, from the dream of one person to the dream of another, without even breaking a sweat. I remembered the times when Chloe invited me into her thoughts. 
Now, the effort of just one night had been enough to almost cripple me. 
Still, I'd seen enough. 
I'd seen the dark figure lurking at the edge of Chloe's perception, and I'd seen him following her. I hadn't really needed any proof, the prophecy had already been very clear about what would happen once Hugo was released, but it was still useful to lay eyes on him again after all this time. Besides, I knew what he was going to do, just not how or exactly when. All I could hope was that I'd have enough time to heal before he made his next move, although deep down I knew that his madness would force him to work fast. 
Feeling another flicker of pain, I hauled myself up into the chair and told myself that I had to rest. Hugo would move soon, and I would have to be there to stop him. I would finally have to face my brother again. 
Chapter Eleven 
Chloe 
  
“No, there's not actually going to be a funeral here in Paris,” I replied as I led Tricia, the new agency temp, across the office. “She'll just be sent to London so her family can arrange things. It's complicated.” 
“It's so awful,” Tricia said with a frown. “It's weird, too. I remember seeing that murder case on the news last week, and now here I am, taking the dead girl's job. It's kinda macabre.” 
“Best not to think about it,” I told her as we reached Belinda's old desk in the corner, which had now been cleared ready for the new girl. “I guess the best thing is for you to just dive in,” I continued, turning to her. “Liam and the others in the main room can help with any problems you experience, but my door's always open so feel free to pop in and ask if you've got questions.” 
“I'll do that,” Tricia replied, holding her hand out to me. “I'm really grateful that you gave me this job, and I won't let you down.” 
“Sure,” I replied, forcing a smile as I shook her hand. “Welcome to the team.” 
With that, I turned and headed through to my office. I couldn't help glancing over my shoulder, however, and watching as Tricia took her seat at Belinda's old desk. I understood that the company had to fill the role, of course. I had no resentment or anger in that regard. I can't deny, however, that it hurt to see how quickly things changed. How quickly Belinda was being forgotten. 
  
*** 
  
Suddenly hearing an angry man saying something in French, I realized I was blocking the aisle in the supermarket. I stepped back, allowing the man to reach the milk, and then I heard him mutter something under his breath. 
“Pardon, er, moi,” I said, hoping that my limited French would be okay, but the man simply huffed and walked away. 
Looking along the aisle, I realized for a moment that I had no idea how I'd ended up in the supermarket. I remembered meeting Tricia at the office and showing her around, and then I remembered spending most of the day working through some old client profiles, and then... 
Somehow it was evening now and I was in the supermarket. Looking down, I saw my little basket of groceries. I'd already picked up a loaf of bread and some microwave meals, and in my stupor I'd also grabbed some brie. Still, it was unnerving to realize that I'd basically spent the day on auto-pilot, even if I'd managed to get all my work done. Taking a deep breath, I told myself to get my crap together. 
Suddenly I realized someone was watching me. I turned and looked along the bright aisle. There was no sign of anyone, but I was certain someone had been standing at the far end. I waited, before realizing that I was probably just cracking up. 
  
*** 
  
Sitting on a bench at the metro station, I glanced up at the board and saw that my train was still five minutes away. I was feeling a little out of it, as if my thoughts were elsewhere, and a moment later I realized once again that someone was watching me. 
I turned and looked along the platform, but there was no sign of anyone. 
I waited. 
Nothing. 
“Keep it together,” I muttered, taking a deep breath and looking back down at my bag of groceries. “Just make sure you don't lose your mind.” 
“Talking to yourself now?” 
Almost jumping out of my skin, I turned just in time to see Jackson taking a seat next to me. He looked rougher than before, and more skittish, and I couldn't help noticing that there was a fusty smell around him. 
“What are you doing here?” I stammered. 
“That's a fine way to greet the man you love,” he replied. 
I sighed. 
“I mean, you told me you loved me,” he added, glancing past me and then looking the other way, as if he was worried we might be spotted. After a moment, he turned back to me. “You told me lots of times. In bed. On romantic walks. Over dinner. In pubs.” 
“This really isn't the right time,” I said firmly. 
“How're you doing, Chloe?” he continued. “How's life in Paris treating you?” 
“I thought you'd gone back to London,” I told him, resisting the urge to get up and walk away. “Have you been here for the past week?” 
“I found a cheap little hotel,” he said with a nervous smile. His right leg was shuddering, as if he was worried about something. “Of course, cheap still costs money, so I was thinking that maybe I could just crash on your sofa.” 
“No way!” 
“Come on.” He reached out to touch the side of my face, but I pushed his hand away. “Chloe, seriously,” he continued, “be reasonable. I came to Paris for you, to win you back. The least you can do is let me stay with you. Who knows, maybe a little proximity'll help us get the flame burning again. Isn't it worth trying to save what we had?” 
“I don't want to get anything burning again,” I told him, still shocked that he'd shown up in the first place. Pausing for a moment, I realized he was more than nervous, he was terrified. “What's really going on?” I asked. “Are you in trouble again?” 
“Chloe...” 
“That's it, isn't it?” I continued, slowly starting to see the truth. “You didn't come to Paris to get back with me. You're hiding from someone.” 
He sighed. “Don't be paranoid.” 
“I don't want to see you again,” I told him, getting to my feet as I saw my train approaching in the distance. “Keep away from me, okay? Go back to London, and to whatever or whoever you're running from.” I paused as the train rattled into the station. “Take it from me, running never solves anything. I'm sure you'll be fine if you just face your problems head-on.” 
“You're running from your problems,” he said with a self-satisfied grin. 
“And look how that's working out,” I replied. “You still keep showing up.” 
Turning, I made my way toward the carriage. To my relief, I saw a couple of ticket inspectors standing next to the seats. 
“Chloe, wait!” Jackson hissed, hurrying after me. 
“Got a ticket?” I asked, turning to him once I was on the train. 
He stopped outside the carriage, and as he glanced at the inspectors I could tell he'd been planning to ride for free. 
“Go home,” I told him firmly. “Go back to London, and leave me alone.” 
Before he could reply, the doors slid shut and I felt a rush of relief. The train began to pull out of the station, and I watched as Jackson stood staring at me in disbelief. After a couple of seconds, however, I noticed something more alarming. My bag was still on the bench behind him, with my purse inside. And my travel card. 
Slowly, I turned as the ticket inspectors came toward me. 
  
*** 
  
“Two hundred euros,” I muttered under my breath as I made my way into the apartment building, still fuming about the fine I'd been given. “Two hundred euros.” 
Sighing, I tried the elevator but quickly found that it was still out of order. I took a deep breath, looking over at the stairs and contemplating the long trek up, and then I realized that once I got home I'd have to start ringing around to cancel my cards and start  replacing everything I'd lost in my purse. For a moment, the sheer weight of it all just seemed to collapse on my shoulders and I leaned back against the wall. 
“Come home,” I remembered my mother telling me on the phone a few days earlier. “Chloe, I don't know what you're trying to prove, but come back to London. You don't belong in Paris.” 
I allowed myself to contemplate the possibility, before realizing that there was no way I intended to surrender. I'd moved to Paris because I wanted to see the world, and I figured I wasn't going to let a rough start put me off. As I started to climb the stairs, however, I couldn't help wondering whether it'd be totally inappropriate to see if Matthias wanted to grab another coffee. I hadn't seen him since that night at the cafe, and I'd started to wonder whether he was still in Paris at all. I'd felt a little calmer with him, and I wanted to feel calm again. Reaching the second floor, I realized that at least the constant trek up and down the stairs was starting to make me fitter, so I kept going rather than taking my usual rest. 
By the time I reached the seventh floor, I was out of breath and my legs were aching. Taking my keys from my pocket, I was about to unlock my door when I glanced at the other door and realized that maybe I should take the initiative. Wandering over, I knock and waited. 
And waited. 
And waited. 
And then I knocked again. 
“Hello?” I said cautiously. “It's Chloe from next door, I just wondered if...” 
I paused, feeling as if I should just give up. 
“I just wondered whether Matthias is around,” I added. 
Silence. 
In fact, I was starting to realize that I hadn't heard any sign of life from the apartment at all over the past week. In my mind's eye, I imagined the old man still sitting all alone, and I realized that I really didn't want to disturb him. 
“No?” I said finally, stepping back. “Okay. I guess I understand. Sorry to disturb you.” 
Sighing, I made my way across the hallway and unlocked my door. Once I was inside and safe from the rest of the world, I took another deep breath and tried to get my thoughts together. After a few  seconds, however, I glanced through at the front room and saw that the curtains were drawn, leaving the room shrouded in darkness. I distinctly remembered looking out the window while I was grabbing breakfast earlier, so as I made my way to the doorway and looked through, I was starting to wonder how the curtains had suddenly been pulled back across. 
The landlord. 
The landlord must have entered and drawn the curtains. 
Why would he do that? 
I paused, feeling a slow, creeping sense of fear in my gut. 
I don't know how, but deep down I was suddenly aware that I wasn't alone. I waited, hoping the sensation would fade, but if anything it was getting stronger. I stepped over to the kitchen counter and grabbed a knife, before turning and looking across the room. 
Darkness. 
Silence. 
But I still felt that presence, as if the shadows themselves were watching me. 
And then a faint click from somewhere else in the apartment. 
With the knife in my trembling right hand, I began to make my way toward the front door. I had no intention of confronting the intruder. Instead, I figured I'd just get the hell out and call the police. I tried telling myself that the most likely intruder was Jackson, and that for all his faults he at least wasn't dangerous. At the same time, I was fairly sure that Jackson wouldn't have resorted to breaking in. I kept my eyes fixed on the room, in case someone suddenly jumped out at me, and then I turned toward the front door. 
As soon as I saw the figure next to me, I froze. 
“Hey,” a familiar  voice said, sounding a little weak, almost pained. A moment later, Belinda stepped out of the shadows. “I guess I'm probably the last person you were expecting to see right now.” 
Chapter Twelve 
Matthias 
  
“Where are you, Hugo?” I whispered, as I stood alone in the darkened room, searching for my brother's presence. “Why are you hiding yourself from me? I know you're close. Why not face me now and get this over with?” 
I waited, but I heard no reply. In truth, I had no idea whether he could even hear me. I knew he was somewhere in the city, that he'd finally returned after years of running and hiding. At the same time, I could not be sure that he dared make himself heard, for I was sure he feared me. He had to be hiding somewhere, waiting for the pieces of his traps to come together. 
“You still have time to call this off,” I said out loud, in the vain hope that he could somehow hear me. “Despite your madness, you are still my brother. And I'm begging you to end this cruelty before it's too late.” 
If he heard me, he remained silent. In truth, deep down, I already knew that there was only one way to stop him. And that was by force. 
Chapter Thirteen 
Chloe 
  
“Don't open the curtains!” Belinda hissed, grabbing my arm. “Whatever you do, don't open the curtains!” 
Turning, I saw her terrified, startled face staring back at me. She was gripping my arm so tight, it was almost as if she was in a state of panic. 
“What are you doing here?” I asked, still not convinced that she was real. “You're dead! Everyone thinks you're dead!” 
“Wait,” she continued breathlessly. “Just calm down and listen to me, Chloe.” 
“What happened?” I whispered, before looking at her hand she continued to grip my arm. Her touch felt real, which made it hard to explain the whole thing away as some kind of hallucination. Still, I was starting to think that maybe I'd lost my mind and finally cracked. “You're dead,” I said again. “The police came and interviewed us at the office!” 
“Chloe -” 
“I blamed myself!” I added, reaching out and hugging her tight. “I blamed -” 
Before I could finish, I realized her flesh felt cold. Pulling back, I tried to get a better look at her  face, but the room was too dark to see her properly. 
“Where have you been?” I asked. “They found a body in an alley! They said it was you! If it wasn't, then who was it?” 
“Can you just cut out all the questions for a moment?” she replied. “Chloe, please, there isn't much time and I have to tell you something important.” 
“We need to go to the police,” I replied, “and then let everyone know you're okay! Belinda, I talked to your parents on the phone last week! They were making plans to have your body taken back to England!” 
“Chloe...” 
“We gave your job away! That woman in HR's going to hate this!” 
She rolled her eyes. 
“Come on,” I added, heading back over to the hallway, “we have to -” 
“Will you just listen to me for a moment?” she hissed, pulling me back. “Chloe, this is really important! He's coming for you, and he's mad, real mad, and the only way you can save yourself is to give him what he wants!” 
“Belinda, I...” Staring at her, I realized there was fear in her eyes. “What are you talking about?” I asked. “Who's coming for me?” 
“Who do you think? The same guy who did this to me!” 
“Did what to you?” I asked. I was starting to think that maybe I wasn't the only one who'd lost my mind. Belinda seemed way more intense than before, and her hair was a frazzled, matted mess. Bad hair alone was more than enough to let me see that she wasn't her usual self. Before I could say anything else, however, I spotted two thick, dark scabs on the side of her neck, just below her left ear. Belinda had always been immaculately dressed, but in that moment she seemed strangely rough-and-ready. “Belinda, what -” 
“There's no time to go into it all,” she replied, her voice filled with a sense of urgency. “He sent me to find you, Chloe. He's mad, really mad, but he wanted to give you one final chance to make things right.” 
Staring at her, I saw the fear in her eyes. 
“What are you talking about?” I asked finally. “Belinda, you're not making any sense!” 
“He says you still have it,” she continued, grabbing my arms and holding me tight. “He says if you give it to him, he'll leave you alone. I don't know what he means, Chloe, but he's really, really angry at you and he's convinced you've got something of his. Please, just give it up before it's too late!” 
“I don't know what you're on about,” I continued, pulling free of her grip. “Let's just sit down and we can try to work out what the -” 
Suddenly I heard a loud banging sound on my front door. 
“That's him,” Belinda said, turning to look. “He's here.” 
“Who's here?” I asked, not daring to move. After a moment, an idea came to me. “Do you mean Jackson? Belinda, has my ex been talking to you and -” 
Before I could finish, I heard the banging sound again. 
“You should probably answer that,” Belinda said, stepping behind me as if she was seeking protection. “Chloe, he won't leave without getting what he wants. I've seen him, I've seen what he's like when he's angry. He's the one who did this to me!” 
“Did what to you?” I asked, turning to her. After a moment, however, I looked at the scabs on her neck and realized that they looked almost like a pair of puncture wounds. “Don't take this the wrong way,” I continue, “but you don't look so well. Where have you been for the past week?” 
“Don't defy him,” she replied, her voice starting to crack as tears filled her eyes. “I tried, Chloe. I tried refusing, I tried not giving him what he wanted.” She paused as the first tear ran down her cheek. “He laughed,” she continued, “and then he took it from me anyway. All of it and more. And then he did it again and again, 'til I knew I could never deny him again. You can't trust me, Chloe. Whatever friendship we had before, please don't think you can trust me now, because whatever he tells me to do, I won't be able to stop myself.” 
Suddenly I heard another loud banging sound in the hallway, and this time the door rattled in its frame. I turned and looked across the dark apartment, before turning back to Belinda. 
“He can't come in unless he's invited,” she sobbed, backing toward  the window. “I'm okay, I've been here before, but he needs to be specifically invited. That doesn't mean you can keep him out forever, though. He told me you'd resist, and he gave me a message for you.” 
“I don't know what you're talking about,” I told her, “or who you're talking about, but I think we need to get you some help. You've obviously been through a lot.” 
“He was there that night,” she continued. “I didn't know it at the time, but he showed me later. He was watching us while we were out, he was following you and then he realized he could use me to get to you.” She paused, watching the hallway with wide, terrified eyes. “If I hadn't been out with you, he never would have even noticed me. This is your fault.” Backing away even further, she bumped against the wall. “It's your fault, Chloe. It's your fault he did this to me.” 
“What do you mean?” I asked, still not understanding what she was talking about. “Who did what to you? Are you on drugs?” 
I flinched as I heard another, even louder knock on the door. 
“He did it,” she whispered. 
“Did what?” I asked, trying not to panic. “Belinda, who's out there?” 
She stared at me for a moment, before reaching down and starting to unbutton her shirt. I was about to ask what she was doing, when I realized I could see a thick scar running vertically down her chest, as if she'd been cut open from her neck all the way down to her belly. Black metal stitches had been used to tie the reddened edges of flesh together, although I could see some kind of translucent moisture glistening in the gaps. 
“He came and found me in the mortuary,” she stammered. “He killed me in the alley, and then he let them cut me open on the slab, and then he came back for me. He could have come for me sooner, but I think he wanted me to feel this. And it hurts, Chloe. It really hurts.” 
Staring at the wound, I still couldn't quite believe what I was seeing. 
“Belinda...” 
“Look!” she shouted, turning her head to the right and indicating the two scabs on her neck. “Don't you get it, Chloe? He killed me, and then he turned me into this thing!” She paused, before taking a step toward me. “I'm so sorry. I hope one day you'll be able to forgive me.” 
“Forgive you?” I asked, as I heard yet another bump against the door. “For what?” 
“For what I'm about to do,” she replied, with fresh tears in her eyes. “I told you, Chloe. I can't resist him. I can't deny him anything. And I know what he wants me to do right now, so...” 
“Belinda, wait! What -” 
Before I could finish, she grabbed me and threw me across the room, sending me slamming into the wall with enough force to almost knock me out. Slithering to the ground, I felt as if every bone in my body was vibrating. When I tried to get up, however, I felt a sharp pain in my chest. 
“I'm sorry,” Belinda continued, stepping past me and heading to the hallway. “If you won't invite him in, then I'll just have to do it myself.” 
Gasping, I rolled onto my side and started crawling toward the counter. I knew my phone was up there, and I was beyond the point of giving Belinda the benefit of the doubt. I had no idea what had happened to her, but I could only assume that she was high on some kind of drug. Reaching the counter, I pushed through the pain in my chest and began to haul myself up, frantically trying to locate my phone. All I knew was that I had to call the police. 
“I tried,” I heard Belinda saying in the hallway, as the front door creaked open. “I'm sorry. I guess he was right.” 
Letting out a cry of pain, I finally found my phone and slumped back down onto the floor. Not even daring to look over at the front door, I rolled onto my side and unlocked the screen before starting to enter the number for the emergency services. That, at least, I remembered from the time I went into my neighbor's apartment. 
“Chloe,” a voice said suddenly. 
A man's voice, towering over me. 
I froze, with only one digit of the number entered so far. 
“Look at me, Chloe,” the voice continued. “I've been sent to help you. Someone cares very much about your well-being, and he wants to see you.” 
“I'm sorry, Chloe,” Belinda sobbed, a little further away. “Please don't hate me. It's just... I can't fight back. I can't stand in his way. You'll understand soon. What he wants, he takes.” 
Still not daring to turn and look, I tapped another digit into my phone. My hands were trembling, and I was feeling an increasing sense of pressure in my chest. After a moment, however, I realized that although someone was speaking to me, the only sound I could really hear was the same high-pitched whistling sound I'd heard several times since the night Belinda had died. I winced as I felt a stinging sensation in my ears, and then suddenly something touched my shoulder. 
I turned and looked up, and I saw the darkest, angriest eyes staring back down at me. 
Chapter Fourteen 
Matthias 
  
As soon as I pushed open the door to Chloe's apartment, I picked up their scents. 
Two vampires. 
One male, one female. 
I could hear voices, too. 
“He wants her delivered directly to the mansion,” the female was saying. She sounded weak and uncertain, maybe even new. 
Yes, that was it. 
She was new. 
A fresh-born blood. 
How pitiful, I told myself, that he'd sent such a runt to do his dirty work. Then again, I supposed that he'd burned all his bridges with anyone even halfway respectable. 
“Let's just get it over with you,” the fresh-born woman continued. “I hate it.” 
“Don't you want to know why he's so keen to get hold of her?” the male replied. “Maybe we can use this situation as leverage.” 
It was the male who worried me. Unlike the female, he sounded old, and experienced, and the scent of his blood was far more potent. He was going to take at least ten seconds to kill. 
Taking a deep breath, I tried to find some hidden strength. In the old days, I'd never have hesitated. I'd have simply charged into the room and taken them both down, but my body was in too much pain to withstand a protracted fight. I knew that I needed to deal with the situation quickly, and that I had to rescue Chloe before Hugo's friends had a chance to get her away. Finally, realizing that I'd never feel entirely ready, I pushed the door open and made my way across the hallway, while trying to remember not to limp. 
“Hugo's weak,” the male vampire was saying. “If he wants this woman so badly, maybe -” 
He stopped suddenly as soon as he spotted me. 
“Matthias?” He seemed genuinely shocked, before taking a step closer. “I was told you'd -” 
Before he could finish, I grabbed him by the shoulder and pulled him closer, biting down hard on his neck. I could already feel him fighting back, so I dug my teeth into his jugular and drained his blood for a moment, figuring I might as well steal a little strength. Just when I figured he was about to start fighting back, I slipped my fangs out and then shoved him to the floor, taking care to kick him hard in the face at the same time. 
“Hello Rimauld,” I muttered, towering over him as he clutched the wound on the side of his neck. “I should have known my brother would drag you into this. The question is, who's going to drag you out?” 
“It's a simple transaction,” he spluttered, clearly struggling to get to his feet. “It's nothing personal, Matthias.” 
“Get out of here,” I told him, before turning to the female and seeing that she was cowering in the far corner, as if my appearance was enough to bring terror to her heart. “Who are you?” I asked. 
When she failed to reply, I stepped over to Chloe and reached down, quickly checking that she was simply unconscious. Just as I felt a pulse, however, I heard someone hurrying toward me, and I turned just as the female threw herself at my chest, knocking me back against the wall. 
“One of Hugo's little helpers?” I hissed, grabbing her throat and holding her back. “I might be weak,” I sneered, “but I can still take on a newbie. How long have you been a vampire, anyway? A day? Two?” 
She tried to get free of my grip, but she was far too weak. 
“I'm impressed that you've got this much fight in your bones,” I added. “Or maybe you're just desperate.” 
“What's your name?” I sneered, before realizing that I'd seen her before, in Chloe's dream. “You must be Belinda,” I continued finally. “I guess my brother left no stone unturned, huh? How does it feel, Belinda, to be in the service of a madman? Are you proud to have fallen so far?” Glancing at Rimauld, I saw he was already crawling toward the door. “That guy over there is just a mercenary,” I added, turning back to the girl. “He's happy to take my brother's coin, but he's not going to put up a fight, not if there's even the slightest hint of danger. You, on the other hand, have allowed yourself to become a slave. You don't have a choice.” 
“Please,” she stammered, still trying desperately to push my hand away from her neck, “I'm just... I can't refuse...” 
“Of course you can,” I said darkly, “but you're far too weak. Hugo's got you under his thumb, and you're not the only one. This city is crawling with his spies. I didn't realize until tonight, but my brother was clearly planning this for a long time. Even in his madness, he was able to pull together one more little gang of bullies.” 
“You don't understand!” she hissed. “He got into my mind! If I try to disobey him, he'll kill me!” 
“Forgive me for not giving a damn,” I muttered, shoving her against the nearest wall. “Don't worry, though. I'm going to let you live, at least for now. Since my brother refuses to face me, I need you to deliver a message. Tell him I gave him every chance to back down from this madness. Tell him everything that happens from this point on is down to his stupidity. And tell him...” 
I paused for a moment, as I began to realize that despite my best efforts, I'd ended up working directly against my brother. Despite everything I'd tried, I'd ended up right back in his life. 
“And tell him it's not too late,” I added. “Tell him I want to talk to him, and that I'll come and find him, but only once I'm sure that Chloe is safe. Tell him I've worked out his little plan, and it won't work. Tell him to listen to the scream of fate. I know he hears it, I know it's the scream that drove him mad. I hear it too, sometimes, but I'm smart enough to pay attention and to back away when fate sends me a warning.” 
“I don't know what you're on about!” she gasped. “All I know is -” 
“Haven't you heard it too?” I asked. “There's a prophecy at play here, one that I witnessed being written. And any time you go against that prophecy, the universe pushes back. There are mechanisms that no-one understands, vast wheels that turn out of sight, and if we try to go against their path, they push back. You should mention that to my brother some time, and make sure he understands. What he's trying to do here will not work.” 
“He warned me about you,” she hissed. “He told me you'd try to interfere!” 
“Did he also tell you that I'm dying?” I asked. 
She hesitated, but I could see from the look in her eyes that he'd left that part of the story out. 
“Vampires are immortal,” I continued. “More or less, anyway. But we can be killed, and when that happens, it's always quite a shock. I've known for a while now that my days are numbered. I would've died sooner, but I've hung on so that I get a chance to deal with my brother's madness. Maybe I didn't even realize that until now.” I leaned closer to her. “You know what they say about wild animals, don't you? When they're dying, they're at their most dangerous. Now take that advice and apply it to a vampire, and try to understand that it'd be a very, very bad idea for you to stand in my way right now.” 
I paused, before tossing her to the floor and then gathering Chloe up in my arms. 
“I can't let you take her!” Belinda sneered. “Hugo told me to -” 
“If Hugo told you to try to stop me,” I said firmly, as I started carrying Chloe to the door, “then he basically sent you to your death. Deliver a message for me. Tell him I'll be along soon enough. Tell him I haven't forgotten about him.” 
I waited for her to admit that she understood. She began to turn away, but I could tell that she wasn't defeated, not yet. And then, sure enough, she turned and lunged at me with one final, renewed sense of anger. 
I swatted her aside and crushed her against the wall. Once I heard the agony in her scream, I let go and watched her slither to the floor. I knew she'd recover eventually, but I also knew that I'd taught her a valuable lesson. The question was, would she heed that lesson? 
By the time I reached the hallway outside the apartment, I was certain that she wasn't going to come after me. She might have been given orders by my brother, but she clearly knew better than to throw her life away.  As for Chloe, I knew that I had to get her to safety before Hugo had a chance to send anyone else after her. Everything I'd told Belinda about prophecies was true. There was no chance to break something so powerful, but at the same time there was a faint sense of doubt in the back of my mind. 
No-one could go against a prophecy. I kept telling myself that, over and over. But if ever one person managed such a thing, if a loophole was discovered, then I felt sure my brother would still pose a threat. 
Chapter Fifteen 
Chloe 
  
Opening my eyes, I found myself face-down on a cold, dirty concrete floor. I stayed completely still for a moment, listening to the silence all around, and then slowly I began to roll over. 
Stopping suddenly, I let out an agonized gasp. 
My ribs. 
There was a sharp, throbbing pain in my ribs. 
“Don't try to move too much,” a voice said nearby. “You're in a bad way.” 
I turned to look at him, but again I cried out as I felt a pain in my chest. 
“I did warn you,” the voice added. 
Taking a deep breath, I began to sit up, while taking great care to avoid putting any strain on my chest at all. Finally managing to rest on my elbows, I saw that a figure was sitting nearby, warming his hands on a fire that was burning in some kind of old barrel. After a moment he turned to me, and I recognized him immediately. 
“Matthias?” I stammered, instinctively trying to get to my feet but wincing as I felt a fresh twist of pain. 
“You'll make it worse if you keep doing that,” he told me. “You'll be fine, but you need to rest.” 
Looking around, I saw that we were in a bare, dirty old room, maybe some kind of abandoned warehouse. Cracked windows at the top of the far wall looked out onto the night sky, and I could hear the rumble of trains not too far away. 
“Where are we?” I asked, turning to Matthias. “How did I get here?” 
“I carried you.” 
“What?” I stared at him. “Why? What do you mean, why did you -” 
Before I could finish, I remembered those final moments in my apartment. Belinda had showed up. Or had she? Had that all been a dream? I tried to tell myself that I'd simply had a horrible, very vivid nightmare. Then again, if that had been a nightmare, it seemed that I still wasn't awake. The pain felt so real, however, that I figured I couldn't possibly still be unconscious. Back in the apartment, I'd been about to call the police, but then... 
“What happened?” I whispered, struggling to remember the details. 
Matthias paused for a moment. “He found you,” he said finally. “Or rather, a couple of his goons found you. Much faster than I'd expected, by the way. For that, I apologize.” 
“Who found me?” I asked, wincing again as I reached for my phone, only to find that my pockets were empty. “I need to call the police, I need -” I gasped again as I felt a surge of pain in my chest. “I need to see a doctor!” 
“That would be too risky.” 
“Too what?” 
“He'll be looking for you. Hospitals are the most obvious place to start. He must've found out by now that you were injured when I rescued you.” 
“When you...” Staring at him, I watched as he continued to warm his hands. Just as I was about to ask another question, however, I remembered seeing Belinda in my apartment. My thoughts were racing as I tried to untangle all the conflicting memories, but one thing remained very clear in my mind: I had seen Belinda, and nothing she'd said had made very much sense. 
“We can't stay here for too long,” Matthias said after a moment, glancing past me as if he was worried about us being interrupted. “Hugo has spies all over this city. He'll be furious, he must have thought he'd finally got his hands on you.” He paused, before turning to me. “I'm sorry I was late. I knew he'd make his move soon, but it never occurred to me that he'd be so brazen as to come out during the day. I can only assume that in his madness, he's begun to break his own rules. His mind really must have deteriorated further since the last time I saw him.” 
Staring at him, I tried to make sense of everything he was saying. 
“I don't like sitting still,” he continued, getting to his feet and reaching out to me. “I know you're in pain, but we have to keep moving. There's a place we can go, somewhere we'll be safe. If we're lucky, Hugo won't think to look there until we've got our -” 
Gasping suddenly, he clutched his side, as if he was in pain. 
I stared, feeling as if I'd somehow tumbled into the midst of someone else's nightmare. 
“Don't let the pain slow you down,” he continued, his voice tense with discomfort. “Use it as fuel. Come on, Chloe, I know you can do this.” 
He was still reaching toward me, but after a moment I started getting to my feet without his help. The pain in my chest was intense, but I just about managed to stand. 
“You must have a lot of questions,” he said finally. 
“I need to see a doctor,” I whispered, even though every word brought a fresh flash of pain to my chest, “and I need to find Belinda.” 
“Trust me,” he replied, “you really don't. She's gone now.” 
I shook my head. “She's alive, she -” 
“She's his possession now,” he added, interrupting me. “I know that might not make much sense to you at the moment, Chloe, but it's true. When he resurrected her, he claimed her soul. There's nothing either of us can do for her now. If she's no longer of any use to him, he's most likely destroyed her anyway.” 
“What are you talking about?” I asked, flinching as I took a pained step forward. “Belinda's my friend and she's clearly in trouble. I have to -” 
Letting out a sudden cry, I stumbled and dropped to my knees. The pain in my chest was burning now, and I felt close to tears. 
“Chloe,” Matthias continued, “please -” 
“What am I doing here?” I asked breathlessly, trying not to panic. “Who are you, and why have you brought me to this place?” 
“I brought you here because I had to get you away from my brother.” 
I turned to him. “Your brother?” 
“I keep forgetting that you...” His voice trailed off, and he stared at me for a moment. “I know this must seem very strange for you right now, Chloe, but trust me, you're not the only one. This day has been coming for a long time and -” He winced and clutched his side again, and for a moment he seemed to be in too much pain to continue. “There isn't much time,” he said finally, reaching his hand out to me again. “I can answer all your questions, but only once we get going. I know a place where we can rest, and where someone can take a look at your injuries. The alternative is to wait out here in the open and let Hugo hunt us down like rats. He already found you once. He'll do it again.” 
I hesitated, before reaching out and taking his hand, accepting his help as I struggled to my feet. 
“He would have killed you,” he added. “You realize that, don't you? He kills everyone once they stop being useful to him.” 
“I'm dreaming,” I replied, taking slow, shallow breaths in an attempt to minimize the pain. “None of this is real.” 
“I got to your apartment just in time,” he explained, as he began to lead me across the darkened room, away from the fire that was still burning in the barrel. “Hugo's out of his mind. I don't blame him, not after everything he's been through, but that doesn't mean I have to stand by and let him do these things. Even though he's my brother, maybe because he's my brother, I have to stop him.” 
“Uh-huh,” I gasped, feeling a burning sensation running through my rib cage. “Let's just call the police and let them deal with it. Whatever's happening here...” Pausing, I looked at Matthias and realized that there was no way I'd be able to reason with him. Somehow, I'd ended up in the clutches of a madman, and there was only one way out. 
“Chloe...” 
“I'll come with you,” I lied, figuring I needed to gain his trust for a few minutes. “Whatever you say, just take me somewhere safe.” 
He stared at me for a moment, clearly surprised by my response. 
“Shouldn't we get moving?” I asked, keen to get outside so that I could scream for help. “I'm not going to argue with you, but you said you know somewhere safe for us to hide. Isn't it dangerous for us to be here right now.” 
“Of course,” he replied, grabbing my hand as if he didn't quite trust me to limp along unaided. “It's not far, but we'll have to be careful. As I said, Hugo has many -” 
“I heard,” I told him, pushing through the pain as I took his hand and started limping toward the door. “I'm sure you're right, so let's just get moving.” 
“I'm glad you're being so rational,” he muttered. “I thought it would take much longer to make you see things from my point of view.” 
“What can I say?” I gasped, feeling another surge of pain. “A bunch of broken ribs is enough to make a girl think straight.” 
As soon as we got outside, I stopped and leaned back against the wall. We were still too far from civilization, and the night air was freezing, so I figured I needed to wait a few more minutes before screaming. 
“We can't rest here,” Matthias told me. “Hugo's minions could track us down at any moment.” 
“Are you sure they're not here already?” I asked, desperately trying to play along with his crazy ideas. 
He turned and looked around at the dark industrial estate. 
“What about that corner over there?” I asked, pointing into the distance. “I thought I saw something move.” 
“I'm sure it was nothing.” 
“I saw something!” I said firmly. “Maybe you should go and check it out.” 
He hesitated for a moment, clearly torn, before letting go of my hand. “Wait here,” he told me. “Don't move, not even an inch. You'll be okay, but only if you stick close to me and let me protect you. Is that understood?” 
I nodded, even as I felt a fresh burst of pain in my chest. 
“I'll be back momentarily,” he replied, turning and making his way toward the far end of the building. 
As soon as he was far enough away, I turned and bolted in the other direction, figuring that I needed to get as far away from him as possible. The pain in my chest was still ripping through me, but the urge to escape was far, far stronger. As soon as I made it around the next corner, I scampered along another path until I reached the next turning, and then I took a right turn and ducked down, hoping against hope that I'd be able to keep my head down for a while. 
I waited, barely even daring to breathe. 
After a few seconds, I heard footsteps in the distance. 
“Chloe?” Matthias shouted, sounding reassuringly far away. “Chloe, where are you? Are you okay?” 
I waited as he made his way closer, but after a moment I realized his footsteps were heading away again. 
“Chloe?” he called out. “Don't be stubborn! I need to talk to you!” 
Leaning back, I felt my cracked ribs grinding against one another. I flinched slightly, but I managed to keep from crying out. 
“Chloe!” Matthias shouted, sounding much further away now. “This isn't the time to run!” 
Figuring that this was, in fact, the perfect time to run, I got to my feet and stumbled away. In the distance, a chain-link fence ran along the perimeter of the industrial estate, and I figured I should be able to find a gate. Gasping, I finally reached the fence and paused for a moment, before stumbling along as I desperately searched for a way out. The pain in my chest was getting worse, to the extent that I felt I might pass out at any moment, but finally I reached a metal gate. When I pulled on the bar, however, I found that it was locked. 
“Chloe!” Matthias shouted, clearly further away than ever. “Where are you?” 
I fumbled with the lock on the gate for a moment, before realizing that I need to find another way out. Matthias was clearly an absolute maniac, probably some kind of insane serial killer, and I knew I needed to get away from the industrial estate and call the police. They'd know what to do, I told myself, and they'd be able to sweep Matthias away so that he'd be unable to bother me. The man had clearly escaped from some kind of asylum. As for the rest of the madness, I'd find a way to figure that out later. 
“Chloe!” Matthias yelled in the distance. “Don't be a fool! We don't have time for this!” 
Figuring that he was far enough away, I hurried along the fence until I reached the next gate, which to my relief turned out to be unlocked. Despite the pain in my chest, I slipped through and found myself on some kind of dimly-lit dirt-track road. There were a couple of signs nearby, but they were in French so I had no idea what they meant. There were lights in the distance, though, so I made my way through the shadows, trying to stay out of sight as much as possible. By the time I got to the fence's far end, I could see several dark warehouses looming, with bright lights and the sound of machinery a little further off. A moment later, I spotted something moving against the sky, and I realized I could see a tall crane turning slowly. 
Hearing a rumbling sound nearby, I looked over my shoulder just in time to see a freight train slowly making its way along a set of tracks. I ran forward, waving at the front carriage, but I was too far away and the train began to drive past. I stopped, worried about being out in the open, and then I ducked back over to the fence, where the shadows provided better protection. I had no idea which way Matthias had gone, but the last thing I wanted was to let him find me. The light from the train lit up the path I'd already taken, and I could see no sign of anyone, but I still waited until the train had passed, at which point the scene was plunged back into darkness. 
I waited, not daring to move, until finally realizing that if I continued to hide, he'd find me eventually. 
Keeping low, despite the increasing pain in my ribs, I began to make my way toward the nearest building. As soon as I got there and ducked back down into the shadows, I looked over my shoulder but saw no sign that I was being followed, so I began to hurry along the side of the building. In the distance, the lights were blinding, and I could hear heavy machinery. I was clearly at some kind of port or depot, but evidently Matthias had taken me a long way out of the city. I didn't even want to think about what he'd intended to do to me in such a remote location, but I couldn't help glancing over my shoulder every few seconds in case - 
Suddenly I bumped straight into someone. Turning, I stepped back, before seeing a middle-aged, paunchy man staring at me from behind a large, frazzled beard. To my relief, I saw he was wearing some kind of safety jacket, as if he was a worker at the depot. 
“Help me!” I stammered, stepping toward him. “Please, someone's chasing me!” 
He frowned. 
“Do you speak English?” I asked, trying not to panic. “My name is Chloe and someone kidnapped me and brought me out here!” Grabbing his arm, I stepped behind him and looked back into the darkness. “Can you call the police?” 
The man turned to me. For a moment, he seemed genuinely confused. 
“Okay,” he said finally, with a thick French accent. “Come inside, I'll call someone for you.” 
As he led me to a door in the side of the building, I glanced over my shoulder, still half expecting to see Matthias coming through the darkness. To my relief, however, I saw no-one, although for a moment I thought I caught a hint of movement above, as if something large had slipped across the sky. I looked up and heard the faintest thump from the roof of the warehouse, but then I heard a clicking sound nearby and I turned just in time to find that the man had unlocked a door, which he was holding open for me. 
“Come inside,” he said, not particularly urgently as he took a drag on a cigarette. “I have a phone.” 
Stepping into the room, I was momentarily blinded by the bright lights of a small office. The far wall was covered in paperwork that had been pinned to an old piece of cork-board, and an ancient-looking computer was sitting on a desk. 
“You sit here,” the man continued, moving some binders from an old swivel chair. “Please. I will go and make a call for you.” 
“Tell the police I was kidnapped,” I replied, as I realized my whole body was starting to shiver. “My mother was right!” 
Slowly I took a seat, but I felt a wave of shock rising through my body. 
“He was probably going to...” 
For a few seconds, all I could think about was that likelihood that Matthias had intended to kill me, probably after doing all sorts of horrific things first. Or maybe he'd just been planning to do those things to my corpse. After a moment, I looked at the man and saw he was watching me with a frown, and I realized that the small room was starting to fill with smoke from his cigarette. 
“Call the police,” I stammered, with tears in my eyes. “Please...” 
“Wait here,” he replied, a little dismissively, before heading to another door that led deeper into the building. “You're safe. I'll call.” 
“Thank you,” I gasped, feeling as if my entire body was about to break into a series of convulsive fits. As the man left the room, I leaned forward in the chair and tried to get my thoughts together, but I couldn't stop thinking about Matthias and all the plans he must have had for me. He'd seemed friendly enough when I'd first met him, but I was starting to realize that I'd inadvertently stumbled into the clutches of a monster. I'd always assumed I was a good judge of character and Matthias had seemed so friendly, but now I was starting to realize that he was some kind of monster. 
And Belinda. 
How did Belinda fit into it all? 
Sitting up straight, I thought back to the events in my apartment. Somehow they didn't quite fit into the rest of the narrative. Had Belinda really come back, or had Matthias somehow drugged me? I wanted to believe she was somehow okay, but at the same time I knew people didn't come back to life after being declared dead by the police, so I figured Matthias must have somehow slipped something into my food or drink, and I'd ended up experiencing some kind of vivid hallucination. 
Suddenly hearing a bumping sound from above, I looked up, my whole body instantly feeling tense again. 
I waited, and a moment later I heard another bump, from a different part of the roof this time. I told myself there was no way Matthias could have found me, and that he certainly wouldn't be on the roof, but at the same time... 
Looking over at the door, I realized that the man seemed to be taking a while on the phone. I got to my feet and headed over, at which point I was just about able to hear him talking in the distance. I figured I'd be safer if I went to him, so I made my way along the next corridor until I reached the door at the far end, at which point I hesitated for a moment. 
“So I'm supposed to just sit here and babysit her?” he was saying, in broken English. “Yes, of course I'm sure it's her. She even told me her name.” 
I froze, realizing that it didn't sound as if he was talking to the police. 
“I don't know,” he continued, “but he must be close.” 
I waited, trying to ignore the slow sense of fear that was rising through my chest. Finally, I began to take a step back. 
“Okay, but hurry,” the man said, “and I want payment upfront. I'm not a -” 
Suddenly I bumped against the wall. 
“Hang on,” the man added. A moment later, before I could react, he stepped out into the corridor and saw me. “Are you okay?” he asked cautiously. “I'm on the phone to the police. They're coming right now to help you. Just sit down and try to relax.” 
I paused, before nodding. 
“Wait,” he continued, stepping back into the room. “I have to go,” I heard him telling the person on the other end of the line. “I told her you are coming. Now get a move on.” 
I heard the click of the phone being put down, and then the man wandered back out to me, still smoking his cigarette. 
“Everything is going to be perfect,” he continued, forcing a smile. “The police will come, they will take you away, and the bad man, the Matthias man, will not be able to hurt you. Does that sound good?” 
I opened my mouth to reply, before realizing that at no point since I'd met him had I mentioned the name Matthias. 
“Do you like coffee?” he asked, stepping past me. “Or tea? Come, I will -” 
Before he could finish, there was a loud creaking sound from somewhere high above in the building. We both looked up, and when I turned to the man I saw a hint of fear in his eyes. 
“That's probably nothing,” he said cautiously. “Probably the wind or -” 
The sound returned, louder and closer this time, almost as if the warehouse's metal walls were being torn open. 
“This way,” he continued, grabbing my arm and pulling me back toward the small office room. Now he seemed really worried. 
“Where are we going?” I asked. 
Without answering, he led me into the office and then hurried to a locker at the far end. He was muttering something under his breath, and he quickly opened the locker and reached in. A moment later, I was shocked to see him taking out a rifle. 
I instinctively stepped back. 
“You sit,” he said to me, checking the rifle was loaded before heading back to the doorway and looking along the corridor. “Everything will be okay,” he added, although this time he didn't quite sound so sure. “The police will be here soon to help you. Don't panic.” 
From somewhere else in the building, there was a loud bumping sound. 
“Is that the wind?” I asked, feeling increasingly sure that something was coming for us. 
“Sure,” the guy said cautiously. “The wind.” 
“Why don't we go to where the lights are?” I asked, stepping toward the door that led back outside. “There should be more people there, and it'll be -” 
Suddenly the guy turned and aimed the rifle at me. 
“Please,” he said firmly, with the cigarette still in his mouth, “sit down. Don't make me tell you again.” 
I paused, before realizing he wasn't asking me. He was telling me. 
“The police are coming, aren't they?” I asked, unable to stop staring at the barrel of the gun. “That's who you were on the phone to, isn't it? The police?” 
Another bump rang out above, and I could see that the man was concerned. 
“Okay, move,” he said after a moment, with the gun still aimed at me. “Down that corridor. I'm not being paid enough to sit here and wait for that thing to find us.” 
“What are you -” 
“Move!” he shouted, grabbing my arm and shoving me toward the other door. 
Wincing as I felt another burst of pain in my chest, I stopped and turned to him. 
“But -” 
Before I could get another word out, he cracked the gun's handle against my face, sending me sprawling back and crashing to the floor. Letting out a gasp, I felt a throbbing sensation in my left cheek, as if the bone had been broken. 
“Get on your feet,” the man said firmly, with the gun still aimed at my face, “and move!” 
From somewhere high above in the building, there was a loud banging sound. Whatever was up there, it was getting closer. 
“Move!” the man yelled, stepping toward me. 
Flinching, I pulled away and scrambled to my feet, before starting to make my way along the corridor. After a moment I felt the barrel of the gun pressing against the small of my back, and I quickened my pace despite the pain that was now throbbing not only in my chest but also in the left side of my face. 
“Please don't hurt me,” I stammered, holding my hands up in surrender. “Please just -” 
“Shut up,” the man hissed, using the gun's barrel to shove me forward. “Less whining, more walking.” 
The bumping sounds were becoming more regular now, and it was clear something was tearing through the upper levels of the building, peeling back the metal walls as if they were made of paper. 
Suddenly the man grabbed my shoulder to hold me back. 
“Wait!” he hissed. 
For a moment, we stood in silence. Finally I realized I could hear a shuffling sound in the distance, although whatever it was, it was clearly getting closer. 
“What's up there?” I asked. “Why are -” 
Suddenly there was a loud crashing sound, and we both turned as we heard something slamming into one of the nearby rooms. Whatever was in the building with us, it had reached the ground floor. 
“Move!” the man hissed, shoving me back the way we'd just come. He muttered something under his breath as he kept the rifle's barrel pressed against my back, and finally he pushed me back into the small office. “If you make a noise,” he continued, shutting the door and turning a key in the lock, “I will kill you, do you understand?” Turning to me, he aimed the gun at my face. “Not one sound. Keep your mouth shut!” 
I froze, listening to the sound of something smashing through another part of the building. Whatever was out there, it sounded like a whirlwind of fury, and I wasn't so sure that a simple locked door was going to hold it back. 
“Where are they?” the man muttered, glancing past me and looking toward the door that led back outside. “I told them to get here.” 
“You mean the -” 
He shoved the barrel against the side of my face, immediately shutting me up. I could see fear in his eyes now, and he flinched when we both heard more crashing sounds from nearby. 
“Screw this,” he said finally, shoving me down to the floor. “There's not enough money in the world to make me -” 
Before he could get another word out, the door crashed open behind him. He turned and fired the rifle, and I caught sight of a large, dark shape rushing into the room as debris fell all around me. Shielding my eyes, I heard another shot from the rifle, accompanied by the sound of something slamming into the nearby wall. I began to crawl away, as clouds of dust filled the air, but a moment later I froze as I heard an agonized scream over my shoulder. Reaching the other door, I reached up and tried to get it open, only to find that it was locked. 
Turning, I saw that there was no sign of the man. The door had been torn from its hinges and there was debris all over the floor, and after a moment I spotted the rifle nearby. Reaching out and grabbing it, I held it up and aimed at the broken door. In the distance, the man was screaming, although his cries were suddenly cut short. I froze, hearing a couple of thumps from out in the corridor, and then I realized I could see a blood hand-print on the floor, along with thick red smears as if something had been dragged out of the room. 
I backed away, until I bumped against the wall. To my surprise, I felt the entire wall falling away behind me, and I turned to see that the wall was now wedged in the corridor. 
Finally, footsteps came closer and I saw a figure emerging from the cloud of dust that had been kicked up by all the destruction. I aimed the gun, just as the figure stepped through and I saw Matthias staring down at me. 
“Chloe,” he said firmly, “listen to me, we -” 
Without giving him another chance, I pulled the trigger. 
The gun let out an impotent click. 
“Okay,” Matthias continued with a frown, “I won't take that the wrong way. Now Chloe, will you please listen to me? As I told you earlier, I know somewhere we'll be safe, but we have to move fast.” 
Chapter Sixteen 
Matthias 
  
He was getting stronger and more daring. I knew I had to get Chloe to safety fast. 
Chapter Seventeen 
Chloe 
  
“Where are we?” I asked a short while later, as Matthias led me through the darkness next to the river. 
“Just a little further,” he replied, keeping pace behind me. “We're a few miles beyond the outskirts of the city. There are people who can patch you up.” 
The 'outskirts of the city' part was certainly true enough. There were no lights nearby, save for a distant glow on the horizon, which seemed to be coming from some kind of large dock or port area. I could see occasional ripples of light nearby, accompanied by the sound of water lapping at the shore, and I wasn't quite sure how Matthias was able to keep to the path. Sure, he seemed crazy, but perhaps he wasn't dangerous after all. I figured my best bet was just to follow him, at least for now. 
“I want to go to the police,” I stammered. “I want to see a doctor.” 
“We can't do either of those things.” 
“Why not?” 
“Just trust me. You're being hunted.” 
I stopped for a moment. “I'm being what?” 
“Hunted.” He stopped and turned to me, his silhouette barely visible against the night sky. Thanks to the distant glow of lights, the stars were hidden. 
“Why would someone hunt me?” I asked. “I think here has to be some confusion here.” 
“There's no confusion. Why? Do you think the whole scene back at the warehouse was just a coincidence?” 
“No, but...” My voice trailed off. The situation seemed so absurd, I couldn't shake the hope that at any moment I might suddenly wake up back in my apartment. 
“I'm on your side,” he continued. “That man back there, the one with the gun, was going to turn you over to Hugo's people, and then you'd have been taken straight to my brother. I told you his spies are everywhere, Chloe. If you walk into a hospital or a police station, the same thing will happen again. Right now, the city is teeming with his associates. Believe me, he's had a long time to develop all his contacts.” 
I wanted to ask more questions, but at the same time I figured he wasn't going to give me a straight answer. Since leaving the warehouse, I'd been trying to think of ways to get away from this maniac, but he seemed relentless in his pursuit. 
“Please don't kill me,” I said finally, with tears in my eyes. “I don't want to die, please let me go.” 
“Kill you?” He paused. “I'm going out of my way to keep you alive, Chloe.” 
“Please,” I continued, dropping to my knees. “Whatever you're going to do to me, just leave me alive at the end. I won't tell anyone, I won't even go to the police and report it, but I don't want to die!” 
“Then get up and keep walking.” 
“Please don't kill me,” I sobbed again, not really knowing how to phrase it any differently. “I only came to Paris because I wanted an adventure, but I don't want an adventure anymore! I want to go home!” 
My whole body was convulsing now, as I bent double and waited for him to hurt me. All I could hope was that he'd have some pity for me, and that maybe he'd let me live. Sure, he'd ravage and torture me, but I still clung to the belief that I could persuade him to leave me alive. 
“My mother was right,” I whimpered finally, as I realized the awful truth. “She's so going to gloat.” 
“Chloe, get up,” Matthias said finally, with a sigh. “This is a side of you I've never seen before.” 
He paused, before sighing again. 
“Please,” I whimpered, clutching my hands together even tighter. “Please...” 
“Chloe, I just saved you,” he replied, sounding a little irritated. “I literally tore open that building and got you out. Now I'm taking you somewhere safe, so can you please stop sobbing like this? I had no idea you used to be so... sobby. The longer we -” 
Suddenly he let out a faint gasp. 
Looking up at him, I saw that he was once again clutching his side. He seemed to be in pain, but after a few seconds he straightened up. 
“Do you know what you're kneeling in?” he asked finally. 
Looking down at the cold, dark sludge that was soaking through my jeans, I paused for a moment. “Mud?” 
“Sludge from a dredging operation,” he continued. “There's probably raw sewage mixed in there as well. Can't you smell it?” 
I nodded. 
“Do you like it?” 
I shook my head. 
“So get up,” he added, before holding his hand out toward me. “I know you can be stubborn, but this is ridiculous. Aren't you cold?” 
I paused, before slowly getting to my feet. I didn't want to admit that he was right about anything, and somehow I managed to keep from shivering. 
“Come on,” he continued, stepping past me and leading me a little further, before stopping a short distance ahead. 
Although I was terrified, I took a few steps toward him, before seeing lights in the distance. There was a bridge a couple of hundred meters further on, and after a moment I realize I could see fires burning in old oil drums, and figures sitting around those barrels. 
“Who are those people?” I asked cautiously. “Tramps?” 
“They're friends of mine,” he replied, before turning to me with a faint smile. “They can help you.” 
  
*** 
  
“It's good to see you too, Pete,” Matthias said, patting the old man on the back as he led me past another burning drum. “Is Her Royal Highness home?” 
“What do you think?” the old man replied. “She's in her chamber, like always. Lording it over the rest of us, telling us all what to do, and acting like she's so superior!” 
“Perfect,” Matthias muttered. “Sounds like she hasn't changed a bit.” 
“Are these people homeless?” I asked, keeping my voice low as I followed Matthias to an opening beneath the bridge. 
“Of course not,” he replied. “This is their home.” 
“Under a bridge?” 
“Under a bridge.” 
“Why would they live under a bridge?” I asked. “So they are homeless?” 
“No, I told you. They have a home.” 
“Under a bridge?” 
“Exactly. I'm glad you're starting to understand. Why, is it a problem?” 
“No!” I replied. “I mean, I give money to homeless charities. Or I did once, at least. I just haven't really spent much time around them. Or any time.” 
He smiled as he ducked down and disappeared into a gap in the wall, and a moment later I saw him reach his hand back out and beckon for me to follow. 
I looked over my shoulder and watched as half a dozen old men continued to sit and chat while warming their hands near the fire. The entire situation seemed surreal and I still wasn't sure that I was safe, but at the same time I didn't want to risk running and ending up with another gun in my face. For the time being, at least, I'd pretty much accepted that I should stick with Matthias. 
“Welcome back!” a voice said suddenly. 
Turning, I was shocked to see one of the old men stumbling toward me with a broad, toothless grin. He wrapped his arms around me and gave me a tight hug, and my nostrils were suddenly filled with a kind of stale stench. 
“How've you been, Chloe?” the old man continued, hugging me even tighter for a moment before stepping back and looking up at my face. “You're a sight for sore eyes, do you know that? We were all worried about you after last time!” 
“I...” Pausing, I realized I had no idea what to say to him. He was clearly out of his mind. 
“Jerome,” Matthias said suddenly, leaning out from the hole in the wall, “please, we don't have time for this. Remember what I told you.” 
The old man frowned, before nodding slowly. “Right,” he muttered, glancing at me again with a hint of concern and then turning to head back to the others by the fire. He continued to say something under his breath, but it was as if he'd suddenly been scared off. After a moment, another old man joined him and began to usher him away. 
“What did he mean by that?” I asked, turning to Matthias. “He acted like he knew me.” 
“It's nothing.” 
“He knew my name.” 
“You look like a Chloe.” 
“How did he know who I am?” 
“Pay no attention,” he replied, before ducking back out of sight. “Come on. We have a queen to visit.” 
“Right,” I muttered, before realizing what he'd just said. “A what?” 
I waited, but this time he apparently didn't even deign to give me an answer. 
“Sure,” I muttered, “a queen. Why not? It's no less ridiculous than anything else that's happened tonight.” 
Crouching down, I began to make my way through the gap in the wall. I expected darkness on the other side, but instead I found a corridor with candles burning on the walls, lighting the way. Matthias was already making his way toward the far end, but after a moment he glanced back and gestured for me to hurry. 
Somewhat dazed, I began to follow, although I still wasn't certain that I was making the right choice. Matthias was starting to seem like the lesser of two evils, but all I wanted was to get back to Paris and then catch the first train to London. When I reached the end of the corridor, however, I saw that Matthias had already started making his way down a set of stone steps that spiraled into the darkness below, and I hesitated. 
“What is this place?” I asked cautiously. 
“To you and me,” he replied, stopping and glancing up at me, “it's a hole in the ground beneath a rather dull-looking little bridge. But to others, it's the royal court of Queen Antoinette the third.” 
“Queen who the what?” 
“Let me introduce you,” he continued. “I can't promise it'll make sense, but she can help us. Beneath all her bluster and pomp, she's a very wise woman and she knows what she's doing. And right now, we need all the help we can get.” He glanced at me. “But there really is a lot of bluster and pomp.” 
  
*** 
  
“I hope you didn't lead them here!” a voice cried out from the darkness ahead. “I don't want filth on my doorstep! My court is supposed to be in a resting phase until the time comes to rise again!” 
“She gets a little tetchy sometimes,” Matthias muttered, leading me into a large, stone-walled room. “Just ignore the dramatic flourishes. She's got a heart of gold, I swear.” 
Before I could reply, I saw the surreal sight of a woman sitting at the far end of the room on a large, ornate gold throne. She was wearing a large, obviously fake and very tall white wig, while various shabbily-dressed men in faded robes attended to her needs. The whole scene seemed like some kind of old royal palace, except that it was under a bridge, in a cold and slightly damp room, and everyone's clothes looked to be several centuries old. 
“Matthias, is that you?” the woman continued, before turning to one of the men next to her. “What are you waiting for?” she hissed. “Introduce me properly!” 
The man made his way toward us and bowed. As he did so, a cloud of dust plumed from his faded old wig. 
“Her Royal Highness Queen Antoinette the third,” he said dourly, “the rightful ruler of this great land, wishes to let it be known that she grants you an audience.” 
“In her infinite wisdom!” the woman hissed. 
“In her infinite wisdom,” the man added, rolling his eyes. 
“Well there's a surprise,” Matthias sighed, stepping past the man and then gesturing for me to follow. “Don't worry about the ceremony, Chloe. It's really just for show and -” 
“Liar!” the woman on the throne shouted, getting to her feet and immediately causing a cloud of dust to rise from her gown. “Don't you dare give false information, Matthias! Remember that one day I shall rule this land, and then you might start wishing you'd been nicer to me all these years! I still haven't decided whether or not to bring back the guillotine once I'm in charge, and you'd do well to remember that a vampire might not like to have his head removed!” 
Making her way down the steps and coming toward us, the woman peered at me with a frown. 
“Is she mad?” I whispered to Matthias. 
“Definitely not,” he replied under his breath. “Not in this room, at least. Anywhere else, yes.” 
“What's wrong with you?” the woman asked as she came toward us. “Why do you not kneel before me? Or curtsy, at least?” 
Matthias sighed. “Your Highness, do we -” 
“Why doesn't she kneel?” she continued, turning to him. “Have you not told her who I am?” 
“Do you really -” 
“If she's being introduced to me for the first time,” the woman said firmly, emphasizing each word carefully, “then the proper protocols need to be employed. I refuse to relax these things simply because of my diminished circumstances! Protocols maketh the monarch!” 
Matthias stepped toward her and leaned closer, whispering something in her ear. 
The woman frowned again, before whispering something back to him. 
Matthias whispered again. 
She replied, keeping her voice low. 
I heard Matthias sigh, before he said a few more words. 
The woman immediately replied, her hushed whispers somehow sounding more urgent this time. 
After a moment, Matthias sighed again, and then he turned to me and pointed to the floor. “Just kneel, Chloe,” he said, clearly irritated by something. “Don't ask questions, just do what she wants.” 
I opened my mouth to reply. 
“Please,” he added. “For my sake?” 
I paused for a moment, before kneeling on the cold stone floor. Immediately, I felt cold mud soaking through my jeans. 
“Three hundred years ago,” the woman said, staring down at me, “the throne of this great country was stolen from my ancestors. Usurpers claimed the royal palace, and my side of the family was ejected, left to rot in the street. Can you imagine such a thing? The tragedy began in the year 1601, when -” 
“Let's do the short version,” Matthias said, interrupting her. “Chloe, this is Antoinette. A long time ago, Antoinette's ancestor was robbed of the right to the French throne, due to some dubious dealings in the royal court back in the day. To be fair, Antoinette does have a point, even if it might be said that she has labored that point over the years and might, perhaps, have better employed her time in some other fashion.” He sighed again. “Still, if one happens to do the math, one can quickly come to the realization that if the usurpers had not won the day, and if the French monarchy had survived to the modern era, then Antoinette would indeed currently be the queen.” 
“And I shall be!” Antoinette roared, with enough vim to raise a cloud of dust from her ample, shuddering bosom. “As God is my witness, I shall reclaim my rightful place!” 
“She feels very strongly about the matter,” Matthias added. 
“I also have a claim to the throne of England,” Antoinette continued, “but I am focusing on my dear France for now. Once I have been given my rightful place on the throne at Versailles, I shall turn my attention to London. I assure you, however, that I can trace my lineage all the way back to the Empress Matilda herself!” 
“But she's not bitter,” Matthias told me, clearly struggling to stifle a faint smile. “If you think you detect bitterness, then you're wrong.” He paused, before turning to Antoinette. “You know why I'm here,” he told her. “Your Royal Highness owes me a favor, and I am calling that in tonight. The stakes are high and I don't have much time, and as you know, this will be the very last time I ever come to your court.” 
She stared at him for a moment, before nodding. 
“Hugo is out again,” he continued. “I've tried every other approach to the situation, but nothing has worked. A few nights ago, Hugo caught on to Chloe's scent, and now he's determined to...” He paused. “Well, I'm sure I don't need to explain it all to you again. I entered Chloe's dreams recently and saw Hugo following her on a night out with her friend, and -” 
“I'm sorry?” I said suddenly. “What did you just... Did you say you entered my dreams?” 
He turned to me. “We'll talk about it later.” 
“How did you enter my dreams?” I asked, getting to my feet as I felt a flash of anger. “Do you mean that time I dreamed about being out with Belinda again? I felt as if someone was holding my neck, moving me around like a doll!” 
He sighed. “Chloe...” 
“Was that you?” 
“I had to focus your attention,” he said cautiously. “It's really not a big deal, Chloe. The only alternative was to ask you, but I doubt you'd have been a very reliable witness. It was easier for me to dredge through your memories, make you relieve them as a dream, and see for myself.” He paused. “If you're annoyed, we can discuss it later.” 
“You entered my head?” I continued, slowly feeling a sense of anger rising through my chest. “Without permission?” 
“You wouldn't have given me permission.” 
“Of course I wouldn't!” I hissed, before realizing that the entire conversation was surreal. “Are you in my head now?” 
“No.” 
“How can I be sure of that?” 
“Well, do you feel me in there?” 
“Would I be able to?” 
“I'd like to think so.” 
“Don't ever do it again,” I said firmly. “I do not give you permission!” 
“Fine,” he muttered, turning back to Antoinette. “As you can see,” he continued, “there have been certain distractions along the way, but Hugo is on Chloe's trail and he's already come close to capturing her twice. I need to move fast.” 
Antoinette nodded. 
“Our mutual friend assures me that everything is on-track,” Matthias added, before casting a brief glance at me, almost as if he wanted to check whether I was close enough to overhear them. After a moment, he turned back to Antoinette. “Chloe is hurt. I told her you could fix her injuries.” 
Chapter Eighteen 
Matthias 
  
“This,” Antoinette said quietly, once we'd made our way from the room and were alone, “is a huge mistake. Even by your standards, Matthias.” 
“What's that supposed to mean?” I asked, trying to hide the fact that the pain was returning. 
“It means I'm putting myself in danger for you,” she continued, “and in return, you're acting like a lunatic. There's more at stake here than this ongoing family feud. You're almost as bad as your brother.” 
I turned and scowled at her. 
“I said almost,” she added cautiously, as if she expected retribution. “And I'm sorry if mentioning him makes you angry.” 
“You don't know what the hell you're talking about,” I sneered, glancing over at the door to make sure that Chloe wasn't close enough to hear us. “When I asked you for this favor, you didn't tell me I'd have to listen to your constant complaints about what I'm -” 
Before I could finish, the pain burst up through my chest and I gasped, stepping back. 
“How bad is it?” Antoinette asked. 
“I'm fine.” 
“Oh, you're a lot of things,” she continued, coming over to join me, “but you're certainly not fine.” She reached out to lift my shirt, but I pushed her hands away. “Let me see,” she continued. “Don't be proud, Matthias. Not now, not when you need help the most.” 
“Go to Chloe,” I said firmly. “Fix her. She's hurt.” 
“You can't face Hugo while you're in pain.” 
I turned to her. 
She opened her mouth to say more, but I quickly saw from the look in her eyes that she knew she'd gone too far. 
“Let me worry about my brother,” I told her, even as the pain began to surge again, reaching its razor fingers up through my chest. Turning away from her so that she wouldn't be able to see my discomfort, I waited for her to leave. “I've had more than enough time to plan for this day. I'm not going to start taking advice from the likes of you, not when I'm so close.” 
I paused, before suddenly hearing her footsteps coming closer. 
I flinched. 
“Matthias -” 
As soon as she put a hand on my shoulder, I turned and snarled at Antoinette. Momentarily filled with rage, I pushed her back against the wall, baring my teeth as I picked up the scent of her blood. For just a few seconds, I saw her not as a friend but as a walking, talking bag of bones and meat, as something weak, something to be drained and torn apart so that I might make myself a little stronger. In a flash, I imagined myself biting down into her neck and drinking from her body, and a shiver passed through my chest as I realized that nobody could stop me doing exactly what I wanted. For a brief moment, I felt young again. 
And then, as suddenly as it had come, the anger faded. 
I stepped back, fully aware of the fear in Antoinette's eyes. I could still taste her blood in the air, but my primal instincts were back in the box. The more mature side of my personality had retaken control. 
“A nice display of power,” she stammered, her voice trembling as she tried to hide her fear. “I was almost convinced.” 
“You were terrified,” I sneered. “With good reason.” 
She paused, before straightening the front of her dress and heading to the door. As I watched her go, I couldn't help but notice that she seemed unsteady, almost as if pure fear was making her legs tremble. I knew it was wrong, but I couldn't shake a sense of pride. Even at such a late stage in my life, weakened and in pain, I could still bring fear to the hearts of those who crossed me. 
“I'll fix Chloe up,” she said after a moment, stopping in the doorway and glancing at me. There was still fear in her eyes, which at least meant she wouldn't try to cross me again. “I get the feeling that the only way to help you, is to help her.” 
Without bothering to answer, I turned away, and a moment later I heard her finally leaving the room. I remained still and silent, trying to ignore the pain, until her footsteps faded into the distance, at which point I leaned against the wall and took a series of agonized, snatched breaths. The pain was worse than ever, burning up my flank, and finally I had no option but to kneel and then lean back against the wall. I held my breath, determined not to cry out, refusing to show weakness even though I was alone in the room. 
Finally, I could hold back no longer. I let out a low, pained groan as I felt the pain starting to overwhelm me. And this time, it seemed as if the black bird of agony had settled forever on my shoulder, and was folding its wings. 
Chapter Nineteen 
Chloe 
  
As soon as she pressed the paste on my chest, I sat bolt upright and let out a cry of pain. 
“Easy!” Antoinette said, putting a hand on my shoulder. “I told you this would hurt. I wasn't lying.” 
“What is that stuff, anyway?” I asked, looking down at the chunky, pea-green concoction she'd prepared in a bowl. “How is something like that supposed to help with cracked ribs?” 
“It's an old recipe,” she replied, pressing on my shoulder in an attempt to make me settle back down on the bed. “Not many people know it, but it was passed down through my family from generation to generation.” She forced a smile, before pushing a little harder on my shoulder. 
Realizing that I had little choice, I leaned back, wincing as I felt a searing pain running through my ribs. 
“You might think it's odd for a queen to be administering medicine,” she continued, “but this is my calling. I know how to heal people. Matthias wouldn't have brought you to me if he didn't trust me implicitly.” 
She wiped the paste on my chest again, and this time I managed to keep fairly still. 
“How much has he told you?” she asked after a moment. 
“Told me? About what?” 
“Do you know who did this to you?” 
“I was attacked,” I replied, thinking back to the moment in my apartment when Belinda had opened the front door. Someone had entered, and I'd seen a flash of his face before I passed out. All I remembered was a pair of dark, angry eyes, and flesh that seemed torn somehow. I didn't want to say too much, in case I came across like some kind of raving lunatic. 
“Not long to go now,” Antoinette continued, smearing a fresh handful of paste over my waist. “Aren't you feeling better already?” 
“I'm not sure I -” Before I could finish, I realized that the pain in my chest had begun to fade. I turned slightly, but whereas earlier such a move would have brought more flashes of agony, this time I only felt a vague sense of discomfort. “What did you do?” I asked cautiously. “Did you numb me?” 
“Nothing so crude,” she said with a smile, stepping around the table. “Your face is hurt too.” 
I flinched as she daubed some of the paste onto my cheek. 
“Who is Matthias?” I asked finally. 
I waited for a reply, but she seemed completely focused on the task of applying more paste. 
“Who is he?” I asked again. 
“I heard you the first time,” she replied, “but... I don't think it's possible to explain someone like him. You just have to see him in action.” 
“Is he dangerous?” 
“Very,” she said with a smile. “If he doesn't like you, that is. You, on the other hand, have nothing to worry about there.” She paused for a moment. “He likes you very much. More than you realize.” 
“He doesn't know me.” 
“I wouldn't be so sure about that.” 
“But he kills people?” 
“Oh yes.” Her smile broadened. “Brilliantly. Exquisitely. In his prime, he was something of an artist when it came to slaughtering his enemies. His people don't go in for fame or glory much, not like humans, but even among his species, he became somewhat well-known for his artistry.” She paused, as if she was momentarily lost in thought. “That was when he was young, though.” 
“He's not young now?” I asked. 
She shook her head. “I was lucky enough to see him in his prime. I will never forget that sight. He comes from a dark family, they're the black sheep of the Le Comptes. And that's quite a feat, considering that family's history.” 
“But is he...” I paused, feeling as if my next question would be some kind of admission that I was starting to believe impossible things. “What is he?” 
She didn't answer immediately. Instead, she focused on applying more paste to my damaged body. “You understand that he's a vampire, don't you?” she said finally, before glancing at me. “Hmm?” 
I shook my head. 
“You can't believe such a thing?” she asked. “Is that it?” 
“It's ridiculous,” I pointed out. 
“Why?” 
“Because... I mean, vampires aren't real.” 
“My darling, they're all around us,” she continued, as if she was amused by my skepticism. “They hide from the human world, mostly, but they still exist. Often, they keep close together, in clusters. They prefer to keep from being bothered by pesky humanity, and they also fear what might happen if they made too much noise. Humans have rather a skill for extermination. Here in Paris, there are not as many vampires today as there once were. In the golden days, the city was teeming with the most remarkable specimens, but now... Well, let's just say that we're between golden ages. It would be too sad to think those days will not come again.” 
Staring at her, I realized that she genuinely believed what she was saying. 
“Vampires aren't real,” I pointed out. “Are you trying to tell me that... Is he part of some kind of cult? Is he deluded?” 
“He has the clearest mind I've ever known. Clouded a little of late, perhaps, but only because he worries about his brother. And about the end. He has changed so much since the war.” 
“The war?” I waited for her to continue. “A vampire war?” 
She laughed. “A human war. The Second World War, when this city was teeming with a kind of monster that was far worse than the humble vampire. Humans can do terrible things to one another, you know.” 
“But vampires don't exist,” I continued. “I mean, I know that, so...” 
My voice trailed off as I tried to make sense of everything she'd told me. The problem was that, deep down, I could feel a flicker of doubt. I was starting to wonder whether everything I'd heard might actually be true after all. 
“You know what you know,” she said finally, as her smile broadened. “Maybe what you know will change one day.” 
“Can I trust him?” 
“With your life,” she continued. “Have no doubt there. Of course, you don't know if you can trust me when I say that.” She added an extra patch of paste, wiping it down the side of my face. “Matthias knows the world,” she added. “I would trust him with everything. I have trusted him with everything, in the past, and so have -” She stopped abruptly, as if she'd been about to say the wrong thing. “Never mind,” she added, broadening her smile. “Sometimes I forget who I'm talking to.” 
“How did he get into my mind?” I asked. 
“Through an unlocked door in your dreams, I imagine.” 
“He didn't ask me,” I told her. “He just... He was suddenly in there, while I was sleeping. It was like he was shoving me around in my own memories, using me so he could see things.” 
A flicker of concern crossed her face. “Matthias is a good person,” she said finally, “and ordinarily he would never, ever have done something like that. It's the kind of line he'd never cross. But now, with time running out, he's getting desperate...” 
“Time running out?” I replied. “Why is time running out?” 
“I don't know how long he has left,” she continued, “but it might only be a few hours. He's waited so long, he's held on, but even he can't wait forever. It's an abhorrence of nature, to see such a great man getting closer to death. He should have lived forever.” 
“Closer to death?” I said, sitting up and feeling barely a twinge of pain anymore. “What do you mean? Who's closer to death?” 
“He didn't tell you?” she asked, taking a step back. She paused, before glancing at the door and then turning back to me. “I thought at least he'd...” 
“You said he's a vampire,” I pointed out, trying to suppress a sense of panic. “If that's true, and I'm still not sure that it is, but if it's true... Don't vampires live forever?” 
“In most cases,” she replied, with tears in her eyes, “but... I think perhaps I've said too much. Matthias should be the one who decides how much you know. Mark my words, though. He will be dead before too long.” 
  
*** 
  
“Why didn't you tell me?” I asked, stopping in the doorway a few minutes later. 
Sitting alone next to a low fire, Matthias turned to me. 
“Tell you what?” he said cautiously. 
“Antoinette claims you're...” I paused, thinking back to all the times I'd see him struggling with some kind of pain. “Is it true? Are you... ill?” 
He stared at me for a moment. “No,” he said finally, “I'm not ill.” He turned back to look at the fire. “I'm dying, though. That part is true enough.” 
I opened my mouth to reply, but no words came out. I honestly wasn't quite sure what to say. I wanted to ask about the 'v word', but I couldn't think of a way to phrase that question that wouldn't sound hopelessly ridiculous. 
“What else did she tell you?” he continued. “When I left you alone with her, I knew she'd open her big mouth. Antoinette has never been one for discretion. To her, knowledge is power. She feels so powerless most of the time, so she can't resist whenever a chance comes to show off a little.” He paused. “Let me guess. She told you things that you don't believe can possibly be true.” 
“She told me things that seem a little hard to believe,” I replied. 
“Did she tell you what I am?” 
I watched as the light from the fire flickered across his face. “She might have made a few claims,” I admitted finally. “She said you...” 
I took a deep breath. Until that moment, everything Antoinette had told me had seemed crazy, as if it couldn't possibly be true. Suddenly, however, it all started to make sense. Belinda's return, the attack in my apartment, the sounds of something crashing through the warehouse... None of it fitted together in any way at all, unless I allowed myself to believe in vampires, in which case the whole thing slotted into place pretty well. Still, believing in vampires was a big hurdle to jump. 
“It can't be true,” I said after a moment. “There's no such thing.” 
“How can I prove it to you?” he asked. 
“I...” There was one very obvious answer, but I couldn't quite bring myself to ask for a look at his teeth. “I don't know,” I said finally. “To be honest, if I saw anything too crazy right now, I think I'd just assume I'd lost my mind.” 
“You find it easier to believe you've lost your mind,” he replied, “than to accept that there could be things hidden in the world, things that most people don't see?” A faint, sad smile crossed his lips. “It's so strange seeing you like this. There are things I could tell you, Chloe, that would blow your mind. Things I could prove, too.” He glanced at another door, over in the far corner, almost as if he expected someone to enter the room. Slowly, however, he turned back to me. “I'm sorry I entered your mind without permission the other night. For that, you have my sincerest apologies.” 
“Accepted,” I muttered, “but...” I took a step toward him, and I couldn't help noticing that my chest was now pain-free. “When Antoinette said you were dying, she was wrong, wasn't she? I mean... If you really are a vampire, and I'm definitely not saying I believe that, but if you are, then shouldn't you live forever?” 
“That's what I thought once,” he replied, with a hint of pain in his eyes. “I used to look down on humans as petty, ephemeral things. Perhaps the fates saw my arrogance and decided to teach me a lesson. If that is the case, then they have succeeded rather handsomely. In fact -” 
He gasped, clutching his waist, and for a moment the pain seemed to overwhelm him. I immediately rushed forward to help, and I put a hand on his shoulder, but I had no idea what else might be done. 
“Not long now,” he added, “but enough time for a few more important tasks. I have to deal with my brother, but fortunately I know exactly where to find him. It's rather poetic, somehow, that he's seen fit to take up residence in the old Zieghoff mansion. I've waited a long time for this night.” 
“Why this night?” I asked. “What's so special about it?” 
“You'll understand one day, Chloe. Probably quite soon, too. I just hope...” He took a deep breath. “I just hope you eventually realize that I did everything within my power to keep you safe. Maybe I could have made things neater, but -” 
He gasped again, and this time the pain seemed more intense. 
“Can you fetch Antoinette?” he asked, his voice sounding weaker than ever as he pushed me away. “It's important. Tell her I need her help with one final thing. Tell her she'll understand when she gets here.” 
  
*** 
  
“My help?” Antoinette asked, following me along the corridor a few minutes later. “What does he think I can do for him? I can help humans, but the vampire body is another thing entirely. I held a vampire heart in my hands once, and it was the most abnormal things. Do you know what their hearts look like? For one thing, they're barbed! And not just on the outside.” 
“He said you'd understand when you saw him,” I replied, leading her around the corner. As we reached the room where I'd left Matthias, however, I saw that he was gone. 
I looked around, but there was no sign of him at all. 
“What exactly did he say?” Antoinette asked cautiously. 
“He was talking about having to do something,” I replied, “and he mentioned his brother. And then he said to fetch you.” 
She paused, before sighing. “I understand,” she said finally. “He knew you wouldn't let him go, so he sent you to find me as a distraction.” 
“Go?” I turned to her. “What do you mean? Where did he go?” 
“To face Hugo,” she replied, with a hint of sadness in her eyes. “Tonight has been a long time coming, and there's nothing anyone else can do now. He knows that you're safe here, so he thinks this is his chance. I just hope they don't cause each other too much pain before they die.” 
Chapter Twenty 
Matthias 
  
“This is all your fault!” Hugo screamed as he cradled Judith's body in his arms. “If you hadn't interfered, she'd still be alive!” 
He turned to Chloe. 
“And you too!” he shouted. “I trusted you!” 
“Hugo,” Chloe replied, with tears in her eyes, “please...” 
“I'll make you pay!” he sneered. “I don't know how, but I'll find a way to get her back, and when I do, I'll make sure you both pay for your crimes!” 
Those words hung in my mind as I made my way through the city streets. I'd been avoiding thinking about that night in much detail, but now the memories were flooding back. It had pained me to see my brother in so much distress, to watch his eyes as madness overtook his senses. I had tried to help him, of course, but nothing had worked. As the years passed, I still clung to the hope that eventually – somehow – I might yet save him. 
But now I knew that all hope was lost. He was going for Chloe, he was trying to rewrite time and destiny. And I understood, finally, that my only option was to kill my brother. 
Chapter Twenty-One 
Chloe 
  
The sun had begun to rise by the time I emerged from the strange world beneath the bridge. Climbing out through the hole in the wall, I had to shield my eyes. 
“Do you know the way from here?” Antoinette asked as she made her way out to join me. “Follow the road for a few miles and you'll come to a bus stop. From there, you can get back to the city.” 
Turning to her, I could tell that she was still worried about Matthias. 
“Are you sure you don't know how we can contact him?” I asked. 
“Quite sure,” she replied. “He will have very deliberately made sure that neither of us can go to him. Perhaps it is already over, and he and Hugo are gone, although...” She paused, as if she was sensing something in the air. “I think I will know when Matthias dies. He is still alive, at least for now. I would prefer it if you stayed here with me for one more day, Chloe. Just until I can be sure that it's safe for you to return to the city. Matthias might have been right to leave you here.” 
“I have to get going,” I told her. “This whole night has been surreal.” 
“Well,” she continued, “maybe I will see you at my coronation. I feel a great change is coming, and soon I will be restored to my rightful place as ruler of this country.” 
“Good luck with that,” I muttered, turning to start trudging through the mud, before stopping and glancing back at her. “Humor me,” I said after a moment. “If Matthias really is a vampire, then how old is he?” 
She smiled. “I first met him in the seventeenth century,” she explained, “and even then, his eyes were already old.” 
  
*** 
  
Pushing open the door to my apartment a few hours later, I immediately saw that the place was a mess. Tables had been tipped over and broken, and there were patches of blood smeared across the floor. 
Sighing, I shut the door and checked each of the rooms, just so I could be absolutely certain that no-one was lurking. I still didn't remember exactly what had happened during the previous night, when Belinda had miraculously shown up, but I was starting to feel increasingly convinced that I'd suffered some kind of temporary manic hysteria. I mean, sure, there had been a few moments when the idea of Matthias being a vampire had seemed almost possible, but now in the cold light of morning the real world was asserting itself again. 
“I went mad,” I said finally, speaking the words out loud in an attempt to ground myself. “Maybe someone spiked my drink, and I went absolutely off my rocker. It happens to people, and this time it happened to me.” 
I wandered through to the bathroom and checked my reflection in the mirror. The bruise on my cheek was gone, and when I took a look at my chest I saw there was no damage there, either. 
Convenient. 
Clearly I'd imagined those injuries in the middle of some kind of manic episode. During the time when I thought I was inside a bridge with someone named Antoinette, I was probably just sitting by myself in the mud, gibbering away and hallucinating. In fact, I was starting to believe that maybe I'd accidentally ingested some LSD or magic mushrooms, and that I'd ended up on some kind of massive trip. 
Still, heading back through to the main room of my apartment, I figured I needed to start cleaning up the mess. For that, I'd have to go and buy some fresh cleaning supplies. Which wouldn't be easy, as I suddenly remembered that I'd lost my bag and purse. 
  
*** 
  
“Do you speak English?” I asked the woman behind the desk at the police station. “Um, parlez... vous... Anglais?” 
She nodded. 
“I need to report a -” 
Before I could finish, I was bumped from behind as two cops escorted a struggling tramp toward the cells. I watched for a moment, momentarily shocked by the terrible stench, before turning back to the woman. 
Realizing that I'd felt the tramp's hand brush against my coat, I quickly reached down to make sure that I hadn't been pickpocketed. To my relief, I felt my notebook and back-up cards still nestled in my pocket. 
“I need to report a lost bag,” I told the woman behind the desk, as I tried to stay focused, “and some other...” 
My voice trailed off for a moment. On the way to the station, I'd been tempted to tell them the whole story, and to ask them to look into the possibility that Belinda had somehow shown up alive. Standing in the brightly lit reception area, however, I was feeling more and more that I'd just end up coming across as a lunatic. 
“A lost bag,” I said again, forcing a smile. “I think I need a police report number before I can get some of the items replaced. Mainly my passport.” 
“Name,” the woman asked with a sigh. 
“Chloe Carter.” 
She typed my details into the computer. 
“Wait here a moment,” she said finally, getting to her feet and making her way to a nearby door. 
“Is there a problem?” I asked. 
Ignoring me, she disappeared into another room, leaving me standing alone in the hallway. Glancing over my shoulder, I saw a few people sitting in the waiting room by the window, and after a moment I realized that one of them – a middle-aged woman – was watching me intently. She looked away as soon as we made eye contact, but I couldn't help feeling as if she'd been keeping an eye on me. 
“That man back there,” I remembered Matthias telling me during the night, “was going to turn you over to Hugo's people, and then you'd have been taken straight to my brother. I told you his spies are everywhere, Chloe. If you walk into a hospital or a police station, the same thing will happen again.” 
Telling myself not to overreact, I looked over at the door and tried to wait patiently for the woman to return. Whatever she was doing, it was clearly taking her a while, but again I forced myself to stay calm and just wait for her to come back with the form I needed. 
“Ms. Lucas?” a voice asked suddenly. 
Turning, I saw an officer making his way toward me. 
“Hi,” I replied, a little surprised by his approach. “I just... I'm just here to report some missing items.” 
“Would one of them happen to be a twenty-four-year-old British man?” 
I opened my mouth to reply to him, before realizing that I had no idea what he meant. “Um... What?” 
  
*** 
  
“You tried to run out of a cafe without paying?” I asked incredulously as I followed Jackson down the steps at the front of the station. “What the hell were you thinking?” 
“I was thinking I was hungry,” he replied, turning to me with a sigh. “To be honest, I hadn't expected you to turn me away at your door. I was relying on you, just a little, to kinda help me out once I got here. It's your fault I was starving, Chloe.” 
“Bail you out, more like,” I muttered. “You're lucky I still had a couple of cards left, or you'd still be rotting in that cell.” 
“And I appreciate it,” he continued, stepping toward me. He put his hands on my arms, and although I flinched, I didn't pull away. “I know you put up a bit of a fight sometimes, but deep down you're a good person and you care.” He paused, watching me even though I couldn't quite meet his gaze. “I also know you well enough to know when something's wrong, Chloe. What happened?” 
“It's dumb.” 
“I know all about dumb. Come on, spill the beans.” 
Finally looking him in the eye, I couldn't help realizing that I needed to get it all off my chest. 
“You're going to think I'm insane,” I told him. 
“We're way past that point.” He smiled. “By the way, I've got a bag of your stuff. You left it at the metro station. I was gonna drop it by, but... Well, I figured I should leave it a few days until you'd cooled off. Don't worry, though, I didn't take anything. I didn't go through your purse looking for money, if that's what you're thinking. I'm not that bad.” 
“You have my bag?” I asked, feeling a genuine rush of relief. “With my passport and everything?” 
“I guess so. Like I said, I haven't looked inside.” 
“Thank you,” I replied. Before I remembered to stop myself, I put my arms around him and gave him a hug. “I was starting to think I was trapped here. I thought I'd have to go to the embassy and get emergency travel documents.” 
“Travel?” He paused. “For where?” 
I paused, before taking a step back. “Paris has gone crazy,” I told him. “I'll explain it all later, but right now I need to get out of here. I need to go back to London and make sure my head is on straight.” 
“That's...” He smiled. “That's great news, Chloe. I always knew you wouldn't be able to hack it here in Paris. I mean, come on, we both know you're a London girl. This whole crazy adventure was blatantly ridiculous from the start.” 
“I wanted to prove I could do it,” I replied, feeling a pang of disappointment. “I thought I could.” 
“I gave you three months, maximum,” he said, putting an arm around my shoulder. “Admit it, at least part of the reason for coming out here was 'cause you were heartbroken after we broke up.” 
“That was one factor,” I admitted. “There were others.” 
“There's no shame in admitting failure,” he continued, pulling me closer. “You know what they say, right? You have to screw up a few times before you succeed. All the mistakes you've made out here are only gonna make you tougher when we get back to Britain.” 
As we started walking along the street, I felt a growing sense of nausea in my belly. I wanted to push Jackson away, to tell him he was wrong about me and that I'd be staying in Paris after all, but I couldn't bring myself to do any of that. Instead, my head was full of thoughts of home, of London, and I realized a voice in the back of my mind was already starting to relax at the idea of going home. 
Home. 
London was home, no matter how hard I fought the idea. 
“I thought you seemed a bit spaced-out last night,” he muttered. 
“Last night?” 
“When I saw you near your place.” 
“I didn't see you last night,” I stammered. 
“Sure you did. You were walking toward the door, and when you spotted me, you looked like you'd seen a ghost. You muttered some kind of excuse about being busy and you scarpered before I had a chance to tell you about your bag.” 
“That didn't happen,” I replied. “At least, I don't think it did. I don't remember.” 
“Huh. That's pretty weird. How could you forget seeing my handsome face, eh?” 
“I think I went nuts last night,” I said finally. “You won't believe what seemed to be happening to me at the time. It seemed so real, but now I think I was having some kind of psychotic episode.” 
“Sounds fun.” 
“It was about vampires.” 
He immediately laughed and kissed the top of my head. 
“I mean it,” I continued. “It was so realistic, it was like everything was actually happening all around me. And it was so detailed! Somehow I dreamed up this entire world of people, and...” 
For a moment, I thought back to the hours I'd spent under the bridge with Matthias and Antoinette. 
“Careful!” 
Jackson pulled me back, just as I stepped off the sidewalk and out into the road. Flustered, it took me a moment to realize that I'd been about to walk straight into traffic. 
“You really are out of it, aren't you?” he asked, putting a hand on the side of my face and forcing me to look up at him. “I've never seen you like this before, Chloe. Listen, I know I might not still be your favorite person in the world, but why don't we go back to your place and think about getting you sorted out?” He paused, before flashing the same smile I remembered from all those years earlier, back when things had been good between us. “Let's make your last night in Paris one you do remember.” 
Chapter Twenty-Two 
Matthias 
  
Stumbling through the shadows, I stopped for a moment as soon as I heard voices ahead. 
Humans. 
A man and a woman. 
Young. 
Well, all humans were young by my standards, but these particular humans were flaunting their youth. Laughing and giggling, they were clearly in the throes of romance. I slipped back out of sight as they passed, and for a moment I began to pick up the scent of their blood. I quickly put aside all thought of feeding, of course. The days when I feasted indiscriminately upon the citizens of Paris were long over, and I knew the taste of blood would grant only a temporary reprieve. 
I waited as their voices faded into the distance, and then I made my way around the corner. Still sticking to the shadows, avoiding the sunlight that risked burning my flesh, I saw the great mansion of Klaus Zieghoff up ahead. Somehow, it seemed fitting that my brother had holed up in such a place. After all, the Zieghoff mansion had once been the scene of some of the most barbaric and horrific nights in the city's long history. 
Chapter Twenty-Three 
Chloe 
  
“Chinese!” Jackson said later that evening, bringing the take-away bags through the front door. “Two Brits in Paris, eating Chinese food cooked by a bunch of Koreans. The world's a crazy place, huh?” 
Setting some plates on the counter, I realized I could hear a high-pitched whistling sound again. I flinched, but if anything the sound was getting louder. Still, I told myself to ignore the sound, to pretend that it wasn't really there. 
“And before I forget,” Jackson continued, setting the bags down and then handing some coins to me, “there's your change. See? I'm not like I used to be.” 
“Sure,” I muttered, slipping the money into my pocket. To be honest, the smell of Chinese food was making me feel a little nauseous, but I figured I had to eat something. “Did you get the sauce?” 
He sighed. “Damn it, I knew I'd forgotten something.” 
“I'll pop down,” I told him, feeling as if I desperately needed to get some air. As soon as I headed to the door, however, he grabbed my arm and held me back. 
“I'll go, Chloe. Wait here.” 
“I think I want to clear my head,” I told him. “I'll be quick.” 
“No,” he continued, clearly very keen to keep me in the apartment. “Really, I can't let you go out there, not after everything you've been through. I'll just pop down and back up again, you won't even notice I'm gone.” 
“Can I at least come with you?” I asked. “One way or another, I really need to get out of here for a few minutes.” 
He paused. “Sure,” he said finally, unable to hide his reluctance. “Yeah, sure, I guess that could work.” 
  
*** 
  
The early evening Paris streets were as busy and loud as ever, but I could still hear that faint whistling sound in my ear as we made our way toward the take-out restaurant. I glanced over my shoulder a couple of times, wondering if I might see the source of the noise, but there was nothing. 
“You okay?” Jackson asked, for the tenth time since we'd left my apartment. 
“I'm fine,” I muttered, figuring that I didn't need to ask him if he could hear the sound. The last thing I wanted was to make him think I was even crazier. “It's nothing. Just ignore me.” 
“You can be funny sometimes,” he replied, pulling me closer for a hug as we walked. “We need to get you back to London and get your head sorted. I think you're one of those people who doesn't function very well when she's away from home. You're London through and through, girl. Cut you in half like a stick of rock, and you'd have all the place-names stamped in your guts.” 
“Maybe,” I said, forcing a smile. 
The whistling sound was even louder now, as if it was becoming more urgent. By the time we reached the restaurant, I was struggling to hide my discomfort. 
“I'll wait outside,” I told him, pulling away. 
“Babe -” 
“I'll be fine,” I continued, annoyed by his refusal to let me be alone for five seconds. “Just go inside and get the sauce.” I waited for him to go through the door, but he still seemed hesitant. “Please,” I added. “I'll be right here. You'll be able to see me through the window the whole time.” 
He muttered something under his breath, before heading inside. I couldn't help noticing, however, that he was continually looking over his shoulder at me, almost as if he expected me to turn and run. 
  
*** 
  
“And then I was thinking we could have an early night,” Jackson said later, once I'd finished clearing away the take-out boxes. “It's been a while since I slept in a proper bed.” 
I offered a faint, non-committal smile, but in truth I was still struggling with the strange sound, which was slowly becoming more of a whine than a whistle. I couldn't help glancing around, trying to spot where it was coming from. 
“Plus...” he added, stepping up behind me and putting his hands on my hips. After a moment, he kissed the back of my neck. “I've missed you, Chloe. You've gotta admit, it's been a while.” 
Another kiss. 
“Sure,” I muttered. 
And another. 
“Maybe I'll skip that shower,” he said softly. 
A third kiss. 
I flinched. 
“Or you could join me.” 
A fourth. 
“Maybe we could start in the -” 
“Not now!” I hissed, pulling away. I felt as if my skin was crawling, but when I turned to Jackson I realized I might have overreacted a little. “Take that shower,” I told him, hoping to buy some time. “I'll finish clearing up.” 
He hesitated, before nodding and heading to the bathroom. 
“Don't tire yourself out,” he called back to me. “That's my job!” 
As soon as he was gone, I turned and looked out the window. I couldn't explain the tingling sensation that was rippling through my body, but I'd been feeling it on and off ever since the night with Belinda. It was almost as if some hidden force was reaching out and brushing against the edge of my thoughts, although I told myself I was still coming down from whatever weird trip had caused me to imagine all those crazy things. 
For a moment, I thought of Matthias. Was it possible that everything he'd told me had been true? Was it possible that he was in my mind again? I stood in silence for a moment, listening for his presence, but I felt quite sure that he wasn't around. 
Grabbing my phone, I tried to distract myself by checking my mail. After a moment, however, I froze when I saw a new message from Belinda's parents. I hesitated to open the message, worried that I wasn't ready to hear from them, but finally I tapped the screen. To my surprise, I found that the message was asking me to help with something very specific: Belinda's body had apparently never made it back to England, and her parents were distraught at the thought that she'd somehow been lost. I read the message a couple of times, trying to make sense of it all, but finally I realized that somehow Belinda had disappeared while she was being transferred. Her parents said the British Embassy was urgently looking into the matter, but that so far the French authorities had been unable to come up with any answers. 
In the bathroom, Jackson was singing as he showered. 
Hearing a buzzing sound from the chair, I looked over and realized his phone was ringing in his jacket. A couple of seconds after it stopped, it started again. The last thing I wanted was to snoop, but he'd told me he didn't have a phone in Paris, and I had bitter experience of his lies from before. 
As he continued to sing in the bathroom, I headed over to the chair and reached into his jacket pocket. Feeling a bundle of notes, I pulled them out and found he had thousands of euros in cash. A shiver ran down my spine as I realized that he was definitely hiding something. Deep down, I knew that Jackson only ever came crawling back to me when he was short of money, so the fact that he'd come back this time, even when he was apparently loaded, made no sense. Reaching into his pocket again, I took out his phone as it began to ring again, and I saw the screen lighting up with an unregistered number. 
Someone was very keen to get hold of him, and I knew from experience that he had a habit of getting mixed up with bad people. As much as I hated to snoop, I could tell that something was wrong, and I knew I couldn't risk sleepwalking into another disaster. I'd been burned by Jackson so many times before. Besides, somehow I felt that whoever was on the other end of the line, it was someone I knew. 
I hesitated, before accepting the call. 
“Hey,” Belinda said on the other end of the line, “it's me. Where the hell have you been, Jackson? We've been trying to reach you for hours!” 
I froze, not daring to say a word. 
“Jackson?” she continued. “You were supposed to give us regular updates. Is everything okay?” 
I swallowed hard. 
In the distance, the whistling, whining noise was getting louder. 
“Jackson?” 
I looked down at the phone. 
“Are you there?” Belinda continued. “Jackson, is that you? Jackson, say something.” 
Stepping back, I dropped the phone onto his jacket. I could hear her voice still calling out from the speaker, sounding more and more concerned. 
“They just want me to keep you safe,” a voice said suddenly. 
Turning, I saw Jackson standing in the doorway, with a towel wrapped around his waist. 
“Hear me out,” he continued, taking a step toward me. “There are some people out there who're very worried about you, Chloe. They got in touch and said they had a deal that could make everyone happy. All I have to do is keep an eye on you, make sure you don't go too far, and be ready for their instructions. When you think about it, I'm actually doing you a massive favor.” 
“Who?” I stammered, trying not to panic. “Who's paying you?” 
“That doesn't matter right now.” 
“It matters to me,” I said firmly, glancing toward the front door. 
Immediately, Jackson stepped in front of me, as if he knew what I was planning. 
“They're not going to hurt you,” he continued, with that same weaseling tone that he always used when he was trying to change my mind about something. “They just want to not have to worry about you until they're ready for... Well, for whatever they're doing. They didn't really tell me anything I didn't need to know.” 
He reached out to put a hand on my shoulder, but I flinched and pulled away. 
“You're totally overreacting,” he added with a smile. “Look, there's no point talking about it too much. I don't know exactly what's going on, but your mate Belinda seems pretty cool. She just says this Hugo guy wants to have a word with you, but that he can't get here right now.” He stepped toward me. “You're a popular girl, Chloe. Why the hell are all these random people suddenly so interested in you?” 
“I have no idea,” I replied, feeling a cold shiver pass through my chest. Trying not to panic, I turned toward the front door. “I have to get -” 
“No,” he said suddenly, grabbing my arm. 
“Let go!” 
“I can't do that,” he continued, holding me firmly. “Don't make this hard, Chloe. They were very clear, I'm supposed to keep you here for the night. There's really nothing to worry about.” 
I tried to pull free, but he tightened his grip. 
“Don't fight it,” he said with a sigh, as if he was talking to rebellious child. “Why don't you come to bed? I can think of several ways to distract you, but they all involve us wearing fewer clothes.” 
I flinched, but I also knew I needed to get out of the apartment. 
“Sure,” I said finally, even though the idea made my skin crawl. “I guess we can do that.” 
“Excellent,” he replied, letting go of my arm and gently guiding me toward the bedroom door. “I knew you'd see sense. I told them, I know how your mind operates, Chloe. I know how to appeal to your better -” 
Before he could say another word, I shoved him through into the bedroom and then pulled the door shut, before turning and rushing to the front door. Finding that the latch had been drawn across, I began to slide it back, just as I heard Jackson stumbling out of the bedroom. 
“Chloe!” he sighed as he came closer. “You're being -” 
Grabbing my bag from the chair, I swung it at him, smacking him square in the face. He fell back against the opposite wall, which gave me enough time to get the door open and race out into the hallway. Just as I got to the top of the stairs, however, he caught up to me and grabbed my arm. 
“Chloe -” 
Without even thinking, I turned and punched him. I'd never punched anyone before in my life, but through pure dumb luck I connected hard, sending him slumping to the ground. 
I stepped back, watching as he let out a dazed groan. 
For a moment, I could only stare in open-mouthed shock at the sight of him down there on the floor. 
Turning, I started making my way down the stairs. My mind was racing and I still wasn't sure what was happening, but knew exactly where I had to go. 
  
*** 
  
Hurrying toward the police station, I began to make my way up the steps. When I reached the door, however, I looked through and saw several people waiting in the reception area. A couple of them glanced at me, and I realized I recognized them. 
They'd been there earlier, when I'd been reporting my missing bag. 
I hesitated, before taking a step back. I knew the idea was crazy, but I couldn't shake the feeling that Jackson wasn't the only person who'd been assigned to keep an eye on me. Finally, realizing that I didn't dare go inside, I turned and made my way back down the steps. For a moment, I stopped on the sidewalk and tried to work out where I could go next. I felt as if the whole city had begun to close in around me. Finally, I realized there was only one place left where I might be safe. 
Chapter Twenty-Four 
Matthias 
  
I had to stop and rest halfway up the steps. At first I intended to merely catch my breath, but after a moment I had to kneel and rest on my elbows. 
At least the morning sun was hidden behind a thick bank of gray clouds, but that was only a temporary reprieve. Soon its rays would burst across the city, and the streets would no longer be safe. 
Finally, after a few seconds, I got to my feet and staggered onward. When I reached the top of the steps, I saw the main door ahead, and for a moment I found myself thinking back to the days when Zieghoff himself was still around. There had been times when I could have killed that monster, and I bitterly regretted every mistake that had allowed him to slip from my grasp. Had I ended his life sooner, my brother and I might never have become enemies. 
The only consolation was that Zieghoff was at least, finally, rotting in Hell. 
And now my brother awaited. 
Stepping toward the main door, I suddenly became aware of a figure sitting high up on a stone plinth. She was in the same spot as the old statue of Zieghoff, which had been toppled many years ago, but she failed to react as I limped past. Stopping for a moment, I glanced around and began to realize that I needed to cause a brief distraction. 
“Where is he?” I asked, looking up at the girl on the plinth. 
I waited, but she gave no reply. 
“Where's my brother?” I continued. “What do -” 
Before I could finish, I spotted movement in the distance. A figure in white hurried from the bushes and quickly slipped into the mansion through another door. Glancing back up at the girl on the plinth, I realized there was no further need to disturb her, so I turned and made my way toward the building's main door. Already, I could sense evil and hatred in the air. I knew that my brother was close. 
Chapter Twenty-Five 
Chloe 
  
Almost slipping in the mud, I made my way down toward the hole in the side of the bridge. I'd half expected to arrive and find that the hole wasn't there at all, but now as cold rain drizzled down from the gray morning sky, I saw the opening that had led down into the strange world of Antoinette. 
Stopping for a moment, I looked around. 
“Hello?” I called out cautiously, but there was no sign of anyone. 
When I'd visited the bridge with Matthias, there had been several homeless people in the area, warming themselves next to small fires. Now there wasn't a soul in sight. I glanced over my shoulder, to make sure that no-one was about to come up behind me, and then I turned and looked again at the gap in the wall. I knew it was crazy to be out there all alone, and the only method of defense at my disposal was an old can of mace spray that my mother had forced me to carry, but I had to know the truth. 
Leaning through the gap in the wall, I saw a dark, unlit passageway leading beneath the bridge. The air was cold and no candles were burning, but the mere fact of the passageway's existence seemed to prove that I'd been there during the previous night. 
“Hello?” I whispered, dreading the idea of going any further. 
I waited, but there was no reply. Finally, sighing, I took my phone from my pocket and used it to light the way as I climbed through into the darkness. 
  
*** 
  
“Hello?” I called out again, making my way around another corner just a few minutes later. “Is anyone here?” 
With my phone in one hand and the mace spray in the other, I felt like a complete fool. For all I knew, there might have been a bunch of rapists and murderers loitering in the shadows, but I knew I couldn't just turn around and leave. Forcing myself to keep going, I could feel the floor sloping downward a little as I headed further and further beneath the bridge. The air was so cold, I was starting to shiver. 
“Antoinette?” I said cautiously, as I reached the next corner. “I don't know if you remember me, but -” 
Stopping suddenly, I saw a figure slumped on the floor. I froze, not daring to go closer, but finally I realized the figure was wearing one of the faded old uniforms that I'd seen on Antoinette's attendants. Whoever he was, he was face-down and not moving. 
“Hi,” I said, forcing a smile, “are you...” 
My voice trailed off. 
“Are you okay?” I continued. 
Silence. 
Stepping closer, I tilted the phone's screen and saw that the man's eyes were wide open, and that there was a thick, bloody gash on the side of his neck. I immediately stepped back, and my heart was pounding as I realized the man was dead. I looked over my shoulder, but I told myself that running would just leave me back where I started with no ideas and nowhere else to go. 
I turned and looked down at the body again. 
“Are you dead?” I asked. “I mean, are you really, really dead?” 
Swallowing hard, I stepped over the body and made my way further along the corridor. I was poised to run if I heard even the slightest noise up ahead, but after a moment I spotted the archway that led into Antoinette's throne room. I hurried forward until I reached the opening, at which point I looked through and shone my phone's light into the large, open space. 
There were more bodies scattered on the floor. As I turned my phone slightly, I saw even more, and I had no doubt that the dark patches were blood. 
“This isn't happening,” I whispered, trying to calm my growing sense of panic. “It's all in my head. I'm having a breakdown and -” 
Stopping suddenly, I realized I could see Antoinette on the floor, next to her throne. I stood completely still for a moment, before hearing a faint groaning sound as her body twitched. 
“Hello?” I said finally. “Are you... Can you hear me?” 
Picking my way around the other bodies, I crouched next to Antoinette as she turned and looked up at me. I gasped as soon as I saw that one side of her face had been torn away, exposing scraps of bloody meat that still clung to sections of bare bone. 
“What happened?” I asked, my voice trembling with fear. 
Turning, I shone the light from my phone across the room, but there was no sign of anyone else. 
“They came,” Antoinette gasped. 
I looked back down at her. 
“They heard you'd been here,” she continued. “They came to... punish us...” 
“Punish you?” I asked. “For what?” 
“For helping you. For helping him.” 
“Who?” I waited for an answer, but slowly I began to realize what she meant. “Matthias? Is he here? Did he come back?” 
“He's out there still,” she whispered. “I hear his pain. His screams. Don't you hear them too?” 
I shook my head, before realizing that the distant buzzing sound was still ringing in my ears. 
“I don't know,” I told her, “but right now I have to call an ambulance. I have to get you out of here!” 
“You can't help us now,” she gasped. “I knew the risks when I allowed my court to be used by... factions... I always knew that siding with one brother would... bring the rage of the other.” She flinched, as if her pain was worsening. “I made the right choice, though,” she added. “Hugo sent his followers to do this. I knew I might face retribution, but I never thought he'd have my entire court destroyed. This place was supposed to be sacred. It was supposed to be off-limits to his petty violence. He must have truly lost his mind.” 
“This can't be real,” I whispered. “Maybe I'm still... Maybe I'm imagining it all, or -” 
Suddenly Antoinette grabbed my hand, squeezing it tight, and I felt her cold flesh. 
“You have to keep away from them,” she said firmly. “Don't trust anyone else, don't let yourself get trapped. Run, Chloe, and keep running forever. Ignore everything they say about destiny and fate. It was my destiny to rule again, and now look at me. You can break the cycle!” 
“What are you talking about?” I asked. “I don't understand any of this. Even if it's all true, why do they give a damn about me? I'm no-one!” 
“You'll see,” she whispered. “I don't know how, not yet, but...” She paused, and then slowly she managed a pained smile. “I won't see you again,” she added, “but... the next time you see me, I shall be... so beautiful.” 
“Where's Matthias?” I asked. “If this is real, I have to find him.” 
She shook her head. 
“Please,” I continued, “you have to explain it to me! I don't know what's happening, I don't know where to go...” 
“Matthias is lost,” she replied. “Soon, anyway. I hear his screams starting to become faint. Perhaps his plan didn't work, but you must leave him to win or lose on his own. This day has been a long time coming. I only wish that I had lived to see how it all ended, but...” 
She paused, before suddenly starting to get to her feet. 
“Careful!” I told her, grabbing her arm to support her. 
“Throne,” she gasped. “I must be on my throne...” 
Fresh blood dribbled down her ravaged body as I helped her onto the throne. She let out a gasp as she slumped down onto the seat, and then she tilted her head back. 
“They were wrong,” she said after a moment, between deep, slow breaths. “While they were attacking us, they taunted me. They told me I would never see my family restored to its rightful place, but...” She paused, as if she was losing consciousness. “We never needed to be restored,” she whispered. “We were never rightfully deposed in the first place. I am, even to my dying breath, the queen of...” 
She paused, and then suddenly she turned to me with fresh fear in her eyes. 
“You must leave!” she said firmly. “Get out of here! They didn't just kill us! They turned us into them!” 
“What do you mean?” I asked. 
“Go!” she hissed, trying to push me away. “It won't be long now! I can't help you, Chloe, not now! I did everything that was in my power, I kept every promise I ever made to Matthias, but Hugo was too powerful, and his mind has become too damaged. Chloe, you must listen to me... Run! Break the cycle and run!” 
Gasping, she leaned back and fell still. 
I waited, but slowly I began to realize that her glassy eyes were simply staring up at the ceiling. 
“Antoinette?” I said cautiously, as I nudged her arm. “Antoinette, can you hear me? What about that paste you used on me? Couldn't that help? Would it be strong enough to...” 
My voice faded as I saw that it was too late. Stepping back, I realized she was dead. The whole room seemed so still, and as I turned and looked around, I saw the bodies of her courtiers all around. 
“Go where?” I whispered. “What am I supposed to -” 
“I have to deal with my brother,” I suddenly remembered Matthias saying, “but I know exactly where to find him. It's rather poetic, somehow, that he's seen fit to take up residence in the old Zieghoff mansion.” 
“The Zieghoff mansion?” I muttered, trying to work out where I'd heard that name before. “What's the -” 
Suddenly it came to me. I remembered Belinda mentioning that place. It was somewhere outside the city, some kind of abandoned house that had been causing controversy. I wanted to run, to go back to London and pretend that none of the madness had ever happened, but at the same time I was starting to realize that no matter where I went, I couldn't escape. If Jackson was part of what had been happening, I'd never be able to trust anyone again, even in England. Despite the fear in my chest, I knew I had to at least take a look at the Zieghoff place and find out what was really happening. 
Turning, I began to make my way toward the archway. 
And then I stopped. 
Behind me, there was a faint, low shuffling sound. 
I hesitated, telling myself that I must be imagining the whole thing, and then slowly I turned. At first, the room was too dark for me to see anything other than Antoinette's body still resting on the throne, but a moment later I spotted a hint of movement in the shadows. Raising my phone so I could use its light, I saw to my horror that several of the dead courtiers on the ground were now stirring. 
One of them turned to me, and I saw thick puncture wounds on his neck. As soon as he saw me, he opened his mouth, revealing two large, sharp fangs, and he began to let out a faint hiss. 
Stepping back, I looked around and saw that all the dead courtiers were stirring, as if somehow they'd been woken from death. They were moving slowly, as if their bodies were still stiff, but one by one they were starting to get to their feet. 
“I told you,” Antoinette said suddenly, “to run.” 
Turning, I saw to my horror that she too had begun to rise. A smile crossed her lips, and I saw that she was now baring a pair of fangs. 
“Hugo's followers turned us,” she continued, stepping off her throne as her courtiers slowly rose all around her. “Unfortunately, that means we are now bound to him. We have no choice. His bidding is our only care.” 
Stepping back, I saw that all the courtiers were now on their feet. Still moving slowly and stiffly, they began to turn and face me. I knew I had to run, but for a moment I felt frozen in place, as if I didn't dare move. 
“I'm so sorry,” Antoinette said with a grin, “I hate to do this, Chloe, but...” She turned to her men. “Take her down.” 
As soon as the courtiers started shuffling toward me, I turned and hurried out into the corridor, only to see that another dead man was making his way along the corridor, blocking my way out. 
Suddenly the buzzing sound flared in my ear, causing me to step back as I felt a flash of pain. 
“The other way!” Matthias's voice hissed. “Chloe, there's another way out, but you have to trust me! Run!” 
Still barely able to believe what I was seeing, I backed away from the archway as the other courtiers began to come through. 
“This isn't real,” I whispered, hoping against hope that I might suddenly wake up from a nightmare. “None of this is real.” 
“Chloe!” Matthias's voice shouted. “Run!” 
Turning, I started hurrying along the dark corridor, heading deeper and deeper beneath the bridge. I glanced over my shoulder and saw that although the courtiers were still following me, they seemed not to be able to move too fast, which at least allowed me to get around the next corner and hurry along another corridor. 
“At the end,” Matthias's voice continued, “there should be a right turn. Go that way, and the ground will start sloping up again. It'll be pitch black, you won't be able to see anything, but you just have to trust me. At the next turn, you need to -” 
The buzzing sound flared again, and for a moment I heard him screaming. 
“I need to what?” I asked, turning right and making my way through the darkness, with only my phone's screen to light the way. “Matthias, what do I do then?” 
Reaching the next junction, I waited, but all I could hear in my thoughts was an intermittent buzzing sound, as if Matthias was screaming. 
“Which way?” I asked, trying not to panic. “I don't know where to go!” 
“Go?” another voice said suddenly in my head, with a hint of amusement in his tone. “You don't have to go anywhere, Chloe. Just wait right there, and my men will be along to help you.” 
“Who are you?” I asked, stepping back. 
“Don't you recognize me?” the voice asked. “You sadden me, Chloe. We were once such good friends. Oh, it feels so good to finally be in your thoughts again.” 
Turning, I saw something moving in the darkness. Holding my phone up, I realized that the courtiers, although still slow, were getting faster as they gained on me. 
“Matthias is dying,” the voice sneered. “You didn't think he'd actually be able to stop me, did you? For everything you destroyed, Chloe, you must now pay a heavy price. For Judith, for all the pain. For how she died. Did you really think I'd let you get away with it?” 
“I don't know what you're talking about,” I stammered, before looking along the two empty corridors. Figuring that I should take the one that sloped upward, I began to hurry away from the advancing courtiers, even as the buzzing sound returned to my mind. It was as if Matthias was reaching out to me again, blocking the other voice from my thoughts. 
Trying not to panic, I made my way along the next corridor, and then the next, but I was starting to think that I'd taken the wrong route. Finally, however, I spotted a patch of light ahead, and to my relief I found another gap in the wall, leading out to a patch of barren soil near the main road. I had to climb over some rocks and other rubble first, but after a moment I reached out to - 
Suddenly I heard a loud hissing sound over my shoulder, and I turned just as one of the courtiers lunged at me from the shadows. Falling back, I slammed against the wall, hitting the back of my head. The courtier grabbed my shoulders and started pulling me down, and I watched in horror as he leaned closer to me, baring his fangs. The gap in the wall was just a couple of feet away, but no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't manage to get free of the courtier's grasp. 
Slamming my knee into his chest, I managed to push him away slightly, but he grabbed me again as I lunged toward the hole in the wall. He was able to overpower me quickly, pulling me down into the shadows, but at the last moment I managed to grab the edge of a rock and start hauling myself up. The courtier quickly pinned me against the wall, and when I reached up and put my hands against his chest, I found that I was powerless to push him away. I moved my hands up to his neck, but he was far too strong. 
“Please,” I gasped, “stop...” 
He leaned closer. 
Squeezing his neck tighter, I focused on trying to slam his head against the wall, figuring that maybe I could knock him out. After a moment, however, I realized that he was still too powerful. I started pushing him away, and finally I was able to shove him toward the gap in the wall. He was still holding me down, and I knew I needed to find some other way to escape, but suddenly I realized that the courtier was starting to let out a low, pained gasp. 
Seeing that I'd inadvertently pushed part of his face into the sunlight that was streaming through the gap in the wall, I watched as his flesh started to burn. He seemed to be in pain, and his grip on me was loosening a little, so I pushed him further into the light. With my hands still around his neck, I saw his flesh charring and cracking, and finally he let go of me entirely, as if he was desperate to get away from the light. Too shocked to react, I simply stared at him as more and more flesh began to ripple and burn across his features. 
Suddenly he screamed, desperately trying to pull away from me. I let go of his neck, but flames were starting to flare across one side of his face and blood dripped down from his mouth. He recoiled into the shadows and I turned, quickly scrambling through the gap in the wall. I could still hear the creature's pained cries, but I didn't look back, not until I'd managed to get several meters away, at which point I turned to see that there was no sign of the other courtiers coming after me. As the agonized scream continued, I realized that morning sunlight was holding them back, forcing them to stay in the shadows. 
My hands were trembling and in my mind's eye I could still see the creature's hideous face as it burned. It would have been one thing if I'd simply imagined such a thing, but I'd felt its hands on my skin, and I'd noticed the foul smell of its breath. 
It was real. 
It had to be real. 
Looking past the road, I could see the city of Paris gleaming in the distance, its lights already dazzling beneath the brightening sky. As much as I wanted to run, I knew that once night fell again, I couldn't possibly be safe. With a heavy heart, I realized I only had one other option. 
Chapter Twenty-Six 
Matthias 
  
“Where are you?” I called out as I limped along yet another corridor, heading deeper and deeper into the heart of the mansion. “Hugo! Why drag this out? You know I'm dying! No matter how ravaged and weak you might be, you have to realize that I pose no threat!” 
Reaching the old ballroom, I listened for some hint of my brother's presence. After a moment, however, I couldn't help but feel struck by the fact that the mansion had fallen into disrepair. I remembered grand nights as Zieghoff's guest, back when I had fewer cares in the world. Back when I could turn a blind eye to the horrors of the world. Before someone changed me. Stepping forward, I was about to go and look at the old piano when, suddenly, my right leg gave way and I dropped to the floor. 
A fresh surge of pain raced through my chest, but on this occasion the discomfort was mercifully brief. 
Slowly, I stood again. 
“Have you heard the sound of the prophecy asserting itself?” I called out, convinced that wherever Hugo was hiding, he'd be able to hear me. “You can't fight it, Hugo. Neither of us can. Any time we try to change the course of events, the fabric of fate itself pushes back. The cycle can't be broken. That's what the whistling sound means. It's a way for the prophecy to gently steer us back on course. Or not so gently, in some cases.” 
Making my way across the ballroom, I looked around, but there was still no sign of him. 
“Why don't you make your move, then?” I asked, wincing as fresh pain rippled through my chest. Reaching the door at the far end of the room, I limped through and found myself in the old banquet hall. Still, however, Hugo was keeping out of sight, although I could sense his presence nearby. I paused for a moment, letting the air settle, reaching out with my mind and searching for him. 
Suddenly I felt him push back. 
I turned, but there was still no sign of him. 
Still, I definitely had his attention, which was important since I needed to keep his focus on me, at least while I waited for Chloe to be ready. 
“Why don't we talk?” I asked. “I know you came up with some grand plan, Hugo, but even in the depths of madness you must realize it's doomed to failure. The only person to blame for what happened is Zieghoff, and he's dead now. Although perhaps I should take some responsibility as well. I made mistakes, and I didn't step up when I should have.” 
I waited. 
Silence. 
“Hugo?” I continued. “I'm sorry! Is that what you want to hear? Don't blame Chloe for what happened! If you can't blame Zieghoff, then blame me! I'm here, and I'm dying, and I want to make sure you don't do something foolish! You can't change what happened, and you can't change what's about to happen, but there's still time to chase the darkness from your heart! It doesn't have to end like this. You can still -” 
Before I could finish, I heard a faint bumping sound over my shoulder. I turned, just as my brother bit down hard on the side of my neck. 
Chapter Twenty-Seven 
Chloe 
  
It had taken all day, but I'd finally found the place. The sun had begun to set, filling the sky with shades of red and orange, as I made my way through the deserted park. Ahead, silhouetted against the evening sky, stood the huge, abandoned Zieghoff mansion. 
I couldn't help looking over my shoulder every few seconds, just in case a figure appeared, but so far I seemed to be alone. It had taken so long to locate the mansion, and then to find my way to the surrounding park, and now that I'd arrived I was starting to wonder whether I was making a huge mistake. The silence of the park, which I'd initially found comforting, now seemed a little foreboding, almost as if all other life had retreated from the area. 
Up ahead, the dark mansion awaited. The place appeared completely deserted, but the ringing sensation in my ears was getting stronger and I felt certain that Matthias was somewhere nearby. 
By the time I got to the bottom of the steps that led up to the front of the large house, I realized that turning and running was no longer possible. I'd been steered toward the mansion, and all my other escape routes had been blocked. I couldn't go back to my apartment or to London, because clearly Jackson was somehow involved in the madness, and I couldn't go to the police because, again, dark forces seemed to be waiting for me there too. 
My only hope, I figured, was that I was indeed losing my mind, in which case I needed to force the issue. 
And then, of course, there was the possibility that scared me the most. The idea that it was all really happening, that Matthias and Antoinette and all those other figures really were what they claimed to be. After all, I'd been attacked by one of Antoinette's courtiers, and I could still feel where the man's clammy dead hands had grabbed hold of me. Somehow, deep down, I was starting to accept that the vampiric courtiers, and everything else, had been real. 
Either way, I had to know for sure. 
Forcing myself to start walking up the steps, I felt a heavy, crushing sensation in my chest. I'd been scared before in my life, but never truly terrified. Part of me still wanted to turn and run, but part of me had found a new sense of strength from somewhere, and finally I reached the top of the steps and saw the mansion's courtyard ahead. 
The reddening sky cast long, warm shadows all around. I paused for a moment, feeling as if I was being watched, and then after a moment I spotted a figure sitting nearby on top of an old, damaged stone plinth. Although she was several meters above me, I recognized the figure immediately. 
“What are you doing here?” I asked, stepping closer. 
Belinda turned and looked down at me, with tears in her eyes. 
“He told me to sit here and wait for you,” she replied, “so that's what I'm doing. It's not like I have a choice.” 
“Who?” I asked, stopping at the foot of the plinth and staring up at her. “Who's telling you what to do?” 
“His name is Hugo,” she continued, wiping away her tears. “You should run, Chloe. I'll have to stop you, of course, because that's what he told me to do, but... You should run. And when I come after you, please... Try to find a way to kill me. Maybe try driving a stake through my heart. That's supposed to be a way to kill vampires, isn't it?” 
“You have to help me,” I told her. “I don't know what's happening, but the whole world seems to be going crazy.” 
“He's not right in the head,” she replied. “He's obsessed, and angry, and he keeps lashing out.” 
“Who?” 
“I already told you! Hugo!” 
“I don't know anyone named Hugo!” 
“Well, he knows you,” she continued, her voice trembling with fear. “That's what this has all been about. He's after revenge.” 
“Revenge?” I took a deep breath. “That's insane. How can someone I haven't even met want revenge? I've never done anything to hurt anyone in my life!” 
“That's not how he sees it.” 
“Belinda, please -” 
Before I could finish, I heard a sudden, loud scream from somewhere inside the building. Somehow, I instantly knew that the scream was Matthias's. I didn't know whether to feel horrified, or relieved that at least – for now – he was still alive. 
“There he goes again,” Belinda said with a sigh. “They're brothers, did you know that? Matthias seems okay, kind of hot, but Hugo...” She shuddered. “Hugo's out of his mind. I can't even begin to imagine what could do that to someone, but it's as if all the rage and anger of the world has been funneled through him and it's started to burst into the open.” She paused, before reaching up and touching her face. “You can see it,” she added, with a hint of disbelief in her voice. “It's as the fury burned so bright in his soul, it began to destroy his body. How is that even possible? How can someone be so angry?” She tilted her head a little as she peered at me. “How did you make him so angry?” 
“I don't know what you're talking about!” I hissed. “I swear, I've never met anyone named Hugo before! He must have got the wrong person! This must just be a case of mistaken identity.” 
Slipping down from the plinth, Belinda landed in front of me. Her face was pale and her features seemed more gaunt than before. 
“You have to understand,” she said calmly, despite the tears in her eyes, “that I can't disobey him. He did this to me. He killed me, and then he brought me back, and that makes him my master. So if I do awful things to you, Chloe, if I hurt you, if I allow others to hurt you, please don't hate me. Please understand that even though I'm still me, I can't resist his orders.” Tears started streaming down her face. “Promise you won't hate me for all the things I'm about to do to you. Please, Chloe, you have to promise.” 
I took a step back, but she immediately reached out and grabbed my arm. I tried to pull away, but she was holding me too tight. 
“Please!” she sobbed. “I'm begging you, tell me you understand!” 
“I don't understand any of this,” I replied. “I don't even -” 
Suddenly I heard another scream from inside the building. 
“What's happening in there?” I asked. “What's he doing to Matthias?” 
“Why don't you go in and find out?” she replied, slowly letting go of my arm, as if she was testing to see whether I'd try to run. “It's not like you have any choice, anyway. If you try to run, I'll stop you. If you refuse to enter the house, I'll drag you in there myself. Not because I want to, Chloe. If it were up to me, I'd help you get away, but...” She paused. “I can't even describe it. It's just like... Whatever he wants me to do, I'll do it. And right now, he wants you to go into the house.” 
Turning, I looked toward the huge building. Row upon row of dark windows loomed high above, and I couldn't shake the feeling that someone was watching me from one of them. 
“Let's make this easy,” Belinda said, putting a hand on my shoulder and trying to guide me toward the large front door. “I don't want to fight you, Chloe.” 
Walking with her, I realized that I had no choice. 
“Apparently this mansion was owned by some crazy Nazi guy during the war,” she explained. “I don't know the details, but anyway, that's why it's been left abandoned these days. I guess Mr. Zieghoff, whoever he was, did some pretty bad stuff here, so now no-one wants to take the place on. It's weird, but maybe it's to do with the vibes of the place. You have to admit, it feels pretty freaky here, right? 
“I don't need to know about all of that,” I replied, as we stepped into the shadow of the house and approached the front door. 
“Sure, but -” 
“I just want to get this over with.” 
“I never knew you were so popular,” she continued, as if she was trying to make small-talk. “Do you seriously have no idea why this Hugo guy is so obsessed with you? I mean, don't take this the wrong way, Chloe, but you never really struck me as the kind of person who'd end up with some moody vampire tearing the world apart so he can get to you.” 
Stopping at the door, I took a deep breath. 
“Please don't try to run,” Belinda said after a moment. “I don't want to have to hurt you.” 
“Then don't,” I replied, turning to her. 
“I can't help it.” There were fresh tears in her eyes. “If he told me to smash your head open right now, I'd have no choice. You don't know what it's like, to have someone controlling your thoughts like that.” 
“Is he controlling them now?” I asked. 
“Not right now, but he's watching. And listening.” 
“Can he hear me?” 
Reaching out, she opened the door, revealing the gloomy, under-lit interior. “Just go and see him,” she continued. “There's really no other way.” 
“Aren't you coming inside?” 
She shook her head. “He wants me to sit out here like some kind of obedient little guard dog. It's not as if I can refuse.” 
I watched as she made her way back toward the stone plinth and climbed up. I could hear her sobbing, but I had no doubt that she was telling the truth. If I tried to run, she'd turn on me, so I stepped through the doorway and found myself in a large, high-ceilinged hallway with a huge chandelier on the floor, having apparently crashed down at some point. A spiral staircase dominated the far wall, and the ever-darkening evening sky could just about be seen through the large windows. It was clear that the house had been grand once, although it seemed to have been left in a state of disrepair. 
I waited. 
Silence. 
“Hello?” I called out finally, stepping forward. There was dirt and glass on the floor, and the more I looked around, the more I saw that the house seemed to have been damaged at some point in the past. There were cracks on the walls and sections of missing plaster, and a little further ahead there was a large hole in the floor-tiles. 
Reaching a door to the side of the stairs, I peered along a dark corridor. 
“Matthias?” I said cautiously. “Where -” 
Suddenly I heard him screaming, and I quickly realized that he was upstairs somewhere. I took a deep breath, before making my way to the foot of the stairs and looking up. The screams had stopped for a moment, but I knew I'd have to go up sooner or later, so I figured there was no point delaying the inevitable. 
Slowly, with a growing sense of fear in my gut, I made my way upstairs and finally reached the landing. I immediately spotted the words 'Nazi scum' daubed on one of the nearby walls. It was clear that at some time over the years, vandals had broken into the house, and when I looked over the railing I saw the chandelier far below. Evidently someone at some point had cut it down, and it wasn't hard to imagine that in the years after the war, the people of Paris must have seen the house as a symbol of the Nazi forces that had once occupied the city. 
Making my way along the nearest corridor, I listened out for signs of life, but the mansion seemed to have fallen silent again. I wanted to call out again, although I quickly realized that it might not be smart to advertise my presence. Then again, I figured that Hugo – whoever he really turned out to be – already knew that I was in the building. 
As I reached the door at the corridor's far end, I felt a brief, frantic buzzing sensation in my left ear. I flinched, but the sound quickly faded. I was starting to think that Antoinette might have been right, that somehow I was hearing a distorted version of Matthias's scream, and after a moment I realized that I'd instinctively reached out to put my hand on the nearest door-handle. I hesitated for a moment, before slowly turning the handle and pushing the door open. At the same time, I couldn't shake the strangest sense that I'd been to the house before. 
Stepping through, I found myself entering a large banquet hall. A long table ran through the center of the room, with empty chairs on either side. The only brightness came from the large windows on the hall's far side, through which low evening light was now streaming, casting long shadows. Stepping forward, I looked around but saw no sign of anyone, even though I distinctly felt as if I was being watched. 
A moment later, I looked up and saw a balcony high above, running around the edges of the room. 
At the far end, a dark figure stood watching me, although it immediately turned and slipped out of sight as soon as it realized it had been seen. 
I stepped forward. 
“Wait!” I called out, but it was too late. 
The figure was gone. 
Suddenly hearing a shuffling sound nearby, I turned and saw some kind of large cage in the corner. Making my way over, I spotted a figure slumped on the cage's floor, and even before I'd made my way around to the other side I'd already guessed whose face I was about to see. 
“Matthias?” I whispered, kneeling to get a better look at him through the bars. “Matthias, wake up!” 
I waited, but he didn't stir. 
“Matthias!” 
I tried reaching between the bars, but the gap was too tight. 
“Matthias, it's me,” I continued, keeping my voice low. I glanced over my shoulder, to make sure that no-one else was nearby, and then I turned back to him. “It's Chloe,” I whispered, gently tapping on the bars. “Please, you have to wake up!” 
I paused, before slowly realizing what I had to do. 
“We need to get out of here,” I stammered. “I have to rescue you!” 
Getting to my feet, I made my way around the side of the cage and saw a large metal lock. When I tried the door, it failed to open, and it was clear that without a key I wouldn't be able to get Matthias out. 
I looked across the room again, to make sure we were still alone. All the chairs at the long table were empty, and I couldn't see anyone in the shadows, so I moved back around to the other side of the cage and got down onto my knees again. 
“Matthias!” I hissed. “I don't know how to get you out of here! I need you to wake up!” 
Suddenly his eyes began to flicker open, and he stared up at me. 
“Tell me what to do,” I continued, trying not to panic. “I don't have a key for this thing, so -” 
“Go,” he whispered, his voice sounding impossibly weak and frail. “It's too late for me. You have to...” 
He gasped, as if a fresh wave of pain was bursting through his body. 
“I was wrong,” he continued. “About everything. I knew he was... I knew he was out of his mind, but I didn't think... I didn't think he'd go this far...” 
“Just tell me how to get you out of here,” I replied. “Matthias, please!” 
He stared at me for a moment, before glancing past me. I saw a flicker of anger cross his face, and I turned slowly to see that there was now a figure sitting at the far end of the table. His face was hidden by shadows, as the sun dipped below the horizon outside, but I could tell that the figure was watching me. 
“Is that him?” I asked, turning back to Matthias. “Is that your brother? Is that Hugo?” 
“Go,” Matthias said with a sigh. “You might... still...” 
I waited for him to continue, but after a few seconds I realized he'd lost consciousness. 
“Matthias!” I hissed, bumping the bars before glancing at the figure again and seeing that it was still in the same place, apparently content to simply watch me for now. “Matthias,” I said again, turning back to look into the cage, “you can't leave me like this! You have to show me what I can do!” 
Again I waited, but this time there was no response. 
Keenly aware that I was still being watched, I turned and looked at the figure. Dust was floating through the air between us, but as the light outside continued to dim, I was slowly able to make out more of the figure's face. I could see two dark eyes watching me, but the rest of his features seemed terribly scarred and damaged. There was no hair on his head, not even eyebrows, and he seemed impossibly thin, as if the remaining flesh was clinging to his bones. 
Cautiously, I got to my feet. 
“Chloe,” he said suddenly, his voice croaking slightly as if he was in pain. “It's so nice to see you again.” 
Chapter Twenty-Eight 
Matthias 
  
“Run!” I shouted, reaching out to Chloe's mind. “Get out of here! The plan didn't work! Hugo was too strong. It has to be just me and him now!” 
I waited, letting my thoughts race through the house, but I was already too weak to find her. 
“Don't come for me,” I continued, even as I felt myself losing consciousness again. “I'm dying anyway. You have to run and never look back!” 
Chapter Twenty-Nine 
Chloe 
  
Stepping closer to the table, I kept my eyes fixed on the figure at the far end. 
“You made me work for this,” he said after a moment. “Look at me, I've almost wasted away.” 
He turned his head to one side, letting me see the thick, knotted scars than ran across one side of his face. 
“I have survived things that would kill most vampires,” he continued, turning back to me, “even if I have lost a great deal in the process. My looks, for one thing, but also...” His voice trailed off. He flinched slightly, as if he'd been momentarily struck by some unseen discomfort. “I must confess, and this might not come as a surprise to you, but I have struggled somewhat to retain my sanity. As bad as things might seem right now, I can assure you that anyone else would not have managed nearly so well.” 
“Are you Hugo?” I asked cautiously. “Are you Matthias's brother?” 
“I have no brother!” he spat angrily, before quickly regaining his composure. “It's true that we were slopped out from between the legs of the same mother, but these days that is as far as our connection goes.” 
Gasping, he got to his feet, and I heard his bones creaking as he began to make his way around the table. He was wearing a long dark robe that ran to the floor, and he seemed awkward and ungainly, as if every step was agonizing. 
“I think there's been some kind of mistake,” I told him, slowly moving around the table so as to keep well away from him. “I don't know who you are. I've never seen you before in my life, and this whole mess, whatever it's about, is nothing to do with me.” 
“It isn't?” he asked with a faint smile. 
“I don't know you!” I said firmly. “I don't know any of you!” 
“They say I lost my mind,” he continued, limping further around the table. “They're right. After everything my brother did to me, after everything you did to me Chloe, I'm afraid my mind fractured into a thousand pieces. But that was then, and now things are different.” He paused. “I was lost in darkness for so long, but eventually I gathered the pieces up and put my mind back together. Now it's as good as new. Better even. All the original parts are still there, but I managed to make some improvements. Of course, once I'd put it all back together, I found that I had a few pieces left over. I tossed those aside.” 
“I don't know who you are!” I told him yet again, still backing away around the table. “You must be looking for another Chloe, I don't know how the confusion happened, but -” 
“Silence!” he shouted, cutting me off. “I know what my brother thinks! He believes me to be so insane, so beyond help, that I can't distinguish one reality from another. He thinks I see you and assume you're...” He paused again, clearly in pain. “I know full well why you don't remember me, Chloe. I know why you have that stupid, gormless look on your face. It's not your fault. In some ways, I even feel pity for you. You'll never understand, not really, because I won't give you the chance. You'll simply fade from existence before you have a chance to wreak so much misery and cruelty on the world.” 
Shaking my head, I looked over at the cage and saw that Matthias still hadn't stirred. 
“No-one has ever done what I'm about to do,” Hugo continued, inching closer. “To reorganize the world... I don't know whether I'll remember the truth, or whether I'll be swept up in it all. Either way, you'll be prevented from committing the terrible crimes that even now are brewing in your soul.” 
“You're wrong,” I replied, glancing at the door and trying to work out whether I could run. Sure, Hugo seemed weak enough, but then I'd still have to deal with Belinda. 
“Look what you did to me!” Hugo shouted suddenly, unbuttoning his shirt and pulling the fabric aside to reveal a scarred, hollowed-out chest. It was as if most of his ribs had been torn away, along with his internal organs, leaving just some clumps of meat packed around his spine. Near the top, a heart-like shape was throbbing wildly, and I winced as I saw spikes poking out from its surface. 
My eyes widening with horror, I stepped back. 
“You tore me apart!” he continued, limping toward me. “You and Matthias led me into that macabre trap, and then you left me to die! You didn't care about my sanity, or my future! You saw fit to end my life and -” 
“No!” I shouted. “You're wrong! I don't know what you're talking about, but I never saw you until tonight!” 
“Liar!” he hissed. 
“I mean it!” As he edged closer, I continued to make my way around the table. “Please, you have to look at this rationally. I've never seen you before, so somewhere in all of this there has to be a mistake! The first I knew of you and your brother was about a week ago, when my friend was killed!” 
“Do you see Zieghoff?” Hugo replied. 
I opened my mouth to ask what he meant, before realizing that he was looking up at a large, torn painting that hung at the far end of the room. The painting depicted a tall, proud man wearing some kind of uniform. After a moment, I saw that the uniform featured Nazi swastikas. 
“This was his house,” Hugo gasped, leaning against one of the chairs. “This is where he carried out some of his abominable acts. Somewhat fitting, don't you think? The man was an occultist, he led one of the Nazi units that was dedicated to exploring the art of witchcraft. A madman, you might say. Look at that painting, Chloe, and tell me it doesn't mean something to you.” 
Staring at the painting, I saw only the angry, shadowy face of its subject. 
“I've never seen that man before in my life,” I stammered. “Until a few days ago, I'd never even heard of him.” 
“Liar!” Hugo shouted again, still trying to make his way around the table to reach me. “You recognize him in your soul! I know you do! You can't make me believe that you could ever forget!” 
He stopped suddenly, his eyes wide with fear. 
“No, of course,” he muttered finally, as if some new thought had entered his mind. “I'm forgetting myself. I'm mixing up the...” His voice trailed off for a moment. “Perhaps my mind isn't quite as strong as I'd hoped,” he added with a grin. “Perhaps there are some areas where the connections don't quite fit together properly. Nevertheless, I'm sure of my plan, and now I have you here. I have waited, and now the moment has arrived.” 
Glancing at Matthias again, I saw that he was still crumpled in the cage. 
“My brother is dying,” Hugo explained. “He has only a few minutes left. He waited for this day, and now he's powerless to do anything. He'd be weeping now, if he could stay conscious. As things stand, I will simply have to content myself with imagining his screams.” 
I was about to ask what he meant, when I spotted movement up on the balcony behind Hugo. 
“Who is that?” I whispered, as I saw a figure rushing into a door, its figured obscured by a white cloak. 
Hugo turned and looked up, but the figure was gone now. 
“Do you think I'm that easily fooled?” he asked, turning back to me. “I've played your games before, Chloe. I know you inside out, and I understand every move you're about to make. I've seen you when you're desperate, and it's not a pretty sight. Fortunately, I'm about to wipe you from history, so at least I won't ever have to deal with you again. I'm going to break the cycle and make this madness end.” 
I opened my mouth to reply, before glancing toward the cage. My first hope was that Matthias would be stirring, that somehow he might be able to help me, but after a moment I realized that not only was the cage's door wide open, but Matthias was nowhere to be seen. 
“They said I was insane,” Hugo sneered, stepping closer to me. He paused, before glancing to the right. “Don't bother me now!” he added, as if he was talking to some other, invisible figure. “I'm dealing with the situation. I need to -” 
He froze for a moment, as if shocked. 
“Where?” he stammered, turning and looking the other way. “I don't see her. Where is she?” He hesitated, before turning back to his right again. “More lies!” he sneered. “Did Matthias put you up to this? Is it part of his latest game?” 
Edging away slowly, I kept my eyes fixed on the empty cage. 
“You can't leave this place,” Hugo said firmly, turning to me again. “I've spent too long working on this plan.” 
I looked around, but there was still no sign of Matthias. 
“I told you I'd capture him one day,” Hugo continued, glancing at the cage before turning back to me. “People laughed at me, but -” 
He stopped suddenly, his eyes filled with doubt and shock. For a moment, it was as if he'd seen the empty cage but couldn't quite register the truth. Slowly, however, he turned and looked again, and I realized I could hear him muttering to himself under his breath. 
Still trying to spot Matthias, I began to make my way around the table, hoping to make it to the door. As I did so, I saw Hugo hurrying toward the empty cage, still talking to himself as if his rage was spilling over. 
Finally, I turned and bolted. 
Somehow I made it all the way to the door without Hugo calling out to me. Hurrying along the corridor, I glanced over my shoulder a couple of times, but there was no sign of him coming after me. Reaching the next corner, I began to make my way toward the stairs, until suddenly a figure dressed in white emerged from one of the side rooms. She stopped suddenly, as if she hadn't expected to run into me. Her head was covered by a white hood, and her face was turned away so that I couldn't see her features. 
“Please,” I stammered, taking a step back. “Help me. Please don't make me go back to -” 
Before I could finish, she hurried to another door and pushed it open, disappearing inside. I made my way over and looked through, but all I saw was an empty room, as if the figure had vanished in the blink of an eye. 
“I have to get out of here,” I whispered, realizing that there'd be time to figure things out later. There was still no sign of Hugo following me, so I quickly headed to the stairs and ran down to the main hallway. Just as I got to the bottom of the stairs, I heard a cry of rage from deeper within the house, as if Hugo had finally realized that his brother had escaped, and I glanced back up the stairs for a moment before turning to run again. 
“Not so fast.” 
Pushing me back, Belinda stood over me as I fell to the ground. 
“I'm a good guard dog,” she continued, “except in this case, my job is to keep you from leaving.” 
She flinched as we both heard Hugo's distant screams. 
“He's crazy,” I stammered, not daring to get up yet. “Belinda, he's out of his mind.” 
“Maybe,” she replied, with a hint of sadness, “but he's also in my mind. Partly, anyway. I'm sorry, Chloe, but I've got orders. You're not leaving.” 
Getting to my feet, I saw the main door in the distance, with the night sky beyond. 
“Don't even think about it,” Belinda added. “Chloe, please... He'll make me hurt you.” 
I stared at her for a moment, before slowly getting to my feet. “I don't believe that,” I told her. 
“Chloe...” 
“We'll leave,” I continued, “and then we'll find Matthias, and then we'll figure this all out.” 
She shook her head. “It doesn't work like that.” 
“I don't have a clue how it works,” I replied, “but that man back there is beyond help. Half the things he was ranting on about... I mean, he seems to live in some kind of fantasy world. He needs serious medical attention and -” 
“You still don't believe it, do you?” she asked, interrupting me. 
“I believe something's going on here,” I continued, still hearing Hugo's anguished cries in the distance. “I'm not quite sure whether the vampire stuff is real, or just in my head, but I know I have to get out of this place. I feel like I've wandered into the end of somebody else's story.” 
I paused for a moment, waiting for a reply, before stepping past her. 
“I'm leaving,” I told her. “We both need to -” 
“Chloe, no!” 
Suddenly I felt her grabbing my hand, and I gasped as I felt her ice-cold skin. Turning to her, I saw tears in her dark, shadowed eyes. 
“You have to stay,” she continued, on the verge of sobbing. “Believe me, I'm so sorry...” 
I stared at her for a moment, before pulling my hand away. “Make me,” I said finally, turning and hurrying toward the door. 
With each step, I waited for her to grab me again, but I'd almost reached the door by the time I finally felt her hand on my shoulder. 
“Belinda, I -” 
Before I could finish, she pulled me back, throwing me to the ground and sending me cluttering to the foot of the stairs. I gasped as I tried to get back to my feet, shocked by the force she'd used. 
“Don't make me do that again,” she said, sniffing back tears. “I don't want to hurt you, but I will if you make me. I'm not in control anymore, Chloe.” 
Once I was standing again, I saw that she was blocking the door. 
“What happened to you?” I asked, hoping that somehow I'd be able to talk her round. “You're my friend, you'd never hurt me. Who did this to you?” 
“I'm so cold,” she replied, shivering slightly. “He says that 's just something that happens to people who've been turned recently. He says our bodies struggle to adapt, but that eventually I'll be warm again. It's hard, Chloe, not being able to warm yourself in the sun. I spent so long, shivering in the shadows, desperate for heat. He says I'll feel good again eventually, but that first I need to...” 
She paused, stepping toward me as tears flowed down her face. 
“First I need to feed,” she continued. “My temperature will keep dropping until I feast on the blood of a human.” She wiped the tears away. “I won't take much, Chloe. He told me I can take a little from you, he promised it'd warm me up. I've never been so cold.” 
Shaking my head, I began to back away. 
“You won't end up like me,” she added. “I don't have the ability to do that to you. I'll just take some blood, and then you'll sleep for a while, and when you wake up Hugo will... I don't know what he's planning, but now he has his brother in that cage, he can do whatever he wants.” 
“His brother isn't in the cage,” I told her, as I tried to work out when to bolt for the door. “Matthias got out somehow. I don't know how, but he's gone.” 
“That can't be true,” Belinda replied. “Hugo would never have allowed it.” 
“Matthias can help you,” I continued, even though I wasn't entirely sure that was true anymore. “At least he can try. Let's just go and find him and -” 
“I have my master now,” she sobbed. “He's telling me to do bad things to you, Chloe. Really, really bad things, and I can't say no.” 
“Belinda -” 
“Please, Chloe, you have to forgive me.” 
She reached out to me, and I immediately turned and run. Racing toward the door, I almost managed to get outside, but once again she grabbed me and pulled me back. This time I tried to fight back, but she twisted me around and then slammed me down against the floor with bone-shuddering force. As I let out a pained gasp, she climbed on top and straddled me, and when she opened her mouth I saw two long, sharp fangs. 
I waited, too scared to move, but something seemed to be holding her back. Fresh tears were rolling down her cheeks, dripping onto me, but still she seemed unable to strike. 
“What are you waiting for?” a voice asked finally. “Your prey is defenseless.” 
Turning, we both saw Hugo standing at the top of the stairs. 
“There is not much time,” he continued. “I promised you some of her blood, Belinda, and I am a man of my word. Drink, but be prepared to stop when I tell you. If you continue to drink when you know you should not, that will be a sign of great weakness. I shall have to punish you accordingly.” 
Belinda turned back to look at me, and I realized her whole body was shivering. 
“I can't stop myself,” she whimpered, tilting her head slightly. “Forgive me, Chloe...” 
“He can't make you do anything,” I told her. 
“Oh, he can,” she continued, leaning closer. “You have no idea. He's my master, he gave me life after death, but in return I have to obey is every word.” 
She opened her mouth wider, exposing her fangs. I tried to push her away, but she was holding me down with too much force and no matter how much I struggled, I could feel her cold breath on the side of my neck, and more of her tears dripping down onto my skin. 
“Please,” I whispered. “Don't do this...” 
Feeling the tips of her fangs pressing against my flesh, I tensed my body. Slowly the tips pierced my skin, slipping deeper and deeper into my neck through small puncture wounds that became larger as the base of her fangs began to enter. I could feel a faint burning sensation, and my body seemed a little heavier, and then a moment later I realized I could feel Belinda drawing blood from my neck. A shiver passed through me, but I was powerless to stop her. 
Finally, after a few seconds, she pulled out. 
I felt hot blood dribbling onto my neck, but I barely had the strength to look up at her as she got to her feet. There was blood smeared around her lips, and she was staring at me with wild, fearful eyes. 
“Please...” I whispered. 
“I won't do it!” she shouted, turning to look up at Hugo, who was slowly making his way down the stairs to join us. 
He smiled. “You surprise me.” 
“She's my friend!” Belinda yelled, as if she was getting angrier and angrier. “I don't care what you want, but I won't hurt Chloe! You can't make me do it!” 
“I think we both know that I can,” he replied darkly. 
“Not if I refuse,” she continued, her voice trembling with fear. “You can threaten me all you want, but you can't make me to this to her.” 
I tried to get up, but my body still felt impossibly weak and heavy. 
“I can make you do anything,” Hugo said firmly, stopping in front of Belinda. He paused for a moment, eyeing her with a hint of amusement. “But I don't have to,” he added finally. “Fine. If you don't wish to help me, I can just as easily release you from my service.” 
She turned to me. “Chloe, I -” 
Suddenly she let out a cry, before stumbling and dropping down to her hands and knees. I watched in horror as her body convulsed, and a moment later black blood began to dribble from her lips. She tried to say something, before rolling onto her side as the flesh on her face began to shrivel. 
“Stop,” I whispered, looking up at Hugo. He was smiling now, as if Belinda's agony amused him. “Don't...” 
Before I could finish, I heard a rattling cry from Belinda, and I turned just in time to see that her flesh had dried and darkened now, and that flakes were falling from her body, leaving her charred skull exposed. Too weak to pull away or to help, I simply stared in horror as she tried one final time to get up. Most of her flesh was gone now, but she still managed to open her mouth, as if she was screaming. 
“No!” I shouted. “I'll give it to her! I'll give her blood! Don't do this to her!” 
Hugo merely laughed as Belinda tried to drag herself forward. For a moment she began to lift herself from the floor, as if she might yet be able to escape. Finally, however, the remains of her body slumped back down, with enough force to shatter the back of her skull. 
“How utterly ungrateful,” Hugo muttered after a moment. “She could have lived forever, if she'd just been willing to accept a few limitations. Still, she was useful while she was here.” 
With that, he placed his boot against the front of her skull and pushed down, crushing what was left of her bones. After a moment, he turned to me and smiled. 
“A vampire's bite contains a mild toxin,” he continued, “that sedates the victim. But don't worry, Chloe. You'll only sleep for a short while, and I've already devised a new role for you to fulfill. Before I kill you, I need to use you.” He leaned closer. “As bait, for my brother.” 
I tried to cry out, but I could barely even move my lips as I slipped into unconsciousness. 
Chapter Thirty 
Matthias 
  
Feeling another burst of pain in my chest, I slumped against the chair, desperately trying to get air into my lungs. The pain was coming more often now, and it seemed much stronger, but at the same time it gave me strength. I couldn't rest, I knew that, so my only hope was to turn the pain around and use it so that I might keep going for a little while longer. 
“Here,” a voice said, as I heard someone slipping into the room. “It might help.” 
Turning, I saw a figure approaching, wearing a white cloak and with a hood hiding her face. 
“You should leave,” I whispered, as she knelt beside me and held out her hand, turning it to expose the wrist. I saw the familiar veins I'd come to know so well, but I knew the time was long gone when she could save me. She'd freed me from the cage. That was enough. “You've done all you can.” 
“You need to drink.” 
“Not from you.” 
“Matthias -” 
“Not from you! Not again.” 
“You have no choice.” She waited, with her wrist still turned to me. She knew I'd be able to smell her blood, that her scent would be too strong for me to resist. She'd known that for so long, and it had become her way of enticing me, of getting me to move beyond my instincts. She knew me better than I knew myself. 
“Please,” I whispered, already feeling the urge starting to rise through my chest. “Take it away.” 
“Just a little,” she replied, tapping her wrist to make the veins more visible. 
“It'll do no good.” 
“She almost saw me,” she continued, still tapping her flesh, still teasing the veins closer to the surface. “After freeing you from the cage, I got distracted. I blundered right out in front of her.” 
“Did she see your face?” I asked. 
“No, but only thanks to sheer luck. I can't believe I was so foolish. I'd been so good up to that point, so careful, and then that moment of stupidity almost ruined everything.” 
“Don't blame yourself,” I told her, still eyeing her veins and imagining how it would feel to feed one final time. “Everything's going according to plan so far. Well, maybe that's a slight exaggeration. The cage was an unexpected twist.” 
“It's a massive exaggeration,” she replied matter-of-factly. “I did everything that was necessary. I even managed to slip something into her pocket at the police station. I had to disguise myself as a smelly old tramp, though. That was totally gross. Now, are you going to drink from me, or not?” 
Staring at her wrist, I somehow managed to fight the urge, even as it threatened to swell again in my chest. 
“I don't need it,” I whispered. “I still have a little strength left.” 
She sighed, before taking a knife from her belt. 
“No,” I continued, “don't -” 
Before I could finish, she ran the blade diagonally across her wrist. Even before she'd set the knife down, I saw beads of blood starting to run down her flesh, and now the scent – no longer bound beneath her skin – was too tempting for me to resist. Unable to help myself, I grabbed her arm and pulled it closer, letting drops of blood fall onto my lips. I immediately felt a rush of strength, but I still held back for a few more seconds before finally dipping my fangs into her veins. 
She gasped and I felt her body become more tense, but for a few seconds all I could focus on was the need to drain her blood. 
Her blood. 
Of all the blood I had ever tasted, hers was a thousand times more potent. 
Hers was the blood I could never resist. 
She knew that. 
And she was using it against me. 
I knew I should stop drinking from her after just a couple of seconds, but instead I drank for almost a minute before pulling back. I wanted to drink more, but I suppose some faint stirring of pride made me refrain. 
“Take more,” she said urgently. 
“That was enough,” I gasped. 
“Take more!” 
I shook my head. 
“Don't be a hero, Matthias. You need it and I can spare it. Drink!” 
“You can't make me,” I replied, looking at the hood that covered her face. I waited, before looking at her wrist and seeing that along with the line she'd cut, there were now two puncture wounds. “It's a good job you're immune to the toxin after all this time,”  I continued. “This would be a really bad time for you to fall asleep.” 
“You've bitten me enough times over the years,” she pointed out, wiping her wrist. Already, the puncture wounds were starting to heal. “My body's more than used to it. It doesn't even hurt anymore, it's more just a kind of... faint tickling sensation.” 
“That's a lie,” I told her. 
“Maybe.” 
“Now you need to leave,” I told her. “You've done more than enough, and you're only going to be a distraction. You've done everything I asked and more, but we agreed that when the time approached for me to make my final stand, you'd get out of the way.” 
“I can still -” 
“You almost let her see you!” I hissed. “You said it yourself, you came close to making a huge mistake! I need to do this, but I have to be alone when it happens. You know why. You know the curse that all vampires face when we approach death. We have to be alone.” 
I waited for her to reply, but she seemed almost frozen, as if she was scared to admit that I was right. 
“We knew this day was coming,” I continued, reaching out to move the white hood aside. “We prepared for it. We promised that when it came, we'd be strong.” 
I hesitated, holding the edge of the hood, before finally moving it back to reveal her face. Despite everything I'd just told her, I felt an instant pressure in my chest, as if my heart was suddenly fuller. 
“Chloe,” I said firmly, watching as tears rolled down her cheeks. “You know you have to leave now.” 
She shook her head. 
“Yes,” I continued, “you do. Parting now doesn't change what we had before. A very wise person once told me that nothing lasts forever. I laughed at her, but now I understand that she was right. You have to get out of here.” 
She paused for a moment, before turning to me. 
“I looked so young,” she said after a moment, her voice trembling with fear. “When I almost bumped into myself in the corridor just now, I was shocked to see how...” She seemed to be struggling for the right words. “Naive, maybe. Scared. I guess I'd forgotten what it was like back then, when I was only just learning about all these things, but it all came rushing back. I wanted to warn her. Maybe to save her.” 
“You can't change what happened,” I reminded her. “You've done everything right so far, and now you only have one final task. You have to leave.” 
“But then after...” She paused again. “I've spent so long knowing what's going to happen, I forgot what it's like to face the future without that certainty. After tonight -” 
“You'll be fine,” I replied, interrupting her. 
“But what if you're...” 
Her voice trailed off. 
“You'll be fine without me,” I told her. 
She shook her head. 
“What if I go back to being like that?” she asked. “Naive, and innocent, and helpless, like the younger version of me?” 
“You won't,” I continued, leaning closer. “Not after everything we've been through. Don't you remember the first time I met you?” 
She paused, before a faint smile crossed her lips. “You were such an asshole.” 
“I was, but I changed. A lot of that was down to you. Do you really think that there are any circumstances in the whole world that could undo what happened to me after I met you?” 
“No,” she replied, sniffing back tears. 
“And it works both ways,” I continued, before realizing that I had to do the one thing I'd sworn not to do once we reached the Zieghoff Mansion. We'd already had our last kiss by then, or so we'd promised one another, but still I leaned toward her. When our lips met, I barely had any strength left, and she was sobbing. Our supposed last kiss had been far more romantic, but this kiss was more raw, more like the first time, and I let it linger for far longer than I should before, finally, I pulled back. In that moment, I knew that I would never kiss her again. 
“Now go,” I told her, realizing that time had run out. “Run, Chloe. And leave the rest to me.” 
Chapter Thirty-One 
Chloe 
  
“Do you recognize her?” a voice whispered, stirring me from darkness. “Look at her face. Tell me her name.” 
I wanted to reply, but my body still felt too slow and heavy. Even opening my eyes was too much effort, as if my blood was weighing me down. After a moment, however, I felt someone touch my chin, lifting my face a little. 
“Look,” the voice continued. “What's wrong? Are you too ashamed?” 
Again I tried to say something, but I couldn't get the words to leave my mouth. 
“Look at her!” the voice shouted suddenly, and I felt my head being tipped back. Gasping, I opened my eyes and saw a domed ceiling high above. A moment later, my head was tipped down until I found myself staring at an old, faded photo that showed a dark-haired woman. 
“I...” I began to say, although I immediately felt a harsh, dry scratching sensation in the back of my throat. 
“Say her name,” the voice sneered. Still holding the photo, Hugo leaned closer, sneering at me. I could see scraps of loose skin hanging from the thick scars that crossed his burned face. “You will say her name one final time before I wipe you from existence. Her name will be the last word that leaves your lips. And then, when you die, the whole world will re-order itself around you, and she will return to me. Why should Matthias get his way? Why should I not change reality to get what I want?” 
“I don't know who she is,” I stammered, staring at the photo. My vision was a little blurred, but I could just about make out the girl's face. “She's beautiful,” I continued. “Is she a -” 
Before I could finish, Hugo grabbed my throat and held me up. I let out a gasp as I realized that my wrists were hanging from a set of chains. 
“You dare lie to me?” he asked, leaning closer until I could smell his foul, putrid breath. “At least Klaus Zieghoff showed some pride in his crimes. The man might have been a monster, but he believed in everything he did. You, on the other hand, still want to see yourself as a saint, despite all the pain you've caused.” 
“I don't know what you're talking about,” I replied, pulling on the chains. “I swear, I don't even -” 
“Liar!” he screamed again, leaning even closer. There were tears in his eyes now, but after a moment he turned and looked over his shoulder. “Just wait a moment longer, my darling,” he continued, lowering his voice a little. “I need her to say your name first, and then I can end her life.” He turned back to me. “Can't you do it? Can't you bring yourself to say the name of the woman you killed?” 
“I never killed anyone,” I stammered, “I swear. I don't know why you -” 
“Do you hear that sound?” he asked, interrupting me as he tightened his grip on my neck. “My brother says that when fate is challenged, we can hear it screaming as it prepares to push back. He believes we can't change the events of the prophecy, but I'm going to prove him wrong. The sound you hear is the sound of fate starting to crack, and soon the time-line will be reset.” 
Hearing a faint whining, buzzing sound, I looked up and tugged on the chains again. 
“Once you're dead,” Hugo continued, “fate will have to re-order itself. Your future self will be gone, and the consequences of your crimes will vanish in the blink of an eye. Judith will be returned to me, and that's all that matters. There might be some other ripples in the world, but I'll simply take Judith away and keep her safe. Humanity can burn, if that's what it takes. As long as I get her back, I can live with the rest of the world's pain. For it is the world itself that has wronged me.” 
“I don't know what you're talking about,” I told him. “Please, you have to listen to me. You've got the wrong person. I don't know how, but somehow you and all these other people have dragged me into something that's none of my business.” 
“She has to say your name!” he screamed suddenly, turning away from me and stepping back across the room. “She has to beg you for mercy!” 
He mumbled something else under his breath, but as he shuffled toward a table by the window, it was clear that he'd lost his mind. He seemed to be imagining somebody else in the room, somebody that only he could see or hear. 
After a moment, I watched in horror as he took a dagger and turned back to me. 
“No!” I shouted. “Please, don't do this! You're wrong! You've got this all wrong!” 
“I'm simply doing what I should have done a long time ago,” he continued. “I remember the very first time I set eyes upon you, Chloe. It's hard to believe now, but I once thought we would be friends. I thought that we might help one another, that one day we'd move past the madness and we'd all be happy. But look at us now. Look what we became.” 
He stepped closer, holding the knife up. 
“I blame my brother,” he said finally. “More than anyone else, he caused this to happen. And I promise you, Chloe, that I will make him weep as he dies.” 
I tried to pull away as he placed the knife against my throat. No matter how hard I pulled on the chains, however, I was powerless to resist as I felt the blade pressing into my flesh. 
“Hugo, stop!” a voice shouted suddenly. 
Turning, I saw Matthias limping into the room, clutching his chest as if he was in pain. 
“He's too late to save you,” Hugo told me with a grin, tilting his head slightly, “but he's right on time to watch you die!” 
I tried to scream, but suddenly Hugo sliced the knife across my throat. I felt the blade tearing through my skin as hot blood burst into the back of my mouth and began spraying against the wall beside me. My scream became a loud, piercing gurgle as I pulled harder and harder against the chains, but hot blood was already running down my neck and onto my chest. 
In my ears, the piercing whistle was getting louder than before, filling my head with pain. 
“You can't change anything!” I heard Matthias shouting in the distance, as I struggled desperately to get air into my lungs. “How can you be so stupid, Hugo? The cycle of fate can't be broken!” 
“I don't care about fate!” Hugo screamed. “With Chloe gone, Judith will be returned to me! That's all that matters! Let the rest of the world burn if it must! I will not be denied!” 
“The more you fight against the prophecy,” Matthias continued, “the more you bring it about! There's nothing you can do to stop what happens next!” 
I tried again to cry out, but I was already starting to feel weak. A moment later, I felt someone unfastening the chains around my wrists, and finally I slumped down into Matthias's arms. Grabbing my throat, still desperately trying to breathe, I felt the ragged edges of the deep cut that had been carved into my flesh. Blood was flowing over my hands as Matthias lowered me to the ground, but while my throat hurt, the greater pain came from the incessant ringing in my ears. 
Nearby, Hugo was laughing hysterically, as if madness had finally shattered his mind. 
“You're going to be okay!” Matthias told me, leaning closer. “Chloe, I promise you'll be fine!” 
Unable to breathe, I tried to grab a few choking mouthfuls of air, but I felt as if my chest was about to burst. I tried to grab Matthias's shoulder and haul myself up, only to find that my legs were trembling. 
“A gift,” Matthias whispered, reaching into his coat and slipping out a small pot filled with green paste, “from a friend. From someone you met before. I borrowed some when she wasn't looking. For emergencies.” 
My whole body was shuddering now, as I felt him smearing the paste over my neck. 
“You can't turn her, Matthias!” Hugo shouted. “She's dead! Turning her won't work, because if you turn her, then you're the one who changes history! She wasn't a vampire before, so she can't be now!” 
“Breathe,” Matthias whispered. “Chloe, please... Just breathe...” 
I tried, but my throat was still filled with blood. After a moment, however, I realized that the tightening sensation in my chest was easing slightly. Swallowing the blood, I managed to get a large, hawking breath into my lungs, and I immediately started coughing. It was impossible to believe that Antoinette's paste could have saved me yet again, but all that mattered for the moment was that I could breathe. 
Nearby, Hugo was still ranting. 
“You have to get out of here, Chloe,” Matthias continued. “Vampires die in flames. Lots of flames. If you're within thirty or forty feet of me, you'll be incinerated.” 
“What have you done?” Hugo yelled, shuffling closer. “You can't do this! She has to die, or everything will stay the same! The world can't stay like this! I want Judith back!” 
“I have to end this now,” Matthias muttered, leaning down and almost kissing my forehead, before lowering me to the floor. “He's my brother. This is my fault. I can only put it right by ensuring that his madness ends tonight.” 
I clutched my throat and rolled onto my side, still trying to get my breath back, but already the paste seemed to have done its work and my flesh was knitting back together. Turning, I saw that Matthias was slowly limping toward Hugo, who in turn was staring at me with an expression of pure horror. 
“She can't live!” Hugo sneered, trying to push past Matthias, only to be held back as his brother placed a hand on his chest. “You know what she'll do!” 
“She didn't kill Judith,” Matthias told him firmly. “You know that, Hugo, if you really try to ignore the madness. You know who's really responsible for Judith's death.” 
“She has to die!” Hugo shouted, lunging at me. 
Getting to my feet, I pulled away, just as Matthias grabbed his brother and twisted him around. 
“Run!” Matthias yelled at me. “Get clear of the building or -” 
Suddenly letting out a cry of pain, he dropped to his knees, while reaching out and keeping hold of Hugo. 
“I can't let you live,” Hugo continued, slipping free of Matthias's grip and stepping toward me. “I'd already realized that before I suffered this breakdown, Chloe. It's the one thing I've known ever since Judith died. Killing you means that everything gets reset. It means I get another chance. I don't know what the world will be like once I've changed history, but it has to be better than this!” 
Backing away from him, I was about to turn and run when I saw that Matthias's body was starting to smolder, as if he was burning. Within seconds, flames began to ripple across his coat, and when he looked at me I saw that his skin was beginning to char as his eyes reddened. 
“Run!” he screamed, his voice sounding contorted and pained. “Chloe -” 
Before he could finish, flames burst from his body. I had to cover my eyes as the light flared and filled the room, and I briefly saw Hugo silhouetted against the inferno before he, too, seemed to be absorbed by the fire. Feeling a wall of heat rushing toward me, I turned and hurried toward the door, desperate to get out of the mansion. Reaching the next corridor, I realized the floor was starting to shudder, and when I looked down I realized that the soles of my shoes were starting to burn, as if the entire building was getting too hot. 
Turning, I saw that the air in the corridor was shimmering, and that a wall of flame was bursting from the nearest door. 
“Get out of here!” I heard Matthias's voice screaming in my thoughts. “Chloe, you have to -” 
Before he could finish, his voice flared and became a brief, pure howl of pain, before vanishing from my mind entirely. 
As the flames rippled toward me, I turned and ran toward the top of the stairs. I could feel the entire house shaking, as if the fire was shaking the walls apart. I reached the stairs and began to make my way down, but seconds later a vast wall of heat slammed into me from behind, engulfing me completely as I was sent tumbling down to the floor below. 
At the last moment, I hit my head on the step at the bottom. All I could do was scream as I felt the flames ripple across my body, and then finally the entire mansion collapsed on top of me and everything went black. 
Chapter Thirty-Two 
Matthias 
  
She was gone.
The last thing I felt was that Chloe had gone. If I was right, she'd have gone back to the beginning. She'd emerge in the heart of war, and she'd start to understand her place in the prophecy. The cycle of fate would be confirmed, and there'd be nothing that anyone could ever do to stop that. Not even my brother. 
And then, in the blink of an eye, oblivion swallowed me whole and I turned to face Death. 
He was laughing. 
Chapter Thirty-Three 
Chloe 
  
When I opened my eyes, I found myself staring down at the bright, intricate pattern of an ornamental carpet. 
I was on my hands and knees, tense and poised to run again, but the heat and flames were gone. I waited, not daring to move, but after a moment I heard a faint gasp from nearby, followed by a slow creak from the other direction. Staring down at my hands, I saw that they weren't burned at all, even though the last thing I remembered was being engulfed by flames. 
Behind me, there was a brief, faint bumping sound. 
All I heard after that was silence, but after a moment I realized that this was a very particular type of silence. It wasn't the silence of an empty room, of a space where there's nobody else. It was the silence of a room where people were waiting for something to happen. 
Slowly, I looked up and saw that there were candles burning in front of me. When I turned, I found that there were more candles all around, and that I was in some kind of circle. I could just about make out dark figures beyond the candles, their faces flickering in the gloom as they watched me. 
A moment later, I heard someone muttering something in a language I didn't quite understand. 
Not French. 
German. 
Slowly sitting up, I opened my mouth to ask where I was, but as my eyes adjusted to the low light I realized that I recognized the room. I was still in the mansion's main hall, but something seemed very different. There was far more furniture around, and when I looked up at the nearest wall, I saw that the huge painting of Klaus Zieghoff was in much better condition, as if it had been magically restored in the space of a few seconds. 
Suddenly I turned as I heard someone clearing his throat in the darkness, followed by the sound of a chair creaking. 
My eyes widened as I saw a figure stepping closer. As he reached the candles, I was able to make out his silhouette, and it was clear that he was wearing some kind of uniform. 
Someone nearby said something in German. It sounded like  a question. 
Someone else seemed to reply. 
Suddenly the dark figure barked an order, and silence fell.
“I...” Taking a deep breath, I realized that I need to say something. Anything. 
“I don't quite know where I am...” I stammered, feeling as if my head was swimming slightly, “but... My name is Chloe Carter. Are you...” 
I waited, watching the dark, silhouetted figure. 
“What happened?” I asked. “How did I end up here? Where did you all come from?” 
Suddenly the figure took a step forward, and the lights of the flickering candles illuminated his face and chest. The first thing I noticed was that he was wearing a military uniform with a Nazi swastika on the lapel. 
The second thing I noticed was that he looked exactly like the man in the painting. Like Klaus Zieghoff. 
“Well,” he said, speaking English with a thick German accent as he slipped between the candles and stopped in front of me. He paused for a moment, before breaking into a broad grin. “Ladies and gentlemen, our efforts seem to have paid off. I promised you that our investigations into the occult would pay off, and here is the result. It looks like we've caught ourselves a real live witch.” 
Epilogue 
Chloe 
  
Many years from now... 
  
I sat in silence, waiting for Harriet to say something, but she simply stared at me with a rather bemused expression. 
“It's okay,” I said finally, with a knowing smile, “you don't believe a word of anything I just told you, and I'm not surprised. It must sound like an old woman's fantasy.” I took a deep breath and reached for a glass of water. “It's getting late and I'm starting to feel tired.” 
I began to arrange my pillows. 
“Forget everything I told you,” I continued. “Put the fire out as you go, please. And close the window. It's clear that he's not coming tonight.” 
I forced another smile, trying to hide my disappointment. 
“I believe you,” Harriet said suddenly. 
I furrowed my brow. 
“I do,” she continued. “You're not a liar, Gran, and I've always known that you went through some crazy stuff. Just because Mum thinks you're nuts, that doesn't mean I'm the same.” She paused. “So you went back in time and got accused of being a witch. By a Nazi. In occupied France. What happened next?” 
I opened my mouth to tell her not to humor me, but at the last moment I realized that she was serious. My smart, funny, intelligent grand-daughter actually believed what I'd told her. I was so used to people dismissing my claims, it took a moment to realize that she truly wanted to know the rest. 
“I mean,” she added, “obviously you survived, because you're here now. But how did you survive?” 
“You really want to know?” I replied. 
“Are you kidding? I'm into family history anyway, and this is like family history on steroids.” She pauses. “Wait, I have so many questions. Did you end up traveling back to the future quickly, or were you stuck there for ages? How did you save Matthias? How did you know his thoughts? It's like I was really seeing the story through your eyes, but then sometimes I was seeing it through his too, which doesn't make sense! But he's alive now, isn't he? Somehow? And why was he dying in the first place? What was that tramp all about? What did she put in your pocket? Did you fight any Nazis? Did you change history?” She leaned toward me. “What about that white robe? Why was a future version of you wearing something like that?” 
I couldn't help but smile. 
“It's complicated,” I explained. “I have to tell you the story in the proper order.” 
I waited for a reply, but now she seemed troubled by something. 
“Gran,” she said finally, sounding worried, “what about that Judith woman? It's not true, what Hugo said, is it? I know you, you're a good person. You didn't kill her.” She paused. “Did you?” 
I opened my mouth to say something, but the words stuck in my throat. How could I give her so many answers, all at once? How could I even begin to tell her about Judith? 
“To tell you the truth,” I replied finally, trying to be a little evasive, “that's a lot of questions all at one go.” 
I hesitated for a moment, before realizing just how much I still had to tell her. All about Matthias and Hugo, and about Zieghoff, and about so many other people. 
“Would you mind terribly if I resumed the story tomorrow night?” I ask finally. “I really am tired, and I simply don't have the energy to go through it all right now.” 
“You can't expect me to sleep after what you just told me!” she exclaimed. “I've got school tomorrow! How can I focus on anything if you don't tell me how it all ended?” 
“You'll be fine,” I replied. “When you get home tomorrow, come up here and I'll pick up the story. I'll also have a root around in some boxes and see if I can find any of the little items that I saved.” 
Sighing, she got to her feet. 
“I'm going to go and do some research online,” she told me. “I'm going to find out as much as I can about that Zieghoff guy. He sounds like a real nutcase.” 
“Be careful,” I replied, feeling a flicker of anger at the thought of everything that man did. “Some of the stories you uncover might upset you. Some of the photos, too. You're a smart girl, Harriet, but I don't think you comprehend the depths of the evil in this world.” 
“I'll be fine,” she said, as she helped me get settled for the night. Once she was done, she stepped back and stared at me for a moment, with a hint of tears in her eyes. “I can't believe all the things that happened to you. I mean, I do believe it. I'm not like Mum, I believe every word. But the fact that you survived, and you made it to today, just seems insane.” 
“It does, doesn't it?” I replied. “Now go and get some sleep. Don't stay up too late on that computer.” 
She turned and headed to the door, but then – as she was about to pull it shut and leave me alone with my thoughts for the night – she hesitated. 
“Wait,” she said cautiously, “I just realized... When you sit up waiting at the window each night, it is Matthias you're waiting for, isn't it? It's not that Hugo creep, is it?” 
“We'll talk some more tomorrow.” 
“But it's definitely Matthias, right? Please, Gran, you have to at least tell me that. Promise me that it's Matthias you're waiting for.” 
“All will become clear,” I told her. “We'll talk again tomorrow. Now go to bed. Please. I have no easy answers for you. I have to tell you what happened in the proper order, and that's going to take time.” 
“Man, this is so not fair,” she muttered as she shut the door, and I could hear her grumbling to herself as she headed to her room. 
Leaning back on the bed, I had reason to be thankful that Harriet actually accepted that my claims were true. My own daughter had always been resistant to the idea, refusing to listen, and I'd come to the conclusion that I would never get to tell anybody what really happened. Now, out of nowhere, Harriet had asked to hear it all, and I could only pray that I'd be able tell her before I ran out of time. As I lay on the bed, I turned and looked toward the window, and I once again felt absolutely certain that he would be coming soon. I could feel it in my bones, and in my heart. 
Finally, realizing that I had no chance of sleeping, I rose awkwardly and with pain from the bed, and I shuffled across the room. Reaching the window, I drew the latch across. I hesitated for a moment and then I pulled the window open, and I immediately felt the wind ruffling my hair and my night-dress. As I looked out across the streets of Paris, I saw the beautiful glittering lights beneath a magnificent, starry sky. I saw the city that I have loved all these years, ever since I moved here. I saw love and hope, but after a moment I also saw darkness. I felt him watching me. I felt him coming closer. I felt him preparing for the moment. Not tonight. Perhaps tomorrow, or the next day. Definitely soon. 
And I knew that, when he arrived, I would draw my final breath.
Also available

The Vampire Burns
(Three Nights of the Vampire book 2)

Trapped in Second World War Paris, Chloe Carter desperately tries to find the vampires who caused her to be sent back in time. She soon discovers, however, that vampires are the least of her problems.

Captured by occupying forces and accused of being a witch, Chloe is quickly led to the dungeon of a torturer. There, she's forced to tell the truth about how she ended up in war-torn Paris. Meanwhile, brothers Matthias and Hugo Bane are also in Paris, as Matthias recovers from a devastating injury that left him close to death. Will they discover Chloe in time, and will Matthias finally break his rule about never getting involved with the lives of humans?

The Vampire Burns is the second book in the Three Nights of the Vampire trilogy. Readers are advised to start with the first book. This book ends on a cliffhanger, which is continued in the third and final book in the series.

The Vampire Rises
(Three Nights of the Vampire book 3)

The Three Nights of the Vampire trilogy comes to an epic conclusion as worlds collide, secrets are unearthed, and destinies are revealed.

Still trapped in the past, Chloe Carter sets out to locate Matthias. She soon discovers him hiding in a monastery, but can she persuade him to join the fight?

Meanwhile, Hugo and Judith are in London, where they hope to learn more about the mysterious ring that sent Chloe back in time in the first place. The more they discover, however, the more they begin to realize that they're caught up in something that threatens the fate of the entire world. Powerful forces will stop at nothing to gain possession of the ring, even if they have to unleash a terrible tragedy in the process.

The Vampire Rises is the third and final book in the Three Nights of the Vampire series. Readers are advised to begin with the first book. 
