THE JINNI AND THE ISEKAI
THE JINNI AND THE ISEKAI
Book One
Lawrence Caldwell

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Copyright © Lawrence Caldwell, 2021

Look for These Other Titles by Lawrence Caldwell

AEVALIN AND THE AGE OF READVENTURE
Klause Schuar, the Grand Bastard
Trials on the Isle of Morr
Knight of Aevalin
Errant Adventurer
Kingdom of the Blue Dragon

THE JINNI AND THE ISEKAI
The Jinni and the Isekai
The Black Cobra of Mar’a Thul
Coil and Strike
The Sultan of Darshuun
Sultan’s Legacy


ANARCHO
Fracture Rating
Hussy
Landfill Lich
Rescue Operation
Dreams of Forever

THE PRINCESS AND THE MAGICIAN
The Wind Steppe Princess and the Amalfi Magician

OTHER TITLES
Wakiagau
Haven
Teisatsusha
Blackwood Company
Littlehand Hakuria
Attack on the Spire Keep
The Reconnoiters
Skydrift
Acheron

“You really enjoy telling me what to do, don't you?”—Dastan

Prologue—Isekai
Shiro Takeda had come to the house to kill the samurai Waraba Hito who had insulted his honor by calling his family poor dogs who served a traitor.
The duel had been going well, Takeda clearly having an advantage over the other man because of age. At only thirty-four, he had far more stamina than the fifty-six-year-old. But now the other samurai’s skills were showing.
Rain poured down atop the machiya townhouse, tapping the tiles on the roof and splashing on the ground beneath the eves.
Thunder cracked.
Shiro held his katana high in a ready pose to strike in either attack or defense. Waraba-san kept his blade low, angled at forty-five degrees, his grip low to his waist.
There had been a pause. Both warriors stood still, regarding the other.
And then they screamed, rushed forward and blades flashed.
After crossing the other samurai’s path, Shiro spun on his heel, his blade ready for another quick flurry. The pain on his left hip stung like a yōkai curse, but he ignored it completely. He had taken a strike, albeit, a shallow slash that did little terrible damage—only superficially wounding him. 
That did not mean that his blood was not flowing. The wound would not slow him.
“This,” the older man said, his tone scratchy and old, “is where you end, boy.”
Shiro narrowed his eyes, feeling both outrage and also something deep down telling him the old samurai wasn’t simply bringing bravado to this duel. He would end Takeda Shiro here, now on this evening.
The young samurai did not fear his imminent death.
The old man made a face, screamed.
Shiro screamed.
They lunged toward one another, the old man raising his blade for a death strike, Shiro angling to parry his blade, but then something happened.
Something strange.
The world suddenly folded in on itself. Shiro spun. At least he thought he spun. The acute sense of vertigo travelled through his body.
He was falling?
And then he hit ground, grunted with the force of the blow as his shoulder impacted first, taking most of his weight.
Shaking his head, he leaned up, looked back and forth quickly.
What is this?
Getting up, he felt the air was warm, dry. The sky was gold-orange, and the machiya was nowhere. Waraba Hito was nowhere.
There were no hills—no trees and no rain. Just this… this desert, the skyline visible in every direction.
“Kuso,” he muttered, cursing this strange turn of events.
What had happened to him just now? One moment he was—he was dueling Waraba Hito for his honor, and then he landed here!
Here!
Shiro looked down at the ground. Rocky. Dusty. A dry desert.
By the kami, he thought. Did the old man send him here? Does he have these powers? No, that hadn’t been it. The old man had been in mid strike with his blade. He had not reached into his kimono for a hidden magical item.
Looking at his hands, and the sword hilt therein, he realized he didn’t even have his sheath. His waraji sandals had bent put aside for better mobility for their fight.
Barefooted and naked blade in hand, Shiro cursed again. “Kuso!”

Chapter One—The Bazar of Atoulia
It was market day and the bazar of the city Atoulia was packed with local townsfolk, municipal farmers and travelers from out of town. Both humans and demi-humans alike roamed the streets, buying, selling and haggling in the early morning heat.
The sun had crested the desert dunes on the river Yara only hours before and already the heat was making Shiro’s back itch. Thankfully he had never needed to get used to this much drier heat.
The heat of his homeland had been almost wet. In the summers, it was cloying and sometimes difficult to breath. 
The stranded and deeply indebted samurai did not miss it in the least. But he still wanted to find his way home.
With the headsmen hunting him—Shiro had had a run in with them thirty leagues to the south in the tiny valley oasis of Oshir—he needed to make some money, and fast.
With the loot bags he had just purchased, he shouldered his way through the crowds. The meat sellers, with their sizzling kebabs made his stomach grumble. Shiro was so poor right now, he had spent the last of his money on these bags. But they were good bags, leather, stitched well. They would last and do quite well for whatever they found.
There would be loot. There had to be, or he was finished.
Ali wasn’t the most reliable of partners—and it was said by some that he was unreliable and untrustworthy, but what did the herb smokers know of adventuring in dungeons?
Ali was waiting for him on the edge of town near the river. They had provisioned fresh camels for the trip and many jugs of water and some dried meet.
They would head out into the desert, through the Valley of Knives and to the dungeon, of which only they knew where it was.
Shiro felt the inner pocket of his leather vest, checking to make sure his half of the map was still intact. He had been so nervous he would lose it, constantly checking it dozens of times daily.
Hopefully that crazy old man who sold it to us wasn’t running a scam.
“Yes, yes,” he had said, nodding vigorously with a mouth of mostly missing teeth. “Legendary loot!”
“Regendary loot?”
“Yes! Legendary!”
He had purchased the map and split it in two with Ali’s wavy blade.
Now, walking through the dusty, sweaty bazar and looking over his shoulder—he did that a lot these days, what with the headsmen after him for his inability to pay back his loans—he strode off the pal treed thoroughfare of sand stone structures, awnings and stalls, and cut his way down a quiet side street.
A woman from above yelled at him, then dumped something out her window.
Shiro stepped to the side, dodging the chamber pot contents. “Watch out!”
“No, you watch out, foreigner!” she growled and shook a fist. “Infidel!”
The rudeness of these barbarians was hard to get used to, even after being in these lands—through no action of his own!—a year. Had she been a man, Shiro would challenge him to a duel here on this walk!
The young samurai came to his business partner at the edge of the river. In the distance, some women were scrubbing laundry atop the rocks, their children there to help as they laid the clothes out on the green grass to dry in the hot sun.
He had said he would meet Shiro in the bazar, and he never showed up. Oh, did he like the punctuality of his countrymen from his own lands.
And of course, he found Ali, lying down against a palm tree, his leg propped up on one knee and his arms behind his head. He chewed on a wheat grass twig, the seed pod bouncing about. “Ah,” he said, smiling largely. “There you are, my good adventurer friend.” He got up. “And I see you procured our loot bags, haha! Wonderful!”
“Yes,” Shiro muttered.
“Come now,” Ali said, scratching the black stubble of his beard just below his turban. “Don’t be so dour my friend.” He put his arm around Shiro’s shoulders.
It was far too hot for this nonsense as Ali guided his eyes off into the hills, “By the gods! Legendary loot awaits us!”
Shiro hummed thoughtfully to himself, nodded. 
“See? See! We have every reason to be cheerful—so smile.”
The nature of his partner made him sniff with mild amusement, and he shook his head as Ali clasped his hands together.
“Two bags,” Shiro said, sliding one of them off his shoulder and handed it to the other man, who has his jacket undone, his shaven chest completely visible.
Even Shiro wore the low neckline vest that so many men preferred to wear in this region, but he didn’t parade about with it open.
Ali needed a bath. “Now,” he said, tucking his bag onto his camel. “We ride to our destination. Do you have your half of the map?”
“Hai.”
“Then bring it forth and let us divine our path once more to be sure.”
Shiro did just that, and the two men set off toward the dungeon, called by the map by the name Akarilion.

Chapter Two—Valley of Knives
For its name, it seemed a good description, Shiro thought, as the rocks in this valley were strange jagged things, sharp—like knives.
Shiro’s camel groaned and he patted her on the neck.
Ali turned, regarded him. 
“Nani?”
“Why do you do that?”
“Do what?”
He scratched the back of his neck. “Talk in the words of your homeland.”
Shiro frowned. He didn’t really think about it very much.
“In any event,” Ali continued, “we should be turning up that mountain when a path presents itself.”
Shiro looked about as a gust of desert wind pushed some dust along the road. He lifted his face covering to keep the sand from going into his mouth. “What makes you think a path will ‘present itself’?”
Ali leaned a bit, then threw out his arms in a shrug and laughed. “I have no idea! But I am certain we will find this Akarilion dungeon. Have a little faith, my friend. Was it not I who had convinced you of that toothless old man’s veracity?”
“This veracity you speak of,” Shiro said, pausing for a moment. “It still remains to be proven.”
“Ha! And it shall be in due—“ Ali leaned forward, then glanced back at Shiro. “Look!”
There was a dead horse in the road, a woman sitting next to it. She got up, waved and screamed for help.
“What is this?” Shiro asked?
Why would she be out here?
“Hmm,” Ali said. “I don’t like this.”
“Why not?”
“Trap!” he said loudly. “It’s probably a trap, my infidel friend.”
“You asked me why I use the language of my homeland,” Shiro said. “Now I want to ask you a question.”
“What is it?”
They didn’t stop their camels.
“Why do you call me infidel?”
Ali laughed. “Because you don’t worship the true gods, my friend.”
“How do you know?”
“I haven’t seen you praying to them.”
“No,” Shiro said, correcting the other man. “How do you know my gods are not the true gods.”
“Because they aren’t!”
“Yes, but how do you know?”
Shiro was not one to argue theology. He was genuinely interested, and up to this point, had never asked this question of the local peoples of these lands. But since he and Ali were partners—and Ali not being the type to become offended—he had decided to ask.
“I have faith!”
Shiro raised an eyebrow. That was hardly an argument.
“Listen,” Ali said. “My gods provide my people with magic, with special gifts. If that’s not proof, what is?”
Shiro shrugged, his attention distracted by the screaming woman waving her arms.
“We have to pass through this valley,” Ali said loudly, gesturing impatiently. “Her fellows are behind the rocks. They will try to rob us. You will see.”
Ali said the words as if he were merely commenting on the quality of a good beverage. Shiro pulled out his scimitar, just in case. Ali saw him, said, “A wise, wise man you are, my friend. This is why I bring you along, eh?”
“You are not bringing me along,” Shiro insisted. “We are equal partners.”
“That’s what I said.”
“No it’s not.”
Ali didn’t answer him, instead he stopped his camel, slid off the seat. He did not wave his scimitar threateningly, he did so flippantly, gesturing at the woman. “Move along. We know your friends are behind the rocks.”
“What?” the woman said, evidentially confused. She wore body-covering garments and a shawl to protect herself from the sun. “I need help,” she said, gesturing to her dead mount. “My horse died. I am nearly out of water.”
“Ha!” Ali scoffed.
“Ali,” Shiro said. “Are you certain of this? She looks like she needs help.” Shiro got off his camel and walked forward.
Ali put out a warding hand. “Be careful, my friend. They’re just there.” He pointed.
How does he know?
Shiro saw nothing. “There is no one.”
“I tell you, they are there, aren’t they?” he asked the woman.
“What? No.”
“Aren’t they?”
“No!” she insisted. “There is no one. I am alone.”
“No, no, they’re there. Come out!”
The woman flung her arms frustrated. “Fine!”
Then three men came out from behind the rocks wearing lose black trousers and long sleeves and turbans that covered their faces completely. One held a scimitar loosely in one hand, another a spear and the third had a short bow with an arrow nocked.
“You see!” Ali exclaimed. “Did I not tell you, my friend?” He nodded vigorously, clearly frustrated, but to Shiro, despite the danger of this situation thought Ali was a funny man when frustrated, even difficult to take seriously at times.
“Turn away from this dishonorable path,” Shiro said.
“You should listen to my friend,” Ali added flippantly. 
The woman laughed. “Turn around and walk away and we might let you live.”
Ali sighed. “Then come!” he nodded, “Come—come!” he insisted, spreading his legs in a fighting position, his voluminous white trousers fluttering in the breeze.

Chapter Three—Ambush
The woman backed away as the two men came forward. Shiro took note of the bowman making his way up the incline to get a better position to loose shafts on them.
The spearman came in with quick, deft moves, but he was sloppy. Shiro batted the spearhead away, went in for a quick strike, but the man was careful not let Shiro too close to him.
At the same time, Ali began taunting his opponent and Shiro heard their swords clash, but didn’t turn to look.
The bowman on the lifted his weapon and loosed a shaft, but Shiro sidestepped and sliced the arrow in two. His deft skills made the spearman take pause, but he didn’t stop his attack.
Suddenly Ali appeared behind him and sunk his scimitar into the man’s shoulder. He cried out, and fell.
“Look out!” Shiro called, raising his sword defensively against a second shaft, but it went toward Ali instead. He dodged the projectile easily by rolling over his shoulder on the dirt road.
That was the bowman’s last attempt as he turned and ran for the hills. Shiro looked after the woman and the other swordsman who were also running.
“Come back and fight, eh?!” Ali shouted as he picked up rocks and hurled them at the fleeing bandits. The bandit he had struck in the shoulder was dead, blood pooling into the sand.
They had believed the two men easy targets since they were four and Ali and Shiro only two. But they had been gravely mistaken.
Shiro stalked up to the dead horse the woman had been sitting by. There were no packs, not even a saddle.
“Yes,” Ali said, gesturing toward the dead animal with his bloody scimitar. “Not their horse. Probably killed when they attacked and robbed other travelers. “This is their spot.”
He turned and screamed some oaths into the wind but Shiro didn’t understand them.
“This is no matter,” Shiro said. “Akarilion is close, yes?”
Ali turned, nodded and went to the dead man. He took the turban off the corpse and used it to wipe his half rusted sword.
Shiro turned away from the sight of the dead man. He didn’t like looking at such things, even though he sometimes was the cause of them.
“That was rather fun,” Ali said, standing.
Shiro only made a noncommittal noise of  disagreement as he walked back to his camel. 
“Let us be off, then.”
“Shouldn’t we wait?” Shiro asked. “They could follow us.”
“Ha!” Ali scoffed. “Them? They’re probably still running”—he turned in the direction they had fled—“BACK TO YOUR MOTHERS!” He laughed.
Ali was a very flippant man. An arrogant man. Sometimes it bothered Shiro. But he let the matter rest. They had been ambushed and they had dealt with the problem. Ali had handled himself quite well, Shiro thought. His skills are more deft than I gave him credit for.
Ali nodded. “Eh?” His gesture was that of impatience, as if he had proven Shiro wrong on some point. 
Shiro said nothing. They continued on the road, looking for the path the map indicated. It wasn’t so much a path as it was a landmark. A rock, founded on one side, probably from the wind, and jagged on the other. Perhaps that shape had come to be because the rock broke apart at one time?
What if the rock has broken again?
If he could not pay off his debs soon, Shiro might not be able to find work in this region. So far, it has been a good place. There was far worse lands—lands at war, desolate wastes.
Places where they killed foreigners as soon as saw them.
Or the peoples in some areas simply did not speak the language. Shiro’s own skills in these lands when speaking were quite poor, but he had learned a great deal.
The dungeons were the best way to make money for him, as he did not want to take the mercenary’s path.
It was one of dishonor.
“Is that the rock?” Ali asked, pointing?
Shiro regarded the landmark. He couldn’t say, but there was a certain resemblance. 
“Let’s get closer.”
Ali nodded.

Chapter Four—Final Piece
It was certainly the rock depicted on the map. The next marker was a dip in the mountains on the horizon. Before going to the next one, the two men stopped and had some water, then pressed on, navigating the roads and the passes with their camels.
The sun was hot, but they kept cool by wetting their head cloths and resting during the hottest parts of the day.
Shiro had seen other dungeons before, raided them, killed the monsters and avoided the traps. He was an experienced adventurer. There were guild houses that paid for the various kinds of loot, both organic and item-related alike.
The good thing about dungeons, or the bad thing depending on who you asked, was that they regenerated. The only way to destroy a live dungeon or a magical dungeon was to find the core and rip it out.
The cores were often hidden, hard to find, and guarded.
“Why does no one know about this dungeon?” Shiro asked as they came into the high pass between two rocky mountains.
“There’s a map,” Ali said, taking a sip of his water, “Because it’s hidden.”
“I know.” 
“There’s something there someone wants to keep secret. The old man said there was legendary loot.”
“Do you think the guild houses here will have the coin to pay us for such an item?”
Ali shrugged. “It doesn’t matter. If they can’t pay us, we’ll go somewhere else until we find a buyer.”
In these lands settlements and small kingdoms dotted the hills and mountains. None of them were particularly large. It was quite provincial.
“Now,” Ali said, taking his half of the monster-velum map and slapping it atop a rock, “Let us combine the map again to find the next landmark.”
Shiro unrolled his portion and put it next to Ali’s. The images came together. On the map, there was an expanse of desert wasteland, but according to what had been put there, an oasis existed—one not previously discovered.
This is the old man’s drawings.
Perhaps it was new, come into being from the dungeon itself?
When magic was involved it was best not to question the intent of whatever gods put it there. Such powers could make water holes appear, trees grow within days, natural dungeons fester like diseases that spawned monsters.
Shiro was curious about the dungeon. The map only showed a geometrical drawing, as if the dungeon consisted of nothing more than a structure.
He frowned. “Perhaps it is not a dungeon?”
“What do you mean?”
“Look,” he said, fingering the map. “It could be a tomb.”
“Or a dungeon tomb.” He got up and checked his packs. “I have enough water for four more days.”
They had been traveling for a day already. Shiro checked his water and food stores. He had eight large water skins left. About the same as Ali.
“If we had more money,” he said, “we could afford enchanted water containers that hold enough liquid to last us a month.”
Shiro nodded. “Maybe after, we will have enough money to buy these containers.”
Ali smiled. “It’s in the hands of the gods!”
“No,” Shiro said. “I have my sword.”
“Ha!”
They looked at the map some more, guessing at the length of the journey. It was about three days away. 
“We can refill our water when we arrive.”
“What if there is no oasis? No water.”
Ali chuckled. “Do you want to wait? We know not whether other adventurers are on their way as we speak!”
Shiro shook his head. Dungeons were so rife there weren’t enough adventurers to explore them. “I do not think so.”
“Have some faith, my infidel friend.”
“Me? You’re the one who said someone else might raid the dungeon first,” Shiro countered. “I think you need the faith.”
Ali chuckled.
It took some convincing, but with expert headsmen on Shiro’s trail, he didn’t need to be pushed very hard to agree to something so reckless as traveling with limited water stores into a desert wasteland.
And besides… Ali was experienced in these things. He was a natural survivalist. He could find water in the ground if they had need.
Or so he said…
And so the two adventurers set off into the desert making for the oasis.

Chapter Five—Oasis
Shiro poured the last of his water, squeezing the skin for the few drops that were left. Ali looked at him, his face one of wanting. 
The fool had already drunk all his water.
“Soon,” he said. “The oasis will be in sight.”
They couldn’t turn back now. They would never make it out of the desert. This was a fool’s errand. Why had he allowed Ali to convince him to come out here?
As a last result, they could kill their camels. That would give them another day or so. Shiro grunted.
“Any time,” Ali repeated. “We just”—he motioned forward with his hand—“keep pushing forward. “The old man won’t let us down. Have faith, my friend.”
“Ali?”
“What is it?”
“Do you know why you ran out of water before me?”
Ali seemed to think about it for a moment. “Because I love life and I’m a thirstier man than you?”
“No,” Shiro said plainly, not feeling the amusement of Ali’s joke. Not in this situation.
“Then perhaps it is because I am a larger man than you. I need more liquid to sustain myself.”
“No,” Shiro repeated. “It’s because you talk too much.”
A serous look crossed Ali’s face, but then it quickly flicked away and he laughed so hard he smacked his camel with his hand. She groaned and he apologized to the animal.
Pointing, and waving his finger, he said, “Yes, you are right. You are absolutely right, my friend!”
There was a pause between the two men.
Ali stared on.
“Well, if we keep walking, we might reach the oasis in a day. But…”
Shiro looked at his camel. She was fine in this hot weather without water. The creatures could go days without water.
“Oh no,” Ali said.
Now what was it?
“I think… Shiro, I think I am seeing something. You should have shared your water with me, you ingrate.”
His suffering almost made Shiro feel a bit better, if for the only reason that he got some tiny bit of satisfaction—of revenge—for the other man’s incessant chatting and annoyingly bright outlook.
Shiro’s heart started beating faster when he saw it. A blur in the shimmer off the horizon. “No,” he said. He shielded his eyes from the sun. “No, I think I see something as well.”
“Oh!” Ali exclaimed. “Let it not be a rock or an old tree—here to trick us into relief that we’re saved.”
Shiro glanced toward the other man, annoyed.
“What?”
“Shut up! You will bring evil tidings on us.”
“Ha! You’re right. Then let’s press on!”
He heeled his camel and she groaned, but picked up pace against her will. Shiro did the same to his animal. He didn’t kick her, but certainly gave her a good nudge with his heels.
Ali was always more aggressive with his beast. 
After a time, it was clear that what they were seeing was in fact, hills and green trees! 
We are saved, Shiro thought.
“I’m going to drink the whole oasis away. Eat all my food, hunt, and eat more until my belly is round.”
Shiro just wanted some water, to find that dungeon and make some money. Perhaps he would be able to pay off his debs and keep some for himself. After splitting both ways, that was unlikely.
The trees became more and more visible, the oasis situated at the base of some hills, those hills breaking to form a rocky ravine where a shallow river slowed from the mountains.
The trees were plenty, growing large armored fruits called turtle nuts. At the height of the rocky ravine, a waterfall was clearly visible.
“YES! THE GODS HAVE SEEN TO OUR PLIGHTS!” Ali screamed, taking his camel directly into the shallow water, sliding off and falling in. No sooner had he surfaced did he begin to drink the water.
Shiro watched him, shook his head and dismounted. His camel bent her neck down and began to slurp up water. Shiro took his water skin and filled it up.
Glancing about as Ali drank, coughed and proclaimed the gods were watching over them, Shiro remembered what that map had shown. 
The entrance to the dungeon was behind the waterfall.
He lifted his skin and drank deeply.

Chapter Six—Naked Blade
One Year Ago
He had walked for two days. Not a soul in sight, until finally he came to a crusty little farm village. Without the energy to look for water, Shiro dragged his cracked and bleeding feet. One foot… two… one… two…
Civil—li—zation!
With no water for so long, he couldn’t think straight. At first he had resolved himself to travel only at night after finding a rocky outcropping with some shade, but quickly realized that even there, without water, he wouldn’t last long enough to travel only when the sun was down.
With each step, he nearly collapsed. His hand was locked on his katana hilt. He would die before parting with the blade. Daimyō Karage-sama had commissioned the sword for him in Shiro’s honor for saving his daughter from a bandit attack.
The structures were ahead. Sandy-looking brick buildings with round roofs—a style he had never seen before.
He was truly far from his homeland.
There was a figure. A woman? She moved quickly, rearranged something on the ground near the structure. They looked like baskets and clay pots.
“Water,” he said, but no sound came out of his mouth.
Pressing forward, Shiro’s heart began to beat faster. He was saved. Was he not?
A voice.
Where?
To his left? He turned his head. The action felt like it took colossal strength, as if he were a stone statue attempting to turn a neck made of baked clay. His neck burned, felt like cracked leather.
Someone was there. A girl?
She pointed, yelled something, and a man came up to her and took her away. 
“Help,” he mouthed, still no sound coming out of his parched lips. His tongue was completely dry. Had he sucked on a piece of cloth, the fabric would come back without any saliva upon it.
His eyes. He could hardly blink. They felt like he had washed his face with hot sand. Perhaps sand was in his eyes now?
Forward…
“Help.”
Was he saying something? Was there even sound coming out of his mouth? His head hurt too much to know.
The world swayed.
There was chattering as the farm folk came to him, surrounding him. A person approached. Another woman, wearing strange garments and a head covering.
She held out an urn. Shiro moved to grab the vessel, to bring the water to his lips. But his arms…
They wouldn’t obey him.
He moved his lips to speak, but couldn’t think of the words. He needed that urn. But would he drop his sword? 
Iie!
No, he couldn’t drop his sword. He continued to attempt speaking. “Water.” 
They touched him, took him by the arm and moved him toward the structure he had seen the woman working near. It felt like ages, but they finally got him next to something.
Did they want him to sit?
He tried sitting. He couldn’t make his muscles move. His vision was pulsing and darkening, too. Summoning all his strength, Shiro made to speak. The word came out of his mouth. He heard it!
“Kuso…” he muttered through cracked lips, then his energy left him and he collapsed like a sack of rice.

Chapter Seven—The Dungeon Akarilion
“Mmm!” Ali noised as he chewed his dried meat. “Food! Haha! It never tasted so good in all my life.”
Being well watered, Shiro too enjoyed his dried meat and bread. Both men had worked up an appetite that was revealed after they had had their fill of water. 
Their camels were untethered, but Shiro’s had lain down. It was a long journey through the desert to this oasis and the skies were beginning to take on an orange hue as evening came.
Still chewing on a hunk of meat, Ali removed his piece of the map and put it down on the ground next to Shiro, who found his half and matched it up as Ali sunk down on his knees into the sand.
The palm trees were thick inside the ravine and provided a lot of shade, which allowed the men to remove their sun protective robes of white and blue cloth. Shiro eyed the turtle nuts, intending to crack some open. But not now.
“Aha!” Ali said, nodding. He looked up and about. “The entrance is behind the waterfall.”
“Mmm,” Shiro noised, with a nod of his own.
“What is it, my friend—by the gods it’s a paradise here!”
Shiro looked about. He felt like he could lie down and sleep right now without a care in the world, and yet his excitement was giving him energy, along with the ample supply of food and water.
Ali is right, he thought.
“I wonder, though,” he said. “Do you think there will be many dangers inside the dungeon?”
Shiro stood up on his feet, his fists on his hips. He nodded. “Yes. Yes, I do. We should careful.”
Unlike Shiro’s Rs, of which he tended to pronounce like the L, Ali said his with a role of his tongue. The words had sounded like “We shood be carrrefool.”
There were many languages in these regions, but this empire was vast, so a single unifying language had to be used for ease of access.
It had confused Shiro at first, as he had learned scores of words from half a dozen languages and twice as many dialects before he caught on to the proper language he was to learn if he would function properly in these lands.
And find a way back home.
It was this language of the empire that he and Ali spoke now.
“Hai,” he said.
“Well,” Ali said, gesturing down at the map with an open palm, “there’s nothing on the map of the interior, or how to get in, if there is indeed a secret method to the door. So we don’t need these anymore.”
Ali was a greasy swashbuckler, but there was also another air about the man. He stood up straight, his shoulders square. With his open jacket, his billowing pants and his scimitar bobbing at his side, Shiro thought he could be an adventuring prince. He had not asked the other man very many persona question, but it was Shiro’s thought that Ali was at one time in his life, somewhat wealthy. If even only a poor kind of wealthy.
Nodding again, Shiro took both slices of the map and put them inside his jacket. “Let’s tether the camels.”
Ali laughed. “But why? Do you think they will leave us for the hot sands of the desert?”
Shiro looked about. Exotic-sounding birds chirped within the trees. He had never heard such cries before. Tethering his animal was a force of habit, to ensure it didn’t wander off or get stolen. 
Chuckling, Ali said, “Come on, my friend! Live free for once in your life!”
Shiro raised an eyebrow at the man and finally, agreeing with all that the Abassir said, he nodded. “Then let’s go to the waterfall. I think I spotted some rocks we could climb over there.”
“That is the way of it!” Ali proclaimed. 
With purpose in their strides, they trudged over the undisturbed sand up the river toward the waterfall, where the Dungeon Akarilion was shown to have its entrance behind the waters.

Chapter Eight—A Helping Hand
One Year Ago
This area had a river, something he hadn’t seen in his sun-addled delirious state when he had arrived two weeks ago.
Now, the family who had taken him in had him working in the fields. So far, he had learned a smattering of words. Things like “here” or “there” and “this.” He learned the words for various crops and tools.
But he could not speak, could not understand anything of what anyone said.
Out of habit, he brushed his thigh, feeling for the hilt of his sword that wasn’t there. The family had taken it away. Upon first discovering this, he had flown into a rage for several moments, yelled and screamed, but quickly settled down when he realized these farmers simply did not want him within easy access of a deadly weapon he could use to rob them with.
The family Shiro was staying with consisted of a man and a woman, obviously the parents. There were two girls, one about ten or so, and the other maybe half her age, and then two boys, who were somewhat older.
All worked in the fields.
Shiro ate with them, drank with them and rested as they took their breaks from plowing and sewing the fields and on some days, going to market to sell goods in a tiny village areas not far from where they lived.
Men came, bought sacks of grains and vegetables and left. Where, Shiro didn’t know, but he thought a larger town to the north-west could be walked to.
Surreptitiously he had looked for his sword, casting his eyes this way and that, hoping to get a glimpse. Just to know where it was.
Knowing would give me assurance, but I don’t even have that.
He hefted his plow.
Farmer’s tools. Not a warrior’s weapon. He was no farmer. Shiro was a samurai—a swordsman. His occupation was to serve his daimyo. And that was all.
When he had first begun to help the family—he saw it as a fair exchange for the shelter they gave him, the hay pile for his bedding and his food and water—he had been reprimanded, even yelled at as if he were an oaf.
Shiro was not used to being treated in such a way.
He was a warrior, knew how to be a warrior. Shiro felt like a child, being scolded for doing things wrong, not knowing how to do them at all to begin with. But he had learned his daily duties, and mostly he followed the older boy, Rashid and assisted him with his daily chores.
This was not the village of young men. There were some few, but Shiro suspected most had left to fight in some war, though he couldn’t know for certain.
This is the way of things in most kingdoms, he thought.
Now, eating the evening meal with the family, which consisted of simple foods and some small portions of flavorful meat, the father dragged a pack from under a cloth and sat it next to Shiro.
He said some words, but Shiro could only intuit what he was saying. “This we give you,” he seemed to be saying.
Shiro took the pack, looked it over for a moment. It was leather. Good quality. “Arigatou gozaimasu!” he said in thanks, and bowed.
The father said some other words, which Shiro thought meant “tomorrow” but whatever else the man said, he did not understand.
He went to sleep that night, wondering where he would go to, wondering about his sword. He hoped this family didn’t take his steel and sell it off. The blade was worth a fortune, and to these people, something they would never be able to afford.
Shiro was pleasantly surprised the next morning when the family greeted him. The father held a wrapped parcel. Shiro took it when he reached out to give it to him. He uncovered the hilt of his sword and nodded.
The daughters arrived from the well with two water skins with shoulder straps. He took them graciously and then bowed to the family, thanking them for their hospitality, knowing that they were indeed sending him on his way.
There were other villagers present who wanted to see him off. Shiro was an oddity to them, something to be watched, studies. He was a strange man from a strange land. He raised a hand in salute to them.
The father took him to the road, gestured forward with his hand, saying “Oravar.” 
It’s a town? A city?
Shiro didn’t know, but he understood that his time in this village was at its end. He clasped his hands together and bowed, but the man shrugged, then embraced him. It was an odd custom to treat a stranger so well.
Shiro was not a chipper man, but he found himself smiling before he turned and began his journey to Oravar.

Chapter Nine—Waterfall
Shiro slipped as he attempted to gain purchase with his feet and to keep from falling his  hit his arm against one of the slick rocks. It hurt, but didn’t wound him.
“Be careful,” Ali said from behind.
Shiro made a noise of acknowledgement. There wasn’t a proper approach. It was hard to see, but there looked to be steps inside the waterfall that had been cracked and had fallen into ruble at the base of the pool.
The oasis was lush, but this area was slick with green life and moisture. Shiro grabbed onto a vine, pulled himself forward, making sure not to put too much of his weight onto the plant, lest its roots come undone and he fall to his death.
It wasn’t just slick and moist. This area was teeming with thick vegetation, and even in a desert oasis, didn’t seem like it belonged.
They were about fifteen paces above the rocks and water. The pool was a bright blue. In this shade, the water should not have been so clear.
Perhaps the waters are infused with magic?
The samurai continued to climb, Ali close behind, who seemed to be a somewhat better climber than he, but thankfully the arrogant swashbuckler said nothing.
Usually he did.
Shiro reached the top of the rocky incline to a smooth rock area covered in moss. It was slippery, so he moved carefully.
“I can’t see behind the fall,” Ali called.
Shiro couldn’t see anything either, said nothing as he turned and grasped the other man’s hand and pulled him up.
The area they stood on gave them good purchase, but the rest of the way was rather narrow, which meant they would have to lean into the rocky wall and sidestep their way in, through the falling waters.
That distraction could easily push them off.
Thankfully the pool looked deep, so if Shiro fell, he would jump. If I land in the middle of the pool, he thought, I will survive.
He pointed to the rocks below. Ali looked, then Shiro motioned jumping further out and Ali nodded in understanding. If Shiro found himself wounded an unable to travel, he wondered if his adventurer companion would aid him in getting back to the city.
Ali was not a reliable man. 
But they made a good team. A good pair of adventurers. And in that respect, Ali was extremely reliable, if somewhat greedy.
Shiro skirted under the falls, the chill water causing a shiver to run up his spine. The fall was so thick over him that he had trouble breathing, and a mild sense of suffocation came over him until he covered his face with his hand.
After a few more steps across the narrow ledge he was through the cold fall and found his eyes widening. Beautiful¸ he thought, stepping forward quickly.
His eyes had instantly come to the walls where there were paintings and intricate carvings depicting some battle lost to time. There were also mages present. Or were they jinni? He couldn’t say.
“Whoa!” Ali said coming up from behind. “Look at this.”
Shiro turned to look at the man. He had a huge smile on his glistening face. His beard had thickened since they left the city. Ali usually kept himself shaved at least every four or five days, unlike Shiro, who shaved every single day. But now even he was beginning to grow a beard.
“Brrr!” Ali shivered dramatically. “Do you see them? My friend. Can you see them?”
“See what?”
“The jinnis and their magnificent hosts, of course!” Ali laughed excitedly. “This is the Battle of the Three Princes and their jinni companions. A terrible time. A time of great magic and conquest.”
Shiro looked again, a new appreciation dawning on him. This seemed to be an important part of the history in this region but so far he had only heard snatches of these histories.
“I’ll tell you more some time.”
Shiro nodded. “What do you suppose is inside?”
Ali’s eyes widened, his mouth going slack. “The gods themselves, perhaps.”
Shiro gave him a withering look. “Do not get too excited. There could be nothing.”
“Haha! Just so, my friend.” Ali stepped up to the door quickly, moving his arms exaggeratedly. “But,” he put his ear to the door, knocked. “I can tell this dungeon has not been explored. At least for some time.”
“Nonsense,” Shiro said. “How can you tell this from the door?”
“I can feel it. So many treasures await.”
Shiro put his hands on his hips. This fool…
“We will need to return to Atoulia to bring a caravan of camels to carry it all.”
Shiro felt mildly annoyed. He was excited, hoping riches lay in wait for them. But if there was nothing, he would be even more disappointed. And concerned.
But I can’t help it, he thought. Ali’s excitement is rubbing onto me.
Shiro smiled.

Chapter Ten—Spiral Pattern
“Now,” Ali said, feeling at the spiral-chiseled door. “How do we get in?”
“I can hardly see a thing,” Shiro said. 
“I know,” Ali grunted, pushing on the door. “It’s not moving.”
They should have brought some torches up here, but the water would have wetted them, so they’d be useless anyway.
“Let me help,” Shiro offered. He moved up beside Ali and together the two men pushed, grunting as their sandals scraped against the rocks below them.
“It’s useless,” Ali said. He gestured impatiently to the door. “It won’t budge.”
“Perhaps you are right,” Shiro said. “No one has been in this dungeon. At least not for a long time.”
What if we can’t get in?
Ali unsheathed his belt knife, stuck it between the door and the surrounding stone, which was chiseled to a smooth lintel-shape all around in a circular fashion, as the door was also round.
“Hmm,” Ali noised. “I see no way to get in. No levers. Look about.”
Shiro did as the other adventurer instructed, feeling about the moss-covered wall for anything he might push or pull. There was nothing.
“There’s nothing!” Ali yelled as if the door had done him some personal wrong.
“Be patient,” Shiro said. “We have only just arrived. There is a way. We will find it.”
“And if we don’t we will climb to the top of this godsforsaken waterfall and dig down until we hit the dungeon!”
Shiro couldn’t help but chuckle at the other man’s frustration.
“What are you laughing at?”
“We will find a way in.”
He made an exasperated sound, shoving his hand toward the door, as if he had told the door to go take a walk in the desert after having an argument with it.
Shiro moved back to the door, looked at it carefully. It has a spiral art to it, and not in a completely symmetrical fashion, there were holes in the door. He bent down, tried to get a look through them. They ended in blackness.
“Anything?”
“No.”
But there was no way to tell if those holes went through the door. 
Wait, he thought, and licked his finger. This might work.
“Well?”
“There is no air coming from these holes. They do not go through, I think.”
“We didn’t bring any digging equipment—well, nothing big enough for this.”
Shiro backed away, put his fists on his hips. He glanced about, just now realizing how bright this outer cave was. It should be much darker, but the waters reflected off the walls from the puddles, the light shining in clearly not enough to give them room to see by, and yet they could see somewhat.
“It’s the water,” Ali said, as if he had been reading Shiro’s thoughts. “Magic! This dungeon is suffused with it.” He nodded, quite self-assured. “Many treasures lie beyond. We must find a way in, if it takes us ten years!”
“I don’t have ten years.”
“All the better,” Ali insisted. “So… what do you suppose those holes in the door are for?”
Shiro regarded them. The door’s spiral formation was not perfect. In fact, it seemed to suggest a direction. He sucked in a lung full of air.
Hai! That’s it!
 “What is it, my friend?”
“The holes,” Shiro said, bending down and touching them with his fingers. And this pattern. We need something to put in these holes, so we can turn the door.”
“Roll it, you mean?”
“Hai.”
“There are a lot of trees outside. We could fashion some posts and shove them in?”
“This, I think will work.”
Ali grinned. 
Shiro smirked, feeling somewhat self-satisfied.
“Yes! Let’s go!” Ali said, beckoning Shiro after him.
Together the two men climbed back down the waterfall and went hunting for suitable branches that would serve their purposes.
Most of the trees were far too large, but in the foothills leading up to the ravine and the oasis, there were small saplings growing near the rocks in the water holes that looked like they would serve the right purpose.
Shiro called Ali, who wasn’t far. He arrived, nodded. “Yes, these are perfect.” He took his small axe that he had unstrapped from his saddle and started hacking them down. Shiro assisted by cutting the branches off and smoothing out the boughs so they would fit. They could whittle the wood some more with their knives later.

Chapter Eleven—Traveller
One Year Ago
Evening had come upon him. Shiro had walked the entire day, taking breaks every few hours to rest on the side of the road where there were trees, and sometimes there were even rocks to sit.
Once he got into town, he would need to find a place to stay. The family had no money to spare, so hadn’t given him any. He would most likely be sleeping under a tree or against a wall somewhere, unfortunately.
He needed to find a way to make some money.
Only one of his water skins was used, so he began to drink more, realizing there were more roadside travellers now. He was getting close to the city, and thought he could see light coming from the hills beyond the blue-night horizon. The stars shone bright, but since the moon was slim, he could see the lights of Oravar in the coming darkness.
From behind, he heard the patter of footfalls from beyond the road. Here, there was a depression, so he could not see over the hills.
In this strange place, with no one to turn to, Shiro was on his guard. In a way he was terrified. What could happen in this strange land, who could he meet. What evils lie in wait for travellers that he didn’t know off because he was gaijin—a foreigner?
In my own lands, monsters are not uncommon. I need to be vigilant.
Just his sword alone was worth stealing. But he kept it covered, holding it in his hand. Hopefully it simply looked like a stick instead of a wrapped parcel he was trying to keep unseen.
A distant creature called in the night. A long, moaning call that sounded eerie and lonely at the same time. Not a wolf, but similar?
Perhaps there were like animals in the deserts of these lands.
But now he wasn’t in the desert so much as the farmlands surrounding the city. There had been streams and fields of green grass and crops, and farmers toiling in those fields.
Even so, he did not see many people.
That pattering from above came again. Shiro narrowed his eyes. Those creatures were near, surely. He unwrapped the hilt of his katana, ready to slice the beasts in two should they attempt to attack him.
He could skin them, take their hides to the city and exchange them for coin. What a good idea. Then he might sleep in a secure place!
The pattering was close.
These animals were brave.
Shiro was about to reveal his blade, when a man in black clothing came over the ridge. His trousers were voluminous, his feet sandaled up to his calves and upon his face, he had a cloth concealing his identity.
What alarmed Shiro the most was the curved blade in his hand.
He pulled the cloth off his blade.
In the little moonlight there was, the high quality steel glinted. The man gestured to Shiro with his sword, said some words he didn’t understand.
Angling his sword forward with his elbow held high, Shiro cursed. “Come for me, you dog—if you dare I’ll spill your guts where you stand!” He called the threat in as intimidating a voice he could. But he didn’t need to try. Shiro was afraid, and outraged at the same time.
Normally he would almost welcome a challenger, but in this strange place, he knew nothing of the local peoples, their abilities with blades, what their motives were. Perhaps he wanted to skin Shiro and make a magic book out of his hides or perform some other terrible deed upon him.
Does he have friends in the hills?
He glanced about with his eyes, keeping his ears attuned to his surroundings. 
The man with the sword came forward.
And then Shiro heard the others approaching from behind. He did not turn. He moved forward, keeping his sword held high, defensively, ready to deliver a razor sharp death slash to this bandit.
The others—two of them it sounded like—came up close from behind him. Shiro spun with a slash of his katana, his blade glancing off the sword of the other, then he came in with another slash and took the man down with one strike across his chest.
Spinning, he addressed his other attacker and exchanged parries with him.
This first attacker was more skilled.
He must be their leader!
“COME AT ME, FOOLS!”

Chapter Twelve—Behind the Dungeon Door
“There,” Shiro said as he and Ali slid the post into the other hole. 
“That should do it,” Ali said.
Shiro nodded. The posts weren’t long, otherwise the leverage wouldn’t move the door. “Okay,” he said. “I push down first.”
Ali nodded.
Shiro could feel his heart beating faster, his excitement rising as he wondered what could lie beyond the door. He grasped his post and pushed.
And nothing happened.
“What’s wrong?” Ali asked.
“I don’t know. More weight is needed, I think.” He leaned on the post. Still, the door didn’t move. 
“More! “Ali commanded. “I’ll pull up on my post.”
“Okay.” 
Shiro jumped, putting all his weight on the post and shimmied his body with the strength of his arms, grunting along with Ali.
“COME ON!” Ali screamed.
And then the door nudged. 
“It’s moving!”
“Keep pushing!”
The door nudged, bit by bit, scraping along until Shiro’s weight and the force of Ali’s lifting moved the door completely. It rolled, not smoothly, to the side, leaving an opening like a fat crescent moon.
Breathing heavily, both men peered inside. 
“It’s dark,” Shiro said.
“Wait,” Ali offered and turned toward their torches. They had covered them with leather wrappings to keep them from getting wet. He unrolled them, and struck the flint with his dagger.
Once his torch was lit, lighting Shiro’s was no effort as they were joined together. Shiro breathed in deeply as Ali thrust his torch into the dark chamber. It was black. Pitch black with nothing to see but a few steps of squared tiles with strange markings.
The stones that made up the floor were dark, which made the interior seem even more dim. Ali swallowed, looked at Shiro. “We go in now, eh?” He grinned.
Shiro nodded. “Let’s get rich.”
Ali laughed aloud and crouched into the chamber. Shiro followed.
The air inside was surprisingly dry, and definitely stale. It was a strange scent. Both men raised their torches high, getting a look at the small chamber.
There were pots and old rotted furnishings all over. The walls were adorned with chiseled carvings that had been painted and gilded in gold and silver.
“It looks like the old man was telling the truth,” Shiro said.
“Ha!” the other man scoffed, his voice echoing deep into the cavern. “What did I tell you, my friend?” 
Shiro said nothing. He was enthralled with the chiseled impressions on the wall. “More of the Three Princes War?”
“Hmm,” Ali hummed thoughtfully. “Some of it looks familiar, but some of this, I cannot say. Look.” He gestured with his torch. “What is this? A magical rite?”
Shiro shrugged. “They’re your histories.”
“I have never known of this. They must be secret histories.”
“Which means more treasure.”
Ali smirked, then turned down the corridor. They walked across the dust-covered tiles. It was thick, like a snowfall.
They came to a door with an angular arch slanted on both sides, narrowing at the top. “And here is the lever,” Ali said. “Why could they not have put one outside?”
“Because,” Shiro said, “that would have been too easy!”
We’re inside. There is no need for clever tricks now?
Ali pushed the lever.
Nothing happened.
“What?” he said, as if someone had just told him a preposterous lie. “What is this?”
Then something sounded deep within the walls, and there was a subtle vibration. The door moved and scraped down before falling into a crevasse in the floor.
“Mmm,” Ali noised, nodding. “I want more of this.”
“That would be too easy.”
Shiro moved up to the sconce on the wall, put his fire to the aged torches. They lit. “The dungeon knows we’re here.”
“Then we must be careful.”
A dungeon that was centuries old, perhaps even older, would not have torches that lit when fire was put to them. These sconces were kept in order.
Something… or someone, knows we’re here.

Chapter Thirteen—Blades Crossing
One Year Ago
He must be their leader!
“COME AT ME, FOOLS!”
Of course, they had no idea what he was saying, other than that he was furious. 
Their leader swooped in with several arcing swings that would have cleaved Shiro in two, but he parried, flung his fist out and caught his attacker on the jaw. He spun, kicked his legs to put distance between himself and Shiro.
Shiro ran in the opposite direction to put distance between him and the third man, spun, sword held defensively outward as the second man screaming, came in with a single-grip overhanded strike.
Shiro sidestepped the bandit and slice him cleanly across the back, turning to address their leader, who rushed him.
Their blades clashed several times, but then the lead man made a fatal mistake, swinging in a wide arc with too much force behind the attack. Had he struck Shiro, the blow would have chopped him asunder.
Instead, it slowed him long enough for Shiro to evade the strike and then bring his razor sharp katana down over his attacker’s arms with a good slash. The bandit cried out and his curved sword went into the sand, along with an ample spray of blood that looked almost black in the darkness.
Two dead attackers, one mortally wounded if he didn’t receive magical aid immediately. Shiro stood over him. The man grunted, holding his arms close to his chest. The samurai ended him with a final strike across the bandit’s neck, spilling a pool of his life blood into the dirt and sand.
Shiro froze at the end of his strike.
Breathing heavily, he took stock of his surroundings. No one was near, only the gentle breeze and the distant creatures howling in the night amidst some crickets.
After calming somewhat, Shiro stalked back to the cloth he had used to wrap his katana to clean himself and his sword off, then made to continue on his journey to Oravar, it’s lights in the darkness now a clear yellow haze rising just above the hilly night horizon and limning more of those strange trees with large fronds in the darkness.
But something stopped Shiro.
Desperately, he needed money. There were three swords in the sand. Looting was dishonorable, but he had extreme need, so he took up the men’s swords, foregoing the looting of their actual bodies, leaving their belt knives intact in their sheathes.
The curved swords lay in a pile in the sand. Shiro was parched, and so he went to where he had dropped his water skin and drank deeply, emptying the leather sack.
He wiped his mouth with the back of his fist, picked up the collected blades and stalked down the road. When there was no longer an incline, he considered leaving the road completely and traveling alongside it, but he was so close to the city now, he didn’t bother.
There were far more travellers near and within the city. Most were humans from the region, judging by their apparel that evidentially protected them from the sun. He also saw two demi-humans, a fushi man and a red-skinned oni with filed horns.
There was a vibrant if somewhat subdued night life here. Cook stalls were everywhere and the city’s denizens walked about doing tasks or eating.
There were beggars, sitting on bright carpets. Near one sandstone structure with a lot of light and people standing about, something of a ruckus was going on. Shiro suspected a tavern of some sort.
The desert night was cold. It had surprised him. For warmth, he walked up to the cook stalls where fires were crackling, meat and strange green plants were put on sticks and cooked together. The heat of the fires warmed him, the smell of the meat making his stomach grumble.
The food seller looked at him strangely and muttered something of a question. Shiro shook his head, but tried to linger for a time.
The oni must have been a prisoner, as he was manacled and whipped by a shouting human in white robes, that strange wrapping on his head, but his face uncovered. He too had a sword at his belt.
In fact, most of the people walking about, at least the men, were armed, either with long knives or those curved swords that seemed to be in style here.
She sky was hard to see, as awnings hung out from the structures, some of which had three or four levels.
One brightly lit structure looked like an inn to Shiro, but when he went in, found that he was surrounded by scantily-clad woman who looked at him, touched him by putting their arms about him. 
Did they think he was a curiosity?
They put out their hands in want of something. Shiro’s eyes were large. He had never seen so many women so… their breasts were barely covered!
When they became more insistent, he left, and a woman with a smoking ornament in her hand yelled at him.
That must have been a whorehouse.
He nudged the swords hanging on his back, held there by a strip of fabric he had taken from the dead men. Judging the weapons, they seemed somewhat clumsy since they took more force to wield. But Shiro withheld judgment, knowing he knew nothing about the culture in these lands or the methods of fighting.
Looking about, he must have seemed like a startled animal has he moved about, glancing, watching and inspecting various things about this town.
It seemed a warm and inviting place. Perhaps beguiling in ways… If only he spoke their words. His inability frustrated him.
Spotting what were clearly guards, with matching vests and spears, Shiro avoided that area. If they wanted information from he, he wouldn’t be able to give it. What he needed was to be as unassuming as possible, and holding four swords probably didn’t help matters.
I need to find a shop or a blacksmith that is willing to buy these weapons.

Chapter Fourteen—The Sound of Footsteps
Shiro lead the way, holding his torch high for the best light. “These don’t provide very much light.”
“It’s too bad we’re so poor, or we could afford some glow stones.”
They would buy some later, if they were successful in raiding this dungeon. The door lead to a double corridor leading in both directions. Shiro took the left.
“Wait,” Ali said. “Why are you going that way?”
Shiro cocked his head. “Is the other way better?”
“I don’t know.”
“Do you want to go the other way?”
Ali stared at him and after a moment Shiro rolled his eyes.
“No!” Ali said, “Nonono! It doesn’t matter.”
“What is wrong with you?”
“Nothing.”
Shaking his head, Shiro continued down the left corridor. After about twenty paces of putting new sandal prints on the floor, the corridor turned and lead them in another direction.
Eventually the two men came out on the other side where the corridor leading right met at a descending flight of stone steps. This room was much larger. So large in fact, the light of their torches would not let them see the walls on the other side, or even very far into the door.
“We go down,” Ali said, taking the lead.
Shiro followed. “The air is colder down here.”
“I noticed this.”
“How far do these steps go?”
“I don’t know, but we need to be careful not to let our torches gutter out.”
“I have flint and dried moss in my pack,” Shiro said. If their torched did go out, they could rekindle them. But it was always safest to take a glow rock. After leaving it in the sun, it would put off magically induced light for hours.
Some of the expensive rocks would cast bright light for days, even.
When they reached the bottom of the steps, Shiro turned a full circle, to see if he could get a glimpse of anything. So far all they had to guide them was the dust-covered tiles.
Shiro reached into his pack, took one of the smooth river stones and dropped it on the floor. Just in case they got lost.
“Here’s something,” Ali said, moving forward.
“What is it?” Shiro whispered. 
Both men kept their voices low. There was no telling what might be in the dungeon lying in wait for them. Fortunately they were both quite good with blades, otherwise this would be practically suicide.
As it was, it was extremely dangerous, even for the two men. They didn’t have a sufficient party, no mages present. 
Shiro came up to Ali’s side and the men inspected the ornamental urns that looked to be depictions of people, some human, some not. Their heads were cut at the temple, providing lids.
Shiro lifted one, tried to peer inside, but whatever had been there was long turned to dust. Perhaps it had been food, or water. Or the remains of people.
“It does seem like a tomb.”
“Yes,” Ali said.
“We really need a larger party for this size of dungeon.”
“What,” Ali asked, “and share the loot with more people? Sharing it with you is bad enough.”
Shiro gave him a withering look, but Ali didn’t much care. “There’s nothing here. “Let’s keep going.”
Ali nodded.
The only sound in the space was that of their voices, which didn’t echo off of any walls, meaning the chamber was large.
“Look,” Shiro said, raising his torch. “More stairs?” 
“No,” Ali said. “There’s only a few. But look there.” He pointed.
“It was a large square block that disappeared into the dim light above. It was an obelisk pillar, carved with horizontal flutes and other ornamental bevels. Like the black stone tiles, the pillar was also black.
“And another,” Shiro said, spotting another pillar now ten paces away. 
“What is this chamber?” 
“I don’t know, but let’s explore it,” Shiro said.

Chapter Fifteen—Loot
They walked slowly between the pillars, each of which spanned about three paces in width. The sheer size of them was a sight to behold, and made Shiro’s anticipation grow.
“There’s torches,” Ali said, lighting one on the pillars nearest them. “Go light the others.”
Shiro did so, lighting the torches that faced the center of the room. A shiver went over the swordsman, though. He wasn’t afraid of the dark, but an adventurer alone, was reckless, especially in a dark and unexplored dungeon.
The men went about the pillars, lighting the torches one by one, which gave them enough light to see each other on either ends of the room.
They met near the middle.
Shiro looked toward the center where the flooring had caved. “What do you think happened here?”
“I don’t know. Perhaps it was an earthquake.”
In the center, some statues still remained, but most had fallen away. Torches also remained, and they lit those, giving themselves ample light to see by. The statues depicted soldiers, men with spears and swords. There were chariots, and one grand-looking statue of a broad-shouldered bald man adorned with jewels.
Ali approached the statue, touched the bracelet and laughed. When he turned, his eyebrows raised. “Not guilding.”
Shiro smirked as well and together, the two adventurers must have looked like cackling villains. At least Ali did with his toothy grin.
Shiro slipped his bags off his shoulder. Inside were some of his adventuring provisions, including some water, chisels, his leather sack for holding loot, which he pulled out, and of course fresh flint and sealed dried moss to light torches or start fires.
Unfolding his bag, Shiro prepared to have it filled as Ali took the jewels off the statue. 
“Very good,” he said. They were gold, valuable. But didn’t seem to be magical.
“I’m sure there are magic items here,” Shiro said.
“Oh, you’re acting like me now, my friend.”
“Like you?”
Ali smirked. “Greedy!”
The men chuckled.
“There must be more on the statues that fell down,” Shiro said, jerking his head toward the caved floor.
“I agree. Did you bring your rope?”
Shiro nodded, went back to his bag and brought he coiled rope out. “It’s here.”
Ali picked up his torch. “Where can we anchor it? Ah, there.” He pointed.
There were still some rather large statues left that hadn’t fallen. This one, of a creature Shiro had never seen before with horns and armor plating, a saddles with bowmen atop, would do nicely.
“Come, come,” Ali said, gesturing Shiro forward. They fastened the rope and Ali stalked to the ledge. “How far down do you think it goes?” He leaned and spit.
Foolish.
Shiro tossed his torch over the side. It fell. And fell, but finally hit the bottom. “Hmm. That must be sixty to seventy paces.”
“Is the rope long enough?”
Shiro looked at the coil in his hands. It was large.  He thought it at least seventy to eighty paces. He tossed it down and it uncoiled as it fell.

Chapter Sixteen—Depths
Shiro’s feet touched the floor about four paces from where his torch had fallen. Something was different, he realized. There was more light now. Far more light than there had been before.
He could see Ali climbing down the rope clearly, could even see dust motes gently falling through the air. The light from his torch. It had lit the glow rocks in this part of the dungeon and now am ambient light, slightly blue in haze, suffused the chamber. Shiro could see the walls, the urns and alcoves.
It was beautiful. There were also many sarcophagi lining the walls.
“What’s this!” Ali called, still climbing down the rope. He looked a true adventurer in his open jacket, scimitar waving about as he climbed down the rope. Did Shiro present that same swashbuckling image?
He was a samurai. A noble warrior. He was no rogue. The thought worried him. He was now in a dungeon. Or a tomb. Whatever it was. He was raiding this ancient place. 
Ali touched down beside him and clapped the dust off his hands while he breathed in and out to catch his breath.
“One torch and these rocks light up!” He laughed, spreading his arms. “They must have been very, very hungry for light, my friend. Just like we’re hungry for loot and treasure, eh?”
“Mmm,” Shiro noised with a nod.
“Just as I am hungry for more conversation,” he said, a skeptical eyebrow raised at Shiro.
“It seems we do not need the torches anymore.”
“Well, we need the rocks!” Ali said, launching himself in the direction of one. It was nestled into the top if a spindle. Ali vaulted himself onto a sarcophagus, sliding over it on his hip. Then he snatched it out of its holding cup. The glow lit his hand when he closed his fingers over the stone. He laughed. “This stupid rock,” he said, gesturing to it with his other hand. “This is worth the trip on its own.”
Shiro saw at least three more. He went to one, took it, held it high. The light in his immediate area was bright. Then he stalked to his torch and crouched, thrusting the stone at the light. The light emanating from the magic stone brightened enough to make him squint against its powerful luminescence.
“Good idea,” Ali said, doing the same. 
Shiro had to close his eyes while they both charged their stones with the light of the torch. They would need good pouches to conceal the light, in case thieves spotted them. Shiro did not want to be a beacon, like he had been when first arriving in these lands.
Now he dressed much like the local peoples—like a local adventurer. With his tanned skin and black hair, it was easy for him not to draw the eye, unless a person was paying attention.
Shiro stood, raised his stone above his head so he could get a good view. “Let’s get the others and then make our way down this thoroughfare and through that arch. I have a feeling something lies beyond in those chambers.”
“By the gods, Shiro!”
“What is it?”
“I don’t believe I have ever heard you speak so many words at once.” He laughed, slapped his thigh and shook Shiro by the shoulder. “You’re catching on, my apprentice.”
Shiro scoffed.
“Come—come!” Ali said, beckoning Shiro.
They loped across the room and took up the stones and added them to their loot sacks. One stone wouldn’t pay off Shiro’s debts, but two? Perhaps now. But if he could find two or three more, surely he would be debt free, a man no longer hunted. He could focus on leaving these lands and making his way back to his homeland.
The only problem was… 
I’m not sure these peoples have discovered my homelands, he thought. Kami preserve me—I don’t even know if I’m on the same world.
The thought sent a chill of fear through him. Shiro missed his homeland, his mother and father. 
Daimyo Karage probably thought he had abandoned his duty.
“Come!” Ali called excitedly. “Why are you distracted, my friend? Loot awaits, eh?”
Shiro shook himself, followed his adventurer partner until they were standing before the gold gilded arch.
And then something behind them stirred.

Chapter Seventeen—Tread Lightly…
They both whirled on their heels, lights held high.
“What was that?” Ali asked.
Shiro listened for any sign of what might have made that noise.
“Shiro…?”
“It was… it could have been something we disturbed.”
Ali glanced at him, scoffed and pulled out his scimitar. He took three steps forward, glanced to his left, then to his right as Shiro watched and came up behind him, his own scimitar freed from its scabbard.
“Anything?” Shiro asked.
“Nothing.”
They both relaxed. 
“Perhaps you are right. Something we disturbed earlier. Oh, we forgot to look for the jewels upon the other statues!
“Hmm.”
“What?”
“We can get them on our way back. For now, let’s go through the arch to find what is on the other side, yes?”
Ali chuckled deeply. “You are a greedy, greedy adventurer, my friend.”
“I am not greedy,” Shiro protested. “I have debts.”
“All the more reason to be greedy, my friend. Greedy for life!”
They turned and at the end of the thoroughfare a figure stood. It sent a jolt through Shiro’s heart. 
“Who goes there?!”
“You saw someone?” Ali said, eyes widening.
The man moved so quickly, Shiro hardly got a look at him. “I saw… someone. He moved that way.”
“Come out!” Ali called, walking forward. “If you do not… you will speak with the sharp side of my scimitar, fool!”
“Ali,” Shiro said, “wait!”
“WHAT IS IT, SHIRO?!”
“I don’t think it was a man!”
Ali’s eyebrows raised so high they almost disappeared underneath his turban, then he whirled again, sword raised.
“Monsters,” Shiro said. He went up beside, Ali, ready to strike a deadly blow at anything that came within two paces. He moved forward, looking for the creature.
The shape.  It had been manlike.
Peering to his left between the sarcophagi and the huge urns, he saw nothing, but continued searching for the creature.
Ali screamed. Shiro turned and found him swinging his scimitar at a group of… men?
Shiro rushed to his side, slicing and lopping limbs and the men—or the creatures—whatever they were, groaned and snarled.
Together they felled all three of them quickly.
“Gods! They gave me a fright,” Ali said, clutching his jacket. He laughed. “You die and stay where I put you!”
“What are they? Dead men?”
“Undead men,” Ali said. “Mummies.”
Shiro nodded in recognition of the word. He had heard of them before, but never saw one, never encountered any within the dungeons he had raided in these lands. Though he had seen them depicted on wall art.
“Why are they not on the wall art here in this tomb?”
Ali looked at him. “Because what is depicted here, my friend,” he said, an air of hotlines about him, “are men who were alive.”
“Something we did has disturbed them.”
“Perhaps.”
Shiro turned back toward the arch. There were at least ten more of the mummies. “Ali, look.”
“Hmm,” he noised. “I suppose we’ll have a lot of firewood when we’re done here.”
“You want—you want to desecrate their bodies?”
“Shiro,” Ali said sternly. “Something tells me they would not mind!”
Shiro grunted with irritation and raised his scimitar in readiness for this mob of dungeon mummies.

Chapter Eighteen—Oravar
One Year Ago
“Iie!” Shiro said firmly and pushed the coins back to the sword and armor seller. Oravar was not a massive city, but it was large enough that he thought there could be another shop he might go to.
Best to try my luck here first.
The man behind the counter had a crooked nose and a well-trimmed beard. Perhaps it was because they were inside that he did not wear the strange head wrappings.
In the corner there was a pile of dry logs giving off a fragrant smell near the crackling fireplace. The warmth tempted Shiro into taking what was being offered. He had no idea whether the price the shop owner was offering was a fair amount or not, but he had to try to get more.
On racks there were swords, knives and metal shirts of which Shiro had never seen before. Many of the swords were of a similar curved design, but some were also straight, and distinctly different.
He suspected that the swords he brought were of inferior design.
The shop owner shrugged and said some words. Shiro just looked at him, said in his own language again that he did not want to take such a small amount of coin for these items.
At first the shop owner had stared hard at him, curious about the way he looked? So far, Shiro had seen no other humans even closely resembling his own peoples, but many of the demi-human races known to his lands were also here.
Perhaps they are far more travelled than our people? he thought, since he had never even heard of lands such as these that he was now in.
Someone had isekaied him here. 
But why?
The shop owner sighed heavily, then added one more silver coin and ten or so coppers to the pile, then shunted it toward Shiro with some amount of frustration. 
Shiro looked at the coins for a moment, the shop owner squawking something at him as he did so. Finally deciding not to push the man any further, he nodded. To his left the swords lay atop the wooden counter furnishing. He took the cloth he had wrapped the swords in and made a basket, pouring the coins inside and then wrapping them up.
The shop owner smiled broadly and nodded.
He must have gotten a good deal. I knew I should have tried to find another shop.
Being a gaijin in these lands, there was no way he would get the better end of the bargain, especially not from a professional seller such as this. The next shop owner would probably do the same thing.
With a last nod, he left with his coin and began to search for an inn he could stay at. Walking slowly, he peered about, avoiding any other establishments of questionable character.
The streets were laid-stone slabs, covered with a small layer of sand. Why did they not sweep? It gave the whole place a somewhat messy feel, but an inviting one as well.
There were more street guards, wearing their metal shirts and strange high aching helmets. They looked at him strangely but did not otherwise bother him as he perused the many shops.
Looking into the next, there were hundreds of rugs and other fine-looking quilts. In fact, shops selling rugs of colorful designs and inscribed with artistic patterns seemed to be everywhere. Perhaps the rugs had a cultural significance, or were the raw materials used to weave them simply in high supply in the region?
The next shop caught his eye. There were garments inside, rolls of fabrics and many customers. There was a tall man, not from this area. He looked like a foreigner getting his measurements taken by a young woman.
In another area of the shop a couple of women in high-end clothing wearing bracelets of gold perused the fabrics, touching them with their fingers and nodding amongst themselves. 
Shiro decided he would come here tomorrow and get some new clothes. The ones he was wearing now—these robes of his homeland—were drawing many looks. He needed to be as unassuming as possible.
He put out a copper for some of the meat and green plants on the sticks, and actually got an even smaller coin in return. The meat sizzled on the stick. It was difficult to eat, but the flavor was excellent, and the green plant was slightly burnt, giving it a flavor that complemented the meat very well.
After finishing his meat stick—he was sure there was a name for this food—he found a place where he could buy a bed for the night. Surprisingly, about a third of his coin was taken in exchange for the room.
The furnishings were simple. Wooden chairs, a table and a bench near the window. There were plants in the lintel, some of them hung from hooks in the ceiling. He had a mirror, a wash basin and a bed with a thick cushion with clean linens.
He would have liked to bathe, but the establishment had no bath house! 
Kami preserve me, he thought. I’m filthy.
He was slightly disappointed, but decided not to become angry. These people simply did things differently and he was sure he could bathe in another establishment.
Surely?
He bolted the door and closed the window shutters so no thieves could crawl into his room. It was a shame, because the night sky was a beautiful sight of shining stars against a dark blue backdrop, the moon half covered in a wisp of white clouds.
He laid on the bed, put his sword next to him where he could reach it easily, and closed his eyes. 

Chapter Nineteen—Moonlit
“Ha!” Ali shouted, striking the last mummy down with his sword. The power of his strike cut the thing in two and it crumpled to the floor where the other dismembered mummies lay.
Some of them still twitched. One groaned, and Shiro finished it off. 
“I’m sweating,” he said.
Ali wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. “There’s nothing better than a sword brawl to warm the body.”
Breathing in deeply, Shiro stepped over the twice dead mummies toward the arch he had indicated earlier. He did not put his scimitar away. His preferred sword was the katana of his homeland of Mikuma, but he did not want to use the weapon too often, unsure of whether sword makers in these lands could care properly for his blade. Instead he kept it strapped to his back, his scimitar at his side, his major weapon for most situations.
If Shiro was unsure of a situation, he would use his katana. But practicing with both swords regularly did limit the amount of time he could devote to that. He was still improving with his scimitar but even so, the blade seemed unwieldy to him at times, but probably most likely because he lacked thick arms for swinging so much metal.
“Oh,” Ali said. “There’s cool air coming from this area.
“I feel it.”
“There could be passages out of the dungeon from here.”
“Perhaps,” Shiro said, “this dungeon has been raided before.”
“Let’s find out!”
They navigated a series of corridors with sand-covered floors until they reached another large chamber.
“What’s that light?” Ali asked.
Shiro stepped forward, making his way to the pattern of light on the floor. Once under it he glanced up in the pale blue light.
“It’s moonlight,” Shiro said. There’s a cavern in the ceiling leading outside.
“Why did we not search about this dungeon first?” Ali asked. “Finding this would have been so much easier. We could have repelled down here easily. Although it is somewhat high.”
“Yes,” Shiro agreed, noting the pattern of light on the floor the moon created as it shone through the palms above .Water dripped through that cavern and landed on the floor, pattering softly, but constantly.
“It is beautiful,” Ali commented. “The gods, even in their anger give us beauty.”
“Anger?” Shiro asked.
“The dungeons. They’re of the gods.”
“Is this true?”
Ali shrugged. “Some say so. Who can tell? But why else would they be here?”
“Perhaps dark mages created them.”
“Ha! Not likely.”
“Dark gods then.”
“Exactly.”
“Then the gods responsible are not angry, they’re evil,” Shiro argued.
“Yes, yes!” Ali said, waving a dismissive have. “Whatever.” He stepped forward as Shiro sniffed with amusement.
He didn’t like it when his logic was challenged, and Ali was a rather poor sport at times, but at least he recovered from his frustrations quickly. Even so, Shiro and Ali had never been in a very large disagreement as of yet. Perhaps such an event would test their friendship.
Ali fished his glow stone back out of his pocket. The light from the stone seemed to be different now as it absorbed the subtle moonlight from the night’s sky. Instead of a pale blue, the stone now shone with a pale yellow cast.
“This is interesting,” he said. “The stone seems to project a light different to that of what it absorbs.”
“Is that not normal?”
“I’ve never seen this thing before.”
“These stones could be worth far more than we think.”
“Maybe. Let’s move on.”
Shiro nodded. They searched the chamber, finding a walkway with sunken pools beside it and arches leading to another series of doors on the other end of the cavern.
“It seems that the dungeon is becoming more grand,” Shiro said. “More majestic.”
Ali grinned widely. “Yes!”
“That means more monsters await,” Shiro said. His words were not in amusement.

Chapter Twenty—Monsters in the Dark
Walking through the archway, Shiro and Ali found themselves descending more stone steps. Something in the distance made a noise. It echoed across the dark chamber as the two men held up their glow stones.
The stones provided a lot of ambient lighting, but even these could not reach the chamber walls in this area. But Shiro could see more of those thick stone pillars descending down on both sides of the stairs. 
“Watch your step,” he said. “We don’t know how far down it is.”
“Shiro?” Ali said, a questioning air in his tone.
“Hai?”
“If I fell down these steps and broke my back, would you carry me to safety?”
Shiro frowned. “What kind of a question is this? Pay attention—there are monsters about.”
“Bah!” Ali scoffed. “We’re adventurers. This is nothing we haven’t done before, my friend. Now answer the question.”
Shiro turned to look at the other man. “I would carry you out, Ali.”
Ali nodded. “This is good.”
“Would you do the same for me?”
Ali burst out laughing. “Of course not. More loot for me!”
“Be quiet!” Shiro said, his face deadpan. Something told him there was a line of truth in that jest of his.
They reached the bottom.
“I hear water,” Ali said, looking about.
“I do too.” There was a gentle shushing, like there was a flow. For being in the desert, this dungeon was very wet indeed. “I do not think the water from the oasis above would carry down so much here in the dungeon.”
“Neither do I. This is magic, for certain.”
Shiro continued forward, stopped. “This is…”
“Huge,” Ali finished for him.
The two men regarded their surroundings together. The large pillars were interspaced together in lines going forward and on each side, there were passages—corridors leading to other parts of the dungeon.
“There is no way we will finish exploring this dungeon tonight,” Ali said. “Perhaps we should return to the surface so we can begin again tomorrow.” 
“Perhaps we can find that hole in the ceiling where the palm trees are and repel down from there.”
“Yes, I like this idea,” Ali said. “So let’s—“
“Shh!” Shiro shushed. “Do you hear that?”
“Hear what? There is nothing. Oh, wait, yes—what is that?”
“If you will stop talking, maybe we can find out.”
Ali silenced as both men regarded their surroundings as they stood erect, back to back, their swords at the ready.
The sounds. They were like a soft pattering scurry. A strange sound Shiro had not heard from monsters before?
“I’m worried, Shiro.”
“Silence.”
But I am worried as well. What is this new monster? How many are there?
Shiro tossed his glow stone onto the floor. It clattered against the stones, the light projected bouncing about the room as he took up his hilt with both hands. Something inside him said that he needed to wield his sword in the most effective manner possible.
“Get ready,” he said. Something moved ahead of him. “What is that?”
“What’s what? I don’t see anything over here.”
They were… legs?
“Something’s here!” Shiro called. He gently kicked his glow stone. The gem clattered atop the tiles and the light revealed a black spider, its height at least as high as Shiro’s sash. He screamed furiously and stepped forward.
“WHAT IS IT?!” Ali screamed.
Shiro came down on the spider with his scimitar, the blade making a wet, viscous slash in the creature.
“Oh my gods!” Ali cried.
Shiro ignored him. As he pulled out his scimitar and took another slash at the thing. The spider died, oozing its life force out onto the stones at his feet.
“I hate spiders!” Ali said. “They never make any noise, even when you kill them! There is something wrong with that.”
“Stay alert!”
“I AM!”
“Oh no—look!” Ali said, thrusting his glow stone at two more spiders, one crawling among the pillar at least five paces above their heads.
Shiro shivered.

Chapter Twenty-One—There Are Spiders and There Are Spiders
“Shiro! There are more!” Ali said, turning about and shining his rock ahead of him.
That was not good. Would they be swarmed, carried off by these arachnid monsters and strung up, forced to wait and watch before being eaten?
“You take those,” Shiro said calmly, adjusting his grip on his sword. “And I will kill these.”
“Shiro!”
“Pull yourself together, Adventurer!”
“Umm—all right!”
“Now fight!” Shiro shouted, taking three strides toward the spider in front of him, but keeping the one crawling above on the pillar in his peripheral vision. 
He came down with his sword, but the spider recoiled, then lashed out with its front legs. Shiro lopped them both off with two quick strikes, and the black monstrosity before him jumped back and scurried away.
The dark blob at the corner of his vision lurched.
Shiro didn’t think. He jumped as far as he could and rolled, his katana scraping against the dungeon floor as he turned and righted himself. He screamed, rushed forward leading with his scimitar held to the side, angled back. He came at the second spider with a powerful arching slash that cut deep into its head.
The monster slackened and to pull his sword free, Shiro had to use a rocking motion to ease the blade out while Ali grunted, swinging his scimitar expertly, taking a spider’s leg off then parrying a lurching attack from another.
Once free, Shiro assisted the other adventurer and finished off the first spider Ali had attacked but only managed to cut the end of one leg off.
“The thing about spiders,” Shiro called, going at another, “is that they are not fighters.”
“Aha!” Ali shouted, finishing his off. “Once wounded, they recoil and flee!”
‘Hai!”
“Back to your mothers!”
Shiro laughed.
“Well,” Ali said, taking a sweep of the area with his stone, “that wasn’t so bad. I was worried for a moment.”
“Worried is an understatement.”
“I don’t like spiders!” Ali shot back. He shivered, making a noise of disgust.
“We should go to the surface, otherwise we may be stuck in this dungeon all night.”
“A agree my friend.”
Something hissed from the corridors on both sides of them. Spiders didn’t make such noises. Which meant there were other monsters about.
“What is that?”
Shiro readied his sword as he glanced about for whatever made that noise. “Be ready!”
And then they came into the light projected by Shiro’s stone still on the floor. There were two of them on Shiro’s side, wielding scimitars and slithering toward his glow stone.
“What are these?” Ali asked.
“I don’t know,” Shiro said. “But I have two.”
“Me too!”
“Then let’s fight!” Shiro called, rushing forward. He deflected the scimitar strike of the first one and then cut it in half, the human-like portion of the snake flying in a stream of blood, the snake half writhing in agony.
Before the second monster could attack him, Shiro whirled on his heel to get some distance, its scimitar blade missing him by inches.
Too close!
But his sudden attack had achieved an element of surprise resulting in only one opponent now. Shiro quickly guarded in a defensive stance, his sword held forward over his head in one hand, his other out for balance. He could sweep in and attack quickly, or move his blade defensively if needed.
The hissing monster, almost human in its upper appearance took notice of its fallen companion and then lashed out at him. Shiro exchanged glancing strikes with the beast. Its swordsmanship skills were not to be trifled with.
Jumping back, Shiro deflected several more blows, taking note that Ali was having trouble with his two monsters.
Instead of fighting on the defensive, Shiro pushed forward aggressively, his blade moving in flashing arcs. But then the beast went on the attack. Shiro crouched under its strike that would have sheered his head off and slashed this second beast in the scaly midsection. The monster howled and hissed, writhing to its death.
Taking quick note of his surroundings to make sure other monsters weren’t going to ambush him from behind, and seeing none, he moved in to assist Ali, who was swinging his sword furiously at the two demi-snake monsters.
Shiro cut one down by putting a deep slash down its back. The death of its companion distracted the other, and Ali cut it down, then brought his scimitar over its writhing form upon the tiles, its blood splashing over his face.
Shiro glanced about, then moved to pick up his glow stone still on the dungeon floor. 
“Are there anymore?” Ali asked and glanced about.
“That is what we asked before when more came. We need to leave!”
“Yes!” Ali said, moving to the steps behind them. “With haste!” But he paused, looked up. “Wait—wait!”
“What is it?”
He lifted his stone.
“What do you see?” Shiro asked, rushing up beside him and raising his stone as well.
“Oh…” Ali said dumbly. “Ahh…yes, well…”
There were at least twenty more of the demi-snakes slithering down the steps in what looked like a battle formation—spears up front and angled down at them, their deadly heads sharp and gleaming. Behind the spears were more with scimitars and behind them—
“Bows!” Shiro called.
Ali didn’t wait, he turned and ran, screaming, “Run!”
Shiro followed.

Chapter Twenty-Two—A Gentle Suggestion
Feeling he would be riddled with shafts, Shiro screamed, “Take cover!” and jumped behind one of the massive pillars. 
As he suspected, shafts came smacking against the tiles and landed in the elongated pool of water running down the center of the hall.
Ali, with his bright stone in hand, looked across the gap toward Ali. “Good call, my friend. But now what do we do?”
That’s a good question.
He glanced about, unsure. Where could they go? His eyes found the end of the pillared hall, only realizing now that the light their stones gave off had given life to many more stones inside the pool.
“There!” he said emphatically as he pointed to the archway at the end of the hall.
Ali looked at him with concern. “Deeper into the dungeon?”
More arrows came splashing into the pool. Shiro jerked his head back when one glanced off the hard surface of the pillar near his face.
“Are you sure?”
“There’s nowhere else to go!”
Ali shrugged and nodded. “Okay!”
Shiro nodded, took one more glance toward the steps leading down to the hall—those very steps they needed to get out of the dungeon. The small phalanx of demi-snakes had made its way down the steps and was quickly advancing on them.
“Run!” Ali said.
Shiro took off, zigzagging between the pillars so the archers couldn’t get a straight shot on him, and the intersecting path he took gave him intermittent cover against anymore hails of arrows.
Together they reached the arch and Ali quickly hit the lever. They ducked behind the pillars again when more arrows came.
As soon as the door had fallen deep enough into the floor, Ali jumped over it and into the next chamber. Shiro did the same and narrowly missed getting pin cushioned.
This next chamber was nothing more than a very long hallway, water pools on both sides with intermittent statues of horrible monsters with horns wielding jagged swords and between each set of variable statues there were arches gleaming with gilded writings Shiro couldn’t even hope to make out.
“Keep going!” Ali called, running ahead of Shiro. “Don’t stop!”
Those aren’t pools on the sides! Shiro thought, kicking his legs as fast as he could, his muscles aching and burning, his throat parched for water.
“It’s a lake!” Shiro called. “It’s a lake!”
“I can’t heart you!”
They ran for what seemed ages. Shiro started to slow, when they reached the end. They found themselves standing atop a large circular platform, dark waters rippling outward farther than their lights would shine.
“Aggh!” Ali noised, his hands on his knees and breathing heavily.
Shiro fell to the cold stone floor, his sword clattering on the tiles and his chest heaving up and down. He glanced down the thoroughfare, and sure enough, the demi-snakes were there, at the end, visible by the light of the glow stones strewn within the gilded arches.
“Oh no,” he said, breathing heavily. “They’re… they’re still coming.”
“Gah! Of course they are!”
Shiro forced himself to his feet, didn’t even bother picking up his scimitar as he rushed past the statue of the naked woman in the center of the platform to the edge. “Can we swim?”
Ali trotted up behind him. He bent, touched the water. And then something broke the surface. Something lone, full of scales and spines.  To Shiro, he got the impression that whatever he had just seen was much larger than the tiny piece that had broken the water.
“That’s a ‘no,’” Ali said.
“Kuso!” Shiro croaked. “We can’t escape.”
“And now…” Ali said. “We’re…”
“Going to die tired.”
“Well… I suppose… there’s worse ways to die. Ahhh!” he fell to his knees. “I don’t want to die today!”
Shiro went back to his sword, picked it up lazily, the tip sliding across the stones loudly. “We can do this. We can… fight them off, Ali.”
Ali laughed. Not in his characteristic good-mannered nature either. 
“Well, we can try, my friend.”
“It was good being your adventuring partner, Ali.”
“You too, Shiro. At least I didn’t have to leave you behind to die.”
Shiro laughed. “You’re serious.”
Ali shrugged. 
Shiro breathed in heavily, thinking about how they could strategize this fight. “We can go to the arches, hide behind them so we don’t get hit by the incoming arrows. You there,” he pointed, “I’ll be there. We fight on both sides.”
“And when they overtake us?”
“We retreat, behind the statue.”
Ali turned and glanced at the statue. “Wow,” he said.
Shiro regarded the statue again. It was “wow,” and quite rather alluring, actually, full breasted, hips curving perfectly. The statue would have been fully naked except for the green silk shawl draped over it, giving the figure a scanty quality that made the imagination stir.
Who put that there?
“And look,” Ali said, “at that wonderfully legendary piece of loot.”
Shiro frowned as his eyes landed on the piece in the statue’s hands. “A golden lamp? It’s only gold. It can’t be worth that much.”
“That’s a jinni lamp, fool!”
Shiro felt his eyebrows raise. “Then let’s kill these demi-snakes and be done with this dungeon.”
Ali nodded. 
“Yes. We’ll be rich! I wonder though…”
“What?”
“Is there a jinni inside that lamp? O’ jinni, come forth, terrible spirit and aid us!”
When nothing happened, Shiro raised an eyebrow. 
Ali shrugged. “It was worth a try.”
They both turned to meet their fate. The demi-snakes spread out and would surely overrun them any moment, the only sound they made was a sharp hissing and the leathery movement of their slithering across the dungeon tiles.
“Stop.” A voice said. It was a casual-sounding voice, feminine and melodic—completely at ease. “You can leave these two alone.”
“What?” Shiro barked as the demi-snakes stopped advancing.
Both men whirled to toward the statue—from the direction the disembodied voice had come.

Chapter Twenty-Three—Troubles of An Isekai
One Year Ago
Stepping back out of the weapons dealer’s shop, Shiro wondered how he had forgotten to buy a new scabbard for his katana. He didn’t have a new scabbard now. None in the store would fit his blade. He went back in and had a new custom one commissioned for him, which would take a full day.
The shop owner upon laying eyes on Shiro’s sword had practically gaped at him, offered him a lot of coin as well. Because Shiro couldn’t understand a word the man said, he had continuously added small ingots of silver onto the counter, eventually also adding some gold coins.
Shaking his head fervently, he bowed to the man, who looked at him with an eyebrow raised, and he left the shop. His katana had been a personal gift. He would never sell it. Ever.
For now, like before, he held the blade in his hand, wrapped in a thick wadding of cloth to keep it concealed, but also to keep the sword safely tucked away so he wouldn’t accidentally cut off his own fingers.
The cook stalls had opened again in the morning, and fresh fruits were laid out along with the other prepared foods. There were so many varieties consisting of meats, grains, plants like the ones he had eaten on the fire-roasted stick of meat the other night, as well as these strange fruits with hard shells he had spotted in the trees. He had paid for a kind of cake made from these ground up nuts.
The flavor was somewhat similar to the coconuts from his own lands, but these were far sweater. The morning meal seemed a good one and he ate it with gusto, almost turning around to get another, but decided against it.
I still haven’t bathed, he thought. Where do these people wash?
Shirp’s skin was sticky. He very much wished he could go to a sentō house and soak in a pool of hot water. Perhaps he needed to leave the main road and explore some back streets to find a wash house of some kind.
Unfortunately, the samurai felt mildly annoyed when he clearly wandered off into a residential area. Children played in the narrow alleys here, while their mothers washed laundry and hung them on twine to dry in the sun.
There were no demi-humans that he saw, making him wonder if there was a racial separation in Oravar.
Above, there was so much laundry in fact, the alleyways of multiple-level houses had a colorful, almost festive air that blocked out most of the hot sun.
Shiro smiled as a gentle breeze pushed past him. It felt wonderful. 
The experience was not expected. I’m quite enjoying this walk.
There was a woman leaning over her stone steps, hanging a pair of trousers. He looked up at her, asked her where he might find a wash house. She spoke quickly and he had no idea what she said. But after miming the washing of his body—which was very humbling—she pointed in a general direction and he went on his way.
Eventually he did find the indicated wash house, and was—to say the least—unimpressed. The establishment consisted of raised water troughs with a thin line cut in the bottom. There was some moderate privacy, but his upper shoulders and his calves were visible outside of the wooden walls.
Shiro washed quickly, keeping his sword in the stall with him as he did so. The water was warmed, but not very hot. Perhaps this was a good thing, as the weather was dry and hot here.
The price was cheap. At least he thought so.
Perhaps he could get a bath if he paid more at another establishment, but at least he was now clean and knew where to go if he needed to wash himself again.
His next stop was the clothing establishment. He thought maybe they had overcharged him, or the high price could have been due to the fabrics he had chosen?
In any event, he thought, I have spent another third of my money.
It was embarrassing to have a woman take his measurements, putting her hands in places Shiro was not accustomed too. In his own lands, such a thing would be almost scandalous.
For his choices, he made his decisions mostly based on a man browsing the fabrics within the shop. He kept his sandals, and chose a pair of voluminous white trousers. The material almost shimmered, and felt smoother than anything he had ever experienced. Shiro also requested a jacked which he wore under a thin shirt with a low neckline.
He felt odd and out of place in these clothes, but others were wearing much the same thing, even the women, albeit, in more feminine cuts and styles, and of course colors.
With new clothes, a place to stay and a place to wash, Shiro now needed to find a way to make some coin to support himself.
But how could he do such a thing? He spoke not a word of the language in these lands. If he became poor enough, even being a farm hand like he had been just two days earlier would be acceptable.
He had made strides to speak to the recognizable demi-human races known to his homeland of Mikuma, but so far, none of them spoke Shiro’s language.
Are my troubles the typical troubles of an isekai?
Growing up, he had heard tails of isekai, peoples taken to other continents—or in some cases, even worlds—not their own, left to their own devices to survive.
It was heartening to Shiro that he recognized certain races, such as the horned oni, multi-tailed fushi and he thought he had even seen a cat eye woman.
At least I’m somewhere on my own world, he thought. The kami guide me—I am aren’t I?

Chapter Twenty-Four—Akarilion
“Did you… did you hear that?” Ali asked, a look of alarm on his face, then he whipped his head back to the demi-snakes before looking at Shiro again.
Shiro nodded, narrowed his eyes. “You said there was a jinni?”
Ali nodded fervently.
The demi-snakes were backing away now, to Shiro’s astonishment. He had thought he heard the voice say that they could leave them alone. 
He swallowed, stood up straighter and stalked toward the statue. “Reveal yourself.”
Nothing.
“Why won’t it speak again?” Ali asked.
Shiro just looked at him, unsure of what to say.
“You don’t give me orders, mortal,” the voice said again.
Ali’s eyes widened and he took a step back. Shiro stood his ground. “Who are you? Do you have a name?”
“Does it matter?”
“Of course this jinni would play coy,” Ali said sarcastically.
“Did you command those demi-snakes to stop their attack against us?”
“What if I did?”
“Why would you do that?” Ali asked, looking up at the statue. “Why save us?”
“Why indeed,” the disembodied voice said. “Perhaps I need you for a task.”
“I task? What task?” There was a long pause. The voice did not speak. Finally Ali asked, “Where did she go?”
Shiro only shrugged, waiting patiently for her response.
It came.
“You dealt with the Spiders well.”
“Spiders?” Shiro asked. Why would she complement them on killing the spiders of all things? “There were only a few.”
“Not the spiders!” she snapped, “the Spiders.”
Ali glanced toward Shiro, then back to the statue. “Do you… do you mean the demi-snakes?”
“Yes.”
Shiro was confused.
“They are of the Order of the Spider,” she added. “An ancient order that worships the arachnid Queen Morgrylth.”
“We don’t know about that,” Ali said. “We don’t care who or what monsters worship, Jinni.”
“No, I suppose you short lived mortals wouldn’t. It is no matter. I may hold some sway over the monsters of this dungeon, but I do not command the guardian.”
Shiro was instantly alarmed. “There’s a guardian?”
“Yes,” she said. “A powerful monster, meant to keep me from escaping this festering place. You will battle it.”
“No!” Ali shrieked, then choked on something. H coughed. “We’re leaving. Shiro—let’s go!”
“Wait,” Shiro said. “Ali wait. Let’s hear her out.”
“Did you not hear her?” he said, gesturing frustratedly toward the statue. “The monster is a guardian, a dungeon boss. We are two adventurers. We must go!” He began to back away.
“Your friend… is either wise… or a coward.”
Shiro shrugged. “Perhaps a little of both.”
“Hmm,” the feminine voice chuckled mused. “Perhaps.”
“Do you know how we might kill this guardian?”
“There’s no time,” she said. “I’m surprised he hasn’t attacked you already. Kill him—then we can talk.”
Shiro took a few steps back. “Explain why we would do this?” 
“Come on, Shiro!” Ali called. 
Shiro glanced back, feeling a shortening of time, of a general menace in the huge cavern. Ali was far off. Shiro had hardly heard his call and the demi-snakes were nowhere to be seen.
If he turned and ran now, he and Ali could probably escape the dungeon. The monsters seemed to obey this invisible jinni.
“Why?” Shiro asked again, more frantically this time. He was very close to turning and running.
“Because if you do this, I will bestow great gifts upon you.”
“What gifts?”
“Magic, and much, much more. Now fight the guardian! Fight Akarilion and defeat him!”
As she commanded Shiro to do battle with the dungeon guardian called Akarilion, the water exploded and a massive beast full of spines and teeth flailed in the air. Shiro gasped as the creature crashed back into the water, disappearing under a tidal wave.

Chapter Twenty-Five—Dungeon Guardian Akarilion Vs. Isekai Adventurer
Water poured down atop Shiro so hard he lost balance and fell onto his chest. He slipped the first time he tried to get up and hit his knee on the hard stones as he grasped his sword hilt and ran after the other adventurer.
Shiro ran down the thoroughfare as fast as he could, but to his right a wave of water rushed toward his escape path. The beast broke the water and slithered into the stone path.
Eyes wide, Shiro turned and ran, jumped for cover behind one of the massive statues lining the walkway. That barely slowed the dungeon guardian, but Shiro was prepared. When it slithered around the statue, he screamed and attacked the boss with an arching slash that put a gash on its scaly face.
Recoiling with a hiss so high pitched, he screamed again in pain as the sheer force of the monster’s cry made his ears feel like they were being augured as he ran back toward the jinni statue.
The dungeon boss came for him with renewed vengeance, its spines and its rough undulating movement crashing the statues on either side of the path into rubble. 
Shiro ducked behind the arch he and Ali had hid behind when the demi-spiders had been advancing on them, then darted out and threw his scimitar at the serpent, the blade cutting a blow against a fin on the side of its head.
The creature recoiled, its neck curving in preparation for a strike. The guardian’s teeth were the size of daggers!
Shiro jumped as soon as it struck. The force of the serpent’s attack sent itself into the water, causing stones and water to rain down on him. He curled himself up, protecting his head and face with his hands.
Why did I not run?
“Fight, coward,” a voice came. 
Ignoring the jinni’s insolent command that he fight, Shiro got to his feet and unslung his katana.
“That’s more like it.”
Growling, Shiro searched the water for the beast. Where was it? For the most part, the waters were calm, except for the recent disturbance from when the serpent had tried to devour him.
If that boss gets its jaws atop me, it’ll swallow me whole!
He heard the water moving before he saw the creature break the surface. Shiro stood, staring up at it, his mouth agape. He was too far from anything to jump and hide. In moments the dungeon boss would eat him.
Shiro took two steps back and screamed as the serpent launched another toothy attack at him. He jumped, narrowly avoiding death. He scrabbled across the wet tiles, but the monster was on his tail, screeching and hissing its fury with those green-slit eyes.
The sound of its scales moving across the dungeon floor sounded like a giant stone being dragged.
Shiro ran, but he couldn’t help but glance back.
There it was.
It’s maw.
Wide open and taller than two doors.
He screamed and ran as fast as his legs would carry him.
And then the samurai was knocked forward, slammed against the tiles before something huge and wet slid under him, pulling him back into…
…the jaws of the dungeon boss!
A dark shadow enveloped him and as the knives closed down, Shiro thought he heard the sound of a woman laughing.
“KUUUSSOOO!!!!!”

Chapter Twenty-Six—A Careful Study
One Year Ago
With a lot of searching, Shiro had found a much cheaper room to sleep in at night. It had taken a lot of effort, first finding the establishments, then going in and asking for a room, only finding out how much the price was by putting coins on the counters and having the inn keepers pull the correct amount from his pile. He took  them back when he felt the price was too high.
Shiro suspected that most of these innkeepers pulled away far more coins than the actual cost, but what could he do otherwise?
The establishment he was now staying at was a quarter the price of the first he had stayed. Perhaps the innkeeper was honest. 
Or was it that is daughter behind the counter simply wasn’t trying to steal from me?
He wondered if on the next night, if her father was behind the counter, if he would try to overcharge Shiro. Perhaps these were not only the woes of an isekai but as a foreigner in a new land as well.
In any case, if her father or mother was behind the counter, he would put the same amount of coin down as the daughter had taken and he would turn around and walk out as if their daily business was concluded, giving them no room to balk. 
This was what Shiro was thinking while he sat at a drinking establishment with no one to talk to. He was seated in a tall chair amongst other patrons drinking their spirits or eating food. It was a semi-outside establishment next to the river and the large green awning provided ample shade.
Shiro had chosen this establishment because he had seen groups of travelers coming and going constantly from this area. They would arrive, tether their animals, go into the building there—it had flags—leave and then untether their animals and enter the city proper.
Watching carefully, what he also realized was that there were many men present with swords. They looked like adventurers, or perhaps guards?
If he was to find work, this would be the place. But how to ask? And who would give him work when he spoke nothing of the language?
Shiro sighed heavily, watching another caravan depart along the road out of the city. Watching carefully, he saw that a guard had gone to one of the caravans and slapped his weapon. 
This made Shiro sit up suddenly, and as he did so, the man spoke, to the caravan leader, though he couldn’t hear what was said from the distance. The man of who he thought was a guard of some sort rubbed his fingers together, and the caravan leader nodded.
The swordsman departed with them.
So this is how it is done?
Shiro made the decision to approach the next departing caravan and do likewise. Perhaps he would find some work so he wouldn’t starve. 
I won’t starve.
The strange trees and their hard nuts were everywhere, and water was abundant because of the river. Among the sellers in the city were many foods, cooked and prepared, but also raw fruits and vegetables were plentiful.
Though he didn’t know what the consequences of stealing food were here. Perhaps they would cut his head off if caught?
They throw out the old food, he thought. He growled in his throat with the thought of scavenging for refuse and surviving off of it.
He needed to find work, and fast or he would go mad with the indignity forced upon him.
A caravan arrived from within the inner city.
Shiro took his chance and waded out into the hot sun and crossed the street. He made a noise, raised his hand to the man at the front. He decided not to speak, simply to gesture mostly, and he slapped his hand against his new scabbard and pinched his fingers together.
The man shook his head and then proceeded to ignore him.
Well, he thought, even a rejection is good. This means he understood what I was after. If I ask enough of them, one will say yes… eventually.
*
As soon as Dev wasn’t being watched, he cast his reveal spell to make his staff reappear, the heavy, gnarled magical item thumped onto the desert ground. He needed the ochre-colored staff to perform his next spell.
The world turned and he was gone, moved back to Oravar to the designated magical link rune he had inscribed atop a sandstone building with a terrace overlooking the drinking establishment where the isekai had been sitting.
With another spell, Dev’s adventurer garb vanished, revealing his robes and upturned leather shoes. Perhaps he was out of place, so he did not summon his hat.
He hoped the sun didn’t burn him up here. With red hair and a light complexion, he was particularly prone to overexposure and he didn’t like using too much magic—not for little things like blocking the sun from his skin. 
It was a waste, and wasting magic was irresponsible.
The isekai of Mikuma—Dev had recognized his region—had known him as an isekai due to his slightly misaligned aura, was getting up, moving to the other caravans, and as Dev had shown him, he was now tapping his sword and pinching his fingers together.
It wasn’t a large push in the right direction, but the man seemed capable. He didn’t need Dev to coddle him. Surely the man would find some work eventually and begin to make his way in this part of the world.
And perhaps back to his homeland.
Had a person seen Dev upon the terrace, watching him, perhaps unexpectedly, that person would have witnessed his self-satisfied smile. It wasn’t a smile of arrogance or malevolence. No, Dev was not playing with this isekai.
The mage had places to be—others to help, and evil to destroy.
“I am supremely happen that I could lend you a helping hand, friend. Good luck to you and may your fortunes bode you well.”
With his parting words that no one heard, Dev the mage tapped his staff on the stone roof and he disappeared.

Chapter Twenty-Seven—Isekai In The Jaws of Blood and Slime
Shiro wasn’t dead.
NOT YET AT LEAST!
The inside of the dungeon boss’ throat was like being thrown into a refuse pile of rotting meat and smothered with rocks covered in slimy-wet pillows as the muscles of the beast’s throat rose and contracted to force Shiro further down and into the stomach where he knew he would no doubt be dissolved into nothingness in moments.
Screaming in fear and in pain as he was battered down Akarilion’s throat, Shiro swiped about with his katana which only seemed to force the muscles to move faster.
His blade wasn’t causing enough damage. Not in a throat this huge. He needed to drive his blade into the soft flesh but Shiro couldn’t rise to his knees to do so as he slipped about. 
The throat muscles rose and contracted again, dragging him farther and farther down. He screamed, the terror of his situation becoming more and more evident as he had several moments to think about what was coming. Dying was easy. Seeing one’s death was never easy—especially if was to be a horribly grotesque one.
That he was inside the thing’s throat, that he had no control enraged him. “Kami samma!” Shiro screamed and angled his katana sideways at an oblique angle to the direction of his travel and thrust sideways with all his might.
A deafening thrum hit him like a pile of stones as Akarilion must have let out a cry of pain and anguish as the inside of his throat just received a deep tear.
A new warmth splashed over Shiro, a strong taste of metal filling his mouth as he swallowed the dungeon guardian’s blood and coughed it back up.
Again, Shiro screamed, his fear and his rage rising. “DIE!”
He pulled his blade out and thrust again, this time harder, deeper, and he angled the blade downward slightly—down toward the beast’s ghastly stomach of bile and acid as he used his sword as an anchor to keep himself from falling down.
The harder Akarilion tried to swallow him, the larger the gash became and the more blood poured over Shiro. 
He must have looked like a pickled-stupid-tomato as he had once heard the phrase from a demi-human in some tavern somewhere (take note of the DanMachi rephrence).
“Agh!” he let out, a cry of disgust, but one of might and challenge against Akarilion as they fought each other for life, both trying to kill one another. “Try it again!” Shiro screamed. “Swallow me—foul beast!”
The world around Shiro shook and a rumbling reverberated about Akarilion as the samurai’s sense of direction shifted. 
The beast was thrashing, trying to dislodge Shiro!
“Iie!!!!”
And then…
The force of the muscles, slackened, changed, and a new putrid stench rose up about Shiro which made him instantly wretch. Among the smells and the slime and the blood, it was of little consequence in light of his situation.
The force of Akarilion’s throat had changed direction.
Shiro was now moving back toward its mouth.
What is this?!
“You trying to spit me out, now?! Ha!”

Chapter Twenty-Eight—A Typical Mikuman Fare of Raw Fish
“Gaaahh!!!”
Shiro was battered about, his body turned and massaged as Akarilion attempted to disgorge him back out his throat.
Shiro couldn’t let that happen.
Not now! Not now that I have the upper hand!
And if he…
If he forces me back into his mouth, he’ll rip me to pieces.
Shiro screamed again, writhing to wright himself. It didn’t matter what his direction was, he realized. Pulling his katana close to his body, he angled the blade toward himself, stabbing into Akarilion’s fleshy throat and ripping into him with a sawing motion as the outside world thundered.
The dungeon boss thrashed and roared, its cries heightening in pitch as Shiro’s ears throbbed from the sharp vibrations.
Akarilion was in pain. 
“Good!” Shiro called, grunting and screaming as he ripped about inside Akarailion’s throat and thrusting his blade as deep as he could.
Blood poured profusely, the dungeon boss’ thrashing increasing and his cries now a high pitched wale of pain and terror. Shiro cut his way through piles of flesh and slime.
There was a sudden muffled thunder from outside and Shiro’s position was dislodged, his sword coming out of Akaralion’s flesh as it slipped out of his hands.
“No! NOOOO!!!”
Where is my sword? 
Frantically Shiro searched about in the blood and slime for his weapon, but he couldn’t find it, certainly he couldn’t feel it!
WHERE IS MY SWORD?!
Remembering he had his glow stone inside his bag, he searched about, his hands riffling so fast through its contents he felt his fingers knock about the stones multiples times.
Screaming in frustration, he deliberately forced himself to slow his search until he lodged the stone against the inner corner of his bag where he was able to grasp it tightly and rip it free, its bright light giving him luminance to see by.
Inside of Akarilion’s throat was a cavern of knotted muscles with red and yellow networks of veins, all covered in mucus and blood, the gashes he had made a horrendous sight of butchered meat among this otherwise repulsive view.
Shiro caught site of his sword hilt, its blue crisscrossed fabric clearly visible. 
My sword!
He squirmed, grasping and kicking against the muscles that jumped and contracted in an attempt to force him down the gullet. Screaming, he jumped for the blade, and had it not slipped from its crevice, he would not have been able to reach it.
“Hai!” he cried out in excitement, his lifeline found. “Haiii!!!”
Without a second’s hesitation, Shiro dropped his glow stone and thrust his sword back into Akarilion’s throat, but this time with more force as he pushed his palm against the flat back, forcing the blade to sink deep to create a rent gash.
Screaming, he pushed deeper, sawing at the flesh and driving his blade deeper and deeper, whales of pain emitting from within Akarilion’s throat that made Shiro cry out from the sound vibration where were almost a physical attack upon him.
Elbow deep in rented flesh, blood squirting up in geysers at his face, Shiro doubled and tripled his efforts as he sunk to his shoulders in raw-cut meat, screaming like a man gone mad.

Chapter Twenty-Nine—The Isekai’s Encounter
Akarilion, the massive spine-covered serpent guardian of the dungeon so named after, thrashed, destroying the dungeon statues and arching stones.
His death throes forced waves high enough to wash away anyone standing atop the platforms into the dark abyss of the massive cavern as he howled a cry so high and sonorous the air shook—before he finally fell, dead atop the platform, the light in his eyes gone.
All was quiet, save for water running back to where it to belonged. Time passed without sound or stirring, until a subtle knifing of flesh echoes into the cavern space.
A katana burst its way through the scaly flesh of the dead Akarilion, so named after the dungeon, and the dungeon after he, as a foreigner not of these lands burst through cut flesh.
Shiro rolled out onto the platform completely covered in blood as if he had jumped into a vat of red die. As he landed, he rolled, his sword clattering loudly among the stones as he coughed, paused, coughed again, blood coming up from out of his throat.
“Ah,” a sweet and feminine voice said from nowhere in particular, “so you’ve defeated the dungeon guardian.”
That voice, so amused, chuckled melodically and then ended in a loud, self-possessed sigh of relief, or amusement, whatever which, Shiro couldn’t say, and at this time, didn’t care.
He sucked in air deeply, breathing the fresh stale air of the dungeon. It seemed fresh after his time inside the beast’s fetid throat.
She chuckled again.
Shiro finally stirred, leaning his head and glancing about for the source of the voice—and there was indeed a source now, coming from everywhere, and yet at the same time behind the dead form of Akarilion. How he could hear it from over there, he couldn’t say.
Shiro got to his feet, picked up his katana and trudged around the toothy maw of the dungeon boss, its dead glossy eyes staring at nothing. It was the statue, the one of the woman, still intact, the lamp sitting in the figure’s open hand, but the silken drapery had washed away, exposing the statue’s sexual form fully. 
And then Shiro’s heart jumped as a woman walked out from behind the statue, her hips swaying as her feet crisscrossed in mid stride and clothed in the drapery of the statue he had thought washed away.
Shiro gaped.
This woman… she is the same as the statue but… flesh and blood!
“Y—you…” he stammered, trailing off.
The woman smiled, leaned on one leg as she put her hand on her hip. “I bet you never coughed up so much blood that wasn’t your own before.”
Shiro glanced at the statue, to the gleaming lamp that seemed to take on a new sparkle and then back to the woman.
“What’s the matter, Adventurer?” she asked with a chuckle. “Have you never seen a jinni before?”
Shiro shook his head.
“Hmm.” She shrugged. “Well now you have.” She spread out her arms. “What do you think?”
“I”—he coughed—“Are you real?”
She scoffed. “Of course I’m real, you fool!” 
And then she put a palm forward, some unseen force shunted Shiro away from her. He landed on his back with a grunt and slid half a pace across the smooth stones.
So tired, and yet he forced himself up onto his elbows and shook his head. “Agh!”
“That real enough for you?”
“That was rude.”
She smirked. “Hmph!” 
Then she made a beckoning motion and Shiro started sliding across the stones toward her, his heels catching which caused him to flip onto his stomach with another loud grunt.
He breathed for a moment, then looked up at her.
“Is that better?”
Growling in his throat, he backed two paces away on his hands and knees and grabbed his sword, stood.
“There’s no need for that.”
The samurai rolled his shoulders, but said nothing. And he did not sheath his katana.
“If I’d wanted you dead, you wouldn’t be standing here right now.”
Is she telling the truth?
“I’m telling the truth.”
“What?”
“I said I’m telling the truth. Can you still hear, or did Akarilion deafen you?”
“Forgive me… if I’m having trouble now,” he said. He glanced at the monster, it’s girth three times that as he was tall and then he rolled his eyes back to her.
“Hmm.” She walked toward him slowly, her gait seductive and beguiling. 
Shiro tensed, but he didn’t take a step back, didn’t raise his sword against her.
When she lifted her hands toward him he tensed more, but didn’t move as she cupped his ears. There was sudden warmth and a mild pain. 
What is she doing?
She lowered her arms. “Is that better?”
It was. She had healed him!
Shiro nodded. “Arigatou.”
“Now,” she said, matter of factly, “listening to the conversation between you and that scoundrel, I understand that your name is Shiro?”
“Hai!”
He meant to correct himself for speaking the confirmation in his own language, but she nodded. “Very well.” She started circling him. “You’re a very curious looking man.”
“I am…” he started, turning to keep eye contact with her. “I’m not from these lands.”
“To be sure. You’re an مسافر, yes?”
“What?”
“Oh, apologies. An old word from another culture. You’re a magical traveler.” 
“Hai—yes! I am an isekai.”
“An isekai…?” She said the word thoughtfully. “Yes, you are, aren’t you?”
Shiro’s eyes widened. “You know what that is?”
She smiled.
By the kami—she’s beautiful.
“Thank you.”
Shiro cocked his head. “You—?“
“I know what you speak of,” she interrupted. “I can sense it in your aura.”
“I have an aura?”
“All living things, and some not so living have auras, you barbarian.”
Shiro growled deep in his throat, barely audible to even himself. Normally he would not let insults stand, but he was so bewildered right now he didn’t have the stamina or the courage to say anything.
“What is your name?” he asked.
She looked at him, continued to circle him as her bare feet pattered softly on the wet stones. Her ivory skin made her dark wavy hair and eyebrows stand out as rather striking to Shiro and her very near nakedness except for the almost-sheer-shawl wrapped about her shoulders and covering her front and backside—which left little to the imagination—made him feel very uncomfortable.
He tried not to look at her in that way, but…
My heart is beating almost as fast as when the dungeon boss attacked me.
She smirked at him then, her full pink limps having a playfully insolent air, her large brown eyes studying as she looked him up and down. She blinked softly with long lashes as she tilted her head slightly, her smirk receding and a friendly demeanor coming over her. “You may call me by my name. It’s Jessamine.”
Shiro nodded. “Hai.”
Jessamine smiled. “Now go swim in the water, please. You’re a mess.”
“Na—nani?”

Chapter Thirty—High Tier Adventure
Nearly Six Months Ago
The establishment was busy tonight. Faridoon, a wealthy vizier and his personal company sat in the corner, waiting, while Mirrikh and Javed waited near the bar where drinks were being served.
In the center of the cantina, a group of barely clothed belly dancers with their faces covered and adorned with silver and gold, twirled and undulated their hips to the song of a band of bards with stringed instruments, tambourines and drums. They had an audience, but not a raucous one. This establishment was of a different sort and didn’t allow overt drunken behavior, especially when it came to touching the slave girls.
Had one been paying attention, he would have been able to see clearly through the carousing patrons that Mirrikh and Javed were agitated as they waited for their leader. The vizier and his expensive company continued casting looks toward them as if to say “where is your leader?”
The thick double doors of the establishment were opened to reveal a new group of patrons. Seven men, a foreigner at their head dressed in voluminous white pantaloons, a jacket with gold silk embroidery and a low-neckline tunic underneath. On his back was a strangely curved sword slung there. 
It was not a scimitar blade.
The music stopped and the dancing girls straightened, glancing at the group of high-tier adventurers who had disturbed their performance by no attempt of their own devising.
Shiro strode into the whorehouse with his seven companions and was instantly enveloped by the strong scent of shashu leaf smoke and alcohol. There was a visible haze in the air. 
The disturbed patrons and purveyors alike might have wondered if he and his group were here to cause trouble—perhaps to attack a rival or do vengeance on an adventurer party who had done them wrong previously.
 When Shiro went to the bar to speak to his friends, then was quietly lead to the private booths, the night’s festivities continued.
Once they were all seated, the vizier spoke. “So,” Faridoon said. “These are your men?” Shiro nodded stoically, said nothing. 
The vizier and his three friends glanced about themselves, silent communication taking place. “We are interested in pursuing our previous conversation,” he finally said.
The vizier Faridoon came from money. He wore the finest white silks, rings adorned his fingers, and his four bodyguards that Shiro had noted spread about the floor on his way in did not come cheaply.
Without preamble, Faridoon said, “No one has gotten past the ninth floor of Narkuun before. What makes you think that you and your men can do this thing for us?”
Shiro didn’t want to tell Faridoon that he and his company were capable of the job. Bravado was cheap and not to be trusted. Any man—especially a vizier worth his salt would know that.
“You put out a notice offering payment for this task. I’m here to tell you we can do it—with the right provisions as we previously spoke about. If you are having second thoughts,” Shiro said, “perhaps me and my men should leave to pursue other leads. There are plenty of jobs at the guilds that pay well.”
Faridoon said nothing. He seemed thoughtful, critically so. Shiro had learned that over eagerness was not the way to gain trust, or to have an investor feel confident in a venture.
He had come a long way since that day at the bar on the edge of Oravar pinching his fingers and slapping his blade in the hopes he would get work. Though work he had gotten. And the rest had sorted itself out.
Time to leave, Shiro thought.
“Very well, Vizier Faridoon. We’re leaving.” He got up.
“Wait!” Faridoon said.
Shiro stood, not giving in an inch. He was not bluffing. Ready to walk out any moment, he glanced about the main room and the frolicking patrons impatiently.
“Just hold for a moment,” the vizier continued, motioning for Shiro to sit. “Please.”
Reluctantly, Shiro did as requested and then after a moment of conferring quietly in whispers with his friends, Faridoon said, “And you are sure you can get past the ninth floor? I must recoup my expenditure. If you fail my credibility might be ruined.”
“We will get past the floor and find those treasures for a full payback and a sixty-forty split, as we earlier spoke of.”
“Seventy-thirty,” he said, his haggler’s face now showing. 
And a vizier, even…
Shiro sighed. “Goodbye.”
“Ugh! All right. You win, adventurer!” Faridoon said. “You drive a hard bargain, infidel.”
Shiro smiled. 
“When can the gold be moved, or do you wish to oversee our provisioning?”
“Umm,” Faridoon said, raising an eyebrow.
“I think I trust you. You are well known in this city. You are a man of honor. Come by my manor in three days’ time at noon. I will have the gold ready for you.”
Lazy.
Shiro nodded, said no more, and the two companies parted.

Chapter Thirty-One—An Isekai and Legendary Loot
Shiro shook the water out of his hair. The swim did him well. He was no longer covered in blood and foul-smelling filth, but his clothes had been ruined and were now stained with a blotchy pinkness.
He had even washed his sword.
Looking up, he noticed she was watching him, a private little smile on her face. His cheeks heated as he took note of her legs and he looked down at the stones.
“Oh, don’t be so bashful, my little isekai.”
He looked at her then.
My isekai?
“You asked me to defeat the dungeon boss,” he said. “I have.”
“Ah,” she said, cupping her elbow in one hand and touching her chin with her other. “The adventurer returns. I did make you a promise, didn’t I, Shiro?”
Magic and much, much more…
She smiled.
“What do you have for me, lady?”
“Do you see that?” She nodded toward the naked statue of herself.
“Hai,” he said, feeling bashful. The statue was a very accurate depiction of herself. In fact, Shiro knew it wasn’t just accurate, it was perfect.
“No need to need to feel that way, my adventurer.”
“I am sorry,” he said, looking down at the dungeon floor.
“I said there’s no need,” she insisted, her face turning to annoyance. “Only a fool would be cloth—she laughed—or not be cloth herself for others to see and then become angry when she was looked upon.” 
There was a pause, but then Shiro looked up, agreeing with her completely. It didn’t make him feel any more comfortable though.
“Do you see that lamp?” she continued. “It’s my vessel. I preside there.”
 “You live… inside the lamp?”
“Yes,” she said, smiling.
Shiro almost wanted to look away from that smile. It was… powerful.
Then she giggled.
“What are you laughing at?” he asked, frowning.
She bit her nail, and shook her head. “I am a jinni. Do I not have permission to keep my own council?”
Not wanting to upset her, he shook his head and put up a hand for peace between himself and her.
“I offered you magic. Take the lamp and keep it on your person, and I will bestow some of my powers upon you, adventurer.”
“Truly?” he asked, knowing nothing of the jinni and her race. Were the jinni even a race? He wished Ali was here, but the coward had run away as soon as Akarilion had appeared and hadn’t come back.
He’s probably whipping his camel’s rump across the desert right now with his glow stones in hand—off to make a profit.
“Yes, truly,” she said. “There is more I need from you, but before I make my request, I suggest you leave this place.”
“Why?”
“I am not the mistress of this dungeon, and though Akarilion is dead, his servants still lurk. They fear me—my powers, but they will not be gone forever. The Spiders are cowards, but in numbers they have strength, and they do have numbers. This dungeon is vast. I’m surprised you bumbling fools didn’t get lost and hacked to pieces.”
“And that reminds me,” Shiro said. “I heard you laughing when Akarilion tried to eat me.”
She did laugh now with her own self amusement.
“It is not funny!”
“It’s hilarious!”
If she was a man, I would cut him in two. 
He couldn’t help but clench his fists and jaw, but decided to say nothing.
“Do you know how long I’ve been here? How many greedy adventurers I’ve seen try to take my lamp over the years and fail? One can only be disappointed so many times before things become rather funny. Would you not say so?”
Growling, Shiro thought of her question. He wanted to be fair, but he felt insulted.
She clicked her tongue. “I’m sorry.”
“You mock me?!”
“No,” she said, mock sincerity dripping in her tone.
“Fine!” he barked and waved a dismissive hand. “I’m leaving your lamp here. Sayōnara!”
He turned and stalked away down the platform and walked for twenty or thirty paces, then stopped. Shiro turned to regard the statue and the lamp. 
Where is she?
“I’m right here!”
He jumped, turned in midair. Gritting his teeth he commanded, “Don’t do that!”
She chuckled. “Settle down, Shiro. I am sorry. I didn’t mean to offend you. We’re from different worlds after all. How am I to know your sensibilities?”
Thinking about that, he decided to forgive her. “Very well.”
“Now take my lamp and let us go. I know the perfect way out of this prison.”
He did as she requested, taking the lamp, which was rather light to hold. He stood awkwardly for a moment. “Can I… put you in my bag?”
She giggled. 
“The lamp is my vessel, it’s not me, silly. Go ahead.”
“Mm.” He grasped the lamp out of the statue’s hand, looked at it for a moment. It was masterfully crafted with embellishments and patterns, polished to a high sheen. He  shunted the legendary loot into his bag and slung it to his side.
“I’m so excited, Shiro!”
He grunted out a nonverbal response. 
“You will be happy you found me,” she said sweetly.
Her next words, seductive, almost sensual, were not spoken aloud.
I promise, she said.

Chapter Thirty-Two—Better Acquaintance
They walked on back across the raised thoroughfare with the archways and statues. Shiro had to step carefully though the rubble of much of it, caused by Akarilion’s violent thrashing during their battle.
Shiro turned, glanced one more time back at the giant dead serpent, the dungeon guardian and boss, so named after the dungeon and the dungeon after him. He let out a sigh of relief.
“I knew you would win,” Shiro, Jessamine said as she walked with him. Her tone didn’t sound very believable.
Only a little time ago he had thought she’d uttered words inside his mind, but decided not to say anything about that right now. He wanted to get out of here, back to the surface.
They left the cavern and made their way back to the chamber with the pillars and the elongated pool. The glow stones were still active, torches on every pillar lit. The dungeon was alive, its inhabitants active, though Shiro couldn’t see any of them.
The corpses he and Ali had made had been cleaned, the arrows gone. 
There isn’t even any blood.
“The monsters take care of the dungeon,” Jessamine said in explanation. Shiro eyed her askance, wondering if she could hear his thoughts. 
He needed to be careful. He knew very little of Jessamine—did not fully understand her motives or intentions.
“This dungeon,” she added, “Akarilion. It’s my prison.”
Am I imagining that she’s responding to my thoughts? Iie, that can’t be.
“Your prison?” he asked.
“Yes. Now turn here,” she said, pointing and leading the way down one of the corridors he and Ali hadn’t explored.
“Why are we going this way? The exit is that direction.”
“This is quicker.”
“If this dungeon is your prison, how do you know how to get out?”
“The lamp,” she said. “It prevents me from wandering too far.”
“You cannot pick it up?”
She shook her head.
“Who put you down here?”
She made an amused noise. “Why don’t we make our way out of this dark festering pit of mummies and Spiders before I tell you these things?”
“Mm. Hai.”
So, she wanted to keep secrets, he thought. She’s not being completely honest with me.
“It’s not that I’m trying to avoid telling you, Shiro,” she said—Shiro eyes widened slightly, but he schooled his features—“but the denizens of this place work for the one who put me here. Strictly speaking, I’m not allowed to leave, and you’re not allowed to be here. They fear me, but they also know I can’t leave on my own. I’m hoping that because of Akaralion’s death, they will allow you to leave peacefully, especially since…”
“Since I have your lamp?”
She looked at him and nodded. “Just being in your possession, you now have access to some of my magic gifts.”
“Will you give me three wishes?”
She giggled. “Fairy tales, my sweet Shiro. Fairy tales.”
“Oh,” he said, completely ignorant and willing to let her tell him what a jinni was capable of. He supposed he trusted her on this?
As they made their way down the corridor, a Snake, or rather a demi-snake of the Snakes slithered out. 
Shiro came up short.
“Ignore him,” she hissed quietly. “You have a right to leave now.”
The Snake glanced at Shiro, clearly seeing him as he touched his katana sheath hanging on his back, but he didn’t move to draw the blade and continued walking, the snake slithering along in another direction.
Shiro’s heart was racing.
He wasn’t afraid of one demi-snake, but if they tried to stop him from leaving, he didn’t think he would make it out without Ali.
“I wonder where that scoundrel went off to,” Jessamine mused. “Now here,” she said, taking Shiro into what looked like a lift. There was a lever. “You must press this. “I can touch physical objects, but I cannot touch that. It has a spell on it to prevent my kind from interacting with it.”
Shiro nodded, pushed the lever. Internal gears started working and the lift jerked to life, then started taking them up.
“I lost my stone,” he said, more to himself than to her.
“No need,” she said, uttering something in a language he didn’t understand and a small orb of light appeared with them in the lift.
Shiro smiled.
“Surprised, are you?”
“Let’s just say that… I’m not used to being around magic often.”
“Hmm,” she noised, smirking at him, some private thought unbeknownst to him. But then she said, “That’s about to change, Shiro. Now this lift will take us to the surface, and from there, we can go to wherever you wish.”
He nodded.
Nowhere too private, I hope. 
Shiro jerked upright. The words inside his head, again were loaded with innuendo and in Jessamine’s voice.
He looked at her. The smile on her face—a knowing one, was clear for him to see.
We have a lot of work to do, my sweet.
“Y—you… YOU CAN SPEAK INSIDE MY HEAD?!”

Chapter Thirty-Three—Debt Collectors
Jessamine threw her head back and laughed. 
“Answer my question.”
She did not. Instead she looked at him indulgently as the lift shook, the ceiling breaking to reveal falling sand and morning sunlight. They both stepped back to avoid the sand fall as the lift came to ground inside of a small stone structure of pillars and no walls.
Shiro glanced about. They were surrounded by palm trees atop a hill, the oasis ravine not far away.
“So it’s still here,” she said. 
“What is?”
“The oasis,” Jessamine said. “It must be magically induced here in the desert.”
Shiro lead the way through the hot sands. “My camel is this way.”
“And your cowardly friend?”
Shiro didn’t answer, only grunted.
They came over the sandy dunes and into a thick cops of trees. The turtle nuts were scattered about. Shiro still wanted to collect a few. They contained milk, so it wouldn’t be a bad idea to carry a dozen or so into the desert in case he ran out of water again.
As they broke the tree line and came to the river, Shiro noticed the camels were standing and seemed somewhat agitated. To the left there was a high dune with trees, and coming around it, Shiro spotted Ali on his knees, a man behind him with a wicked knife against his throat.
Flanking that man were five others. 
Shiro came up short.
“Oh,” Jessamine said. “What is this? More friends of yours?”
“Not quite,” Shiro said quietly in answer.
“Shiro Takeda!” a tall man said, stepped forward. He wore an open jacket and a turban of black cloth, his upturned shoes filigreed in gold. “I am Haydaru—sent by vizier Faridoon.”
Shiro straightened. “What do you want?”
The man had a scar running down his cheek and a bent nose that had evidentially been broken before. “We’re here to collect the money you owe to the vizier.”
Oh, Jessamine conveyed inside his head. I see.
You said you had magic to bestow upon me?
She giggled. 
Ali stared at him. His eyes held a look of anger, possibly contempt for Shiro, but it was hard to say in this situation. 
Shiro spread his arms. “I have nothing.”
The lead headsman narrowed his eyes. 
“Don’t lie, Shiro!” Ali called.
Heydaru glanced toward Ali, then looked at Shiro. “What is your friend talking about?”
“The lamp!” Ali spat. “It’s in his bag!”
Ugh! It was Jessamine conveying her disgust.
“Lamp?” Haydaru asked, looking back to Ali for explantion.
“Yes. Legendary loot worth a fortune!” The last word he uttered with a jerk forward, as if he were spitting it at Shiro.
I guess you two aren’t friends anymore, she conveyed lightly.
Shiro grit his teeth.

Chapter Thirty-Four—The Ninth Floor of Narkuun
Nearly Six Months Ago
With all their new equipment from the gold supplies by vizier Faridoon, there was no way they could lose this fight!
Still…
Shiro’s heart was beating fast.
“End of the ninth floor, heh, Shiro?” Mirrikh said, nudging him. They were both wearing the new alakyte armor they had purchased.
Shiro nodded.
The floor boss still remains, he thought. 
But the tricky thing about the Narkuun dungeon was that it was unpredictable. Floor bosses moved between levels, so adventurers never knew what they were getting when they entered into a boss room.
“Whoever it is,” Mazi said, his huge arms flexing as he uttered the words, “he’s about to be in a world of blood and pain!”
Javed laughed. “But we need to be careful. This expensive armor—“
“Armor!” Mirrikh broke in. “Forget about the armor, these weapons cost five times what our armor cost!”
“I was getting to that,” Javed said, a visible air of annoyance on his face. “My point is we can’t lose. Not with all this gear.”
Baibar came up at the rear in his light alakyte, a silvery-blue glint shining from the glowing crystals on this floor. “The others are securing the area and cleaning up for loot and other valuables,” he said, jerking a thumb over his shoulder, a long crystal-tipped spear in his hands.
Shiro had not chosen to buy a new weapon. In fact, they hadn’t had the funds for it. With one man short, Shiro had decided to use his katana, leaving his scimitar behind. The katana was a far superior blade in any event, forged by the master smiths in daimyo Karage’s employ.
Shiro made his way forward to the double doors of black-onyx stone. They were covered in runes of warning and magical warding. Unless the monsters on every floor up to this point were cleared, the doors would not open for any reason.
Shiro craned his neck to get a full view of them as they cracked, revealing the floor boss’ territory, a hilly expanse covered in crystal outcroppings, pools of glowing water and a Majja Vyne at the center with thorns the size of a man’s hand.
“Time to earn our keep,” Mirrikh said charging past Shiro.
No one had reached this floor boss in some weeks. Now Shiro and his team were entering after hardly breaking a sweat.
“Hopefully we get an easier floor boss, huh?” Baibar said.
Mazi harrumphed. “I don’t care what boss it is. I’m”—he sprinted to an outcropping of crystals—“GOING TO CRUSH IT TO PIECES!” He jumped, flipped and slammed his hammer into the mineral growths, shattering them into oblivion.
“Save your strength,” Shiro said.
“We’re going to shred this boss,” Baibar said.
“Do not be overconfident,” Javed added. “I’m with Shiro on this—though I do feel rather excited and unstoppable myself.”
So do I, he thought.
They ventured toward the center of the space. There was an even area, a platform of bricks to stand on. It was part of the original construction of the dungeon. Many of those bricks had fallen or chipped off, but the platform was still largely intact.
Lying against a large bolder, a skeleton with a rusted sword lay, it’s gaping maw open either in pure horror or laughter.
Maybe both.
Then the floor started to rumble.
“He’s coming,” Shiro said. “The boss.”
“Yeah,” Mirrikh said, “but which one?”
Mazi turned and looked at the other man. “Hope it’s not Salamandrid,” he said in his deep voice.
“Why not?”
“Too hot.”
“Ha!” Baibar said. “Maybe it’ll be Avalani. As strong as this armor is, if you press to impervious plates together, the soft stuff in between’s still gonna get squished.”
“That’s a wonderful thought,” Javed added.
“Let’s wait and see which boss we get,” Shiro said, “then formulate a plan as we fight. Get ready!”
He didn’t want to tell the others, but despite all their preparations, despite them being a group of high-class adventurers, Shiro had a bad feeling.
It is only jitters. We are well prepared.

Chapter Thirty-Five—Sword Skills of an Isekai
Haydaru gestured toward Shiro’s bag slung at his side. “Let’s have it.”
Reflexively, Shiro moved the bag further behind his hip.
Oh, Jessamine said. Aren’t you protective? How sweet.
“Hush.”
Haydaru tilted his head slightly. “You tell me to be silent when I have your friend?” He gestures with his sword. “Look at my men, you fool. Do you really want to fight us?”
“I—I didn’t mean—“
“No,” Haydaru cut him off sharply. “You didn’t. Now throw the bag here, or we bleed this goat lover.”
Ali looked up at Haydaru with a frown, but he said nothing. Would Shiro attempt to save Ali? He had abandoned him, like a coward, and what’s more, he snitched Shiro out to these headsmen.
Oh please, Jessamine conveyed to Shiro. He’s going to kill you as soon as he has your bag.
Shiro wasn’t sure what to do. He had no intention of surrendering the lamp. This was the loot he needed—that piece of legendary loot he had been searching for to correct all his problems.
Hey! I’m not loot!
“I’m—“ Shiro broke off. Then inside his head he thought, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to think of you like that. 
Surely… Jessamine conveyed in a drawl-like manner.
“Have you gone stupid?” Haydaru asked, his eyes narrowing. “Has the sun cooked your brain? Speak!”
Shiro glanced toward Ali and he thought the man gave him a very subtle nod. What did that mean? Well, he wasn’t going to give Haydaru the lamp in any event, and he wasn’t going to sacrifice himself to save Ali—though Shiro would save him if he could.
Instead of answering, Shiro sighed and unsheathed his sword. Haydaru scoffed. “This fool wants to fight? Fine, let us fight. Kill the goat lover, then kill—“
Suddenly the man holding Ali hostage grunted as Ali performed a maneuver that disarmed him, then sunk his teeth into the man’s wrist. Ali snatched up the dagger and then jumped in Shiro’s direction and rolled in the sand. He spun to face their attackers. 
“KILL THEM NOW!” Haydaru commanded. 
The five men drew their scimitars and spread out. “So,” Ali said, “I have the three on the right and you the three on the left?”
Oh please. As if you could only take three of these louts with me in your possession. This should be fun to watch.
“Hai!” Shiro said, and moved in to defend himself from the three attackers on his side. One man came in with an overhead attack, grunting with the force of his swing. Shiro dodged the attack and cut the headsman’s hand off with his katana, moved in and spun a circle around the man’s back before he even cried out and slashed his second opponent from behind with a downward thrust, then came back up with his blade for an upward slash at Haydaru, but the headsman angled his blade and parried the slice, then rolled out of Shiro’s reach.
What had just happened only took a moment, but to Shiro had felt like these men were lax—as if they hadn’t picked up a sword in ten years, their bodies stiff and lethargic.
The first two men fell to the sand with screams of agony. Haydaru glanced down at them, then back up at Shiro in alarm. 
How did I just do that? Shiro wondered.
Wow, Jessamine conveyed. Not bad, Adventurer. 
“Thank you.”
“WHAT?” Haydaru yelled at him. 
Shiro advanced.
“Wait! Stop!” Haydaru shouted, putting a palm forward. 
Shiro held still, Ali and his three opponents still grunting as they chased him about with their swords while he defended himself wildly with the dagger he had stolen. It befitted him. Ali was a roguish type after all.
“Call off your men,” Shiro commanded.
“Okay! Okay! I will do as you say!” He turned and bellowed, “STOP! Leave the goat lover alone!”
They obeyed.
“Now leave,” Shiro said, pointing toward the desert.
Without further words, Haydaru nodded stiffly. “Come!” he said to his men. They took their wounded, saddled their camels and departed with haste, one man sent behind to fill up a dozen water skins tied to a long stick. He moved quickly, seemingly afraid that Shiro would change his mind and cut him down.
You took to my sword magic quite well, Shiro.
“Thank you,” he said.
Ali frowned. “Who are you talking to?”
“Me.”
Ali whirled, saw Jessamine. “By the gods! You—you’re the jinni!” he said, pointing at her. It wasn’t but a moment later that he dragged his eyes across her body.
She smirked, her eyebrow raised skeptically. “And you’re the scoundrel.”
“What? I’m no scoundrel!”
She looked at him like he was holding a bag full of gold and saying he had found it on the side of the road. 
“In any event,” Shiro said, “we should leave this oasis. Go back to Atoulia.”
“Yes!” Ali said. “We’re rich now.”
Jessamine leaned on her hip, her posture unmoving as she stood still with an expectant look on her face.
“What is wrong?” Shiro asked.
“I’m just not sure we should travel with your friend here,” she said, gesturing toward Ali with her palm, “considering that he betrayed you, Shiro.”

Chapter Thirty-Six—Dungeon Boss
Nearly Six Months Ago
The ground shook as Shiro, Mirrikh, Javed, Mazi and Baibar stood in a semi-circle, waiting for the guardian of the ninth floor to arrive.
It wasn’t long before the ground in front of them began to crack, to split open as the dungeon boss arrived to confront them—to stop them from advancing any further.
“Quite the entrance,” Mazi said.
“Get ready!” Shiro called. “Do not give this boss any ground—any room to breathe. We attack!”
The other men in his company nodded, their weapons held high in defensive stances. 
“Does the ninth floor boss usually come out of the ground?” Baibar asked.
“Uh,” Mirrikh said dumbly. “Avalani, maybe?” The uncertainty in his tone was obvious.
Do we not know what boss this is? Shiro wondered. Then he said the words aloud. “What boss comes out of the ground?”
No one gave an answer to his question.
“We looked at the known bosses,” Mazi said, glancing toward Shiro. “Avalani, Salamandrid, Tirawani, Nine Claws and Oromoch!”
“None of them come out of the ground like this!” Shiro said.
He glanced toward the arena doors as the crack of light from the chamber beyond was shut out when they thundered closed.
“Well,” Javed said, “that was our only way out. We defeat this thing or…”
“Or he defeats us,” Shiro added. “Give no ground!”
And then the cracks in the floor split open, revealing a bulbous growth that rose through and above the ground.
“What the…?” 
“We’ve never seen this before!”
“This is not good. What is that thing? This is an irregular, isn’t it?”
“Stay calm,” Shiro said. “We do not know this floor boss. But we can defeat it.”
“It’s not even moving,” Javed said.
“Then let’s attack it!” Mazi spat, running and jumping with a battle cry. Like with the crystals, he flipped in the air and slammed his hammer into the bulbous growth, but nothing shattered. The force of his attack was mostly absorbed with a wet and squishy noise.
The surface of the monster was thick and spongy.
“We may need to cut through,” Shiro said. “Edge weapons!”
And then the bulb, large and heavy on the bottom, tapering near the top, split open with a wet sickly sound, the purple leaves spreading out to reveal a tangle of—
Are they tentacles?
They separated and began to writhe violently, sweeping about, searching for something to attack. The creature being a monster, and a floor boss, that searching pattern could be nothing else.
The ends of the tentacles had little sprouts with berry-like growths. 
“Agh!” Mazi cried and then he was flipped onto his back, his leg angled upward as one of the tentacle growths constricted his ankles.
He writhed.
“Cut him down!” Shiro called.
They charged in. Mirrikh was batted aside and went flying. Javed swiped at the boss, but a tentacle grabbed his arm. 
Shiro moved in and cut the arm with his katana and purple liquid shot forth, a muffled whaling cry coming from under the ground—from under the creature.
It shot a bolt of fear through Shiro’s stomach. Whatever they were seeing was only part of this unknown boss.
Mazi screamed as the tentacle around his ankle lifted him into the air, his body swinging about as Shiro and the others shouted, attacked the creature, tried to slash its tentacles.
And then the tentacle holding the large-shouldered Mazi sucked in on itself and took Mazi into the thicket, the leaves closing quickly.
“What…?” Mirrikh shouted, coming up short. “It ate him?”
“Open it up!” Javad screamed. “Attack it!”
Shiro slashed the closed up leaf with his katana, putting a gash there where purple liquid oozed, but the damage he had just done was nothing more than a scratch as the orb pulsed and undulated.
Then it shot open, the leaf in front of Shiro slapping him into the dirt, a haze of green gasses pluming out of the boss.
“Mazi!” Baibar called. “Mazi, are you there!”
“Can you hear us?” Mirrikh called, grabbing Shiro by the arms and hauling him back away from the plant-based boss.
And then something exploded, shot out from between the guardian’s tentacles, arced in the air and landed behind the group of adventurers.
It was Mazi, still wearing his armor, but his skin was gone, his muscles a melted mass of digested flesh and a ghostly grin of meat an eyeless sockets staring up at them.
Shiro flinched, took a step back and whirled.
“What is this beast?”
There’s no way we can defeat this monster…
And then all the tentacles shot out, a writhing mass of arms and tongues, searching for another adventurer to drag into its pulsating bulbous mass.

Chapter Thirty-Seven—Ali al Bashur
“What?” Ali asked, spreading his arms. He still held the dagger in his hand from the fight. “What is this? Is this a joke?”
Jessamine said nothing.
Shiro looked at Ali, wondering if Jessamine was telling the truth. He had only just met her moments ago and now she was accusing Ali of a plan to betray Shiro and steal the loot.
I should not take her word. And yet..
And yet Shiro believed her. Or at least, he wanted to believe her?
“I am not planning to betray you, Shiro! We are partners.”
“Is that why you left him to deal with Akarilion by himself?” Jessamine asked with a self-satisfied smirk.
Ali shoved his palm at the sky. “Did you see the size of that monster?! It was huge. There was no way we could fight it.”
She laughed. “And yet…”
“How did you do it?”
“It ate me.”
Ali’s eyes widened for a moment, then he looked Shiro up and down, at his stained clothes. Most of the blood had been washed out, but some still remained, giving his white pantaloons and jacket a pink look.
“It… ate you?”
Shiro nodded. “I was inside its throat. I cut my way out from the inside. It killed him.”
“No thanks to you, Ali al Bashur,” Jessamine said.
Ali looked at Jessamine with a frown. He was probably wondering how she knew his name when Shiro hadn’t told her. 
So she can hear my thoughts.
When I want to, she conveyed.
Shiro jerked, let out a breath. He still wasn’t used to having her right there in his head—in his thoughts speaking words, as if she were there, a part of his mind. Strangely, her words inside his head sounded like her, not like Shiro’s own thoughts.
So she wasn’t…
Of course I’m not controlling your mind. 
He glanced at her, Ali still going off and arguing about why he couldn’t help Shiro. 
Jessamine smiled. But I can speak to you, Shiro, and you to me.
What about Ali? he thought, conveying the words to her. Can you hear his thoughts?
No. I can see images, though, concepts. Sometimes intentions. I cannot hear his exact thoughts—his words.
“…are you even listening to me?”
They looked at Ali. His face had gone red while he screamed in defense of himself. “I should just attack you now and be done with it!”
“She can hear your thoughts, Ali,” Shiro said. 
Jessamine did not dispute Shiro’s lie. Of course she wouldn’t. She was on his side. But why did it really matter to her? Did she care who held her lamp?
She still needed help.
Was it because Shiro was better for the job?
You have honor.
“It is time for us to part ways, Ali,” Shiro said. “I am sorry. You can take your share of the loot.”
“What loot?”
“The glow stones,” Shiro said. “You still have three. I have none. I lost mine inside the beast’s throat.”
“Agh!” Ali spat. “Worthless.”
“That’s not what you said when we found them. And here,” Shiro said, reaching into his bag and taking out the golden jewels the statue had been wearing when they first discovered the cracked floor inside the dungeon. “Take them.”
Ali slapped them out of his hand.
“What is this?” he asked forcefully as he gestured toward the ground. “This is not worth a hundredth of what you’re walking away with. These trinkets might as well be camel dung!”
“I killed Akarilion,” Shiro said calmly. “I lifted the lamp from the statue. She’s mine.”
“Hold on a moment,” Jessamine said.
Both men looked at her. 
“I’m not ‘yours,’ Shiro. You’re still treating me like a piece of loot!”
“I am sorry. I didn’t mean—“
She swiped upward with her hand and Shiro’s feet came out from under him. He landed in the sand on his back.
“Ha!” Ali called. “Serves you right, you selfish bastard.”
“Me?”
“Yes, you!” Ali said, turning when Jessamine put her arm on his shoulder and looked down at Shiro.
So this is how it is, he thought. Now she’s on his side?
Anger and fury boiled up inside of Shiro. He rolled to his knees and got up. Pointing a finger at Ali, he said, “You are not taking the lamp.”
“Give it to me!” Ali spat, as if he was entitled to it.
“Damare!” Shiro screamed.
“And what does that even mean?” Ali yelled back as he threw up his hands into the air. “You’re always going on in that damned language of yours. Shut up and speak correctly, you no good, selfish, self-entitled whoreson!”
Shiro growled and reached for his sword. The blade hissed out of its scabbard. “Take that back. Sate! NOW!”
He looked Shiro up and down as if he were inspecting a filthy farm animal that gave off bad smells. “I will not.”
“I will cut you in two, Ali if you continue to insult my honor!”
“Your honor!” Ali said sarcastically. “What about my dignity and self-respect, you arrogant swine lover!”
Shiro raised his blade, screamed and charged Ali. He swung his sword and the other man jumped over it, then elbowed him in the face, tried to stab Shiro in the chest, but he forced himself to stumble back. He caught his balance, then came at Ali again, attempting to slice his head off. The sheep lover—as Haydaru had called him—actually brought his blade back, the point angled at the ground, and blocked Shiro’s attack.
But Shiro was too quick and kicked Ali in the face.
The man grunted painfully, his hand going to his nose as he stumbled back and fell into the sand.
Breathing heavily, Shiro screamed again and raised his sword to finish Ali off when he was suddenly shunted to the side. He landed harmlessly in the sand.
“That’s enough,” Jessamine said as she walked up between them.
She glanced at Ali, then back to Shiro, the wind in the dunes exposing her nakedness. She really needed some proper clothes.
“I didn’t know you fools would try to kill each other.”
Shiro glanced toward Ali. He was still seething mad, but Ali chuckled, and Shiro couldn’t help but laugh himself at the absurdity of what was happening.
“You bastard, Shiro,” Ali said, getting up.
“And you sheep lover,” Shiro said.
They regarded each other, and Ali raised his blade, both hands up in a gesture of peace. Shiro nodded, then guided his blade back into its scabbard.
“I am not a lamp,” Jessamine said. “Neither of you can own me. I’m not some slave.”
“Gomenasai,” Shiro said with a bow.
“And I am sorry as well,” Ali said. “We did not mean to treat you like that. We are adventurers. We have an adventurer’s want of loot.”
“We are greedy.”
“I can see that,” Jessamine said.
There was a pause between the three of them. Then Jessamine regarded Ali. “I am choosing Shiro. You need to understand and respect that.”
There was hurt on Ali’s face, but he took a step back and nodded. “I will respect you.” And he looked at Shiro. “And you too, my friend.”
“Did you really plan to betray me?”
Ali made a face that indicated thought and consideration as he shrugged his shoulders from side to side. He nodded. “I thought about it for a moment. I am a greedy swashbuckler after all.”
“And what of Haydaru?” Shiro asked.
Ali shrugged. “I do not know about that. Perhaps he tracked us here. They were already on your trail, yes? It would not have been that hard, even without a map.”
Well, Jessamine conveyed, it pains me to say, but he’s not contradicting his statement inside his head…
Shiro nodded, but he was still upset. “Next time you leave me behind,” he said, “I’ll kill you.”
“All right,” Ali said with a smile. “Fair enough.”
“Ugh!” Jessamine noised. “Please, does this mean you two are still friends?”
They both looked at her. 
Well of course it did.

Chapter Thirty-Eight—Aftermath
Nearly Six Months Ago
Shiro still had blood dripping down his arm from the fight with vizier Faridoon’s men. The dungeon boss they had encountered. The one no one had ever seen before, had killed Mazi.
Now he was in his apartment. The one he had paid for all his own from his adventuring. He was here to leave, but first he needed to pack provisions quickly before escaping the city.
Faridoon’s men were still after him—would continue to pursue him.
His dead party members came to mind. 
Mazi. and then Javed…
Dead.
Because of me?
Iie! They knew the risk. We all did.
The guardian had swallowed Javed like Mazi, then spit him back out just like the other man. A dangerous, caustic beast of poison and acid and razor teeth, it had decimated their party.
But Shiro, Mirrikh and Baibar had defeated it just before it was about to swallow Baibar, Mirrikh had picked Shiro up and swung him round to the beast.
“Throw me!” he had said.
“What?!”
“Throw me at it! We need to save Baibar!”
Once Shiro cut through the stalk of tentacles, the battle became one of slow attrition—all three adventurers surviving, though only just. Their alakyte armor had saved them from many attacks, though Baibar lost a hand near the end.
They’d had to retreat. Leave the dungeon of Narkuun before venturing on to the tenth floor. Having lost Mazi and Javed, Baibar his hand, the group was in no condition to go on, and even Shiro and Mirrikh were spent.
I can’t think about this now. I have to go. Where is Mirrikh?
Upon leaving the dungeon, Faridoon’s spy had reported their actions and Shiro and Mirrikh were quickly confronted.
They had killed Baibar.
After crossing swords and nearly killing Faridoon himself for his betrayal, Shiro had met up with Mirrikh in a back alley with plans to meet back at his apartment.
The door slammed open and Shiro whirled, his blade ready to strike.
“It’s me,” Mirrikh said, breathing heavily. “The counting houses are all closed. I couldn’t get any of the gold.”
“Kuso!” Shiro shouted. “We need that money to get out of here!”
“We will find another way.”
Then shouts in the streets erupted. Mirrikh ran to the window to look outside. “They’re here! Shiro! They’re here!”
“Agh!” Shiro looked. There were indeed men in the streets. His bag had water, some food and not much else. He pointed. “Through the window!”
They climbed through onto the terrace, then jumped to the roof of the next building.
Then they were spotted by two men they hadn’t seen previously.
“THERE THEY ARE! STOP THEM!”
Two men broke through the window with scimitars and jumped the distance. Shiro took his in the throat and Mirrikh kicked his attacker in the chest, sending him screaming down to the street below.
“Run!” Mirrikh shouted.
They jumped to the next roof, then found a latticework of vines against the next building and made their way down. Shiro landed in the dusty street.
“Go!” Mirrikh called. “I’ll catch up!”
Shiro ran down the street, turned to find Faridoon’s men just beyond in the street as Mirrikh ran toward him, but then he flinched and fell with two arrows in his back.
“Mirrikh!” Shiro shouted, but had to duck out of the way when another shaft sliced his cheek. He turned and went left through an alley with an arched roof and made it to the bridge. He ran across, pushing walkers aside with haste. 
They screamed at him, but he didn’t bother looking back.
Shiro vaulted through an open window, slid over the dining table of a family at supper. They screamed for guards as he slammed through the door on the way out. He met a wall, jumped and grabbed for the ledge.
He hauled himself up and darted through the markets, smoke and sweat and haggling buyers and merchants alike of every race known in these lands obscuring him in the crowd.
When he finally stopped running on the other side of the river, Shiro, for his exhaustion, couldn’t turn to see if Faridoon’s men were still following as he gasped for air, his stomach heaving and his body covered in sweat.
There was a man with a small boat there poling his way through. He had a pile of fruit with a sack cloth covered half of them.
Shiro managed to jump on the boat. It nearly tipped and the man cried out, but Shiro put his dagger to the man’s throat, told him to take him down river as far as he could. When he nodded his compliance, Shiro covered himself up with sack cloth among the fruit.
He had escaped where none of his party companions did.
Kami guide me, he thought. How did this happen?
They will hunt me. Faridoon will want his gold, will want to tell the whole city—the whole region that he had gotten revenge on those adventurers who betrayed his trust, who stole his money.
We never stole his money.
I need to get out.
Some time passed before the samurai peaked out from under the sack cloth. He left the boat, then started making his way out of the city. 
I was so close, he thought, his leather sandals crunching against pebbles and sand on the road.
How will I ever find out how I even got here? I was going to go to the capital. But now…
No. It was no time to think on this. He would resolve his immediate situation, find a safe place, make some more money and see where he could go from there. Perhaps Faridoon would forget about him.
I will just start over.

Chapter Thirty-Nine—A Parting of Friends
What? Shiro thought as he communicated non-verbally with Jessamine. What do you mean we’re not going back to Atoulia?
I need your help.
But why aren’t we going back to Atoulia?
Because, Jessamine conveyed, we’re going to Darshuun.
“Darshuun?!”
She sighed.
Ali was packing his camel with water, ready to go back to Atoulia. “I think it best we stay away from your friend for a while anyway.”
Shiro thought about that. Ali was his friend, wasn’t he? But they had tried to kill each other over Jessamine. And besides, the headsman knew he was in Atoulia, had tracked him out here to Akarilion. She was right.
He nodded.
“You are right,” he said, then walked to Ali who was near the river’s edge.
“Ah, my friend,” he said with his swashbuckler’s smile. “All ready to go, eh?” he tapped the side of Shiro’s shoulder.
“Ali… we will not be going with you back to Atoulia.”
His face fell, clearly crestfallen. Then after a moment he nodded. Ali understood, didn’t he? Then his face lit up with a smile. It was a false smile, but a good false smile, a practiced one, though Shiro could see through it.
Ali shrugged. “Perhaps I’ll meet you in Darshuun, then. I have need to go to the capital anyway.”
Shiro nodded.
“Say, Shiro. Why do you need to go there?”
“Jessamine—“
“Is that her name?” he seemed surprised.
Shiro nodded. “Jessamine needs help,” he said. 
She had already helped Shiro. That fight against Haydaru and his mean was easy, child’s play even. Whatever magic she gifted him with through possessing her vessel, it was powerful. She had called it sword magic.
Why does she have sword magic?
“I see,” Ali said. “Will you be able to leave the oasis and navigate you way out alone?”
“I think she will help.”
“Of course she will,” he chuckled. “She is a jinni. She is probably twice your age, eh?”
Shiro shrugged. “I don’t know.”
Ali put out his hand. Shiro took it and the other man embraced him, slapped him on the back. “Perhaps I will go to Darshuun later.”
Shiro smiled. “I will be keeping my eyes open for you, my friend,” he said.
Ali turned and took his camel by the reigns, looked up into the night sky. The moon was full and the stars bright. The night was cool. A good night for travel.
“Fare you well, Shiro.”
“And you too, Ali.”
The man lead his camel away from the water’s edge and over the dunes into the desert as Shiro watched.
“I guess you trying to kill each other really just was a fight among ‘friends,’ hmm?”
Shiro said nothing as he watched Ali recede behind the dunes.
He finally turned to the jinni. “I suppose that is it,” he said. “Now, tell me why you want to go to the capital.”

Chapter Thirty-Nine—A Chance Meeting
Three Months Ago
“Agh!” Shiro cried out, as the dagger slipped and cut his finger. He lowered his hand into the murky reed-strew waters and rinsed the blood off, then wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
Blood was still running down his hand, but the cut wasn’t so bad, and so he continued to pry the kami forsaken shell off of the dead crab.
He had the snapper crab turned over, its body halfway sunk under the water as he attempted to get inside of it. That’s where the valuable crystals were. He had already done this to two other snappers.
For the most part, they weren’t dangerous monsters, but if one made it easy for the beasts to attack them, they could snap a limb off easily with one of their eight pinchers. 
Unlike everyday crabs, snapper crabs had eight pinchers, each on the ends of its legs. Grabbing them and holding them still would be a mistake, as they could turn their legs up all the way to the back of their shell and snap at whatever took hold of them.
This crab, Shiro had killed by flinging it off the cliff above him with a stick where it landed on an outcropping of rock.
The beast still oozed slime from the hole that had gotten punched through its shell. He couldn’t cut the shell. 
It’s too strong for that.
And he didn’t want to reach in where the hole was. An adventurer he was, but Shiro was actually rather squeamish. 
He breathed in deeply, thigh deep in the waters. There were other crabs about, but they were easy to spot with their white shells.
Glancing out at the boats and skiffs, some of which had sails, Shiro attempted to break open the shell by inserting his knife again, but this one was just too strong.
“You are doing it wrong,” a man said arrogantly.
Shiro looked up, spotted another adventurer on the cliff. He wore black pantaloons and a white jacket with gold thread and a turban on his head. At his hip was a rusted scimitar.
The man nudged his satchel bag to his back and looked down at Shiro with his thin mustache and two-day facial stubble.
“Then,” Shiro said, “if you are so well acquainted with these creatures, come down and show me.”
The man scoffed and put his hands on his hips. “Fine. But only because I hear a challenge in your voice, foreigner.”
He came down, waded into the water and then took a look at the crab. “Wrong spot.” He turned the creature, wheeling it in the muddy water. Then he pulled out his dagger and pried the shell off, almost easily.
“See?”
Shiro nodded. “That was very fast. I am impressed.”
“You shouldn’t be,” he said, scratching his chin. “These murky dungeons are child’s play.”
Shiro gave him a look.
“My name is Ali,” he said, putting out a hand. “Ali al Bashur.”
Shiro paused, then decided to take his hand. “I am Takeda Shiro.”
“Well, Takeda,” do I take this crystal in this crab’s guts, or do you?”
“It’s mine. I found it and killed it.”
“Ah,” he said with a big white smile, “you did. But it was I who pried the shell open for you.”
“And you had an easy job of it.”
“Haha! Yes! I am a skilled adventurer. Say, where are you from?”
Shiro hesitated in saying anything, but then wondered what the possible hurt was and decided it didn’t matter. “I’m from a land called Mikuma. It is far from here.”
“It must be, because I’ve never heard of it.”
He’s a rather arrogant man, Shiro thought. “Hmm.”
“So… the crystal?”
“Why not split the silver that comes from this crystal when we head back to the guild house.”
“When we head back to the guild house?” he asked, frowning. “Are we partners for a day?”
Shiro shrugged. “Why not?”
Ali scratched his chin again, glanced at Shiro’s sword. “All right. But only because I’m very curious about you, infidel. So, how did you come to speak my language?”
“Long story.”
“We have time.”
Shiro nodded.
Together, the two newly acquainted adventurers had a fine and productive day, and after exchanging many crystals and other monster items for hard coin, decided they had nothing to lose if they continued such a partnership for a short time.
And so this was when the isekai Shiro and the swashbuckling adventurer called Ali began their friendship.

Epilogue—The Jinni and The Isekai
Ali was gone, but Shiro still watched the dunes in the direction his moon limned silhouette had receded.
Why do I feel this way?
For a long time Jessamine said nothing. But then finally she spoke. “You will see him again, Shiro. Of that I have no doubt.” 
He turned and looked at her. Her features, so striking in the daytime, were harder to see now in the moonlight, but see them Shiro could.
“You said… you said you needed my help?”
She nodded slowly.
“Come with me.”
She turned and waded through the river. It glinted with the bright light of the moon. Shiro followed. The desert nights were cool, the water on his feet sending a mild shiver up his body. He followed Jessamine down the river and over a steep sandy embankment to the top of the hills.
She stopped under a group of palms and put a hand on the rough bark. In the moonlight, barely clothed except for the shawl over her shoulders that covered only most of her, she looked to Shiro like a dream.
His heart beat a little faster.
Jessamine turned and looked at him. With the moon behind her, he couldn’t see her features, but he knew she was smiling. 
Somehow he could sense it. Feel it.
He joined her at the tree and together they peered out at the hills in the desert. All was quiet, except for the gentle rustle of palm fronds and the crickets in the grassy patches throughout the water holes.
“I am not yours, Shiro.”
“I know this,” he said. “You said. You demonstrated.” 
“No.”
He looked at her. There was graveness on her face. “I belong to another.”
Shiro straightened. “What do you mean?”
“I…” she said, trailing off. “As a jinni, I bond to the one who makes a pact with me. I give that person my magical gifts in exchange for companionship.”
Shiro could feel his heart beating. Not with excitement or anticipation. He was simple aware of the quiet in the night, as he listened, as he became angry by what he was hearing.
Something is wrong, he thought.
Yes, she conveyed.
Then she continued in words spoken aloud. “The man I am bonded to is Darius al Hasarani.”
Shiro flinched.
But he’s…
“Yes,” Jessamine said. “He’s the sultan of this empire. “He wasn’t always. He was just an adventuring vizier once. He craved the wind in his hair. He wanted fame. He wanted to be rich and to live a good life.”
“And he became the sultan?”
“I didn’t know he had his sights so high. Over the years, he became increasingly avaricious, and brutal. Doing anything, betraying anyone, until he rose to a position high enough in the military to command loyal troops willing to do his bidding.”
“What happened?”
“At first, he wanted more of a part in the Abassir Empire. When war came, he was the sultan’s only hope. He gave Darius unthinkable swaths of land, vast powers over his subjects, and wagons of gold.”
“And then be betrayed the sultan? I think I heard of this before. But I did not know the details.”
“It didn’t end there,” Jessamine said. Darius began to conquer the neighboring kingdoms. He executed thousands of his own subjects for nothing more than his own unfounded suspicions. Where drink and wine couldn’t satisfy him, women did. He has the largest harem in the land. Hundreds of innocent, defenseless girls are taken from their loving parents where they go to his bed. He doesn’t even have the decency to marry and keep them. He tosses them out when he gets bored.”
Shiro nodded, not knowing what to say. The customs of these lands were certainly far different than what he had previously known, and so were the evils.
He was convinced that evil was much the same wherever one might find themselves, but there were particular evils in these lands, just as there were particular evils in his own.
“But… what do you want me to do?” he asked, not knowing what he could do.
“We could go our own way. Forget about Darius. I would still be able to lend you some small form of magic that I am free to bestow upon you. He may never find us. But you will grow old, Shiro, and you will die, never knowing the full power and bond we could share.”
It was a lot for him to take in. A question suddenly came to him. “How did you end up in the dungeon?”
She smiled ruefully. “Watching Darius sink into deeper and deeper pits of evil and depravity, I could no longer continue walking his side. I told him I would not grant him any of my magic. And I didn’t. He raided that ancient dungeon. Its true name is Mebkubazir—an ancient tomb of a civilization long past. He raided it, desecrated the tombs and put Akarilion and the Spiders there to guard me against intruders. 
“I’ve seen some adventurers wander in over the years. Most left or were killed. None had ever reached Akarilion. You did. And you slew him.”
Shiro was shocked. 
“Yes, Shiro. You freed me. But now what?”
He glanced out over the desert night, a gentle breeze brushing past him. Shiro was no warlord. He had no armies. How could he do anything against Darius al Hassarani, Sultan of the Abassir Empire?
“I’m not asking you to march into the palace and challenge him to a duel, Shiro. Let us go to Darshuun and find out information. Have you ever been there?”
He shook his head. “I meant to go for… a certain reason.”
“To find out how you came to be in these lands?”
“Hai.”
“We may find that answer.”
“A little honey for the fly?”
She chuckled. “You are no fly. You’re my adventuring isekai. My savior and my hope, Shiro.”
“Hmm.”
“Darshuun is the jewel of the empire. We can have a grand time. We may discover something that we don’t yet know, things that may aid you, or me, or even both of us. Say you’ll do it, Shiro?”
Her request was reasonable and so he nodded.
Then she shrieked. Shiro jumped, but before he realized what was wrong, Jessamine threw her arms around him. Her sudden weight nearly collapsed him.
“Thank you!”
“It would not hurt to see,” he added in agreement to her argument.
Then her demeanor changed. 
“I’m glad the honey worked, Shiro, or else I’d have had to use the whip.” She said the words in that seductive tone she had met him with.
Shiro scoffed.
Then together they both looked out across the desert landscape for a moment before returning to the camel. They loaded the saddle with water, then Shiro mounted the animal with Jessamine sitting in front of him, his arms around her as he held the reins.
“Which way?” Shiro asked.
Jessamine lifted her arm and pointed.
“Then onward,” Shiro said, slapping the camel’s leather reigns.
“Onward,” Jessamine added. “To Darshuun, my prince.”
“Ha!” he said. “That’s quite enough honey, Jinni.”
Jessamine laughed.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Copyright © Lawrence Caldwell, 2021

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Lawrence Caldwell is believed by some to be a wandering samurai, or a vagrant, or possibly a ninja—though perhaps in his infinite mystery, he’s none of these things. Whichever the case, he wanders home as Odysseus did after the great Trojan War in some realm unbeknownst to our world. And occasionally—by direct theft of a quote from a certain dwarf named Varric Tethras—he writes books.

Look for These Other Titles by Lawrence Caldwell

AEVALIN AND THE AGE OF READVENTURE
Klause Schuar, the Grand Bastard
Trials on the Isle of Morr
Knight of Aevalin
Errant Adventurer
Kingdom of the Blue Dragon

THE JINNI AND THE ISEKAI
The Jinni and the Isekai
The Black Cobra of Mar’a Thul
Coil and Strike
The Sultan of Darshuun
Sultan’s Legacy


ANARCHO
Fracture Rating
Hussy
Landfill Lich
Rescue Operation
Dreams of Forever

THE PRINCESS AND THE MAGICIAN
The Wind Steppe Princess and the Amalfi Magician

OTHER TITLES
Wakiagau
Haven
Teisatsusha
Blackwood Company
Littlehand Hakuria
Attack on the Spire Keep
The Reconnoiters
Skydrift
Acheron

For discounts, updates on what I’m writing and when I’ll be releasing various titles, sign up to my newsletter or check out my goodreads profile. 

I look forward to hearing from you!

