The Veil

Jon Jacks


Other New Adult and Children’s books by Jon Jacks

The Caught – The Rules – Chapter One – The Changes – Sleeping Ugly
The Barking Detective Agency – The Healing – The Lost Fairy Tale
A Horse for a Kingdom – Charity – The Most Beautiful Things (Now includes The Last Train)
The Dream Swallowers – Nyx; Granddaughter of the Night – Jonah and the Alligator
Glastonbury Sirens – Dr Jekyll’s Maid – The 500-Year Circus – The Desire: Class of 666
P – The Endless Game – DoriaN A – Wyrd Girl – The Wicker Slippers – Gorgesque
Heartache High (Vol I) – Heartache High: The Primer (Vol II) – Heartache High: The Wakening (Vol III)
Miss Terry Charm, Merry Kris Mouse & The Silver Egg – The Last Angel  – Eve of the Serpent
Seecrets – The Cull – Dragonsapien – The Boy in White Linen – Porcelain Princess – Freaking Freak
Died Blondes – Queen of all the Knowing World – The Truth About Fairies – Lowlife
Elm of False Dreams – God of the 4th Sun – A Guide for Young Wytches – Lady of the Wasteland
The Wendygo House – Americarnie Trash – An Incomparable Pearl – We Three Queens – Cygnet Czarinas
Memesis  – April Queen, May Fool – Sick Teen – Thrice Born – Self-Assembled Girl – Love Poison No. 13
Whatever happened to Cinderella’s Slipper? – AmeriChristmas  –  The Vitch’s Kat in Hollywoodland
Blood of Angels, Wings of Men  –  Patchwork Quest  –  The World Turns on A Card  –  Palace of Lace
The Wailing Ships  –  The Bad Samaritan  –  The 13th Month  –  The Silvered Mare  –  SpinDell
Swan Moon  –  The Unicorndoll  –  Lesser Nefertiti  –  My Shrieking Skin  –  Stone in Love
Font of All Lies  –  The Bared Heart   –  The Fairy Paintbox  –  An Angelic Alphabet
Forewarnings and Three Grapes  –  Death of a Fairytale Princess  –  The Incurable Caress
The Maid’s Caul  –  Nu’s Ark  –  A Disgraced Angel  –  Wake Me Up When it’s Christmas
God’s Toybox  –  Aurora Rising  –  Petals: Portals of Desire

Text copyright© 2020 Jon Jacks
All rights reserved 
Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
Thank you for downloading this ebook. It remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. 
Thank you for your support.




Chapter 1

‘Sisibe; once again, we’re relying on you to get us all safely though this!’
Polyboia tenderly caressed the metallic flanks of her tank.
It was strange how you could form a bond with a creature formed of hardened steel and lubricating oil; as if she’d somehow attained a soul, after sharing the fears and jubilation of almost constant combat.
‘Here’s to Sisibe!’ Polyboia’s driver Hansa agreed, raising a glass of ‘thankfully retrieved’ wine in a grateful toast.
‘Sisibe!’ Gresta, the gun loader, happily joined in. ‘Long may she continue to guide and protect us!’
Of course, they weren’t against cursing their dear little Sisibe whenever they believed she was failing them (which was often!). Her interior, after all, was cramped, roasting – hard. 
Every one of them had been seriously bruised or even deeply slashed at some point as they’d been violently thrown against the cumbersome, bared mechanics of levers, bolts and ratchets. 
Simply rushing at speed across lightly rolling land was enough to cause the most unexpectedly brutal jolts; but once you’d hit rockier ground, or found yourself abruptly whirling about in the far more complicated manoeuvres of battle, then the painful knocks were unrelentingly constant.
And yet…so far, their dear little Sisibe had managed to keep them all safe, while others about them had died in the most gruesome ways imaginable.
Tomorrow, however, was to be the mother of all battles: a day when they hoped to at last bring the rebellion of the New Siegfried to an end.
And so, putting their drinks aside, Polyboia and her crew took up their still reasonably white wimples and – sweeping aside a clearer space in the snow – knelt to pray.
They prayed for the aid of those already bravely Fallen.


*


Even the lightly falling snow couldn’t hide the fact that the forces the New Siegfried had managed to array against them were startlingly unimpressive; their numbers were small, their armoured divisions almost pathetically invisible.
Viewing everything through her binoculars from Sisibe’s uppermost hatch, Polyboia was surprised that their enemy had chosen to make their stand here.
Had they become as tired of their uprising as everyone else across the Empire had? 
Did they also wish to draw the suffering and agonies of unrelenting war at last to an end?
Or perhaps Operation Fafnir had been even more successful than had been hoped, eventually forcing a beleaguered foe into an unenviable position were every move could only lead to further disasters.
Polyboia glanced over towards the commanders of the other tanks lined up alongside Sisibe. Those closest to her, like her and her crew, were all Sisters of Sorrows, albeit recruited from convents other than her own. 
Still, she’d naturally talked to them, compared experiences. Of course, they’d soon discovered they all had much in common, their experiences closely tallying.
Orphans, mainly (there were so many these days, naturally), raised from childhood to follow the tenets of the Fifteen Sorrows. But many had been placed at an early age in the convents by proud parents, committing them to a life of service to their country while keeping alive the memory of the Fallen.  
The other tank commanders grinned at her now, sensing an easy victory.
Below her, Hansa and Gresta were in an equally exuberant mood, swapping jokes about how hard they’ll find returning to the relative peace of the convent once all this was over. 
‘How long do you give them, Polly?’ Gresta called up. ‘An hour?’
‘That’s sir to you, Gresta,’ Polyboia snapped back, reminding her that the easy familiarity that had naturally grown between them as they’d served together had to come to an end, at the very least, on the eve of a battle.
‘So, what should we place your money on, sir?’ Hansa replied mischievously.
Polyboia looked out once more towards the poor forces spread across the far side of the snowy plain.
‘Two hours,’ she said, sensing it was a poor move on her part, but recognising that the lower time frames would have already been claimed by the others. ‘If we include the time taken mopping up,’ she instantly clarified, even though she was fully aware this wouldn’t count in the slightest when it came to apportioning the winnings.
Rather than mechanised divisions, Siegfried’s line up included cavalry, horse-drawn guns, and wagons.
There would be very few of them capable of escaping once the main bulk of the army had been shattered.
Would Siegfried himself, at last, be amongst those captured?
She doubted that:  he was a wraith, and a pestilent one at that.


*


Chapter 2

Siegfried was renowned for his ability to surprise.
The guerrilla attacks.
The night-time strikes, when no one knew his forces were even close.
The unfathomable, even apparently careless manoeuvre that turned out to be a stroke of genius.
Even so, Polyboia was sure, no one could have anticipated that his poor excuse for an army would be the first to advance across the plain.
It was a truly startling commencement to the battle. 
A stupid one, too.
His only hope today – what little there was left of it – would have been to take up a defensive position, ready at all times to make a withdrawal that might save what was left of his forces.
The strongest form of defence, some say, is attack.
Well tell that to the poor lines of fodder you’re sending forward to die, probably needlessly.
About her now, Polyboia’s companions swapped elated smirks before snapping their veils into place.
There was, too, a quick, brief lowering of heads as, like her, each commander gave an urgent warning to their respective crews to expect the order to advance at any moment.
Not that the crews, despite their close incarceration within the bellies of their mounts, required a verbal warning.
The enemy had already reached a point where the heavier guns were now picking off the potentially more dangerous armoured sections, the more fortunate tanks simply slewing to a grinding halt as they spewed the remains of a track into the air, the less fortunate abruptly transforming into a raging bonfire of warped metal.
The mounted troops would be next, then the ridiculously vulnerable infantry.
We could just sit here and watch this slaughter, Polyboia thought miserably: just let our heavy guns wreak havoc until there was little or nothing left of Siegfried’s army.
But where would be the glory be in that?
If they didn’t receive the order to move ahead within the next few moments, then a commander somewhere would take it into his or her head to set an advance in motion anyway. 


*


The enemy’s own advance was already faltering.
The infantry, seeing the swift demolition of their supporting wedge of armoured vehicles, were dragging to a halt. 
Horses appeared panicked, virtually uncontrollable.
Sections of the line were beginning to back up, hoping to put more distance between themselves and the reach of the heavy guns.
Now, while they were in such disarray, was the perfect moment to launch an unforgivingly hard strike against them.
Was that an order to advance?
If so, Polyboia didn’t hear it.
But in a moment, Sisibe and every other tank was roaring through the snow, throwing up a storm of white, whirling plumes.


*


Chapter 3

It was like flying through the coldest, most gloriously sparkling of billowing white clouds.
The only noise, despite the headphones clamped to her head, and bar the odd crump of a far-off explosion, was the roar of Sisibe’s engine, the rumbling and clanking of rapidly revolving tracks.
Attempting to peer through the whirling snow, Polyboia couldn’t easily make out the state of the opposing forces, even through her almost instantly clouded binoculars. 
A running commentary was now taking shape, however, the messages relayed via her headphones coming thick and fast.
The line of troops waiting ahead of them was breaking up chaotically.
Sections were already retreating, scrambling in search of safety.
All order was lost amongst Siegfried’s troops.
Then, suddenly, her ears felt like they’d been instantly deadened by an abrupt surging of air. 
Even so, the explosion’s raging shriek and thunder following on close behind was a cacophony of sound like no other she’d ever heard.
And a giant’s flaming sword brutally thrust its way up through the ground lying before her.


*


The towering blade of fire continued to soar up and up into the heavens, briefly turning all the snow whirling about it into a freezing downpour.
The ground it had broken through continued to shatter, to fly up into the air in huge white chunks that eventually crashed down around Polyboia like a rain of avenging meteors. 
Tanks abruptly vanished in a momentary fountain of debris.
Cracks zigzagged everywhere across the ground, immediately opening up horrifically wider. The loosened plates of earth tilted crazily, even toppling completely over.
The earth was swallowing whole vehicles in a sudden shifting of white land to a devouring blackness. 
It wasn’t earth: it was ice.
Siegfried had tricked them into launching an attack across a frozen lake.
Weakened, the ice was shattering everywhere now, breaking up into unstable floes that tipped tank after tank into the dark waters eagerly waiting below.
It was all taking place in complete silence, too, for Polyboia, who was now deaf to everything happening about her.


*


Chapter 4

When Polly at last woke up, she was still entirely surrounded by silence.
The falling snow deadened every sound.
She sat up, startled, hoping it had all been nothing but an horrific dream after all.
She was on her own. She couldn’t see anyone or anything nearby.
She could no longer tell where the lake had been. Or, even, is she was still on it, rather than on some safer, more grounded shore.
All the floes had resettled, refrozen, accepted a glorious covering of fresh, purest white snow.
A whole army had vanished, been swallowed up, over nothing more than a few minutes.
She recalled now had she’d ended up here.
How, standing in Sisibe’s cockpit, she’d clambered out and leapt clear as the shattered floe they suddenly found themselves on rolled, angled frighteningly, threatening to cleanse itself of this verminous intruder.
Polly had landed safely on the edges of another floe as Sisibe, Hansa and Gresta slipped down the precariously sloping ice to disappear into the black waters.
She’d run, then, from floe to floe, wondering when her luck would run out, as she saw happen so many times to other commanders who’d managed to leap clear of their doomed vehicles.
Some skidded on the ice, or simply lost their footing.
Others landed on a floe as it also began to tilt, throwing off its unwelcome guests.
Polly had made it to safety.
But how safe was she really, when she appeared to be the sole survivor in a freezingly cold land?


*


She needed to keep warm, or she’d soon die.
She’d also need food at some point, of course; the rations she carried were minimal.
Then she had countless miles to walk before she had a hope of coming across any of the supply camps that had been set up to aid the campaign. 
Besides, Siegfried’s troops would undoubtedly be swooping down upon the camps before word got back to them of the defeat of the bulk of the army. 
Her chances of survival were slim.
She reached into one of her uniform’s flap pockets for her map, her compass; she didn’t know this area well, but she knew that her only hope was to head towards the nearest convent.
A Vale of the Fallen, the famous Convent of The Sword, lay not too far away… 
She didn’t have her orienteering equipment on her, she realised miserably, patting at the pocket she’d filled instead with celebratory cigars she’d intended to share out with Hansa and Gresta after their victory.
The map had gone with her friends and Sisibe to the bottom of the lake.
She should be grieving for her friends; but she didn’t have time.
She’d offer prayers for them later once she’d–
The curtain of snow falling before her shifted, the whirling patterns changing slightly, the shadows lying behind them a touch darker, taking on a sense of a dark looming… 
Instinctively, she unholstered her pistol, pointing it towards the fluidly transforming air.
Fortunately, the languidly approaching Cossack was more unprepared for their encounter than she was.
As he urgently reached for his sword, he took one, two bullets thudding hard into his chest, a third into his neck.
Polly dashed forward to grab the horse by its reins even before its rider began to topple out of the saddle.
A horse could be her saviour.


*


Chapter 5

The Cossack’s great coat, if disgustingly bloodied, was comforting and warm.
His boots, too, were better than hers, rising higher up around her legs, and padded with linings of wool.
She drew the line at stripping the poor man of his trousers. 
The fur hat went, for now, in the saddlebags. She might have to wear it soon, but preferred for the moment to continue wearing her wimple and veil.
He had rations, thankfully, a sword that might be of use, and a short barrelled rifle and ammunition.
No map.
No compass.
Still, at least she felt now that she might survive after all.
As she rode on, hunched over the saddle, she mumbled prayers of thanks to the Fallen, while also asking them to welcome their new recruits, Hansa and Gresta.
It was far too dangerous to stop to perform a more suitable ritual.
That would all come later, when she reached safety.
She prayed for guidance.
She’d remembered that the nearest Vale of the Fallen had lain to the east when she’d last taken a glance at her map.
But which way was East?
With no sun or stars to show her the way, Polly could only blindly carry on through the falling snow.


*


Her horse needed a name she realised, trying to keep the whirling of her mind under some sort of control. 
Grani; she’d call him Grani.
That would make him a Valkyr’s horse.
Brunhild’s horse.
An apt name, she chucked bitterly; the mount Brunhild had chosen to ride into the flames of Siegfried’s funeral pyre and the burning Valhalla.
The horse Siegfried himself had used to carry away Fafnir’s treasure after he’d slain the dragon.
If she were taken, she would be a tainted treasure, she vowed, calling upon the Fallen to be her witnesses.


*


Chapter 6

Her hands fumbled wretchedly for the fur hat she’d stored in one of the saddlebags.
It pained her to remove her wimple, but the cold was too intense to bear a moment longer. 
She’d retain her veil, of course.
Despite her pitiful state, some sense of decorum must be preserved at all costs.
This time, due to the way she couched forlornly low over the saddle, she failed to notice the shifting in the whirling patterns of snow, the darkening of portions of shadow.
It was happening all about her too. 
A number of riders, circling in on her.
They had her closely surrounded before she’d even noticed their presence.
Startled, Polly made to reach for her gun, only to find her holster frozen shut, her hand stiff and unwilling to obey orders. 
The mounted troops’ section commander abruptly lowered a lance head against Polly’s arm, a warning to keep still and stop fruitlessly fumbling for a weapon.
‘Lucky for you you’re still wearing your wimple,’ the sergeant observed with a gruff guffaw. ‘A fur-hatted Cossack would have been dead upon the ground by now.’
Only now could Polly more clearly make out her captors. 
They each wore a brazenly white, fiercely starched wimple.
They were nuns of the Sisters of Sorrows.


*


Chapter 7

The snow fell about her and her mount so closely now that Polly couldn’t be sure when they’d entered the Vale of the Fallen.
She knew at once, however, that they must be traversing along the floor of the valley when she spotted, high above and still a great distance ahead of her, the subdued glimmering of the huge red flame spouting from the top of the convent’s mausoleum.
Every valley chosen to be honoured as a remembrance to the Fallen required, at the very least, a crag soaring up high and wide enough to support the fortress-like buildings, such that they would be visible for miles around, even at night.
She had seen some flames that leapt over forty feet high, powered by huge updrafts of air gathered together by a series of tunnels running through the rocks.
The flames became ever more visible and pronounced as they neared the convent, the horses trudging wearily now up a steeply inclining, meandering path.
Even if she had found her way here on her own, Polly realised thankfully, she would have struggled to find this narrow, rocky path leading ever so unhurriedly up towards the looming buildings.
She experienced an undoubted sense of relief, ignoring for the moment the anxieties voiced to her by her rescuers.
The convent had felt cut off from the rest of the Empire by the local rebellion, which had rapidly extinguished the smaller posts scattered about them. They believed the campaign Polly had taken part in would lift the sense of permanent besiegement they’d suffered for months now.
Naturally, the convent and its well-trained forces had held out, despite the frequent, concerted attacks upon them. It was far too formidable to fall as easily as the rebels might have hoped, while the Sisters of Sorrows could never willingly abandon the mausoleum raised to the Fallen.
Better, by far, that they joined the Fallen.
As Polly rode through the raised gate’s portal, she slipped down from her mount, fell to her knees, and gave thanks to All the Fallen for her deliverance.


*


She could, of course, have been back in her own convent.
The surroundings were instantly familiar to her.
The looming statues, the Fallen portrayed as morose angels, bearing swords.
The echoing choral chants, a mass obviously taking place, a solemn set of prayers.
In the lower areas, carved into the hillside’s rock, there were the side-chapels, each dedicated to a particular legion of the Sisters of the Fifteen Sorrows of the Fallen.
Above each altar, the stones above appeared to be weeping, the Tears of the Fallen collected within the huge black urns placed there to keep them clear and unsullied, ready at all times to be used in the necessary ceremonies of Baptism and Cleansing.
Still covered in the dross of war, Polly entered the chapel set aside for her own chapter.
She prayed, not wept, for her fallen comrades. Prayed that they would be regarded as fit subjects for those chosen to take part in the End of All Wars.
She prayed too for the Spouse she’d been betrothed to at her own convent, a man who’d Fallen valiantly in the Battle of The Plain of a Thousand Tanks. 
She’d disgraced him, surviving a battle in which all her comrades had far more courageously died: and so now she was divorced.
She would have to prepare herself for a new marriage, providing she was still deemed to be a suitable bride for the Fallen.  
Only once this was over would she undertake a thorough cleansing, a shedding of her garb and aura of battle, a taking on of a simple, thin garment of humility.
Then she would pray here again.
Remaining on her knees for close to a day, with neither water nor sustenance.


*


When all the procedures demanded of a Sister briefly returned from war were at last completed, Polly retired to her apportioned cell to rest.
Since her arrival here, no one had asked her about the defeat of the army that should have relieved the convent.
She’d already given a clear and full debriefing to the scouting party who’d found and rescued her. This contained all the information she could offer unaided. 
Only the liturgies involving the Fallen could draw out any further details, such as facts she’d unintentionally hidden away within her subconscious.
She would be called to attend.
Given the urgency of the situation, a special Remembrance of Ten Sorrows was to be brought forward, despite this still being the first half of the month, a time for recalling The Fifteen Regrets.
From what Polly had heard from her rescuers, supplies of food and ammunition were running low. 
There hadn’t been any supplies parachuted in for months; the weather was too foul for flying, the anti-aircraft guns of Siegfried handled too expertly…


*


Chapter 8

The Remembrance of Ten Sorrows was to be held, naturally, within the precincts of the mausoleum, rather than the convent.
As Polly had returned safely from a recent battle, it would take place within The True Sorrows and The False Sorrows while, of course, as there were no actual freshly Fallen to be borne on the Shield of Timomachos, The Emptied Sorrows wouldn’t be necessary.
The robes brought for Polly to wear were of the richest dark purple for, in the light of her recent experiences, she would be honoured with the right to withdraw and wield Orthia’s Sickle, spilling her blood into the Cup of Sharing.
Of course, Polly had already seen Orthia’s Sickle, proudly on display within a spiralling recess carved into the rock of the main hall, and supported in a polished nautilus shell that shone every bit as gloriously as Polly’s robes.
The Mother came at last to her cell, to ensure that her state of mind was suitably prepared for the ritual.
‘You may feel it wrong that you survived while others fell,’ the Mother intoned as Polly knelt down before her.
‘I do Mother.’
‘…that you have not fulfilled your vow.’
‘I do Mother.’
Here Polly bowed her head more sorrowfully than ever.
‘Then rejoice,’ the Mother said, ‘for these self-admonishments make you the ideal soil for the acceptance that your life was spared merely so you can make amends for those who have joined the Fallen.’
‘I vow to make amends, at the loss of my own life, Mother.’
Pleased with Polly’s answer, the Mother helped her to her feet with a proud smile.
‘I’ve been told that, as an orphan, you’ve been with us from an early age: a privilege denied those who must suffer the burden of fifteen lost years before they join us!’
Turning about, the Mother indicated that Polly should accompany her on the walk towards the mausoleum.
‘These are hard times for us, my dear,’ she said, ‘when our Master must feel we’re betraying his highest ideals and are therefore no longer worthy of his vision for our deliverance.’ 
‘This Siegfried; he can only be the Devil incarnate, the way he so easily defeats forces greater than his own!’
‘But thankfully, child, the Devil can be fairly fought by equally devilish means: at times like this, our conscience can only be deemed false, holding us back from what must be done. We will only find internal peace when we realise we can no longer be allowed to be overshadowed by any foolish sense of our own guilt.’
The vast doors, leading to where over one hundred thousand of the Fallen had been incarcerated, lay before them.
The doors opened, silently, smoothly.
Polly sensed that cold flood of relief that, once again, as it thankfully always did, informed her she was in close proximity to the gods.


*

The two girls leading the procession each carried a flaming torch, one of them ingeniously constructed to throw up a flame even though it had to be carried upside down.
Behind them there came a Sister carrying Orthia’s Sickle.
Polly reached for the sickle as its bearer drew close to then stopped alongside her.
As a demonstration of her worthiness to serve the Fallen, to even, perhaps, one day become one of their legion, she sharply drew the razor-sharp blade across her forearm, drawing blood.
The next Sister taking part in the procession, holding the Cup of Sharing, was already there to catch the spilled blood, letting it freely dissolve into the dark red wine already there.
Throughout all this ceremony, there were the songs and prayers to the Fallen; calling on them to forgive the failings of those still living, who’d gathered here to celebrate the far more admirable actions and sacrifices of the thousands of souls thronging everywhere about the hall.
One by one, the other sisters mingled their blood with hers, a sign that they were ready to take on and share in her sorrows, helping her through any period of doubt.
In any normal month, this would have been the culmination of five days spent contemplating the many ways they were expected to shed their unworthiness, aided through Close Courtship with one of the Fallen they’d chosen to honour.
Today, the ceremony of The True Sorrows progressed straight through into the joyous celebration of The False Sorrows, a Marrying of the Fallen, in which the soured contents of the Cup of Sharing would be drained.
Today, too, the Shield of Timomachos was presented to Polly, symbolising her election to the ranks of those ready to become one of the Fallen.


*


Chapter 9

Retiring for personal prayers and fasting within her cell, Polly cleared her mind of any remaining, ridiculous thoughts that she’d suffered the loss of friends.
They had ascended: she was the one who’d fallen in favour.
The shield of triumph had been awarded to her: but that triumph lay at best in her future, not her past.
She kept secret her choice of Bridegroom, as she was entitled to do. 
She had preferred, anyway, as was also her entitlement, to allow the groom to be the one who chose her, sensing she might dishonour any partner she elected to be with, or perhaps even face a refusal.
Her Bridegroom would be with her at all times on the battlefield.
But, at the moment, she realised miserably, she had no sense of his presence at all.
Had she been deemed so unworthy?
If so, her death could only be one of complete dishonour. 


*


‘I wish to see the sword…’
Gram, sword of the true and original Siegfried, retrieved from his funeral pyre by those wisely recognising its symbolic importance to the people of the empire.
If she prayed in its presence, Polly believed, then she might at last begin to discover and address her obvious failings.
Surely she wasn’t being punished for surviving the battle, when she’d already agreed to make amends through the promise of gifting her own life in the cause of others?
Her request caused far more consternation than she could possibly have expected.
Some of the Sisters appeared panicked, or at least embarrassed. They stalled in acquiescing to Polly’s application, some being more obvious than others that they were seeking an excuse to deny her the right to be brought into Gram’s presence.
‘…your purification rituals…’ 
‘…there was damage, I’m afraid, in a bombardment…’
‘…I will have to seek permission from someone higher than I…’
Now that she came to think of it, Polly was surprised that she hadn’t been shown the sword almost immediately on arriving at the convent.
It was a relic beyond all others, due not only to its ancient histories, but also to the legendary battles in which it had served as a rallying point, sometimes transforming a near defeat into a triumphant victory.
The convent had been awarded the honour of displaying it only when it seemed that peace had been established across the Empire, becoming at once an attraction for curious visitors as well as a place of pilgrimage for the religious orders.
It had been photographed, illustrated, and filmed. Numerous books as well as magazine articles had detailed its wondrous workmanship, its invaluable contributions to the Empire’s many triumphs, its mystical aura conjuring up what might have been the last reserves of courage and strength. 
The Convent of the Sword was not in any way expected to fall, no matter what malevolent forces were set against it.
The Sisters would always be inspired to fight to the very last, for the sword could never be allowed to fall into anyone else’s hands.
It was recognised by everyone that, should the unthinkable happen, and the Convent of the Sword drew close to being occupied, then it must be bombed entirely flat by their own air force.
Polly sorely needed the sense of inspiration only Gram could offer.
Eventually, after a great deal of insistent persuasion on Polly’s part, and an equal level of forthright dissuasion on the part of the sisters, she was shown into the room where the sword was on display.
The room was dominated by what could well have been a real tree sprouting up high from the middle of the floor.
It was of carved and polish wood, Polly knew, from the guidebooks she’d read long ago.
Its leaves were of other woods, precious metals, and glittering gemstones.
Of course, Gram itself wasn’t embedded in the tree, as Siegfried’s father had found it.
It hung, rather, from the tree, suspended by multiple straps of jewel-embedded leather. 
The blade glittered like a shard of frozen fire, reflecting the rainbow hued glow of every precious stone, its sharpened edges apparently cutting through even the rays of light.
The Sisters who’d accompanied Polly deftly unbuckled the supporting straps, leaving only a bare thread running from a high-arching branch to the pommel of a sword that now sparkled iridescently as it twirled in the air.
Stripping out of her gown, Polly briefly knelt before the precariously hanging sword.
Next she lay face down upon the incredibly cold floor, smoothly turned onto her back, then brought her legs tightly together, ensuring they were perfectly rigid.
Two of the sisters knelt by her bared feet; then, as one, they pushed hard on her soles, so that Polly slid across the polished floor, slipping wholly beneath the hanging blade, the crimson whorl of a scar curling across her breast giving the appearance that she’d already been sorely wounded.    
Leaving her here, all the Sisters solemnly withdrew, closing the doors behind them.


*


Chapter 10

Polly had a deep sense of…being incredibly foolish.
No, it wasn’t the fear that the thread might so easily snap, the sword falling and pinioning her to the wooden floor.
Nor was it the penetrating cold seeping up through boarding that had been laid across a naturally chilled rock.  
She had undergone rituals far more dangerous as a part of learning and absorbing the creed of the Sisters of Sorrows.
She felt ridiculed – betrayed.
There was nothing to be learned from this experience.
But…was she the one at fault?
Did she no longer deserve the intervention of the Fallen in her quest to be thought worthy?


*


Despite her reservations, Polly stayed prone beneath the hanging blade throughout the night.
She didn’t move – hardly even a muscle, or a twitch of an eye – until the Sisters opened the doors in the morning to relieve her from her self-imposed ordeal.
As they approached her, they kept their heads bowed, their faces hidden beneath the starched peaks of their elaborately fashioned wimples.
Unlike her complete lack of the expected feelings throughout her supposedly mystically enlightening experience, Polly sensed without any hint of doubt that they were embarrassed, incapable of facing her.
One of those helping her slide from beneath the blade and rise to her feet hesitantly asked her if she’d received the aid she’d sought.
‘I mean…’ she added, all the more unsurely, after receiving anguished glances of warning from her companions, ‘not that you have to…but…’
In answer, Polly could only shamefully hang her head as a rich, warm cloak was thrown about her naked body.
The swapped, uneasy glances of the Sisters also had their own message, but this time Polly couldn’t be sure what it might be.
Did they assume she was unsavable?
One of the Sister’s heads was lowered every bit as shamefully as hers. 
‘We’re…sorry…’ she said, hurriedly making her way to the door. 


*


Chapter 11

Polly sought audience with the Mother.
She needed advice; should she relinquish the veil?
Would her continued presence within the convent merely taint its holiness?
Once again, Polly sensed she was being stalled, every kind of excuse being used to deny her the meeting she’d requested.
‘…it’s a difficult time for the Mother…’
‘…the Mother can’t simply acquiesce to every demand for a personal conversation…’ 
‘…the convent is in danger; is this meeting you request really of any importance?’
‘Then I must throw off all accoutrements of being a Sister of Sorrows,’ Polly proclaimed adamantly, in effect announcing her determination to renounce all her pledges to the Fallen, declaring herself unworthy of the calling, ‘and walk from here dressed only as I entered the world.’
‘That…is your right,’ the secretary to the Mother anxiously agreed, ‘but I feel you’re being too hasty in your decision…’
‘I lay beneath the Sword of Siegfried, laying myself wholly open to aid of the Fallen: and I felt nothing but the hard chill of the floor!’
The Mother’s secretary hung her head as shamefully as the Sisters who’d retrieved Polly from the sword’s room.
‘You…you cannot assume this…means you’ve been deemed undeserving of the aid of the Fallen.’
‘I didn’t assume such a thing: Gram did!’


*


Chapter 12

Her wimple, her gown, and her uniform were all left hanging in her cell.
Polly walked confidently along the corridors, at last feeling no underlying sense of shame.
She had made her decision; this was the only honourable course left open to her.
She would die out on the hill tops, cold and hungry, as she wholly deserved.
The Sisters she came across looked on aghast, even made brief moves to intervene, to throw their own warm cloaks about her; but this would infringe a Sister’s right to abase herself to ensure the betterment of their order.
As she turned each corner, more Sisters apprehensively flocked about her as word swiftly spread of Polly’s self-inflected belittlement.
The Mother’s secretary appeared, her expression one of horror; she immediately turned about on her heels, throwing aside her aura of decorum to rush headlong down the corridors.
As Polly exited the convent’s dormitory, striding as purposely as she could still manage across a courtyard swept by freezing gusts, she saw that the secretary and the Mother had taken up position by the towering gate that led out into the surrounding wilderness.
As she drew closer towards the waiting pair, Polly could make out the anguish etched within their faces.
Yet, like the Sisters, they could make no move to prevent her from fulfilling her self-debasement.
The Mother gave the order for the huge doors of the gate to be opened.
Before her now, Polly saw, the road curled out into a rocky landscape offering no shelter, no sources of food, or even drink.


*


A drizzling rain began to fall.
The freezing drops rapidly drenched and flattened Polly’s hair, made her skin glow with a watery sheen.
She was chilled to the bone, yet resolutely continued her stern-faced march towards the opened gate, staring straight ahead, a sign that she was purposely set upon the course she’d chosen.
It was merely out of a corner of her eye, then, that Polly saw an abrupt, albeit momentary transformation of the Mother’s fearful expression. 
She could have been startled, perhaps. Or maybe she saw a way out of the dilemma she’d been presented with.
Whatever her reason, the Mother suddenly stepped forward, raising a hand as she barked out, ‘Enough!’


*


Chapter 13

The room was hardly better than the cell Polly had been awarded while she stayed here.
She’d been told to dress, as befitting any audience with the Mother.
Out in the drizzle of the courtyard, her nakedness had been urgently covered up by the cloaks cast about her by a number of Sisters who’d instantly gathered around her on the Mother’s instructions to bring Polly’s shame to an end.
The secretary’s half-hearted demurring that this was an uncalled for breaking of the rules was ignored by everyone.
‘This is hardly a typical situation, Sister!’ the Mother had exasperatedly shot back.
Now the Mother was seated before Polly, her face stern and troubled.
‘Sister Polyboia,’ she began tentatively, as if addressing a potentially unstable person who might overreact to anything they might erroneously interpret as a provocation, ‘I’ve heard much about you since your arrival here…’
‘Thank you for your interest, Mother,’ Polly replied, with a grateful nod of her head.
‘How could I not be interested, Sister?’ the Mother said kindly enough. ‘You’re the sole survivor of a formidable army sent to bring peace to our lands: and who we were relying on to relieve us of our burden here. The Sword of Siegfried cannot be allowed to fall into this new Siegfried’s hands.’
To lose the sword would be bad enough, an almost unthinkable tragedy: more than just a blow to the morale of the Empire, it would strike at the very soul of everyone.
It could only mean that either the Fallen had deserted them and their cause, or they’d proved themselves unworthy of the Fallen’s aid and support.
And if this new Siegfried could wield it in battle?
Then, assuredly, he could reasonably claim he was the true and resurrected Siegfried!
Which raised the question – why hadn’t Siegfried’s forces made far more determined attempts to take the Convent of the Sword?
He couldn’t possibly be unaware of the extra powers of authority the sword would quite naturally grant him.
As Polly at last came out of her train of thought, she saw that the Mother had also remained perfectly silent, no doubt carefully observing the changing of her expressions as she’d pondered Siegfried’s failure to take advantage of the convent’s isolation.
‘Why, might I ask,’ the Mother said now, ‘do you think such a force as the one gathered against Siegfried succumbed so easily to his trickery?’
‘Over confidence; it was one of the chief reasons, at the very least,’ Polly answered assuredly, having already given this much thought herself. 
The Mother nodded, as if agreeing with this presumption, before somewhat nonchalantly asking, ‘Then you felt…no lacking, say, in your inspiration? Your motivation?’
The Mother’s expression was serious enough to give Polly pause before she answered once again.
‘We felt assured of victory; the forces arrayed against us were relatively inept, unimpressive.’
Even as she voiced her reply, Polly realised there was something important missing from her thoughts upon the battle.
If she couldn’t quite put her finger upon the cause of this doubt, the Mother was thankfully more astute.
‘And of your relationship to the Fallen, you felt…?’
The Fallen?
Of course!
On the eve of battle, there is nothing more important than that overriding sense of connection with the Fallen.
Yes, they’d prayed, naturally – and yet the linking of Sister and Spouse was something far greater than mere prayers.
At the time, she hadn’t even considered this, wallowing instead in an all-empowering self-assurance that they would effortlessly accomplish a triumphant overrunning of Siegfried’s pitiful army.
Other than that, she’d felt – nothing.
Just like her time spent beneath the Sword of Siegfried; she’d sensed nothing.


*


The Mother had obviously accurately read Polly’s changing expressions, the thoughtful curiosity becoming a deeply etched horror.
‘We…we thought – or, at least, I – I thought only of glory for ourselves: myself!’ Polly shamefully confessed, recognising at once that this could very well explain at last everything that had recently befallen her. ‘There was no thought of recognising and honouring the Fallen; of involving them in our own eagerly expected victory.’
The Mother appeared surprisingly resigned rather than shocked by Polly’s appalling declaration. 
‘And…you blame only yourself for this, I take it?’
‘Naturally! Who else could be to blame for my own failings?’
‘And if I told you; if I confessed to you,’ the Mother began with uncharacteristic uncertainty, ‘that my own bridal relationship has…suffered somewhat recently?’
Polly was aghast, not only that the Mother was admitting to a failing much like her own, but also, and perhaps even worse, that she’d mistakenly presumed that Polly might be able to ease her troubled thoughts in some way.   
‘Mother, please; I’m not the one you should be–’
‘Then to whom else should I make such a disgraceful confession, Sister Polyboia?’
The Mother raised a questioning eyebrow, as if truly expecting a reasonable answer from her.
Thankfully, she continued anyway, before Polly could make a fool of herself with a blustering attempt at a reply.
‘Contact with my spouse has weakened considerably: to a point where, at times, it’s quite negligible – but, mostly, it’s simply non-existent.’
Polly couldn’t believe what she was hearing; she didn’t want to hear it!
A Mother who doubted her calling!
It was unheard of!
Once again, the Mother quite easily read Polly’s appalled expressions.
‘Do you presume that, in my case it’s through choice?’ the Mother challenged her forcibly. ‘Or do you flatter yourself you’ve kept your own estrangement a secret?’
‘A…a separation is quite natural,’ Polly stammered, hoping the Mother wasn’t in some way aware that no one had come through to offer her their hand during the ceremonies, ‘if a Sister feels in any way that she’s disgraced herself on the field of bat–’
‘The False Sorrows, Sister Polyboia,’ the Mother sternly interrupted. ‘Your Groom, I believe, failed to offer himself?’
Polly hung her head miserably. 
It was no use denying it: the Mother was somehow wholly aware of her shame.
‘It seems I’m declared untouchable, Mother; I wasn’t aware my disgrace was deemed so unforgivable!’
The Mother’s brow creased in a grim frown.
Even so, there was a hint of a kind, resigned smile upon her lips.
‘From what I’ve heard of your experiences, and subsequent actions, I think it’s far from being a complete disgrace; such an unfortunate quirk of fate is perfectly redeemable.’ 
‘Thank you, Mother – and yet the Fallen have undoubtedly abandoned me–’
The Mother raised a hand to halt Polly’s admission of guilt.
‘I, too, would think this – if I remained entirely unaware that other Brides have been left at the altar…’
‘Others?
Polly found this so hard to believe, she was momentarily lost for words.
‘We’d hoped,’ the Mother continued morosely, ‘that the failings were, perhaps, those of the convent; and so we’d hoped that you, as a Sister trained within another community, might show us the way to once again celebrate our union with the Fallen.’ 
As the import of this revelation finally struck her, Polly thoughtlessly blurted out: 
‘But this is worse than I thought! The Fallen have wholly abandoned us! No wonder we’re losing so badly against our enemies!’
‘Abandoned us?’ the Mother repeated morosely as she rose from her chair to turn slightly aside from Polly and unhurriedly make her way towards a window overlooking the courtyard. ‘Yes, I think you’re right.’ 
Polly’s soul abruptly felt drained of all substance. 
‘Why? In what way have we fallen from favour?’
The Mother spun about, her stare probing in its observation.
‘You lay all night beneath the sword; would I be right in assuming – for, after all, you hoped to walk naked from my convent! – that the succour you sought wasn’t forthcoming?’
Polly’s ashamedly drooping head was all the answer the Mother needed.
‘And you believe, once again, that it can only be you that’s at fault?’
Polly slowly nodded in agreement.
‘What other answer could there be, Mother?’
The Mother sighed deeply, turned slightly as if to head once more towards the window; then, instead, turned back.
‘The sword, Sister,’ she said mournfully. ‘I fear the sword is at fault.’


*


Chapter 14

‘Why…why are you telling me this?’
If the Sword of Siegfried was no longer supporting their cause, the fewer people who knew the better. What would the effect be if this became common knowledge?
Surely the Mother wasn’t so unwise that she made everyone partial to this information?
‘Because,’ the Mother calmly answered, ‘you’ve accepted that your failing in the field can only be addressed by making amends, even at the loss of your life, correct?’
‘Naturally, Mother.’
Polly was surprised she had to confirm her commitment, a commitment that any other Sister would make, should she unfortunately find herself in a similar position. 
‘Perhaps the sword’s reticence to give us aid is a sign in itself that we require a more apt symbol, in light of this threat of a new Siegfried.’
The Mother paused, giving Polly time to ponder this.
‘Is there any device that could possibly fulfil such a role?’ Polly eventually had to ask. ‘I can’t think of anything drawing even close to sharing the Sword of Siegfried’s potency.’
‘You can’t?’ 
The Mother’s tone had a hint of admonishment, even disappointment.
‘Then what of a weapon that might be seen as being capable of bringing this new Siegfried to heel?’ she firmly continued. ‘A spear; Siegfried’s Spear. Or, should that be Hagen’s Spear?’
‘But…where can it be found?’ Polly asked curiously, sensing at last that the Mother had good reason after all to have involved her in this conversation.
She would be the one expected to retrieve it, no doubt.
What were its features, however?
How would it be recognised?
Would it even be recognised, anyway, as a powerful object in its own right?
Hadn’t the spear thrust between Siegfried’s shoulder blades killed him simply because his wife had revealed the sole vulnerability in a skin otherwise made impregnable by a shower of dragon’s blood? 
But then, Brunhild had sworn an oath upon it that it would bring about his death; and that, too, after Siegfried himself had falsely sworn upon it that he’d never betrayed anyone, and the spear should strike him dead if he lied.
‘We know that Siegfried and Hagen were out hunting in the Waskenwald, and the spring where he was killed was near the village of Östringen…’
Polly had hoped for more information.
But none seemed to be forthcoming.
‘How can we be sure it remains anywhere near there?’ Polly protested as politely as she were able. ‘I’ve heard Siegfried is buried at the Abbey of Lorsch, or maybe it’s the cemetery of St Meinhard and St Cecilia: yet wasn’t he really burnt upon a funeral pyre?’
‘Indeed,’ the Mother agreed, to Polly’s surprise, only to add more circumspectly, ‘We’re also told his sword was placed on the pyre with him; and yet here it is, safely held within our convent…’
The message was clear: how much easier must it be, then, to recover an equally famous spear that no one claims was burnt?
It still seemed to Polly to be an impossible task.
Not that she had any choice in the matter; this was now her appointed role, a fitting way, in fact, to attempt to make amends for her many failings.
‘May I ask, Mother,’ she began unsurely, ‘why you think I’m capable of discovering this spear?’
‘I wouldn’t ask of it anyone else,’ the Mother admitted, ‘yet I saw, with my own eyes, that you’ve been pre-destined to take on this endeavour.’
‘You saw…?’ Polly repeated doubtfully.
‘When you were naked; the mark upon your breast.’


*


‘It’s only a scar,’ Polly insisted. ‘It’s always been there: well, for as long as I can remember, anyway.’
‘There was a prophesy–’
‘About me?’ Polly rudely interjected in her surprise.
‘The prophesy of Grípir, Siegfried’s uncle…’
Polly was more surprised than ever: what could an already fulfilled prophecy possibly have to do with her?
The Mother caught the look of bewilderment upon Polly’s face.
‘Your scar is shaped like a crow…’
Polly was still confused.
‘To hide Aslaug’s beauty, her hair and skin was tarred, and she was renamed Kráka, or “crow”.’
Polly was aware that Aslaug was the daughter of Siegfried and Brunhild: and yet she still couldn’t see how the Mother had made such a bizarre leap in her thinking to assume any of this had any bearing on seeking Hagan’s Spear. 
Besides, the Mother was mistaken; her scar could be seen as a bird, yes – but it could just as easily be, say, a rabbit, she supposed, if you wished to see it as such.
‘Forgive me, Mother,’ she said in exasperation, ‘but these are just coincidences that–’
‘That have, in their way, already negated the potency of the sword. For why has it withdrawn its aid, if not because it cannot help us against a foe who claims to be the new Siegfried? Aren’t these just coincidences, Sister?’
Polly bowed her head in submission.
‘I meant no slur on your wisdom, Mother.’
‘Aslaug is the very symbol, Sister,’ the Mother explained, ‘of Siegfried’s unfaithfulness, leading to the betrayal of his lover and wife.’
With a demure nod of her head, Polly showed that she was close to understanding the Mother’s reasoning for choosing her to retrieve Hagan’s Spear.
‘I’ll set out in the morning, offering my life as surety that I’ll complete the task set me,’ she said, adding for good effect, ‘and I vow this on Hagan’s Spear!’ 


*


Chapter 15

Throughout the night, the new Siegfried brought up his forces to attempt another assault on the Convent of the Sword.
Of course, even he wasn’t able to achieve all this in complete secrecy and silence.
The scout patrols had returned at various times throughout the night, reporting back that troops and armour were on the move. 
The rumbling of tank tracks, the growl of engines, the clanking of iron being affixed to other struts of steel, was continuous.  
The Mother, Polly heard, wasn’t in anyway surprised by this new effort to take their citadel, despite it now being months since the last attack. 
‘He senses, too, then,’ she’d sighed elatedly to her secretary, ‘that the beginnings of his demise have already been set in hand!’


*


Despite the Mother’s inspiring optimism, the partial unveiling of the besieging army by the first lights of dawn drew uncertain, even fearful gasps from the Sisters posted as a watch.
It didn’t seem in anyway feasible, yet the pink glow of a sun that was still waiting to rise far behind them also shone as a bright, blinding flash in the upper reaches of the valley’s darkness.
As the pink turned to the purple iridescence of a sun preparing to reveal itself, the glittering light hovering in the darkness before them also grew in size: for it was a reflected glow, a sparkling glint thrown back at them by what at first seemed to be an immense mirror floating in the air, a huge sheet of crudely hammered and flattened steel.
Below this, gradually revealed in the red rays of a sun breaking over the horizon, there appeared further layers of mangled metal, these more obviously formed from the wrecks of numerous armoured vehicles, crushed beyond individual recognition.
A scrap heap?
Was it a towering pile of destroyed vehicles?


*


The sparkling mirror was the raised drawbridge of a gigantic siege tower, formed from cannibalised wrecks and rising up from the ground higher than a skyscraper.
Form other viewing points along the convent’s walls, rows of tanks – working tanks – could be seen lined up behind the drawbridge. 
How could the scouting parties have possibly missed such a huge edifice being built?
Despite its imposing nature and height, the awe it originally instilled within the defenders waned as it became increasingly apparent that its own looming vertically counted against it being of any use: for the hillside it was facing, upon which the convent stood, was precipitous – yet not to the extreme extent that it lacked any incline at all.
The tower would only be able to progress so far before it reached a point where, even with the drawbridge lowered, the tanks surmounting it would be able to fire on the convent’s walls, but not advance towards it – unless someone had arrived at a truly magical way of flying them across the extensive gap.
When the attack came, it trundled forward unhurriedly, the tracked vehicles at its lowest level quite obviously straining under their charge, throwing up clouds of black smoke as they chocked and coughed like the recovered wrecks they were.
Their progress was soon blocked by the jutting rocks of the hillside’s base, the engines already spluttering into silence, as if their diesel had been all but used up.
An urgent series of heavy clanking followed, the loosening and tumbling of massive chains, the screech of metal slithering across metal.
Projections, like a number of wide girders, slid forward from just below the second level of crushed vehicles, slamming into the rock face.
Again there was that choking, that phlegmish spluttering of engines being forced back into life against their will. 
And now the second layer slowly move forward across the extended girders.


*


Chapter 16

The besiegers were in no hurry.
They appeared to be fully aware that the convent’s heavy guns would remain silent, all ammunition and powder used up in previous attacks.  
As the second level ground to a halt, the procedure was repeated, allowing the third level, and then the fourth, to move forward.
It was obvious, now, how the looming siege tower had been built so quickly.
It had been prefabricated, then hurriedly completed overnight as each layer was wheeled into place to the last gasps of engines that were no longer of any use for anything else.
It would only be a matter of time before the uppermost layer rolled towards the walls of the convent, allowing the drawbridge to be lowered and the tanks waiting behind it to rush forward.
Here they could slowly pound the ancient stone blocks to rubble with their guns, no doubt by firing continuously at the very same area, a point low on the walls where, once it gave way, would more fully collapse under its own weight, creating a massive breach through which Siegfried’s troops could pour through.  
The citadel would fall, there was no longer any doubt about that; the only matter to be discussed was how much time they had to somehow prevent the Sword of Siegfried falling into the besieger’s hands.


*


Chapter 17

Polly had naturally slipped into her uniform when it became obvious that the citadel was suffering an attack.
It was a heaven-sent opportunity to make amends for surviving the Battle of The Frozen Lake.
And so she was distraught, and even briefly protested, when a Sister arrived, informing her that the Mother needed to see her, immediately.
Even so, this was nothing to the distress she felt when the Mother informed her that she’d prepared for Polly to be spirited from the convent before it finally fell.
‘But you dishonour me completely, Mother!’ Polly objected. ‘Once again, I will be the sole survivor of–’
She stopped herself from saying anything more.
The convent would fall, but she didn’t wish to be the one who proclaimed its inevitability.
It gave her pause for thought, a time to consider that the Mother might have a special and important purpose for her after all.
‘The Sword of Siegfried: do you want me to carry it to safety?’ she said hopefully.
The Mother’s response was a wry smile.
‘I’m tempted to think; why, yes, let them take the sword – it’s of no consequence,’ she said resignedly.
‘But the wider world isn’t yet aware that it no longer offers us aid!’ Polly blurted out angrily. ‘While news of its fall to Siegfried will spread like a virus: this alone will grant him new powers of persuasion, the rights to innumerable allegiances, and…’   
The Mother raised a hand to quieten her.
‘All this is true,’ she agreed. ‘I meant only that…well, Sister, unlike you, let’s say I’ve lived with its failings, and I cannot really spare either you or the twelve Sisters I’ve provided to help you take it to safety.’ 
‘We could break the sword…’
‘It can’t be so easily broken: its previous shattering, so long ago, only occurred through a previous withdrawal of heavenly support. Besides, once taken, it could be reformed, or even replaced; the falling of the convent alone would be enough to ensure an aura of authenticity.’
As she spoke, she withdrew towards the rear of her room. Here she picked up a thick canvas bag of a size that would be ideal for carrying a large, sheathed sword.   
She reverently presented the bag to Polly, declaring, ‘Take care of it, Sister Polyboia; this is the reason why your own safety is paramount to me – to us all – today!’


*


As she held the bag, Polly wished dearly that she might at last feel a surging of her blood, a sensing of a bond, or a common purpose.
Yet once again, she felt only – nothing.
She was actually holding the Sword of Siegfried, as close as anyone had been to wielding it for centuries; and yet there was absolutely no mystical connection between them.
Admittedly, it was wrapped, hidden away, within a thick canvas bag – but what kind of power would be constrained by such a weak barrier?
She hid, she hoped, the disappointment on her face as she left the Mother’s room.


*


Chapter 18

As Polly and her protective band of heavily armed Sisters rushed through the convent, it was obvious that the citadel was rapidly drawing close to its inevitable fall.
The main wall was already breached, Siegfried’s troops swarming apparently endlessly out of the tower as if it were a disturbed hornets’ nest.
The relatively thin formations of Sisters hurriedly brought forward to stem the attack were almost instantly overwhelmed, the few survivors falling back in reasonably good order towards previously prepared defences deeper within the courtyard.  
These would hold out, Polly presumed, until the rubble in the breach had been cleared, allowing the tanks to trundle forward and take part in the next line of attacks.
The crash and clatter of gunfire only slightly faded as she and her team turned through into the very rear of the convent, where a surprisingly calm rose garden overlooked spectacular views that stretched for miles.
At the garden’s end, it fell away into nothing.
This was a sheer cliff, one rising up from its base much higher than the one forming a part of the valley.
The Mother had assured Polly that there was a way down, abseiling via a rope.
They would only be able to carry with them whatever they could sling over their backs.
It was a desperately perilous means of escape; and yet it seemed others were aware of its possibility.
As a gun cracked nearby, a Sister close by Polly dropped to the ground.
Instinctively, every other Sister whirled about upon their heels, dropped to their knees, and began to fire back at a small group of enemy shock troops advancing towards them from the garden’s far borders. 
They could only be the most elite of soldiers, for it couldn’t have been easy for anyone to have already made their way this far into the convent.
Their aim was suitably accurate, Sister after Sister falling to the crack of gunshots, despite the equally impressive accuracy of the returned fire.
‘Quick, Sister,’ the girl nearest Polly cried out above the ear-splitting noise, reaching out an arm to grab her by her uniform and forcibly yank her back towards the very edge of the precipitous cliff. ‘You have to escape!’


*


From a compartment lying within the base of one of the garden’s statues, the Sister drew out a harness fixed to the end of what Polly presumed must be an especially long rope. 
The arms of the statue, its head, parts of a leg, exploded into a storm of fragments as the attacking troops attempted to prevent their escape.
For the moment, though, the statue protected Polly as the Sister forced her to slip into the harness. 
‘We can’t hold them for much–’
The Sister’s warning died in a throat ripped out in a splattering of bloodied flesh.
Glancing up, Polly saw the last of the kneeling Sisters keel over.
Only three of the attackers were left.
But one of them was encased in an armour constructed to be every bit as invulnerable as the siege tower.


*


Chapter 19

Polly fired with her pistol at the approaching armoured man.
Every bullet simply bounced off the thick metal.
Realising there was no point in continuing to fire at him, she aimed instead now at the men alongside.
They fell easily, Polly’s aim being devastatingly accurate.
Why hadn’t they fired at her?
Because, of course, they knew she had the sword.
And if she were hit by the powerful blow of a bullet, while standing so close to the cliff’s edge; she’d fall backwards, taking the sword with her.  
Throwing her useless gun away, she hurriedly untied the canvass bag, reached in, firmly grabbed the sword by its hilt: and slid out the Sword of Siegfried.


*


Nothing.
Even now, wielding the sword in readiness for battle, for one-armed combat, she felt – nothing
Shouldn’t she sense something while wielding such an awe-inspiring weapon?
Shouldn’t the blade sing, happily rejoicing as it looked forward to the blood it was about to taste?
Had the sword deserted their cause to such an extent it wouldn’t aid her as she tried to prevent it falling into an enemy’s hands?
An enemy led by the new Siegfried…
Had the Mother been right to fear that the sword might well sense some affinity with the enemy rather than the Sisters who’d long ago sworn to defend it? 
If so, then she would die.
But she would take the sword with her; she would leap over the cliff edge lying just behind her.
It was a fall that even the Sword of Siegfried was unlikely to survive.


*


Chapter 20

The approaching armoured man drew to a halt, as if abruptly wary.
Then he contemptuously threw his own gun aside.
At his waist he also carried a sheathed sword, Polly saw now, for he reached for it, withdrew it, its blade sparkling like a roaring flame in the rays of a now fully unveiled sun.
He began his steady, measured approach once more.
Far from being terrified by Polly’s obvious intent to use the Sword of Siegfried, he regarded it as being nothing more than a challenge.
‘Are you sure,’ he growled, ‘that your sword will reliably protect you?’
Polly was startled.
Was he aware of the sword’s betrayal of its protectors?
As he continued his unhurried advance, the armoured soldier held up the sword he carried before him.
He was close enough now for Polly to clearly make out the sword’s elaborately formed hilt.
She couldn’t fail to recognise it.
It was an exact copy of the hilt of the sword she held.
A copy of the Sword of Siegfried.


*


Chapter 21

What use would a fake Sword of Siegfried be when faced with the real thing?
Casting the canvas bag away, Polly confidently took up a defensive pose – a pose she’d hope would merely fool the man. For she intended, rather, to leap at him unexpectedly as soon as he drew near enough for her to hack at him as a part of the same move.
Then again, if they already possessed an accurate facsimile of the sword, why were they putting so much effort into recovering it? On the fall of the convent, they could simply hail their fake as being the true sword.
Because, of course, any rumours that a Sister had managed to escape with the sword would ensure a cloud of suspicion always hung over their copy.
Hah – he was close enough now!
She spurted forward, leapt up and towards him, bringing her blade down as she herself began to fall…
He’d been expecting this manoeuvre, obviously.
He stepped slightly back, raising his own sword horizontally in a purely defensive move.
A foolish move, Polly thought elatedly.
The Sword of Siegfried will effortlessly cleave his blade in two.
But, to her shock and horror, she was wrong…
It was her own blade that split, that so easily shattered.


*


One shattered half of the blade spun briefly in the air before landing upright, stuck tip-first in the soft soil of the garden’s lawn.
Polly clung onto the hilt, as much through surprise as for any purpose. The broken blade would be useless against a heavily armoured man wielding a sword superior to her own.
A sword superior to the Sword of Siegfried.
A sword that had shattered the unbreakable blade.
Impossible!
Unthinkable!
Had the powers of the Sword of Siegfried dissipated so much that it wasn’t even prepared to protect itself from harm?
Or, was it that– 
Could the Fallen really feel so betrayed by the Sisters that they wished it to be so, like so long, long ago?
Polly abruptly brought the hilt up close and high on her chest, forming a cross there, a salute to the Fallen as she quickly prepared to fulfil her final obligation.
She fell backwards.
She toppled over the edge of the cliff behind her. 
Taking the hilt of the Sword of Siegfried with her.


*


Chapter 22

As Polly fell, she twisted in the air.
The hilt must take the worst of the impact to ensure its complete destruction.
Should she ram what was left of the blade into her heart, sparing the agonising thought of the pain she would suffer as she struck the floor lying so far below her?
No: she might turn in the air once more, her body absorbing the fall’s worst effects. It would leave the hilt of the sword undamaged, allowing it to be recovered by Siegfried’s’ troops.
Suddenly, the pain she was contemplating abruptly struck her in its whole, surprising force – a tearing apart of every muscle, a wrenching of bones, the brutal self-battering of the brain reverberating inside its own protective skull. 


*


When she came to, still half dazed, she found herself crazily swinging back and forth in the air, the ground still lying far below.
Her body felt like nothing more than a collection of every kind of pain. She was sore and bruised, internally and externally.
Yet, remarkably, she was still alive – if only just.
The Sister who’d helped her into the harness must have managed to buckle up two of the five straps before she’d been shot.
But already, one of these had completely ripped apart under the brutal way Polly’s fall had been so abruptly brought to a halt.
She had no idea, of course, how much the rope she was suspended by had also shredded. 
Her life was literally hanging by a thread.


*


Chapter 23

Why was the rope so short?
Had it snagged on something up on the cliff edge?
Polly couldn’t understand why a rope intended for either abseiling or lowering people to the base of the cliff would stop so far short of the ground.
Whatever the reason, she had to find a way out of her predicament before any of the attacking troops above peered over the edge and saw her hanging here, an easy target for anyone who wanted to take a shot at her.
She hoped the man in his bulky armour had considered it too much of a risk to check out what had happened to her.
Just slightly higher up the cliff face from where she hung, there appeared to be some kind of thin ledge. More unusually, an iron bar had been affixed to the stone directly opposite her, as if it were a long, thin handle leading up towards the ledge.
She set herself in a swinging motion towards it, until she could grab the bar, then used it to carefully clamber up towards the ledge.
Once seated on the ledge, she unbuckled the last strap holding her within the harness.
It was only then that she realised she’d must have dropped the last remnant of the Sword of Siegfried.


*


The ledge struck her as having been, to a great extent, man-made.
At the very least, it had been widened here and there, even though it still remained perilously narrow.
Glancing over her shoulder, she saw – with the first sigh of relief in ages – that it opened up into a dark cavity, a recess that once again appeared to be chiefly made by human rather than nature’s hands.
She slipped into the hollowed-out space, thankful that no one above looking over the cliff edge would now be able to see her.
She fell asleep, weary and wracked with pain.


*


Chapter 24

When Polly woke, she was only briefly confused by her cold, cramped surroundings.
But was it evening? 
Or a new dawn?
The sky was lit with a red glow.
Peering out of the minute cave she’d taken shelter in, she realised it was night, the glow emanating from high above, where the convent blazed.
She used the illuminating light to take a fresh look at her close surroundings.
It wasn’t just a cave, she saw.
There were steps, spirally down into the rock, like those of an impossibly slim tower.
She didn’t have anything to light the way once she stepped out of the fire’s diffused glow.
But what choice did she have?


*


The stairs descend for what seemed to be miles and miles of steps, forever curling back upon themselves.
She could have been making her way down into the very bowels of hell.
But at last, she took a step that rang out differently, her foot no longer striking stone but an iron grill that sang with hollow tones.
As she brought her other foot down, it dislodged a small fragment of broken stone that must have landed there long ago.
The stone slipped through one of the many holes in the grill, falling away into even further reaches of darkness. It dropped with a dull plop into a well of rainwater that had drifted into the stairway and collected here over the years. 
Polly felt about her, seeking a door in the darkness. 
Yet the grill curled everywhere about her like a tubular cage.
There was no way out.


*


Chapter 25

Had she passed a door on the way down?
Had this area been created purely as a means of ensuring the stairwell didn’t gradually fill with rainwater?
But…would the creators of this ingenious way of escaping the convent have been so foolish that they would present attackers with an easily discovered wooden door?
The doorway must be of stone; stone working on iron hinges and, presumably, backed by a portion of this iron grill.
Rather than feeling for a doorway, Polly ran her hands everywhere about the grill, now seeking a latch, a bolt, or some other means of opening a door.
Something moved slightly beneath her fingers…
A latch. 
She lifted it up a touch more, leant into the grill with her shoulder…
And the grill moved, swinging out on hinges.


*


How wonderful fresh air was!
Polly hadn’t realised she’d been breathing in, living on, nothing but cold, dank lungfuls.
At the cliff’s base, very little of the reddened light coming from the roaring flames high above reached into its shadows. 
She could only presume, then, that when she closed the stairwell’s door behind her, it blended imperceptibly into the rock face.
However, in all other ways she appreciated the veiling darkness.
It would mean no one could see her as she made her way into the Vale of Weeping she knew lay on this side of the convent.
Amongst that darkness, though, there was an abrupt, flame-like flash alongside her.
A reflection of the sun burst of fire rising up from the upper reaches of the cliff.
It was the sword.
It had fallen here, suffering hardly any damage at all.


*


Even as she slipped into the darkness, having placed the hilt in her backpack, Polly wondered if anyone might be out looking for her.
If a patrol had checked the base of the cliff as she’d slept, then they would surely have retrieved the sword.
She hoped they’d simply assumed the sword would have disintegrated as a result of the precipitous fall.
And, of course, that she was undoubtedly dead.
Perhaps, too, even half buried in the ground.
Even if a patrol had come this way, they could have easily missed the sword. She’d only spotted it because she was close to the cliff itself, and had caught the way it reflected the glow of a fire that was now raging.
The lack of a corpse would also be easily explained away, taking into account the effect of such a long and terrifying drop. 
Anything that was left would be hurriedly devoured or carried off by carrion and wild animals.
The devilish glow coming from high above her dimly lit up the holes to warrens, dens, and even the odd copse of small bushes scattered across an otherwise barren area.
It was more than enough light to help her find her way across the rocky ground as she hurried away from the cliff.
As she reached a point where she was about to clear the last edges of the fading glow, she expected to be looking out into noting but an apparently impenetrable, foreboding darkness. 
Yet now there was another glimmering radiance to guide her.
For the vale was spilt by the scarlet thread of a river on fire.


*


Chapter 26

The Dinor River.
Polly had noticed that a river ran down the middle of the Vale of Weeping when she’d studied a map of the surrounding land during her short stay at the convent.
But why was it on fire?
Oil, floating on its surface, was burning everywhere she looked.
It was only as she made her way farther down the riverbank that she arrived at its cause: a large number of boats, many of them armoured, beached, or half sunk.
The rest were fiercely on fire, even as they floated aimlessly, caught in a turgid, lazily whirling current.
The bodies of massacred troops lay everywhere.
Troops from her own army.
It had been another relief force, sent to lift the siege of the convent.
A relief force that, like her own, had itself ended up begging to be rescued.   


*


She needed to cross the river.
If she could do that, it completely cut down the chances of a scouting patrol from Siegfried’s besieging army coming across her.
Moving a little farther down the river, Polly came to a section where the weakly flowing current at least kept the flames away from the banks on either side. It allowed her to slip into the freezing waters, to duck beneath the surface: and swim through a cloying darkness set beneath a ceiling of curling, dancing fire.
Here the current streamed stronger than it did on the surface, briefly catching her in its swift, confusing whirling, until she kicked herself free and headed for the bank once more.
She couldn’t be sure which bank she was heading for anymore, but her lungs were fit to burst; and at last, she’d found a gap in the fiery surface where she could safely come up for air.
Despite her pained, glutaral gasping for breath, two girls innocently working the soil of the bank toiled on as if oblivious to her sudden appearance close by them.
One girl was making furrows in the earth with the tip of a broken sword.
The other, who could have been her twin, in spite of the far more dreamy way she went about her less arduous task, was using the other half of the sword to sow glittering seeds.   
Could the girls be persuaded to part with the sword tip? Polly wondered.
If it could be welded to the hilt of her sword…
Yes, yes; naturally, such a thing wasn’t easy.
She knew of the earlier history of the sword when, after Siegfried’s father had fallen out of favour with the gods, it had shattered in battle. Then only the magical smith Reginn had been capable of forging the broken parts into a new blade. 
But she no longer needed a blade that could cleave an anvil in two.
She just need a complete blade: one she could use to prove this new Siegfried’s claim to the sword was fraudulent.
‘Hey there,’ she cried out exultantly to the two girls, hoping they would be able to understand her, ‘how much would you accept for your broken sword?’


*
  

The two girls turned to face Polly with all the nonchalance of someone who regularly comes across a uniformed Sister rising up from the waters of a flaming river.
‘You’re not wearing your veil,’ one of the girls pointed out.
Lifting her hand to her face, Polly realised the girl was right.
Not that it mattered, given the circumstance she found herself in.
They were strangers to her, which would normally require the use of her veil, but she could surely be forgiven for this uncharacteristic lapse.
‘Just the tip,’ Polly continued, pointing over her shoulder to indicate the hilt protruding up from her backpack. ‘I can give you Reichsmarks: you can buy a plough. Or bread!’
The money had been provided by the Mother. 
She was also carrying packs of heavy, yet now perfectly useless, pistol ammunition, Polly recalled. 
She’d already thrown away the holster.
‘We hope our sword can one day be made whole again,’ the other girl said.
‘What use have you for a sword?’ Polly asked them incredulously. ‘Besides, it’s not really possible, you know, to repair a shattered blade.’
‘And yet…this is what you hoped for?’ the first girl perceptively observed.
 ‘Mine is a most special sword…’ Polly explained.
‘As is ours…’
‘…for it once belonged to Tristan.’
As the girl said this, she handed the hilt she held to Polly.
An inscription had been expertly engraved along the blade.
My name is Curtana, of the same steel as Joyeuse and Durendal
‘It’s the Sword of Mercy,’ the girl declared without a hint of pride as she took back the sword, her face ethereal in the sparkling glow of the hilt.
‘Or, some say, it was The Sword of Justice…
‘…of both worlds…
‘…of Temporality…’
‘…and Spirituality…’
‘…until it became blunted along its edges.’
‘You could take our sword,’ the wispier of the two girls announced.
‘…if you’re prepared to leave yours with us…’ 
Polly frowned in confusion. 
‘But…then why not give me the half I need?’
‘I can’t see that they’d go together so easily,’ the girl who’d been toiling in the earth said. 
‘It’s been tried before,’ the other girl agreed.
‘I…just need it to look like a feasible blade,’ Polly admitted ashamedly. ‘In return, you’ll be able to eat today…rather than waiting and wondering if your seeds are ever going to sprout into life.’ 
‘Life can’t always be easy…’
‘…I couldn’t live without my seeds.’
‘Life’s got to be hard around here,’ Polly submitted, taking in the barren surroundings, nourished only by the blood of fallen armies. ‘I can’t see how you can possibly survive here; would you like to come with me?’
The girls looked to each other, exchanged glances, turned back to face her.
They shook their heads.
‘We’d make poor travelling companions for you…’
‘…at least, on this point on your journey…
‘…as we are, at present…’
‘But you don’t know where I’m headed,’ Polly interrupted. 
‘Do you?’
Polly paused.
No, she didn’t, did she?


*


Chapter 27

‘It’s…it’s important that I get…somewhere…’
‘Somewhere?’ 
The girl sounded unimpressed by Polly’s uncertain declaration.
‘Where’s your home?’ Polly asked. ‘Your farm, or village? If you could direct me there, I can begin to work out where I am; and where it’s best for me to head.’
‘Is it really a place you seek?’ the girl with the earth covered blade asked, glancing over to the far horizon, where the blazing convent could be seen even from here. 
‘As a Sister of the Fallen,’ the less sturdy girl said, using one of the other shorthand names used to refer the order, ‘are you sure you’re not seeking justice?’
‘I…I simply wish to…save the Sword of Siegfried.’
The girls once again exchanged glances.
‘Then those able to help you lie that way…’ the more muscular girl said, pointing off into the darkness with her earthy blade.
‘How far?’
‘How far are you prepared to go?’ 
‘As far as necessary, of course; though I hope you’re directing me to the nearest source of help…’
‘Nearest isn’t always the best,’ the more insubstantial girl warned.
‘Take care,’ the solidly built girl added, ‘the ground of the path you’ve chosen is always shifting and unreliable…’


*


Although she was determined to heed the girl’s warning, Polly found the packed earth she was travelling across was quite firm, and not in any way as treacherous as she’d feared.
The darkness about her now, however, was almost complete, the strangely comforting illuminating glow of the flames left behind.
Ahead of her, she could hear someone…weeping. 
She headed for this, as there was nothing else nearby to give her reliable bearings.
Naturally, it wasn’t easy making out shapes in such a solidity of darkness. Yet the angular forms coming together before her were wholly familiar.
How many times had she sought it out, welcoming that familiarity as it appeared to her from out of the darkness of night?
It was a tank: one exactly like her lost Sisibe.
And as she drew close, the crying paused, stopped.
‘Polly! You’re here!’ Sisibe joyously exclaimed.
 

*


Chapter 28

No; it couldn’t be Sisibe speaking.
It was Hansa’s voice.
Hansa had survived the Battle of the Frozen Lake!
And, more remarkably still, so had Sisibe.
Despite her weariness, Polly broke into a run.
‘Hansa!’ she yelled exuberantly. 
‘Polly! It is you!’ a further cry came back from the tank. 
Gresta!
That was Gresta!
They’d all survived!


*


Polly hurriedly clambered up Sisibe’s side, sliding into and down through the turret’s hatch with the easy smoothness of well-practised moves.
The excited greetings and expressions of amazement continued even as she dropped down into an empty interior.
‘Gresta? Hansa?’
Polly peered curiously everywhere about her, wondering how the girls were managing to play this elaborate trick on her.
‘Polly? What’s wrong?’ Gresta asked, noting the confusion in her voice.
‘Come on girls!’ Polly chuckled unsurely. ‘Don’t play games at a time like this!’
‘Games?’ Hansa repeated uncertainly. ‘Who’s playing games?’
‘I can’t see you!’ Polly laughed a touch nervously.
‘But…we’re here!
‘All around you!’
‘I…I don’t understand…’ Polly admitted, reaching out to support herself against the gun’s loading mechanism.
Gresta!
She fell forward a little, touching the back of the driver’s seat.
Hansa!
Polly could feel, could sense their presence.
They were one with Sisibe!


*


Chapter 29

‘Didn’t we always say we’d become so reliant on Sisibe, we were one?’
‘Where else could we be?’
‘You left us, remember?’
‘To drown…’
‘But…I couldn’t help you!’ Polly protested, her mind torn between thoughts of fleeing these wraiths and remaining with her friends, if only to plead for forgiveness.
‘We know!’ Hansa reassured her. 
‘I…I should have–’
‘Stayed to die with everyone else?’
‘We were amazed – glad – you got away!’
‘Perhaps, after all, that’s the only reason why we’re here with you now!’
‘Because, in our way; well…’ 
‘…as we are, at present…’
‘…we’ve survived too, haven’t we?’
‘We’ve given Sisibe a soul, Polly…’
‘…a life force!’
‘It’s an opportunity, Polly…’
‘….to avenge our loss!’
Polly smiled.
Yes, they all acted and thought as one once again.
They could only have been brought back together for a reason.
Justice.
The Fallen hadn’t entirely deserted them after all.


*


Before they set off, Polly fixed the hilt of the sword to the front of Sisibe .
For the moment, Sisibe would be the new Sword of Siegfried.
A sword that wouldn’t split so easily next time they faced the new Siegfried’s troops.
Polly had told Gresta, Hansa and – yes– Sisibe of the task the Mother of the Convent of the Sword had originally set her: to retrieve Hagen’s Spear.
They agreed, as one, that it would be the ideal replacement for the shattered sword.


*


‘What do we know of this spear?’
‘I’ve heard it was the same spear as the Spear of Destiny.’
‘The spear used at the Crucifixion?’
‘That would make sense; what other spear would be capable of killing Siegfried?’
‘I’ve read that it inspired the Crusaders to victory on numerous occasions.’
‘Saint Katherine’s Church, Nuremberg; they claim to hold the spear.’
‘Is it…the real one?’
There was a moment of silence as they each thought about this.
‘I’ve been instructed that it’s the real one…’
‘Charlemagne, Frederick the First of Barbarossa, Alaric, King of the Visigoths, who ransacked Rome: they’ve all wielded the lance.’ 
‘Charlemagne only died after dropping the relic…’
‘Napoleon failed because he never found the spear…’
‘Whoever wields it can bend the destiny of the whole world to his or her will.’ 
‘A spear controlling the fate of Earth itself…’


*


Polly slept as Sisibe roared across the plains.
She had wondered, before she’d exhaustedly drifted off while seated in Hansa’s relatively comfortable seat, if they’d require diesel, oil, and the all the other supplies required for a tank to run smoothly.
But they were already running on empty.
Gresta and Hansa had said she should rest; they no longer needed to sleep.
They’d wake her as soon as they came across anything of interest.
Polly had no idea just how long she’d slept, then, when a call from Gresta woke her up.
‘Polly; you’ll never believe this…’


*


Chapter 30

The Convent of the Sword was no longer still ablaze.
It was darkened by the recent fire, smouldering even now, while many areas had been reduced to nothing more than a collapsed ruin of toppled stone and charred timbers.
Yet still, even now, mournful chants rose up from behind what was left of its walls.
‘How…how did we end up back here?’
They were in the Vale of the Fallen.
Thankfully, however, Siegfried’s siege tower had gone, along with his army.
There wasn’t much point in them staying here, after all.
‘The compass – it must be broken,’ Gresta answered unsurely.
‘We’ve been travelling for almost twenty-four hours,’ Hansa added, ‘and at full speed too…’
Almost twenty-four hours?
Polly had never, ever slept for so long.
Travelling at full speed, they should have left the convent far behind them.
Somehow – or for some reason, perhaps – they had been brought fully back upon themselves.
There would be no way for Sisibe to draw much closer to the convent.
They would drive as close as they could to the base of the high rising peaks the citadel had been built upon.
Then Polly would have to proceed on foot.
She needed to see who’d been left alive in the convent.


*


Chapter 31

She hadn’t imagined the chanting.
As Polly slowly made her way up the long, winding path leading steeply upwards, the voices of the choir became ever clearer.
A procession was taking place.
The Emptied Sorrows.
A time for the Freshly Fallen to be carried into the hall upon the upturned Shield of Timomachos.


*


As she reverently, silently, slipped into the candle-lit hall where the procession was taking place, Polly was astounded by the number of Sisters who’d survived the attack.
Had they been hiding?
Had they somehow, miraculously, defeated Siegfried’s forces after all?
She couldn’t believe this was at all possible.
Siegfried had obviously left, taking his vast siege tower with him.
But Sisters hiding away from a battle was unheard of.
A scandal of the highest order.
How could they continue to call themselves Sisters?
By what right did they call up on the Fallen to recognise them as worthy successors?
Only those being borne, one by one, up on the Shield of Timomachos retained the right to believe they would one day be welcomed into the Legion of the Fallen.
In all other ways it was a shameful procession; a procession of the shamed.
The Mother was, incongruously, proudly leading the proceedings.
Even she’d placed her own survival higher than following the creed.
Suddenly, the Mother caught her eye. 
The Mother smiled; it was too late for Polly to step back into the shadows.
As this particular procession came to an end, with a Sister accepting the Fallen’s sickle, a sign of her own acceptance of a future death, the Mother stepped aside, turning over the leadership of the next procession to another.
With a wave of a hand, she indicated that she wanted Polly to come closer.
Polly held back: she had no wish to be associated in any way with a once honourable ritual that had now been unforgivably tainted with disgrace by the Sisters’ inexplicable actions.
But then, she thought, Who am I to pass judgement?
Couldn’t this whole procession be the final culmination of the procession she’d taken part in earlier?
She’d been awarded the Shield of Timomachos, the Shield of Triumph.
Only to fail miserably in her task to save the Sword of Siegfried.
It had shattered in her hands.
What clearer sign did she need to ensure she recognised her unworthiness to represent the Fallen in any challenge she’d been set?
This procession of the dishonoured could have been arranged wholly for her.
Perhaps, after all, that was why she’d somehow been brought back here.


*


Chapter 32

Polly knelt before the Mother.
She would throw herself upon the mercy of the Mother.
‘I failed Mother,’ she confessed sorrowfully. ‘The Sword of Siegfried split as I wielded it in battle. What better sign could there be that I’m deemed unfit to serve the Fallen?’
The Mother sighed resignedly.
‘It’s…no surprise, Sister.’
‘Have we failed the Fallen so much?’
‘If we have, then it’s down purely to something that happened long ago…’
‘Long ago? But–’
‘The Sword of Siegfried I asked you to save was nothing but a copy.’
Polly briefly frowned in confusion, realising this could only mean she’d been unfairly used as a diversion. Then her bewilderment gave way to a renewed sense of hope. 
‘Then…the sword is still safe somewhere?’
‘It’s still whole, if that’s what you mean; yet it’s far from safe. This new Siegfried holds it – as he’s held it now for years!’


*


No wonder the uprising had been so successful, so unquenchable.
The new Siegfried had been the wielder of the Sword of Siegfried all along.
But then why did he need to take the convent?
Because, of course, it would remove any lingering doubt amongst his follower that he carried the true sword.
‘It’s still retrievable then,’ Polly declared, wondering if she, Sisibe, Gresta and Hansa might achieve what so many had failed to accomplish.
‘Only a few days ago, you were a small part of a vast army who might well have retrieved it. But where does that army lie now?’
‘I have…other means…’ Polly said.
‘Indeed you do,’ the Mother agreed curiously. ‘And that’s why I needed to ensure you survived the attack.’
‘Me? Not the sword?’
Of course; what would be the point in trying to save a false sword, apart from keeping the claim alive that the true sword had survived the convent’s fall?
The prophesy; the Mother still believed in this ridiculous prophesy!
And all because she had a scar that some could read as a raven!
And yet; how else could her reunion with Gresta, Hansa, and Sisibe be explained?
They’d all clearly died in the Battle of the Frozen Lake.
Yet they were with her once more – as good as alive, if not better! – ready and willing to fight alongside her and aid her in whatever quest she was appointed to undertake.
‘I will retrieve the true sword,’ she vowed. ‘On my life!’


*


Chapter 33

‘From the age of four, and the twelve years that followed, Sister Polyboia,’ the Mother declared proudly, ‘you’ve been adept in the spilling of blood!’
‘You know of this?’ Polly asked, surprised by the Mother’s knowledge of her past.
Her first killing had been an assassination.
Who’d expect a child to be administering poison?
‘You’ve been marked, by the raven. Many have followed your career with interest.’ 
Anther procession honouring one of the Freshly Fallen had come to an end.
Before a new one could begin, the Mother stepped forward, signalling with a long-established raising and sweeping gesture of a hand that they must prepare instead for a procession of the False Sorrows.  
‘You took the veil as a child,’ she said to Polly, ‘and now, in your best interests, I must order you to raise it completely over your face!’


*


As before, Polly was honoured with the role of holding the already prepared Cup of Sharing.
She had to drink from the cup warily, however, for not only did she have to drink, like the others, while wearing her veil, but she was virtually blind too. 
Why was the Shield of Timomachos being presented to her once more?
She didn’t understand.
But then, there was a lot of things she didn’t wholly understand at present.
When she took the shield from the Sister, she couldn’t make out anything that was happening about her, accept as a series of moving blurs.  
Even so, it was immediately obvious to her that something was wrong…
The shield was the wrong shape. Circular, rather than predominately oval.
It lacked, too, the indent in each side, which acted as supports for longer spears or lances.  
She was about to remove her veil when the Mother immediately stopped her.
‘No, Sister: on your life, you mustn’t look at the shield!’
‘But this isn’t the Shield of Timomachos!’
She felt the Mother take the shield form her, heard the wafting and swish of material.
When the shield was given back to her, she realised it had been covered by some kind of thin cloak.
‘Now you may remove you veil!’
Polly hurriedly swung her veil aside.
The shield she held was indeed circular, and covered in a black cloak.
‘Fortunately, Siegfried’s men failed to find it because it’s been hidden away for so long,’ the Mother explained, ‘for it’s every much a danger to its bearer as it is to the enemies it turns to stone.’
‘How can a shield turn anyone to stone?’
‘It bears the Gorgon’s reflection, even her deadly gaze, chemically burnt into its metals just as a photograph is fixed.’
‘The Shield of Perseus? The one he used to avoid Medusa’s stare as he killed her?’
Polly glanced anxiously everywhere about her.
Everyone was veiled, but only conventionally so.
Their eyes remained uncovered.
‘Yet…none of you have been turned to stone. 
The Mother’s smile was wry.
‘We are all lie well beyond any effects it might have otherwise had upon us. Though in daylight, I doubt even we’d be safe.’
The darkness, the light of flickering candles, the smoke rising from the flames; they’d all worked together to hide from Polly the true insubstantial nature of everyone else about her.
‘Or did you really think we would dishonour our order by fleeing our destiny to be welcomed amongst the Legion of the Fallen?’
Polly could only answer the Mother’s query by ashamedly hanging her head.
‘Siegfried knows his end is near,’ the Mother said, her tone one of forgiveness. ‘I made sure the poison I took allowed me time to see him, to tell him that the daughter prophesised to bring about his downfall has arrived at last; and survives despite the very worst of his best intentions.’
‘The sword will be ours once more, Mother,’ Polly swore yet again. ‘But, may I ask, Mother; did he explain how he came by the sword?’
‘A betrayal, how else?’ the Mother answered sadly. ‘A Sister who, seduced by his false promises, let him wield the sword: only for him to declare it instilled within him a whole new purpose…’ 
‘And she–’
‘She’s dead…better, though, that she’d never lived.’
Hearing this, Polly glanced down reverently at the covered shield she held, recognising the importance of the task she’d been given.
When she raised her head once more, she was in an empty hall, in which not a single candle had been lit.


*


Chapter 34

Processional halls were identical in every convent and so, in spite of the darkness, Polly made her way out with a surprising, well-practised ease.
It dawned on her that, before she returned to the others, there was one more quickly completed task she should undertake; the retrieval of the other half of the sword, which she’d left embedded in the garden.
A complete sword, along with the truthful claim that it had been taken to safety on the fall of the convent, could still plant doubts in the minds of even those wishing to believe that the new Siegfried held the true sword.
Would it still be there?
Why not?
Of what use was half a false sword to Siegfried’s troops?
Slipping the shield onto an arm, while taking care to ensure it remained covered, Polly broke into a run towards the rose garden.


*


A brick wall?
What was that doing here?
As Polly spurted along the last of the pavement that directly led to the rose garden, she saw to her astonishment that a high brick wall now completely hid a substantial part of the lawns and bushes. 
The nearer she drew towards this wall, the more she realised that it was far more extensive than she’d initially imagined, apparently oval shaped, and transforming the part it surrounded into a walled garden.
A tangle of thorny roses of every colour spilled everywhere over the top of the wall, entrancingly gorgeous in both their appearance and heady perfumes. Yet it also formed an impregnable barrier to anyone foolishly attempting to clamber up the picturesquely ancient, crumbling brickwork.
Once again, she found herself searching for a door.
This door was of wood, lying at the nearest end of the oval – but it was also locked, or bolted on the inside.
Polly desperately looked everywhere about her, seeking out a large rock, or a displaced wall stone, which she could use to batter the door down.
There was nothing here: but surely, back along the track, there must be some discarded weapon she could use as a tool to lever the door open?
She found something almost straight away. A gun with a buckled barrel, whose heavy stock would make a fine battering ram.
With urgently fierce blows, she began to strike hard at the door’s lock. Not that it seemed to have even the slightest effect on the lock’s metal, or even the surrounding wood of the door.
What was it made of, this apparently impregnable door and lock?
The only effect her ferocious attack had was an unwanted one.
The thud and clattering was enough to wake the dead.
Those of Siegfried’s troops who’d stayed behind in the area surrounding the garden came in a rush towards her, their weapons at the ready.


*


Chapter 35

As Polly wasn’t expecting any of Siegfried’s soldiers to still be around, and as she was so intent on forcing open the locked door, she might well have been unaware of their presence until it was too late.
It was a hurried, badly aimed shot that warned her she was in danger of being surrounded, for it sent splinters of brick raining about her.
Dropping the useless gun, she spun about, gabbing and uncovering the shield she’d leant against the garden wall.
Naturally, she took care to avoid accidentally catching Medusa’s gaze.
How terrifying was that stare?
She never wanted to really know. 
For as she swung Perseus’s shield before her, every one of the oncoming men was immediately petrified, each becoming in an instant a new statue to grace the garden’s borders.  
No; there was, she saw to her horror, one solider who strangely remained unaffected. 
It was the armoured man.
Once again, the man wearing impregnable armour was confidently striding towards her with sword drawn.


*


The armoured man’s visor was down.
Somehow, it must negate the worst effects of Medusa’s petrifying stare. Much as her veil had done in the hall.
Too late, Polly realised she’d spent too long trying to work out why Perseus’s shield had failed to transform the man to stone.
For the armoured man was already leaping with a surprising litheness towards her.
A deft, sharp swing of his sword sent the shield flying from her hands, leaving her defenceless.
Her attacker brought the sword swinging back again.
But this time, he seemed to have mistimed his blow. The blade tip merely slashed  through the thick cloth of her uniform, just above her breast, where it left another shallow wound to add to the already scarred flesh.
Polly foolishly glanced down to where the shield had fallen, accepting the risk of being turned to stone, as she had no other choice. 
It was her only weapon.
Too late, once again, recognising the silvered edging of the shield, she realised it had fallen face up…


*


Chapter 36

‘No Seraphia!’
Suddenly, the armoured man had thrown himself between Polly and the shield’s petrifying gaze.
In an instant, he was of hardest stone, frozen in the act of removing his visor.
Even now, however, his face of carved rock was immediately recognisable to Polly.
She’d seen so, so many pictures of this visage after all.
It was the new Siegfried.
The Mother had been right after all: she, Polly, had been the cause of his final downfall.


*


Chapter 37

Why had Siegfried given up his life to save hers?
It made no sense at all.
Particularly as he’d had her at his mercy.
She’d been entirely defenceless, while he wielded the sword.
And why had he begun to remove his visor?
Because he’d felt so confident of victory?
Because he wanted her to see who was about to kill her?
Behind her, she heard the click of a lock, the whispered squeal of moving hinges.
Turning around, she saw that the door had somehow opened.


*


Chapter 38

While averting her gaze, Polly threw the cloak over the shield lying off to her side.
She only looked towards the shield and picked it up once her fumbling hands told her it was fully and safely covered.
Ducking past this freshly created statue of Siegfried, she slipped through the door into the garden.
Despite the new wall that had magically sprouted up around it, creating a comforting, womb-like atmosphere, the garden was otherwise much as she remembered it.
Its heady mix of gloriously golden blooms, joyful whites, and bloody reds.
There was a luscious bush towards the centre, though, that appeared to be an accomplished grafting of all these blooms.
More remarkably still, as Polly drew closer, she realised it didn’t possess a single thorn, as if transplanted here from Eden, before the rose sprouted its barbs on the fall of Adam and Eve.
And that was a blessing indeed, for a sorely wounded and almost entirely naked man lay amidst its branches and blooms.


*


He could only be one of Siegfried’s men.
She should leave him to die there, Polly realised.
Someone had already attempted to attend to him, for he was draped in a long, sheer white veil.
Besides, her initial reason for coming in here was to find the other half of the sword.
What a fool she was!
She’d been so focused on carrying out her original intention that she’d completely ignored the true sword Siegfried had carried.
She glanced back towards the door.
There was a wild, abrupt gust of wind, strong enough to tear the cloth completely away from the shield, to rush through the roses as if threatening to rip apart every bloom – and to slam the door firmly shut.
Not that it mattered anymore, she realised.
Siegfried was dead.
She turned back.
The rose had vanished. 
A woman stood there in its place, weeping as she carried the dying man.


*


Chapter 39

Just as Polly had ignored the injured man, the woman appeared unaware of her as she turned about and began to walk towards a building at the edge of the garden.
But…a moment ago, the wall had curved into its far end here.
More surprisingly still, this was where the edge of the cliff should be.
The woman was heading towards a short flight of steps leading up to three doorways. Yet each was almost blocked by a massive statue: one of a calf, one a lion, and, more curiously still, one of a stubborn looking mule.
The woman passed safely by the lion, which immediately burst into life, roaring as if preparing at any moment to leap forwards and maul Polly.
Intrigued, Polly wanted to follow after the woman and her wounded charge. 
The three doorways, being so close together, must surely connect up within the building itself. She could easily ignore the growling lion.
And yet, what if she were wrong?
The only way she could be sure she was following on closely behind the woman was to walk directly through the very same doorway.
Besides, she had the Shield of Perseus: the lion could be easily turned back into stone.
She confidently strode forward, even as the lion leapt up high off its pedestal. It charged towards her with every claw bared, every tooth visible in its gaping maw.
Coolly, Polly spun the shield she held about a little, directing the deadly gaze at the onrushing beast.
Nothing about the lion changed in the slightest.
It remained flesh and bone.
It still ferociously rushed towards her.
Yet, fortunately, it must also have decided that Polly meant no harm after all. For it came to an abrupt halt. And then it contentedly lay down upon the grass.
Polly sighed with relief; then frowned in concern.
Why hadn’t the shield worked on the lion?
Didn’t it work on animals?
Or, at least, animals who only a moment ago had been lifeless statues.
She was tempted to take a look at the shield, to see what might be amiss.
How foolish would that be?
Holding the shield down by her side, she strode into the building.


*


The doorway opened up into an area so dim it was impossible to gauge its size.
It seemed at first to Polly that any of the three doors would have led her into this area; yet when she turned about, she saw that there was now just the one door, as if the others somehow led off into entirely different spaces.
Turning back, she caught a sparkling of light – two flashes – in the otherwise gloomy interior.
It was the two girls she’d met earlier, walking towards her, while still holding their own portions of the split sword.


*


Chapter 40

‘You’ve lost your sword,’ the burlier girl holding the pointed blade observed.
‘We see you’ve found what you were looking for,’ the far leaner girl said.
‘Have I?’ Polly replied, trying to recall their original encounter.
‘You were lost,’ the first girl explained, no doubt catching the confusion crossing Polly’s face.
‘But…I’m still not sure where I am,’ Polly admitted. ‘I mean…everything is so different here…’
‘Different?
‘Since when?’
‘Well, since I was last here,’ Polly answered unsurely.
The girls exchanged glances.
They turned back to face her.
‘So many things have changed,’ the more insubstantial girl agreed.
‘Your mother has died…’
‘…and your father…’
‘That was long ago,’ Polly pointed out. ‘I never even knew them…’
‘You knew them both…’
‘…just not for very long.’
‘I can’t remember them, then…’ Polly retorted, resenting the way they were talking to her as if she were somehow at fault for being an orphan. ‘I was a child!’
‘Your father…he was willing to sacrifice his life for yours…’
‘I didn’t know that,’ Polly confessed, intrigued now.
‘What greater love can there be?’
‘And it was his love that opened the door for you.’
‘Door? Which door?’ Polly asked curiously.
‘The door to the Queen’s Garden, naturally.’


*


‘It was locked; I had to force it open!’
Polly was irritated once more. It seemed that the two girls didn’t have any new information on her parents after all.
‘The Most Holy Rose Garden isn’t apparent to everyone so easily…’
‘…he died twice for you.’
‘No one can die twice!’ Polly scoffed.
‘Your mother told him she’d marked you with the sign of the raven…’
‘…but she’d only reveal your whereabouts…’
‘…if he joined her in a last toast to their daughter…’
‘Last toast?’ Polly repeated fearfully. ‘They took poison…?’
‘As your mother herself told you…’
‘My mother never…’
The Mother?
Then her father…
Siegfried!


*


Chapter 41

‘This is…nonsense!’
Polly couldn’t – didn’t want to – accept what the girls were telling her.
‘How could you possibly know?’ she demanded petulantly. 
Who were they, anyway, these strange girls?
How had they come to be here?
What were they doing, trying to eke out some poor form of living on the bank of the Dinor River?
There was movement behind them now in the darkness.
Instinctively, for she was always alert to danger, Polly prepared to lift up the Shield of Perseus she still carried with her.
But the movement was nothing more than the unhurried approach of another girl, one who could have been the sister of the other two, so similar was she in her appearance and bearing.
And now Polly’s heart leapt at the girl’s steady approach.
For she carried a spear.
What other spear could it be than the one she’d been seeking?
Hagan’s Spear!


*


Chapter 42

Was she about to be presented with the spear? 
Or would she have to take it, to fight for it?
Polly was aware of the incredibly destructive power of the shield she held.
Even so…could she be so heartless that she’d turn these three apparently innocent girls to stone?
She could, of course, simply warn them of the consequences of refusing…
Even if it wasn’t Hagan’s Spear, it was a spear unlike any other.
For blood ran down endlessly from the blade’s tip, slipping all the way down the spear’s shaft until it spilled over the hand of the girl who held it.
Polly saw that there were more girls in the procession, each as alike as a sister. 
And these girls supported between them an upturned shield, on which they bore a lifeless body, as if honouring the Freshly Fallen.
As the bearers drew closer, Polly realised the body was that of the wounded man she’d seen earlier in the rose garden.
For he was still wrapped in the virtually transparent veil.
The veil slightly shifted, it seemed, as if the man might still be alive after all; and suddenly, the man was transformed into a heavily swaddled babe, freshly born and still as bloodied.
The child being so much smaller, Polly could at last see more of the shield.
It was Pridwen, King Arthur’s shield, she believed – for its inner side was painted with a glorious image of Mary the Mother.
Another treasure that even an otherwise pitiful army could parade before it, inspiring victory after victory!
Briefly lost in this thought, she was surprised to suddenly find herself almost entirely alone once more: for every girl had vanished, and now only one woman remained in their place.
Or, rather, perhaps she’d taken the place of the man, and then the babe, for it was the woman from the rose garden, only now completely draped in the fine white veil.
The two girls had referred to her as a queen; yet what type of queen, rather than wielding a royal sceptre, held nothing but a fragile rose?
She had no other symbols conferring authority upon her.
What could a rose evoke other than love?
And of what use was that when it came to exerting power over a populace?
‘Why did you ignore the wounds of my son?’ the lady asked, only to answer her own question. ‘Ah yes: because you simply treated him the way you treat all others.’
Polly knelt before her.
For, at last, she had recalled a simple prayer from so long, long ago:

There is no rose of such virtue, As is the rose that bare Jesu, Alleluia. 


*


Chapter 43

‘You’ve bled for far too long; would you take my veil?’
‘What does taking your veil promise anyone?’ an intrigued Polly asked in reply.
A millennia ago, Mary Theotokos’s spreading of her veil over Constantinople had saved it from the Persians. Was that the offer being made?
‘The covering of my veil shuts out the false allure and distractions of Temporality–’
‘Yet Spirituality still remains a world away…unless I were dead, which I’ve no intention of being just yet…’
Mary sighed.
‘Even now, with so much presented before you, you resort to habits and old ideas?’
‘What have I done to deserve this, except fulfil the wishes of the – of my – mother?’
She touched herself upon her breast, where the prophetic scar lay.
‘Where some would have seen the lance that cured the spiritual blindness of Longinus, you saw only a weapon. Perhaps your father’s sacrifice was in vain…’
‘He’s waged war across the Empire…’
‘…of a Fallen who urge everyone else to join them! At least your father realised, if too late, that love is the key that unlocks the secret of the hidden rose.’
Polly bowed her head.
Then she raised it, proudly.
‘I confess: I’ve never been taught nor found any use for love.’
The veil shifted a little as Mary reached out with the rose, offering it to Polly.
Of what use is a rose?
Despite her doubts, Polly accepted the gift.
Yet even as she took it, the bright bloom’s stalk sprouted thorns.
And each pricked a finger, drawing tears of blood…


*


The ground beneath Polly’s feet seemed to give way.
No; not seemed.
The tiles of the floor were dissolving, rapidly becoming as insubstantial as the rest of the surrounding darkness.
Mary, too, had instantly vanished, with only her veil remaining, as if miraculously supported in the air.
Feeling herself falling, Polly instinctively leapt towards the veil, reaching out for its edges.
She meant to throw aside the rose.
Yet, instead, she cast away the shield!
The sheer veil, a moment ago so apparently flimsy, so transparent, fortunately retained its materiality: for now Polly was falling, plummeting over the edge of the cliff.
But…the veil wasn’t fixed to anything substantial, was it?


*


Chapter 44

Once again, Polly was plummeting towards a floor lying far beneath her.
She fiercely clung to the edge of the veil, praying it might slow her fall enough to…
To what?
It couldn’t possibly be long enough to stretch all the way down towards the ledge, let alone the ground.
Nothing could save her now.


*


When the swiftly unfurling veil abruptly came to an end, the brutal jolting broke Polly’s grip upon it.
Thrown towards the cliff face, she expected at any moment to suffer a bone jarring crash against the rock, only for her falling to continue once more.
She struck the face with a jolt that forced every gasp of air from her.
Then she fell – onto the ledge that had saved her once before from an immediate death.
Gratefully, she wiped the dust clear from her eyes. Then she scrambled towards the greater safety and comfort of the recess. 
And, just like the last time, when she’d also been overwhelming relieved that she’d been saved, she instantly fell asleep.


*


Chapter 45

When Polly woke, she was only briefly confused by her cold, cramped surroundings.
But was it evening? 
Or a new dawn?
The otherwise darkened sky was tinted a bloody red.
Had…had everything she’d just gone through been nothing more than some weird dream?
She’d fallen here after the battle in the rose garden.
Had slept, exhausted, and fearing that she’d be seen and captured.
The sword…
She urgently looked about the small recess.
But there was no sword hilt with her.
Rather, there was a bright red rose, apparently undamaged despite everything they’d just gone through.


*


She recalled, now, wiping the dust away from her eyes when she’d fallen here.
Using a wounded, bloody hand…
When she scraped away the dried blood about her eyes, the reddish tint of the sky vanished.
It was night, but a night lit with a full moon.
If only she’d held on to the shield rather than this useless rose… 
So many times now, she’d been given the opportunity to come away with a weapon like no other.
So many times now, she’d failed!
All she had to show for her endeavours was a rose!
Would it soon wither and die?
Even if it somehow survived, even if anyone believed it had come from Mary herself, could any army be persuaded to attack as brutally as necessary when rallying behind a rose?
Although disheartened, Polly turned to head down the winding stairs; there wasn’t any point in remaining here.
As she moved, the shadows behind her also shifted, the moonlight passing by her to light up the deeper, darker parts of the cavity.
The light flashed back at her, reflected on a burnished metal
It was the shield: the Shield of Perseus had miraculously fallen here too!


*


Polly excitedly reached out for the shield.
Carelessly reached out.
Too late, she realised the shield – of course – was no longer safely covered.
Neither was it face down.


*


Chapter 46

Horrified, Polly tried to avert her gaze, to cover it with a hurriedly raised hand.
But she saw the face.
But she wasn’t turned to stone.
The grim visage of Medusa had gone,
And in its place, there was a face like no other.
It was the face of Mary’s son.


*


Chapter 47

As Polly exited the stairwell’s lower door, she found herself face to face once again with the two girls.
They saw that she carried the shield and the rose.
‘The face of the Son…’ said the wispier of the two.
‘…a new Veil of Veronica…’ the burlier one added.
‘…which also portrayed his healing image…’  
‘…an icon raised in the battles of Constantina, Arzaman and Constantinople,’ the second added temptingly, watching for Polly’s reaction.
Polly looked at the rose.
What was its hidden secret that Mary had mentioned?
And then she recalled another line of the old prayer:

For in this rose contained was Heaven and earth in little space, Res miranda. 

When she looked back towards the two girls, they were blending before her.
The sword parts they held, too, were becoming one.
Then they were gone.
And Polly was holding the Sword of Mercy.


*


Chapter 48

Wherever the Shield of Seraphia – for Polly realised this was the name intended for her by her father – was raised, the lion would lie down with the lamb.
As prophesised, the raven-scarred girl had brought Siegfried’s rebellion to an end. But only because it had ultimately triumphed.
Siegfried’s imposing statue still stands, however, looking out from a rose garden over the Vale of Weeping. 
Many say it’s the Sword of Siegfried he’s raising high above his head.
But far more believe it to be the Sword of Mercy.


End


The Progress of Sorrows


The nautilus shell supporting Orthia’s Sickle represents the Progress of Sorrows 


The Fifteen Regrets/Burdens
The years we remained foolishly innocent 

The Last of the First 15
The taking of the veil 

The True Sorrows
To be Worthy of the Fallen
Orthia’s Sickle 
No bread, no wreaths


The procession is led by two Sisters, each carrying a flaming torch, one of which is ingeniously constructed to throw up a flame even when held upside down.
Behind these comes a Sister bearing Orthia’s Sickle, then a Sister holding the cup of Sharing/Spilt Blood.  Another Sister follows, bearing the Shield of Timomachos/Triumph.

1.	Condemnation 
Taking up the sickle of responsibilities 

2.	Encumbrance
This burden of blood within a girl can be used to assure victory

3.	The First Fall
Naivety and Timidity: put aside by Courting the Fallen

4.	Succour 
Our blood flows into the Cup of Sharing  

5.	Assistance 
We take on another’s sorrows in the mingling 

The False Sorrows
The Aid of the Fallen
The Cup of Sharing/Spilt Blood
Chants, excitement, garlands 

6.	Representation 
We drink fully of your blood

7.	Encounters
The Fallen are with us 

8.	The Second Fall 
Marriage and Drudgery: put aside by Marrying the Fallen 

9.	Denudation 
The Cup is drained

10.	Restraining 
Presentation of the Shield of Timomachos/Triumph


The Emptied Sorrows  
The Freshly Fallen
The upturned Shield of Timomachos as bier
Preparation to replace the Fallen, the Emptying of Sorrows  

11.	Death 
The Freshly Fallen is borne on the shield, holding Orthia’s Sickle

12.	Deposition  
The Fallen is lowered

13. 	The Third Fall 
Wailing and Sorrows: put aside by Becoming the Fallen

14.	Interment 
The Fallen joins the Legion of the Fallen

15.       Re-emergence 
An initiate takes up Orthia’s Sickle 







If you enjoyed reading this book, you might also enjoy (or you may know someone else who might enjoy) these other books by Jon Jacks. 

The Caught – The Rules – Chapter One – The Changes – Sleeping Ugly
The Barking Detective Agency – The Healing – The Lost Fairy Tale
A Horse for a Kingdom – Charity – The Most Beautiful Things (Now includes The Last Train)
The Dream Swallowers – Nyx; Granddaughter of the Night – Jonah and the Alligator
Glastonbury Sirens – Dr Jekyll’s Maid – The 500-Year Circus – The Desire: Class of 666
P – The Endless Game – DoriaN A – Wyrd Girl – The Wicker Slippers – Gorgesque
Heartache High (Vol I) – Heartache High: The Primer (Vol II) – Heartache High: The Wakening (Vol III)
Miss Terry Charm, Merry Kris Mouse & The Silver Egg – The Last Angel  – Eve of the Serpent
Seecrets – The Cull – Dragonsapien – The Boy in White Linen – Porcelain Princess – Freaking Freak
Died Blondes – Queen of all the Knowing World – The Truth About Fairies – Lowlife
Elm of False Dreams – God of the 4th Sun – A Guide for Young Wytches – Lady of the Wasteland
The Wendygo House – Americarnie Trash – An Incomparable Pearl – We Three Queens – Cygnet Czarinas
Memesis  – April Queen, May Fool – Sick Teen – Thrice Born – Self-Assembled Girl – Love Poison No. 13
Whatever happened to Cinderella’s Slipper? – AmeriChristmas  –  The Vitch’s Kat in Hollywoodland
Blood of Angels, Wings of Men  –  Patchwork Quest  –  The World Turns on A Card  –  Palace of Lace
The Wailing Ships  –  The Bad Samaritan  –  The 13th Month  –  The Silvered Mare  –  SpinDell
Swan Moon  –  The Unicorndoll  –  Lesser Nefertiti  –  My Shrieking Skin  –  Stone in Love
Font of All Lies  –  The Bared Heart   –  The Fairy Paintbox  –  An Angelic Alphabet
Forewarnings and Three Grapes  –  Death of a Fairytale Princess  –  The Incurable Caress
The Maid’s Caul  –  Nu’s Ark  –  A Disgraced Angel  –  Wake Me Up When it’s Christmas
God’s Toybox  –  Aurora Rising  –  Petals: Portals of Desire







