














The World of Candra

by
cgnastrand


















Dyjan Publishing. 
Copyright  2019 by cgnastrand.  All rights reserved.
All parts of this book may be used without permission of the author.  The reader in no way needs to contact the author to be given the right to use portions of this book.
The author in no way needs to provide written confirmation for you the reader to take one literary work or another and adapt them as you see fit.  
Outright plagiarism of the work to the extent that one passes off a literary work in its entirety as one’s own is embarrassing to the reader and the reader can do better.
Rather if the reader wishes to expand or add to any portion of the work that is their right, or if the reader wishes to change elements of the work as they see fit that is also their right.
In other words, to an extent, the book is theirs if they wish to use it.






















Introduction

Beginnings are easy.  “In the beginning.”  “Once upon a time.”  “It was a dark and stormy night.”  “Long time ago . . .” etc.  When you start something it always seems both easier and more terrifying than anything else in your life, but the terror is soon replaced.  You forget the terror and only remember how easy it seemed.
And it doesn’t matter what it was you started.  When you begin that starting point often gets obscured, glossed over, subtly ignored, so beginning is often unconsidered.
But nobody forgets or ignores the end.
Endings are messy, complex, you have to fit all those little strands together and make them satisfying and you have to do it while knowing full well there’s so much more that could be done, so much more that could be said.  Should I have told her I loved her?  Him?  Is it too late to walk away from this disaster, do I valiantly stride thru Gethsemane knowing it will be my ruin?  Is that heroic or cowardly?  Will anyone even care?
If they care will they care because they knew me, hated me, wanted to see my death or celebrate it, or wait patiently by my side as the life ebbed out of me?  
And that’s just life.  
Consider every book, every story, every poem, every image, the flicker of a thought at once conceived and at once ended and all those other thoughts you might have had which you didn’t, even as your one thought ends.
Is your imagining the same when you started it as when you ended it, is the hopes you had the same in youth as they are now?  Or the despairs?  Did you imagine you would end up dead as a young man or woman, ending your days in a haze of glory only to somehow survive and now the ending becomes the thought of decades yet to come, an empty canvas with nothing to scrawl upon it because you thought your perfect end was supposed to happen, and hasn’t happened yet?
Endings are never easy.  And they shouldn’t be.
Everyone wants to imagine the end after all.  You’re taught that there was such a thing as a golden age, a time before time when everything was perfect and so you turn all your thoughts backward, imagining if only you had lived at the beginning things would be easy for you now.
But likewise everyone imagines the end too, some perfect conclusion of their life and something afterward, something that explains everything, something that makes everything make sense and when you have that, that ending then everything that happened before will click into place like a well-oiled machine, and in that perfect thought true endings pale, the messy complex details seem unreal and frightening and less satisfying than one hopes for, or despairs against.
But that’s life and you don’t always get the chance to hit the right note at the right time and that’s good, that’s ok because wherever the story ends, or novel or play or idea, is good enough.
It shows that you were here.
If beginnings are easy and endings are complex don’t worry about either.  The real test of the story isn’t “in the beginning,” and it’s not “they lived happily ever after.”  It’s all that minutia in
between.  Some people call that life.
Other people call that the way things are.
After all no one remembers when they began, and usually one won’t remember themselves a second after they end.














Prologue

There was nothing at the beginning.  There was no light nor heat, nor depth, no wasting barren plains, no jungles nor deserts nor stars, nor dragons nor demons, nor lawyers nor law, nor love.
And then he opened his eyes.
Some, few scholars have debated this moment but since none but he existed in it their speculations are of course limited.  A few, when he and his kin walked the worlds asked “what was it like in the time before, and what was it like when you first opened your eyes?”
Sometimes he’d answer.  He’d stare at the stars he fashioned, glance slantwise at a world on the other side of the sky and rumble for a moment, deep in thought with himself.  In those early days, (early as he measured time though a billion years might have passed, or perhaps as few as a million,) he’d wander across his creation, across blue sands and through red forests, sail or stride across green seas, and he’d ponder the words in his heart, measure them, lick at their meaning, and then he’d answer as truthfully as he could.
“I don’t know.”  He’d say.  “This was the time before and there was the moment I opened my eyes, and a moment later Myr flickered across my consciousness, and then was.  And Remaliah and Xara followed.  And with them came my family.”  Then he’d turn the question backward to his askers.
“What do you remember of the moment you were born, the moment you were conceived?”
Most would shake their heads in ignorance, and claim they couldn’t remember.
“So too me.”  He’d reply.
Byrgirou, the first being in existence, couldn’t remember the moment he was born.  
Or was conceived.

Some, in trying to fathom a name for them have used the term gods.  It’s a term storytellers use and it means a very amorphous thing.  A god after all must obey certain rules.  They must be powerful.  Byrgirou and his family surely were, since they were the first beings and since they carved the stars as driftwood, since they walked upon the worlds, their each footfall engraving a continent into existence.
A god must also be knowledgeable.  And loving.  Merciful, proud, judgmental, law-giving and law-abiding.  A god must not only carve the stars but carve some moral precept into a self-made shape and pour that wisdom acid-like into the minds of their creation.  And if a god’s creation run afoul of some imperfect detail that god has the inalienable right to cause misery, suffering, death.  A god must be feared, must elicit some nameless terror.  And must never, ever, ever be questioned.  For being gods they know everything and therefore must judge everything the perfect ones have made as wanting.
Or so some storytellers have said.
But in this respect they were not gods at all.
Let us go over the details first.  Byrgirou was the very starting point, the self-emergent being at the start of existence itself.  He stood upon nothing in those early seconds, his wings held shadow over a plain of oblivion.  Let us describe him in this moment.
A face peered out upon the deep, sharp splintering teeth, eyes like twin moons, fur scarlet as blood might be, though blood is only red upon a few scatterings of spheres.  His form, the form he subconsciously gave himself would be described as a beast, a lion, though the fur was red, and at his shoulders two great wings emerged, bat-like.  Of course neither bats nor lions existed at this moment in time, but some, a few scholars have wondered if perhaps such creatures exist in their current form because in that moment of self-awareness some echo of himself permeated his making, his creation, some subconscious clue as to his own proper shape left as edifice in diverse places.
Consider his face after all.  His face was surely not that of any lion.  Nor his scorpion tail.
Some poets, in meeting Byrgirou, described him in the most minute detail, his massive rippling limbs, his claws, each talon of which was sharper than obsidian, his eyes gazing wonder at all he made, and in the most lofty articulations made him out to be the epitome of grace and power, strength and nobility.
He’d often laugh privately at such thoughts but let them linger in the air.
He did not want to insult them.
So, first he came to being and then in a moment he dragged out of the lingering dreams of his mind three planets.  And then, giving them light, took a talon and scratched lengthwise the night, creating small sparks against his own thoughts and suddenly a star emerged.
He carefully placed the desert closest, then the forests, finally the sea, and he carefully let grow the sun, first a spark then a flame, then an incandescent force, a blind groping inferno, and in a moment he was gazing down at his creation and standing upon the desert which grew more deeply into focus with each step he took.
Then he spoke the word and suddenly a city appeared.  And others.  Blue women with black tattoos about their eyes, strange runic patterns emerged, suddenly strode some cities of stone and he breathed hard and realized he was no longer alone.
And in the crimson forests were people like serpents given arms and legs in their bright red robes who crossed between trees whose leaves skimmed the skies, and suddenly ships appeared upon the bright green waters.
And he was amazed.  And he was surprised.
Those few beings, when they were given the chance to tell their stories, to etch to parchment or stone their first thoughts explained that they had always been.  From their perspective the sun had existed forever, their countries forever.  Each recalled fathers and mothers, some told their histories, histories which spanned back who knew how far and all of it utterly true.  For Byrgirou had not simply fashioned earth or star, or stars, but done something more extraordinary.
He had fashioned a history.
There was a time before and there was a time now, but the time before, it was not a moment ago but a billion years, more, untold billions, and striding across the libraries of stone cities he could read of their observations.  Their observations of other worlds.
And there were.  Beyond the thick violet clouds of Myr where the bone-winged ainyr sail and skim forever the dreamers, the poets, the watchers of the skies had noted stars.  
But he had not created stars.
But his children had.
He could see them suddenly, oh so suddenly then.  Ayrith, H’velul and Kaivelul, Donegal and Maesquirn were his sons, grandsons, and Gyaleloria, Csolyel, Khedrua, Kykairen, Yyaalis and Chaliardra his daughters, his grand-daughters.  They were the grandchildren and great-grand-children of the corin manticore whom some called god.
There were others, he could not count their number.  They were as sand upon the shore and he marvelled at them all.
And each in their turn had fashioned time.
And a woman came to him, blue-skinned as the sky and gazing down she gazed up and asked his name of him.  And he spoke, spoke for the first time in existence, and he said.
“My name is Byrgirou.”
“My name is Kyskalios.”  She said.
And so the creator of the universe was introduced to his creation.

Were this any other story one would assume the first moments of existence were perfect but of course such a thought is foolish.  There is no moment of utter perfection in a world, a star, no ideal idyllic paradise where nothing can go wrong.
The lands had strife and conflict, had war, and all that Byrgirou could do was create.  If he willed an earth to being it already was, a billion years of change condensed to a moment’s space.  And so creation was unfilled as he and his children walked across the worlds and if their minds flickered with an idea, a dream or thought, suddenly it was.
And none expected a perfect beginning.  But when the tragedy struck, when Byrgirou clasped to his thoughts the dying body of Donegal and Yyaalis he imagined a perfect end.  Ah, but I have gotten ahead of myself.  And the story truly does not begin on Myr or Remaliah or Xara, on Gamad or Zyrn or even amid the nine moons of the shifting sky oceans or ocean skies of Vornas.  The story begins on a small island on a small planet near the edge of a small island of stars.  The name of the island is Kyos.  The name of the world is Candra.
































Chapter One
The City of the End of Things

Gamad is a world of iron, of steel continents and rivers of liquid iron where dragonflies flitter on wings of interlaced metallic wires interspersed of membranous crystal.  The peoples there who dwell upon Gamad fear neither fire nor weapon, have no terror toward sickness nor death nor pain.
They fear but one thing and one thing only, those peoples made of iron.
They fear the rain.

It was raining that day, the final day, the last day Kuty would ever see her mother.  She rose early on that final day, rose from a bed specially made for her, slender and thin, not like the vast ocean of stone her mother slept upon which seemed so vast but only because Kuty was small.  Small for her age and for the form she should have had.
She glanced at her room.  It was black, black stone designed to hide her away.  In the old days, the days before great labyrinths had lingered under the island.  The wardens knew of them, had known of them for centuries but didn’t worry over them since the labyrinths led nowhere and they had tallied each prisoner since the kyrarai had been exiled to Kyos so many centuries before.
But Kuty had been undiscovered and so her room, her world was undiscovered by them.
Her mother and father had seen to it, had prepared.
She rose and went across to the washing wall and placed her hand against it, letting her hand slide into the soft stone.  The water skinned across her, the ever-perpetual minute waterfall which was now drawn across her naked body, her pale skin suddenly enveloped in a shroud of moving water.  
It crossed thru her long black hair, across her face, down past her small breasts, her stomach, (“a patch of sunlight never wavering,” as her mother said, some song she’d learned which meant, something, but neither mother nor daughter knew what exactly now,) her legs, and then deposited itself at the foot of the wall, completing its circuit.
The water drew off the small particles of dirt and sweat and skin and Kuty thought a moment about her mother who had no need for such a thing.  Her skin was like steel after all.  Impervious to all but the force of the wardens.
After getting showered Kuty left her room, left the small soft bed, the rows of book which sang to her of other lands and of Zanaan from whence her people came, and then she began her run.
Afterward she knew she’d return to let the water cleanse over her again.  Normally the run would come first but today was the last day.  She wanted a chance to remember and take in every aspect of the life which she had led to this point.  Even if she had to do some things again.
The labyrinth was of black and yet utterly bright.  The kyrarai had no need of light but her father had known illumination was needed and so he had swam north, away from the lands they knew.  The wardens had watched carefully but taken no action.  So long as the kyrarai never touched landfall they were mostly exempt.  So long as they returned to Kyos by eight-sixteenth day.
The walls were etched.  Written by fingers which had climbed into the stone, jagged script which told the history of the kyrarai.  Far above Kuty had seen the towering black cities, the great galleries meant for creatures who stood as tall as the wardens’s hands, and so could almost be considered giants in their own right.  
In her earliest memories she had listened to her mother whisper of the old days when the kyrarai spanned their realm from Kyos through the Shannix Hills as far as the edges of the Fire Waste.  There was a tinge of sadness, of misted longing in her tone, and once or twice Arlistriya’s voice would break.  Kuty had nestled to her mother’s arms and listened in the great labyrinth as she learned of where the bones of her people lay, scattered to the Orsanal Plains, upon the desert, last legacy and monument of their entire race beyond the borders of Kyos.
Sometimes, in those early days she’d imagine them, the kyrarai in their prime, the way they shadowed out the sky when they flew, the way they could cross not merely a continent nor a worlds but worlds, beings made in the partial image of their maker.
But it always returned to the same end.  They had been left exile here, here for almost four thousand years and whenever Arlistriya wondered why she’d need only look at her daughter and remember.  Long before the bones of the kyrarai were laid lengthwise in the sand the bones of so many others had been laid foundation first.
Kuty could heard her mother’s voice breaking, breaking because her mother knew the depths to which they’d fallen long before they’d ever lost.
Today is the day, Kuty said to herself as she passed the corridors and galleries, as once or twice she stared upward at the ceiling which was the thin membrane between the twin halves of what remained of the world they ruled.  Today is the day I escape.

Ibasuqe had flown twenty years before.  When he had learned Arlis was pregnant, when he realized the enormity of it he knew what he had to do.  Across the other side of the water was Calranus, one of their former cities.  The wardens never touched it, they left the three cities intact as monument and constant reminder.  They dared not touch the foundation of their lives.  So long as the cities lingered, so long as storm-demons remained the wardens had purpose, agenda, life, the older generations had purpose.  To move a stone from off the edges of Calranus would have been blasphemy.  The cities of their former overlords had become their gods.  Their rationale for being.  That and making certain the storm-demons never troubled Candra again.
There had been three of them who flew.  Three of four who remained.  The kyrarai had long lifespans; four thousand years had translated to roughly ten generations, each one dwindling to half what it had been.
They flew west on great leathern wings while Arlis lingered by the shore, watching as the wardens crossed the River Seel heading directly for the doomed.
Ibasuqe scoured the city searching for it.  Them.  Where?  Not in the great ziggurat.  He roared through the libraries of the old ones and found only dust and ruin and the obliterated names of kings.
No.  Not in the Making-Chambers where the jalal and the arlgith and the giants had been changed or conceived.  He passed the cylinders where flesh still stuck to walls, quivering softly as if in acknowledge at his passing, but could not find what he sought.
The wardens were upon them then.  Xaisjuestria and Mair-Vaisoqtreuia had stood sentry.  They had watched as the wardens came, each footfall shaking slightly the ground.  Both had bared their fangs and threw themselves against the giants, each one of whom’s hand gripped tightly the storm-demons, drew them up eye level and then crushed their bodies to powder and tossed them to the ground.  Later of course the wardens would collect the bodies and deposit them upon Kyos.  It was their way to maintain the lineage with their purpose.  They watched the storm-demons, living or dead.
Where?  The sun had reached its height now, the air smelt of an acidic blood and Ibasuqe was running out of time.  He closed his eyes, all of them, and thought.  Not the ziggurat, not the flesh-mechanics chambers, not the library . . . the observatory.  
He flew, snatching fingers into the obelisks of stone as the wardens came, moss-shrouded figures whose hooked noses jutted forward, cornering their prey, sensing his pulsing heart, each flake of skin trailing across the air from them to him, but it was there.  Yes, at the top he smashed the walls and came face to face with them.
Two jewels.  Small, tiny.  Were they them?  It?  In the circular room the jewels were positioned on a dais in the middle, one black one green, and as the hand slowly crawled forward, a marching thunder he felt rather than saw he screamed, mouths opened, and swallowed the jewels as for a moment, instinctively, the wardens closed their eyes at the sound of their despair-riddled prey.
It unnerved them to imagine the storm-demons behaving as living, sentient, frightened beings.
He felt his bones break then.  Arms, legs, thighs crushed in an embrace somewhere between love and scorn and pity.  He half- imagined the warden who ended him didn’t want to, really.  But he had no choice.  It was the rules of their behaviour to kill the kyrarai who ever returned to the land of their beginnings.  Even if Ibasuqe was one of the last and they couldn’t accept the loss of their purpose, still.  They couldn’t accept the loss of their rituals either.  Caught between the two states of being Ibasuqe’s life came to an end.
The three bodies were then carefully wrapped in shrouds as the wardens walked or rather waded across the sea to the last storm-demon lingering by the shore.  They placed the bodies down and turned away.
So one remained.  They had not noticed she was pregnant.  Soon it would seem her child was never born.  And she would, at least seem to be, the last.

Kuty ran in the labyrinth.  In her head her mother’s words came to her again.  She was carried with each step, back further and further to the time before, to the time when the kyrarai dominated all the lands, all but Lrruisa to far south where the ships of storm and shadow came which raced across the sky . . . she shook her mind to the moment and stopped.
Since her birth twenty seasons ago her mother had spent herself to pour into her daughter all that she might know or need to know.  Simultaneously to give credence to the lie her daughter’s presence was to tell Arlis had scattered along the shore planks, beams of wood, a wreckage in miniature in just a night.
It had taken ten seasons to gather all the pieces and then to arrange them, arrange in the most perfect minute manner the ruin by the rocks and when the wardens came to look they saw a few strips of cloth, the dead ship and the sound of moaning, as if from many men.
The wardens were under orders of course.  Once a ship beached, for any reason, all abroad her, be it elf or human, moselantja or tairen was deemed lost.  No exceptions.  One could observe from a distance the dead and dying but take no action against or for them.  They were deemed lost, but not ignored.
And so when Arlis came upon the sands and clutched to her seemed . . . what was that?  A bundle, a shrouded form, small, smaller than a human or elf should be . . . a child?  A child had survived the wreckage, barely an infant, and the warden upon the further shore gazing across the waters noted with a clinical calm the details, the small pale skin, the long dark hair, the plaintive wail, (engineered by her mother of course,) the warden could but shake his mighty head in sadness and then go on his way.
And that was that.  Kuty became known to the wardens, though known not as she was but in the guise of another’s flesh.
And now, twenty seasons later, all was in readiness.

Kuty of course, in her role as shipwrecked child, had to vanish.  Her mother explained it to her; the wardens had to see Kuty, once, as a child, and then only be given the smallest hints.  Was she dead?  Had the evil storm-demon devoured the poor girl?  The wardens had to begin to crane their necks out over the water, a moment at a time, an inch a season, noticing the kyrarai along the shore with only the vaguest glimpses of the girl.
“Does she even exist?  Baligostria asked.  The leader of the wardens stood upon the shore and watched the storm-demon walk.  The monster strode from the city of the end to the shoreline, glanced upward at her jailor and then bent down on oddly bent legs and picked at a few smooth stones.
The warden loomed at her.  He was not flesh so much as presence, as will.  His green moss-soft hair roiled with the wind and his hooked nose itched toward the obsession of his life.  He did not so much see the demon but sensed her.  Keened over so many centuries the wardens knew, (or thought they knew,) each subtle hint of their quarry and the meaning of their lives.
What was that?  Yes, there it was.  At the smallest ebbing of his perceptual awareness Baligostria caught a scent of something which was not kyrarai.  Softer smell, like crushed sand, no, no no wrong word, not sand.  Earth, powder, and suddenly he recalled when a human caravan had wandered by and he caught a scent of a cloud of skin which sloughed off them like fine mist and his nose detected the subtle hints, the traces of their lineage, noting not only how they smelled but their ancestors, and those before them.
Turning to Hydraxaspe he watched as he too became aware.  It was true.  Another was on Kyos besides the storm-demon.
Of course there had been others.  A few servants or slaves made by the monsters but Baligostria knew she was the last.  And in that thought lingered an ancient terror.
“So we know now,” Hydraxaspe said simply, the younger warden tossing his great head toward the monster in mockery.
“Yes.”  Baligostria turned and walked away.
Arlis smiled and returned the way she came.

Yes Kuty had to be revealed in increments, a stage at a time.  The wardens, Baligostria especially, had to ponder the meaning of the girl.
“Why do I like this mother?”  Kuty asked when she was smaller, when everything else seemed bigger then.
“You are the shape of something unusual, rare in this part of the world.  When I am gone you will be swept over to the other side,” her great wings shielded the young girl as she spoke and for a time Kuty nestled to her mother’s side, terrified at the thought of being alone, “and on that other side the wardens will come to you.  You will be the last link between what we are and what you are and they will ask you questions, about me, about what I was like.  You may tell them truly anything, except from where you came, how you came to be.”
“And then?”
“The wardens will either release you or hold you a time, but on the farther shore, far from here, and soon enough my child, my sweet child, they will focus not upon you but me.  My bones.  The giants will come en masse.”
“Why?”
“To mourn.  I am the last.  Without me they will have no purpose in being anymore.”

It started to rain on the day she readied her escape.
She was free to step above ground now.  The wardens heard sometimes the sound of lashes, of moans, a few shrieks of pain from galleries and halls but always so diffused it was impossible to tell if she were being harmed, if some other was perhaps tortured, (was there only a girl left, or girls?  Or men?  How could the monster hold a menagerie though without being noticed?  How could so few wardens ever see a single girl?,) and so uncertain in what was happening more and more of the wardens clamoured to the shoreline.
They could have of course merely stepped across the waters but to do so was taboo.  There was some shadow of a fear in disturbing the island, not a curse or a blasphemy but something more insidious.  They feared their presence might somehow endanger the demons and if the demons were endangered what might happen to them?
And so they waited, more and more, upon the farther shore.
Imagine a labyrinth of statues, each standing half the height of a mountain, each slowly rumbling like out of thunder, limbs stalwart as tree trunks but thicker than the walls of the most impregnable of cities.  Moss clung to their bodies, green oceans of living movement swaying in sympathetic rhythm to their heartbeats.  Eyes yellowed as blasphemed gold stole glances across black waters as mouths slowly opened wide and the long hook noses bent forward, massive spears sharpened to blunt points as the moaning, the final plaintive moaning sounded, and sounded, and stopped.
Kuty had emerged above ground and as she did Arlis had produced the last noises of her abuse.  In the black gallery the kyrarai had a machine which allowed one to mimic various sounds, voices, something her people would have considered a tome.  The wardens knew nothing of it and cared less.  Only the storm-demon mattered, not what some ancestor of hers had done.
Of course paradoxically everything her ancestors had done had led to the kyrarai to this exile now.
The irony was not lost on her.
At the proper moment as Kuty could clearly be seen exiting the black gallery, exiting the great mile-high doors of blunt obsidian Arlistriya could be seen striding upon the topmost tier of the great ziggurat.  No ambiguity, no question of the cause of death.  Arlistriya couldn’t have the wardens even imagine once the human slave had been guilty of her end.  She shuddered to imagine with such information what they might have done.
Now.
The air was pale and clear and oddly touched of bronze and grey and she rose on her great wings and sailed upward, straight up as if in triumph as the human slave slunk away.  And then and only then she clutched at her chest, (make it look good, make it look right, Striagith died this way a century before and Baligostria’s predecessor would have taught him this, make it look right Arlis, you only have one chance,) as all at once her wings failed her.
“What’s happening?”  Hydraxaspe asked.
“It’s her hearts,” Baligostria said, “something’s wrong with them.”  In a moment he stepped forward out into the icy waters, his every instinct forcing him to move and his every fibre of being telling him to stay.  Of course they could march into the water, could even leave the bodies of the dead but he felt that he was going to stride to Kyos, step foot upon the island and the only restraining thought was none had ever done it before.  Not in thousands of years.

The poison was working she knew.  The xhulex she harvested from below was working, the sensation was beginning.  They knew nothing of this, couldn’t have known, and as she rose higher she looked down, once, just once, pretended to scream at her own daughter, as her daughter looked up.  
And she fell.
The city of the end came into view then.  She saw the great ziggurat at its heart, saw the long cobbled streets in their spider web pattern from the heart, saw the buildings crouch upward like curling beasts and in a moment she gazed out across the waters to Calranus, to the other city of the end.
And knowing her daughter would be safe she was content.
By now her eyes were closed.  She felt herself falling but didn’t see it.  Her last memory was not of cities or streets or the hoary frost-headed fools who with mouths agape were watching her.  Her last memory was of Kuty nestled in her arms as she carefully sang to her a lullaby of home.
Her body crumpled to the stones and she was gone.

Kuty ran to her mother as the thunder struck.  It had rained after all, rained for hours before, clearing (on cue) in the final act of her mother’s performance.  The rain left a glistening sheen to everything and she was by her mother’s broken body as another thunder struck.
A footfall.  The giants were coming now.
She was sobbing uncontrollably as they came and without realizing it she couldn’t stop.  A litany of memories poured through her; days and seasons of listening to her mother’s stories, her knowledge of the old ways suddenly cut forever.
And a voice came to her then through the fog of recollection.
“It’ll be alright.”  Her jailor said.
And then she was gently carried away from home.


















Chapter Two
This Milk Soft Moon Smooth 
White Wine of Mine

Xalmen is a world of storms, of an endless sea and rocky isles, of shorelines littered with hoveled huts clinging like primordial shelled things anchored to the greying stones.  The sailors of Xalmen, those grey women and grey men who go out, who lash themselves to the skins of ships carved from the broken bones of ancient beasts, what do they cry out when the storm is black and the world is night?  They sing, laughing and rejoicing in the faces of their enemies.

Kuty had to cool herself then.  She was no longer Kuty the girl who laughed in the labyrinth, who ran, who freely darted in the dark places and sang imperfectly the old songs.  Now she was Kuty the girl taken by the evil monster and raised to be a slave, perhaps, worse, perhaps unaware of the outer creation that had been hidden from her, (by the actions of the wardens either way,) and as Baligostria bent down on his massive legs shadowing the now appearing sun she had to stifle a scream.  As he spoke, as she was carried she had to stifle her screams but whimper just enough to be believable.
Were she human she would scream.  In the labyrinth she practiced sometimes, her mother correcting her performance, (“no no, a bit louder, yes, now sing sharply, good, that’s good,”) and having lived all her life upon Kyos she had an instinctual fear of the wardens, but here, in this moment she had to be of two minds.
Days before her mother had prepared and she had had to stifle herself then.  Kuty had stood at the edge of the black labyrinth as her mother prepared the poison and longed to say, to say anything, everything, but she couldn’t.  She had learned to mimic how the humans appeared, their gestures, their movements and her mother had taught her, over and over again how to shunt her feelings into unused channels of thought.  (“Do not cry now.  Let me become as amber my child, as crystal.  Feel the tears ebb.  Wait for them, be patient child.  Hold them away from you for a time until you are safe and then be free to let them blaze from you again.”)
And so in the dark she had learned how to appear afraid or angry or sad while that second skin beneath her own worked, letting the true feelings bubble beneath, ready in the safety of a later moment to be shed.
And yet when the tears fell, despite herself, she was feeling it.  And now?
“She’s shuddering,” one of the wardens said to Baligostria.
“Why wouldn’t she?”  He asked.  “I tremble at what she’s been through.”  And so the girl was taken from her home to her home again, a human returned to the lands of her people while never being able to see her lands again.

Cala was firing at the stones.
There was a row of obelisks about the edges of Calranus and the young woman was taking aim and with a flick of her wrist a small dagger would go flying.  In her mind’s eye, (she closed her eyes less than a moment after the blade was thrown,) she imagined the exact trajectory.  She could see the bronze-gold hilt spinning like the orbits of Kallar and Lehri about the world of her home.  If she focussed ever so tightly she’d even imagine the blade would twist silver like Kallar or become a crimson tear like Lehri and the stone obelisks would bend to becoming the night herself.
Then she’d open her eyes and the blade would be exactly where she wished it to be and with a minor sigh she’d go over and pick up the blade again.
Small leaf-shaped knives they were, handles of bright bronze along with the hilt and after Cala had picked up the last one she turned her attention back to the dark lands of her visit.
The wardens of course saw the land beyond the River Seel as simply a furtherance of their task.  No kyrarai had reached the shores for long in thousands of years and yet the wardens had never taken the lands here for their own.  They patrolled, they walked, they marched but they never dwelled for long and they never desired to.  And why not?
She gazed upon vast plains, tall grey-bright grass swaying and sometimes she caught them singing one to another.  Or so she imagined sometimes.  And the city . . . why it was small for the wardens but the building materials were astonishing.  Cala had seen the wardens pluck the wreck and ruin of a far mountain and simply carry it to Bursania to be used in furtherance of their walls.  But Calranus?  Untouched, a museum meant for no one to reveal the glory of nothing good.
She sighed and continued her target practice.

Baligostria clutched the child to him as they came upon the black city by the shore.  There were others, two others, but so far inland they could not be seen.  The others lingered now but even as they did he caught the small signs of panic in their glances and their eyes.  They had not moved in so long and they were standing beyond the river and every fibre of their being told them to move, to continue the patrol, to seek the higher lands beyond the black city, to keep the march, to never give up . . . and their quarry was dead and the only token of her existence was this wayward child.
It wasn’t fair.  Such things simply shouldn’t have happened.

Cala watched as the great giant approached.  The wardens had lingered along the shore, a mountain range in miniature, but made of flesh and blood, and . . . tears?  She picked her knives from the dull earth and began to walk.  Of course it would take a bit of time but the wardens were fixed upon the spot and as she glanced across the water she saw why.
Baligostria was returning.
Cala had been with them when the kyrarai rose and fell.
Hard to miss really.  
First had been the rain.  It had misted across both sides of the water and a few of the older wardens recalled when the demons boasted of such power.  (Of course, thought Cala, their weather control technology had been mostly obliterated after the war but it was possible after so long a few pieces had been repaired, certainly not enough to cause any trouble but she was hardly a fan of the rain.  Assuming the kyrarai were even responsible for it.)
Then the clouds parted as if upon some sorcerous cue and the sounds of a crying girl and the kyrarai taken to flight.  And then the fall and for the first time ever a warden strode forward with the attention of touching the farther shore.
Cala had watched and then went back to her practice.  It was not a lack of empathy or interest on her part.  But she had journeyed halfway across Candra to visit the dark lands of the kyrarai and in this moment neither their lives nor their deaths mattered much to her.
After all so long as the kyrarai lived Kyos was barred her.  So long as one remained the last refuge of the ancient overlords was out of Cala’s grasp.  But now that the kyrarai were dead she still would most likely be unable to cross, considering the look of abject awe in their jailors’ eyes.
All she could observe would be ruins and no more.  She had beared witness to the ending of the line and she could at least boast of that, but unlike the wardens her identity did not rest, or end, with them.
“I wonder what they’re going to do now?”  She asked herself as she took aim at an obelisk which was stronger than iron-stone, hit her mark and noticed yet again no damage had been shown.
As if she had actually been trying.
Of course there was the girl though.  She went to pick up the blades and gazed across at the towered head of the chief warden.  A human, (not her people but not bad people either,) who had beared witness to the last days of the dying breed.  The wardens would either quarantine her forever and make her an object of worship.  Or both.
But what would she do?
She slowly strode back the way she came when she’d laid eyes on where the last kyrarai fell.  Strange, she thought to herself.  However had the wardens arranged things to bring into sharp relief the shapes of the city of the end of things, or the kyrarai themselves?  She’d have to ask when the proper moment came.

Kuty had reached the black city of Calranus finally.  Her mind had split into two directions.  Firstly she had outwardly calmed, subtly, slowly, as if with each step Baligostria had gained her trust.  But within she was panicking more and more, each footfall a grim reminder of what had befallen so many of her kind.
(“How had he died?”  She had asked her mother, speaking of her father.
“The hand of a warden had reached out and crushed him.”  She had simply said.)
Were these the hands of the warden that had killed her father?  She could not tell.  Her mother had not seen whose hand had killed him.  She only knew by the evidence of his body.
Given time her mind jotted down these thoughts, these possibilities but she had to maintain her illusion, her panic ebbing to calm acceptance.  Freedom from the beast.
And then she saw the strange one.
Not a warden.  This one wore oddly grey garments, boots, leather instead of bare feet.  It was a woman Kuty knew, but only because it seemed, she seemed so very like herself, except the hair was not dark, (could hair be something other than dark or moss- coloured?,) but golden as the sun, and she was not the size of a warden.  This was no mountain.  This seemed an echo of herself.
“Hey!  Set her down here!  Here!”  The woman screamed, and pointed to the ground.  The jailor faced the small being and nodded and obeyed.  Who would speak to a warden like this without death greeting their bones?  Kuty asked.  And then she realized she was astonished, and more than this her face and features matched the thoughts within.
And she was lowered, the world shrinking now, no longer able to see the far plains, no longer able to see the great Serpent Mountains in the far distance, now only the tops of the black towers, now the great royal roads of nameless kings and now face to face with a woman.  With oddly formed ears.  They were pointed.
She stared into oddly pale blue-green eyes and a small mouth which was pouting and the face seemed to bend around her thoughts, to get behind her defences and without thinking Kuty wrapped her arms around the strange woman’s neck and wouldn’t let go.  And eyes closed she seemed frozen in a moment.
Baligostria was about to reach down when Cala looked up and shut her left eye.  An old sign, sign the slave races had used which meant all-clear, sign most couldn’t remember anymore.
But the wardens could.  They’d never allow themselves to forget.
All-clear.  The strange woman was not hurting Cala, was probably just jolted by the emotions of seeing an almost friendly face.  Baligostria turned to the others and all for a moment turned to the isle.  The funeral pyre could be clearly seen by now, the small rivulet of heat and smoke coming from the topmost tower.  So it was over.
The wardens had won and fulfilled their purpose of defending all Candra from the threat of the storm-demons.
So now what was life for them left?

“What is your name?”
It took close to one-sixteenth day before the strange girl released Cala’s form.  She had had to be pried gently from the young woman, a slow process but Cala was patient with the last tenuous grasp of the vanished ones.
There in the black city as Kuty came back to her senses, to her self, she realized she had been clutching at this strange woman, an unconscious act, as if the thought of finding some mirror image had all but shattered her carefully laid plans.
No long spiel, no questioning the wardens might have had.  No standing in the city-fortress of her people misdirecting them with stories of a casual brutality carried out by a monster who in truth she loved more than life or death.
No peering face from above, from skyward, no hooked noses bent down nor eyes great as small yellow lakes of eyes taking in each aspect of her form.  Instead a woman whose graceful features echoed her own and suddenly the great divide between herself and herself subtly closed.
Were she aware of it she would have realized her attraction to Cala in an instant but despite all her mother had taught her she’d never taught her this.  In point of fact, had Arlis realized it, she’d never known such thoughts herself.  Ibasuqe in his death had lingered in her mind not as some tragedy but a simple means to an end.  No malice in the thought, but no devotion either.
Yet her final thought had been her daughter then.
And Kuty was discovering there was more to life than this.
“My name is Kuty Hugut,” she said and then almost stopped herself.  Of course Hugut had never been mentioned, was not even a portion of her name.  It was some ghost of a story, some almost lost name.  Name of a lover doomed to betrayal she had glimpsed once along an almost smoothed wall.  Why had I given such a name?  She asked herself.  But it hardly mattered now.
“My name is Cala,” the strange woman said and the wardens clustered round and gazing up Kuty tried to gain some solace in the clicking-into-place of their positions as they were supposed to be where her mother had said.  Cala had ruined it though.  But ruined was not the word Kuty had intended.
“You are among friends,” the young woman said, gazing upward at the wardens in their midst, “and you are safe.”
“Safe,” Kuty echoed, and gazed downward at the ground, her heart suddenly beating wildly, her mind racing as she tried to cool herself.  Had Cala noticed she pretended she had not.
“I am safe,” but as an afterthought in her mind she replied, in the presence of my enemies.

She huddled into herself and sat upon the shore.  In the distance the giants were at work.  Now that her mother was dead they were finally given free reign to explore the apogee of their obsession.
It had always lingered out of reach, the isle of Kyos, left tantalizingly away from them and ever in their thoughts.  The lingering fear of disturbing their condemned prey had meant the giants never ventured there, save in their thoughts or dreams.  They couldn’t.  It would be as if a man were promised paradise and so long as the promise held he’d keep putting forward the date of his rapture, expectant in the hope of a perfect end, but so long as he imagined it he’d never reach the end.  
The thought alone sustained.
Now the dream was ended and paradise was at hand.
In the empty city of the end Baligostria had strode.  He had crossed the great royal road forged in the dark time before and for a moment, just a moment, he was content.  All that they had done to his kind, all the lingering terror of their nightmare when all of Candra’s northern lands had been their abomination, their accursed plaything, had been meted out here in punishment toward each of them.
A hundred generations were spent in making each of them live with the actions of their predecessors, seeing the far shore, knowing Calranus was within reach, knowing each day their former slaves gathered and watched and let linger the dwindling fire of their former tormentors.
And now the last was dead.
And in a moment he marvelled in his triumph at seeing the end.
And then he wept and wept and wept and simply couldn’t stop.
And Kuty sat and watched and marvelled at her loss, and his, and reached into her garments and drew forth the second jewel her father had died in acquiring, the jewel and the dull silver ring her mother had given her and the small splinter of grey behind her ear.  Her entire people’s legacy reduced to three small slivers of metal and stone caught in an alien hand.
And suddenly her tears flowed easily in echo of his own.

They had questions of course.  She had expected this and now finally her part she was allowed to play uninterrupted.  After the time upon the shore the giants had questions.
What was she like, the monster?  What had happened to her father and mother?  Where were they buried, or had the monster eaten them?
What had she learned about the storm-demon race, what arcane knowledge, what cursed secrets had let slip in the final days?
And she answered them, staring upward at the faces bent down and arrayed against her as the obelisks of her people dimmed in the twilight and the silver and the scarlet slowly ascended in the sky.
The monster was evil.  Her parents were dead.  The monster had eaten them, (she could have said they were buried or burnt but she could sense what her audience expected her to say.  Except for the woman beside her whose thoughts she could not portend.)
She knew some of the language, (she had cursed herself for naming herself Hugut, considering it was a kyrarai name and the wardens might have wondered why the storm-demons would have given a slave a name from one of their own, then realized they would no more know a kyrarai name then the name of the kyrarais’ first world,) and she knew a bit of the history, what little the monster had told her.
Raised apart from the rest of her kind she had been taught that the kyrarai / storm-demons / monsters had once ruled the northern lands and had been gracious lords who had built whole races of beings whole cloth.  Like the giants for example.  And that the kyrarai / storm-demons / monsters had been, under the leadership of Darsyap-Igel the most powerful beings who had ever lived until a rebellion had occurred and they had been struck by a plague.
This plague had meant they could no longer bear children as they had and at the same time the giants had emerged, stronger, more cruel, and had scoured them from Candra, forcing them to linger on a small piece of ground while Darsyap-Igel their king had been torn limb from limb and forced to wait upon the shore to die, for his sins in leading his people to their failure.
And that was what the monster told her about why the kyrarai / storm-demons / monsters had dwelled on Kyos isle.
And Baligostria sat by one of the black galleries and pondered all this in his heart.
So even after so long the monsters pretended they were not responsible for their fate.  They could not see what they had done.  He was content, if for but a moment, and then rose, the ground staggering at his movements then.
“What more do you want to know?”  Kuty asked.
“What do you feel about us?”  He said, his back turned, the thunder of his words shaking a little the obelisks gathered about.
“She called you the most dangerous things in the world, who would have killed anyone who escaped Kyos isle, who would have torn apart the world if one of the evil ones had ever escaped.”
“And am I such a thing to you?”  He asked, the great dark continent of his back casting a deeper shadow as Kallar and Lehri came into the skies overhead.
“I don’t know,” Kuty replied, “am I an enemy of yours?”
He turned and gazed yellow lakes of eyes at her.  Then spoke, his words taking a moment since they began above the tall spires of Calranus.
“No,” he said simply, “you are no enemy of ours.  I should take you with us to Bursania or Janderia myself, to one of the warden cities to the south but I do not know enough about humans.  As I understand it some of you are like this, and some appear like us,” he meant gender she realized suddenly, remembering that the giants were grown like great trees though they were of flesh, “and I would not risk losing one such as you.  But we are fortunate, for Cala is here,” at her name the young woman bowed, “and she has promised to take you south.  With a few of us as protectorate taking to the outer edges of your walk you should reach Bursania in three days crossing.  And then, with her guidance you shall be made comfortable in our city, where you shall linger.  Always.”
“I am honoured to be accepted into the city of my master’s enemies.”  She lied.
And Cala watched her closely and said not a word then.
But later, far later in the night as all slept she began to sing.  She strode to the edge of the black city between the stone and the sea of grass and began to sing, sing a slaves’ song, song of their captivity.

“This milk soft moon smooth white wine of mine
the demons’ stole into the night and took my flesh 
besides, and all my bones they stole with them, and 
in mourning came the night, and by the morning’s 
light 
what more was left of me?”

She paused a moment to stare at the great swelling bodies of the giants as they stood motionless about her, seeming to rest though they never slept, and the young woman clutching a grey garment against herself, then turned toward them sadly, wondering whose voice had caught her own.  The voices of the giants, of Kuty’s or the kyrarai, as for a moment the grass sang with her a crooked voice so like the kyrarai’s own.




























Chapter Three 
Like the Song Says, But 
I Wrote the Song

The Aceans have no home, or so the legends say.  The centipede princes swarm from world to world seeking only after a perfume, a scent, some black decaying echo of what might the dream of their former realm had been, along the black winds between the worlds which guides them.  If fortunate those who deal with the great golden-bodied Aceans can be given wealth or youth if they but provide a simple thing; a clue to where the Aceans’ treasured desires lay.
It does not matter if the knowledge be true or false.

Calranus had fled away by now.  Had seemed to stride away.
They had crossed the River Seel, had crossed into the countries of light from out the dark lands as the wardens called them, and Cala and Kuty had walked for three-sixteenth the day when they desired to stop.
Three of the wardens marched about them moving like great solitary mountains mirroring each step of their own.  Equalled between reverence at her knowledge and terror that some small scrap of a living being from Kyos now stepped across the land the three lacked Baligostria’s will to even make eye contact with the slave girl, tortured by the beast.
But Cala had no such difficulties.
“So what did you do on Kyos?”  She had asked nonchalantly.  “How had you survived?”
“I think the storm-demon required company, being the last of its kind and so I became like a surrogate daughter to it,” keep the lie close to the truth and you’ll be fine she thought to herself, “someone who could share her thoughts, her memories with.  About the old times.”
“I see.  That makes sense.  So why did she hurt you?  I was told they heard you screaming but I don’t see any bruises.”
“They had, she had, things that never left a bruise, when she felt I had made a mistake.”
“And did you err often?”
“Often enough.  What of you?  What sort of thing are you?”
“Ah, well, that’s a long story.”  They had sat about the grasslands as the tall reeds whipped forward and back and the three wardens stood motionless, waiting for their cargo to set sail again south.  “I was born in the Valari Forest, do you know what a forest is?”
Kuty shook her head.  No.
“It’s a sea, a sea of trees, the last sea of trees in all of Candra.  It stretches as far as all the dark lands of the north and a good portion of the isles and it is where I was born.”
“Why did you leave?”
“It was an incredibly dull place.  My people, we are called elves, do you know what that word means?”
“No, the storm-demon mentioned the term but I never knew what she meant by it.”
“It means scholar in the old tongue because that’s what we were.  There is a place far from here called Myr, it was created by Byrgirou, the first of the arisai.  Do you know what an arisai is?”
“No.”
“There is so much you don’t know then.  Well, he made the first worlds and his children made more.  And Myr, his first creation was desert.  Great oceans of blue desert and the peoples there were called dreamers.  We’d call them storytellers here.
“Well,” she turned to look at the sky a moment and kept talking, “these story tellers, these dreamers, some of them wished to do rather than say, wished to experience rather than pretend and they left, scattered just as the kyrarai had scattered from their world and like the kyrarai my people came here.
“We didn’t look like this at first, we were blue, strange thought, but we changed and when we changed we settled in the great forest.  At first we experienced, felt, did, at first we scattered ourselves across Candra but I think some older instinct hit us when the kyrarai attacked because besides myself none of the elves have left the forests of Valari in thousands of years.  Not since the elves retreated into the sea of trees during the conquest of Candra.”
“You left though.”
“Yes, well, the others think me quite mad.  The others consider me a bane upon their kind.  I am no longer even considered elf but something else.”
“Elfsbane?”  Kuty asked.
Cala smiled.
“Cala Elfsbane, an apt term.  Like I said elf means scholar but one can’t be a scholar if one learns nothing.  My people stopped learning and retreated inward and I couldn’t.  To live up to the name I had to venture out.”
“A name your people reject you having.”
“Isn’t that always the way?  Tell me, do you wish to spend the rest of your life in the company of the wardens?”
“No.  But from Bursania perhaps I can head west, maybe go to the land of my birth.  Have you met many humans?”
“A few.  There is a city called Pyral where the humans congregate.  Last human city in all creation.”
Kuty marvelled at this.
“What do you mean?”
“The humans, like my people, once scattered themselves a long time ago.  There were places where the humans went.  There are even stories they tell of some place, called . . . dirt, or sand, or perhaps clay, where they originated from.  Though it wasn’t all dirt or sand, had water too, and trees, and mountains.  Anyway the humans scattered but there was a war, some disaster, perhaps the same ruination that felled the kyrarais’ world.  And in the wake of that ruination the humans died.  You are a rarity Kuty Hugut.  You are one of the last thousand humans left in the creation alive.”
“I hadn’t known that.”  She said.  Nor of course had her mother.  In the time before humanity had numbered in their millions, even here on Candra.  So the kyrarari were not the only people in decline.  “Are there others like this, dying races?”
“Some, a few.  Mind you humans are not dying exactly.  There are a thousand and I can’t know for sure, perhaps some small corner out between stars a few linger there.  But even a thousand is enough and to tell a human in Pyral theirs is a dying race he’d spit in your eye.  Of course since the time of the Shadow Planet we don’t know how many places were emptied, or peoples lost.”
Kuty rose then.
“I think that’s enough for now, why don’t we keep walking?”
“Yes, of course.”  Stupid, stupid girl Cala thought to herself as she rose.  The poor child’s been torn to another land and what do I do?  I fill her head with stories of other planets and dying places and peoples and how would she know anything about humans or the Shadow Planet or the arisai?  My own people know no more than she and they were not exiled to some bleak corner of Candra.  “Do me a favour.”  Cala said.
“What?”
“Forget about most of what I said.  Not important.  Just keep your mind on this.  You don’t have to go to Bursania.  I’m heading west and I think perhaps you’re safer with me.  Besides I doubt you know anything important about the kyrarai.  About where they came from or what they were even like.”
“Cala Elfsbane,” Kuty said, “that is the truest thing anyone has ever said about me.”
And so the five began on their way again.

Etanrae, Miaognaigh and Belylforium strode about the edges of the pair.  Of course neither the elf nor human could properly pronounce their names.  Strange to imagine that, Etanrae thought as he moved forward.  For all their wisdom they couldn’t fathom a single name or know it’s meaning or intent.  It was as if all they saw were flesh nor even a sliver of clay buried underneath.
And here he was standing before their eyes.
Stop.
He raised an arm and the other two paused and the pair ground-close did likewise.
He sniffed the air.  He turned the moss-shrouded head back, his yellow lake eyes piercing beyond the river but only a dimmer haze could he see.  And yet.  What was that?  Not arlgith.  The weapons of the storm-demons dwelled in the Shannix Hills and never ventured forth.  Jalal?  Here?  No, they were to the west and even a phalanx of them would not so much as scratch the outer membrane of his eye.  Nor cause this small shiver of a panic in his bones.
Monster?  Dead.  Human?  No.
So what was he smelling then?
Arisai.
He mouthed the word slowly and Cala caught the semblance of the tone.
“Arisai?”  She asked.  He nodded.  It was afar off beyond the river but he knew, knew that scent.  An arisai was on Candra now.
And suddenly the warden was torn.  Return to the northern lands to see the last of them or lead the young girl home, his home not her own.  How long had it been since one of them came to Candra?  He couldn’t tell.  Surely the last time had been before, before the conquest.  Surely.
“We must turn back,” he said.  It was an unconscious thought echoed in unconscious words.  Suddenly all thought beyond returning ebbed away.  He turned about-face and the others did likewise.  And without thinking he went to scoop the pair of them up.  Cala lunged to her left, the brown leather of her armour scourging against a stone as fingers six times her length went burrowing into the earth making long furrows and then fled upward back into the sky.  And beneath her body was Kuty’s own.
And without knowing if he had caught the pair or not the giants strode by, their every thought subsumed.
“And we’re next.”  Cala realized, speaking to herself outward as the three wardens slowly vanished, becoming haze far to the north.
And without speaking she drew forth a dagger from its sheath and sliced the palm of her hand, did likewise to Kuty and without another word the pair began to run.

Byrgirou strode the city of the end of things and was not content.  Four lion’s legs prowled the emptied city and down in the labyrinth he made his investigation.  Donegal he whispered occasionally.  Or Yyaalis.  But if he were aware of the mantra he uttered silently in his mind he knew it not.  It was the reverberations of a clock-strike pounding slowly at his heart.
Great bat-wing bent in the low chambers as he felt the thunder-rumble of drums, the footsteps of the wardens overhead and were he afraid of death he would have feared the collapse of the lower labyrinth.
But death held no terror for him then.
Here.  The girl has slept here.  He prowled the room, licked at pools of scent, small perfume-etched objects the girl had used.  And for a moment, a subconscious moment he became aware of something none could have known.  He sensed the familial threads of her flesh mirror-echoing her mother’s own.  If he had paid closer attention he would have hit upon the thought immediately but he didn’t.  Or rather a portion of him did not.
Then he strode to the mother’s room.
Broad canopied spaces, wider, not the cramped below but a room with a view, view of the far harbour, view of the black city.  Each day from a bed of white soft-stone she could watch the wardens watching her as she woke.
Clever.  He did not know who was more captivated, the jailors or the prisoner.
 But where was the ring?
“You can’t keep doing this to yourself.”  Donegal said suddenly and the great head turned to see a young being standing before him.  Not like anything on Candra.  Luminescent body, bodies, blending and melting into each other, soft rupturings of skin, yellow-white flesh enmeshed with blue and red circular spots which could have been eyes perhaps.  Or mouths.
He had taken, this ghost of an arisai, had taken the shape of his own creation.  But it was not Donegal in truth he knew.  He was staring at himself.
Suddenly a kyrarai came to view.  Ah, so now his dark reflection was appearing as she had wished, in the guise of her creation.  Suddenly great bat wings shook out the sun and six eyes stared at him in pity for the dead.
“Go away,” Byrgirou said, and on the farther shore Baligostria heard the words.  But he did not understand their meaning or intent.  And the form melted like ice in a summer storm.
The ring was not here.  The ring of Korgius should have been upon the isle and when the last of the kyrarai died it should have lingered here.  All his thoughts, all the pinpoint focus of his rigid mind had gravitated to this truth logically arrayed.  But you could have come before, the shadow whispered then.
No, I could never have come before, to watch the last shred of Yyaalis’ creation tattered like this, ruined like this.  It were better I had waited.  The tears would have started flowing and simply wouldn’t have ever stopped.
In a flash he crossed the room, the wall, the water, and stood before the warden.
“You said there was a girl?”
“Yes, a slave girl the storm-demon had.  I took her here myself and now she is heading south.”
“Not for long, I am drawing back everyone here, everyone who had left.  Just in case.”
“In case Byrgirou?”
“By any chance did you see if the girl was wearing a ring?  It would be grey silver, dull, like cold stars?”
“No, but,” rising to full height, “it would hard to fathom anything from where I see the world.”
True indeed, the arisai thought.  The farther one is from creation the harder it is to see any created thing.

Cala felt the first tremor but moved on.  So did Kuty.  The arisai.  Strange, she hadn’t even heard of them save in legend.  Of course for creators they were surprisingly low-key.  No temples were dedicated to their worship, no acolytes, no fights to the death, no crusades.
One did not raise temples or statues to painters or poets.  If creation was their nature creation was how they sought reverence and nothing more.  And the arisai’s method of creation allowed so much room to grow.  In a flash they appeared having made the world but in making the world they first created time and so first created history.  
They appeared at what was the dawn of time but had already filled in the gaps, the corners, the unseen places before.  No different than any storyteller who begins their tale with a pair of beings running and then gradually draws back more and more of the world as if the world had always been.
As if the pair had always been running to somewhere instead of just running.
Cala and Kuty ran.
To where they did not know.  Yet.
Across the fields they ran and let the pain etch and linger in their bones.
“Why are we fleeing?”  Kuty asked.
“Because I don’t like being used, or called to heel, especially not like this!”  It wasn’t fair, she thought to herself.  Arisai didn’t do this, not usually.  Almost not ever.  She had seen it in the warden’s eyes, being summoned, summoned like a child by its parent.  The indignity of it.  But there was another reason, the larger reason she wasn’t saying.
Arisai didn’t do this because it violated their sense of creation.  Forcing a being to move, to return, it was taboo like a parent erasing portions of their own child.  It was blasphemous and any being who held no terror in violating its own nature held no terror in violating the natures of others.
So Cala ran and as she did so Kuty ran with her likewise.
Trying to outrun a god.

The three returned.  They revealed the pair were somewhere to the south.  Why had they not tried harder?  All thoughts were focussed upon the voice, Etanrae said.  Lovely voice.
“They have returned, release them now.”
Byrgirou, for a moment imagined burning Baligostria, he felt this driving hate in being told anything.  The shuddering thought of this being even raising his voice . . . and a darker shadow whispered in his ear, “do as he says, now.”
And Byrgirou did.  He freed the three and they relayed in their own words striding back and Baligostria nodded and the arisai grew tense.
“Why have they not also returned?”  He asked.
“Well,” Baligostria said, “their legs are smaller than our own.  I imagine it might take them a little while longer.”
Burn, burn, burn, burn, stop, stop, stoooopppppppeeeee.  The shadow slowed and slurred its speech, a mocking tone and suddenly Byrgirou was not standing in the black city but lying atop a pile of treasure and four leonine like creatures were nestled about him.  Female.  Not arisai, but close.
Close enough?  The shadow asked, taking now the form of one of the golden lionesses.
And he imagined the scent of soft smooth wine and the laughter of these women and the slow embrace of each of them and his heart cooled at last . . . 
“Yes of course,” the stoic faced god said, reluctant god, and he turned to face the sea darkening in echo of his own.  “We should take their path then.”
“Surely you could stride across the land in a shadow of a moment to Bursania if you wished Byrgirou, or Janderia.  It would be the easier route since they are due there.  If you release your hold, your attempt, they would travel south as they should.  If do you nothing but wait there all will fall into your grasp.”
“Of course,” the oddly monotonous tone of the arisai’s voice hummed in the air, “you are right.  I was . . . in haste.”
“Might I ask, why concern yourself with a ring?”
“Yyaalis, my daughter forged the ring and gave it to her first creation.  I learned that the ring could provide me something, something we have looked for for a long, long time.”
“And what is that I might ask?”
“Perfection.”  And the corin manticore was gone.
Baligostria pondered the strange words.  And then he gazed down.  While the arisai had spoken a talon had been at work.  It had dug into the black stone and had written something.  Unconscious and unknowingly.
The message read: “The last of the kyrarai is not dead.  She is the human girl Kuty.  Pursue her.  I would if I were you.”
And taken aback the great giant roared and before he even knew it he could not tell if he roared in rage or pleasure that one was still alive.
And so leading the march the giants headed south.

“It’s stopped,” Cala said.
“Good,” Kuty replied.  They had ran for some time with a subtle humming in their ears.  “Shall we continue our route to Bursania?”
“No, no I don’t think so.  Something’s wrong and I don’t want to follow the old plan.  We should circle around the two cities and head south then west, past the edge of the Serpent Mountains.”
“I was hoping to go west, but why?”
Day was starting to lose itself.
“Like I said, I don’t like being brought to heel.”
And so the pair turned further east now, heading toward the Shannix Hills, the only route south the wardens would not intend.  And once or twice Kuty reached into her garments and felt the cool skin of an old ring, as night fell.
















Chapter Four 
The Serpent Cross

Zharus was created from stone, did you know that?  The one who made the ground, the oceans, the barren plains choose stone, and only stone.  No other created thing.  And the peoples of Zharus are serpents, some striding with legs, others upon great muscular tails, and in their coverned cities of stone some sleep, some wake, some weep.
But even then they weep but stone.

Byrgirou waited.  He had crossed the threshold of the giants’ city, had strode the royal road where the great lumbering footfalls shook almost silently the ground and here he waited for the girl and the woman.
He could do little else.
Of course had he wished he could have stretched forth a limb, a thought, reached out into the grasslands beyond and searched for them.  He said as much to Baligostria before he departed.  With but a gesture he should have scoured the broad lands and found them in an instant.
Except of course he couldn’t.
He had only claimed the wardens due to their size, great boulders in a sea of grass, but the girl and woman he could no more see than a giant could have seen the ring.  No more than he could see the ring of which he sought.
But he dared not say such things.
Once of course, long, long before he, they, truly could have done anything.  Built a continent with each footfall almost silently shaking the ground, but now he was the last and his power ebbed day by day.  Soon as foam he would dissolve along the breakers of eternity and be gone.
This he knew.  And this he knew he could not reveal to them.  
He had stumbled in the dark between, meditating upon the face of the deep, his own face, attempting to bridge the intangible silence with the untellable shadows which groped like lapping dogs in the dark for him.
For he, as they before, had sought to found Ledhia and the longer he sought this perfect creation the more his own flesh and soul fled from him.
“Are you hungry?”
A giant bent down to the reluctant god and offered some food, from the smell a beast, a boar perhaps.  Ah yes of course boars, Yyaalis loved them, the bristle of their hide, their tusks . . . in a moment he had shut himself away and was there again, on Zanaan, there amid the kyrarai partly fashioned in the guise of her favourites.  And so many other favourites etched into their form . . .
“Thank you, but,” a gazelle appeared, dead at his feet and he bent to its throat, but not before adding, “this will suffice.”
The giant rose up and went on his way.
This was how he had sustained himself of course.  Small acts of creation, a half-finished world here, an almost made isle of stone in a sea of night there.  A gazelle brought to creation already dead.
He eyed the flank.  Odd stripes roiled down the body and the horns were curled like mollusks one of his children had created.  The eyes were golden and in a moment he remembered which of his sons enjoyed giving all his creations eyes of gold.
He closed his own then, the great pools of white which were the merest membrane of a last god’s sense, and fed.  As the body was devoured he grew stronger but only because with each mouthful more of the creature was added to being.
A leg removed?  A leg restored.  The flank ripped open?  The flank made stronger.  Suddenly without realizing it he drew up his breath and in a flash the gazelle sprinted upon her legs and in gaining the momentum of being raced the great grey road and was gone.
Could he have stopped her?  No.  Even with her sustaining him as he reached out his mind to call her back she was gone.  Wherever the two had fled to he could not trace them with his thoughts anymore.
“It’s not too late,” a voice in his head whispered, “to make more than this.  Throw away that stupid dream of yours.  Please.  It’s not too late.”
“The ring,” he said, and a few giants stared down at the great smear of red, the great red lion stolidly standing in the middle of the road, “the ring is what I’ll need to make this better.  To make amends.”
And had the giants noticed they would have seen a smear of oil shift its weight under the sad god’s body and then fade like foam upon the rocky reaches of the shore.

“Welcome to the Shannix Hills!”  Cala proudly exclaimed.
They had avoided Bursania and Janderia by moving closer to the sea.  The hills occupied a portion of the most easterly part of Candra and were an utter contrast to all that Kuty had known.  They were unlike the broad lands, the island, unlike even the far mountains.
The hills rolled like serpent coils up and down, smoothed mounds of earth circling each other utterly.  It was impossible to tell where one edge ended and another began because the hills sloped into each other, or a few did, or none, perhaps some illusion.  There did seem something utterly unreal about the place.
Of course in the far distance an equally unreal sight greeted the pair of them.  Due to the nature of the eastern lands they could see in almost all direction and far to the north-west Bursania loomed.  Cala had been there.  She had wandered beyond the thousand foot thick walls, had scurried under a gate large enough to let a mountain through.  The streets extended so far it seemed the other side of a continent, each row of buildings the thick boundaries of fortified countries.
And the city was so unadorned.  The city seemed a solid block of stone, a mass of iron rolled and etched into the earth, unmovable.  As if grown.  A grey blossoming river of iron had froze solid amid the grass.
“Let’s get in,” Cala said and so the pair of them slipped between two grey hills, though they had nothing to fear.
Byrgirou waited.

“Have you been here before?”  Kuty asked.  For some reason she was starting to notice more the longer she was with Cala.  Out on the walk she had noticed the grass and how it bent and asked her what the meaning of this was, how the grass turned and twisted this way and that.
“They’re just looking at you,” Cala said, then smiled and added, “or maybe it’s the wind.”
“Wind?”  Kuty had asked.
Since then she had started to notice more.  The plan after all had involved Kuty pretending to be somewhat ignorant.  But she had always assumed her mother taught her everything she knew or everything worth knowing.
She knew about the history of the kyrarai and most of the technology and some of the other lands and none of the smaller details like wind or the names of plants.  Or feelings.
Amid the hills where small vines grew and strange red flowers burst she started asking “have you been here before?”  But what she meant was, “do you know what this is?”
“I was never here personally, but that there is a scarlet-shower.”
“Why it’s called . . .?”  Before she could finish her sentence one of the five pointed flowers exploded, covering her in a thin mist of red.  “Never mind.”  She said.
Cala smiled and sat by a stone.
Kuty felt the small particles of crimson clinging to her face and tried to wipe them off.  But couldn’t.  For a moment, seen from the right angle it appeared as if she was smeared by a thin layer of ochre or fur, appearing less human perhaps, or more.
“Why did it do that?”  She asked.
“Scarlet-showers burst when they sense heat, body heat from living organisms.  It’s their nature, they can’t help it, and when they do they release those spores which will eventually fall off, litter the ground somewhere else.  Far away.  To create life.”
“What happens to the flower though?”
Kuty turned to see the blossom had not simply exploded but withered on a vine.  In a moment nothing was left but an almost charred wreck.  “Seems kind of sad,” she said.
“Yeah, well if it doesn’t die nothing gets created either.  Nothing lives forever,” Cala said, rising, “and nothing ever should.”
Sobered for a moment the pair went on their way as the vines shuddered a moment at the passing of a once and familiar thing.

The arlgith sensed them moving amid the vines.  Green thorn-laced labyrinths were the floor of the world littered occasionally by an animal but these were something else.  Warmer.  Hotter.  No.  Wrong word, but why . . . ah yes of course.  Two legs.  Instead of slinking-close-to-the-ground-things these were like white hot suns, apparent and obvious, moving about haphazardly.  Creating chaos.  Making mistakes with each step.
Curious and curiouser, it thought.
Perhaps I should introduce myself, it said.  And it answered back, go ahead.
And so it did.

Cala felt the trembling green vines shudder and stopped.
Kuty was absorbed in noticing a raindrop on a thorn.  Odd, why hadn’t I noticed this before?  I had always just assumed all the clouds and rains were my mother’s or mine.
Without looking up she asked “what is it?”
“Let’s move back.”
But it was too late by then.
Some of the vines were not green Cala realized but transparent, luminescent, like skin paled and lit, as if lightning washed through them.  She had her back to Kuty and Kuty instinctively reached for the small splinter of metal by her ear, do I use it?  Now?  Here?  Mother said it was only to be used in an emergency, but . . .
“What is it?”  She asked, echoing her words again.
“Arlgith.”  Cala said and drew a golden hilted knife.
Behind, beyond the vines a shape grew taunt.  It was rounded but was no hill, nor was it large enough to be.  The “vines” were tendrils cast upward, off its skin.  They snaked between the true vines but the flowers did not rupture in its presence.  For it was cold.  Cold as stone had been.
Small blue dots, and red, appeared, eyes perhaps, yes, eyes and there the slit of the mouth was grown, teeth suddenly descending, ascending, spiked jagged like grind-whale teeth, only thinner, more needle-like.
“Hello,” the monster said.
And Cala’s expression quickly became a deep quizzical frown.
“Hi,” Cala said slowly and Kuty lowered her arm, gazing over Cala’s shoulder at the thing.
“You should not be walking where you do not belong,” the form said, as twenty blue dots widened, each one pointed directly at the pair of them.
“No I imagine we shouldn’t, but we had no choice.  I am Cala, this is Kuty.”
“I am Moglum, or, we are Moglum, is we the right word?”
“I don’t know, is it?”  Cala asked.
Small tendrils writhed in a circling maze about the pair.
“It’s so hard to tell sometimes if I am me or he is me or she is me?  We don’t have what you have you see.”
“And what is that?”
“Skin like yours.”  A tendril brushed against Cala’s face.  “It’s soft and yet I can’t know your mind by touching you, can’t melt together in one embrace.  But if I touch one of my kind we blend, we dissolve.  I have seen things on the shore, white things like this.  But I forget the name.”
“Do you mean us harm?”  Kuty asked.
“I don’t know what harm is, and if I did I’m not sure I’d know if I was trying to do harm, or did harm to you accidentally.  Aahhh yessss, I remember the word though, yes now I remember the word though I had quite forgotten it,” the mound shifted upward and for a moment Kuty saw the shape of a warden in the gelatinous mass but it was distorted, twisted and she almost screamed, “yes, so long ago that word was uttered in my thoughts.  Haaarmmm.”
It said the word slowly, savouring the sound.
“Why we did so many harmful things back then.  My how many we ate in the time before, I remember,” a face, Kuty’s own face now was brought directly before their own, save it was paler and the hair was made of tendrils and scattered of blue and red, “I remember how we would appear as the forms of our enemies, their loved ones, their children, how we’d watch the shimmering terror as they were forced to kill those they loved, or themselves, and even then the wounds we received did nothing and grief-ruined we devoured their very bones.  Tell me do you have any weapon stronger than a blade on you?  I am just curious, and I would like to knowww.”
Again it elongated the sound, reverberating its thoughts against the green.
“Yes,” Kuty said simply, or at least attempted to speak simply though each fiber of being screamed at her to run, “I have a kyrarai weapon, an axe.  I have the axe of Ieltish-Ayrirh and if you value your life you will leave us be!”
And the arlgith was taken aback.
So in truth was Cala.
“A kyrarai weapon, an axe?  You have one of their weapons?  I knew it.”  The arlgith said.  And suddenly the vines slid back, the face recoiled back into the mound of flesh and the form lessened.  Suddenly it was no longer a mound of flesh.  Suddenly it was a girl.  Kuty was caught staring at herself except this mirror image was paler and where her eyes would be were nothing while small blue and red dots orbited along the creatures’ arms and legs, occasionally stopping to stare more intently at the pair.
“Welcome to the Shannix Hills.”  The copy said.  “You are royally welcomed here.”
And with that the copy strode beside them and gestured with a finger that they follow.
And they did.
And the Shannix Hills rolled on and on seemingly forever like the smaller coils of a snake blistering into stone.

Chapter Five 
The Ships of the Clouds are Mine
At the Coverned Place of Sleep

Xylem is a country all of sand, golden sand, and so when the arisai came there her feet sunk through the skin of the ground.  And the people there in their golden robes came round and the one who created them asked where she was.
And she was told, told to her by the scarlet-haired children of herself, “you were always here.  You never left the sand but once.  The sand created you.”  And the leonine god smiled at their lunacy but even so a tremor touched her heart to imagine perhaps she had not placed her foot upon the ground.
Perhaps the ground had risen up in anticipation of the god which the world itself had made.
And she was afraid just then.
As all creation sang.

I don’t know who I am anymore.
Kuty walked on as Kuty strode ahead of her.  Of course it was the arlgith but still.  It had known, sensed that she had this weapon, (how had she known?,) and now not only did it know but Cala knew as well.
Or maybe she thinks I was bluffing perhaps.  Yes, there it is, I can say I was bluffing.
But it knew.  It had strode back into her own shape when it realized she carried such a thing.  No, Cala would not assume it was a bluff.  And her skills at lying were rapidly dwindling out the longer she was separate along this path her mother did not intend.
It was to have been so simple.  A few questions only, a few days or seasons in their city, and then, and then the march west.  Could she perhaps go back?  Retrace her step?  Was it too late . . .?
“It’s always too late.”  The arlgith said.
“I beg your pardon?”  Cala asked.
Again here was something her mother did not intend.
“You spoke of your mother and her path.  Questions, thoughts of a walled city, but it is far too late now to retrace your steps, and why would you?  Are you not good company to yourself?”
“You’re reading my mind.”  Kuty said.
The arlgith turned.
“Or, nothing so crude as that.  I can’t know your thoughts exactly, it would have made one a rather poor weapon after all if they knew what their prey thought.  In the time before empathy was a quality few could afford.  But I am in your skin, have your shape, I can see your mother, how she must have appeared to you, a tall woman with long hair, like yours, delicate hands.  I see the path she laid out for you and so I know the path.  But no,” here the mirror image turned, “I can read your thoughts not at all.”
So I am still safe, Kuty realized, as the rolling hills passed by.  In her mind’s eye my mother is human.  Is that how I imagined her then?  Is that truly how I imagine myself, or was there a time when I was anything more?
“We have arrived.  Welcome to the heart of Moglum.”
“And what is Moglum?”  Cala asked.
“Moglum is my self, or,” the hills shuddered as countless rivers of flesh flowed down, coalescing about the three, “my self is part of Moglum.”
Of course, Cala understood.  It is a hive.
We have wandered into an ocean, a multitude of one.

Byrgirou could wait no more.  He prowled a time but grew weary of them and so began the hunt himself.  Great lithe muscles tore at the ground as he turned, first north than east, then west the river of iron-stone his only boundary sign, the only indication he had moved anywhere at all.  That and the Serpent Mountains far to the west and north.
I should have let them take the path they wished, he realized.  My last chance to draw the ring and I failed.  To draw an end of things.
“An end of what exactly?”  Donegal asked.
“Ah, my shadow again,” the lion said.  The red corin manticore paused upon the plains in the presence of his enemy.  In the presence of himself.  “And why have you come to plague me again?”
The black smear roiled and rolled and then curled upward taking an outline of another form.  The voice was Donegal’s of course, the same sibilant rhythm, same laughing tone, and had he not been known as the laughing one, the laughing god who rejoiced in his creation?  Others loved the act of making the grand but he had enjoyed each particle, each essence of the smallest gesture he had wrought.  A world?  What was that to him?  He marvelled at the building of the smallest bacterium.
Or he had at any rate.
“I thought you would like to know something my friend.”
“And what would you tell me?”
“The girl is no girl.  She is kyrarai.”
Byrgirou’s eyes widened.
“You lie,” he said rapidly, his whole breath caught short.
“And how, pray tell, could I lie to you?  Hide surely, certainly, but lie?  Never.”
“When did you know?”
“Her rooms they reeked of an older scent.  Her mother used flesh-engineering, you remember that, don’t you?  Yyaalis’ children were geniuses at that, and so she made her own offspring human, to escape detection.”
“Why do you tell me this?”
“Why do you seek the ring?”
“I seek the ring to purge myself of you, to ebb you into oblivion.  You are the only stain left, stain that prevent Ledhia’s creation, its perfection.  I heard slips and snippets of dying stories across corpse-worlds which have led me here, now, to end you, to begin a new creation.  All this of course I’ve hardly hidden from you.”
A talon flashed before the last god’s eyes.
“But you’ve hidden it from yourself!  Yes you wish destroy me and think the ring’s the prize.  Well let me help you achieve your end, which is of course my end, by laying bare the obvious clues.
“She is not human, she is kyrarai.  She is the last of her kind.  She’ll not turn to Bursania or Janderia, no she’ll go west, past the Serpent Mountains, past the Orsanal Plains.  Where is she going Byrgirou?  Where would the last of the old ones flee?”
“Not among the humans, no, nor the elves, nor the moselantja or the jalal . . . the dwarves at the world’s edge.”
“Why?”  The stained outline but almost purred the sound.
“They have ships, ways off world, ways that do not involve the use of gates.  It’s the only way she can possibly go, the only place she can flee too.”
“Precisely.  You’re hunting in the wrong corner of Candra.  Go west.  Go west in keeping with the others.”
“Others?”
“Well, I let slip a little clue to Baligostria as well.  The warden was so despondent, he and his kin.  He too is marching in seeking after her.  Tell me, if he gets to her what will happen, especially now that you have used the lion’s share of your strength?”
“He’ll kill her.”
“And I dare say an enraged warden might be . . . well, at this moment can you even fly?”
Glancing backward at his wings he knew that he could not.  Each day the strength ebbed from him.  Each day a subtle portion of him was gone.
He would dissolve like seafoam on a storm breeze and no one would even notice.  Once an arisai died, once the last of his kind died all thought of them would vanish from the universe.
Save as stories.
The only refuge they’d have left would be stories told by their creation in memory of themselves.
And so Byrgirou turned south, racing against the tide, while the iron-smooth stone cities raced behind him in his stead.
And all the time the shadow kept up with him and mocking laughter tinged the air, in dread.

“What would you want of us?”  Cala asked.
Moglum, the Moglum which was the girl had sat upon a smooth stone and was busily whittling pieces of herself.  She’d turned an extra arm into a spear, (does she suspect, does she know what the kyrarai even looked like, Kuty wondered to herself,) and now she was relaxing staring upward at a sky rapidly twilight tinged.
“You were to answer questions, I heard it along the path you were supposed to take.  So answer them.”
“I was to be asked about the city of my home, about my captor . . .”
“Not you Kuty, flesh of my flesh, I refer to your companion.  Questions were to be asked and you will answer them.”
“I beg your pardon, what have I to do with this?  The weapon drew you to save us, you are clearly interested in Kuty, besides if you want me to answer a question take my form, become me and you will know all that I have known and nothing more.”
Nothing more?  Kuty asked herself.
“But you are no ordinary being.  And I would not take the form of such as you.  Tell me, Cala, what do you know of us?”
“You are arlgith, created in the last days of the kyrarai’s hold of Candra, bred as their final shock-troops, born without compassion or pity, abandoned here to rot.”
“Ah, yes, all true, utterly true, and utterly false.”  The mirrored head jutted forward, the smile unsettling.  “Yes, yesss, we were made as weapons, and oh how much I recall, we recall of those times before, but all this we forget, choose forget.  When dawn arises at the earliest call, when the moons descend and are gone do you know what will happen of us?  We will vanish, I will vanish.  I will not have this form or shape but will descend with my kind, all I was obliterated so that another will take my place with her own perspective, with her own chance to remember or forget.”
“Why tell me this?”
“Kinship, one being to another.  I would ask the question, the question you fear, and you would answer,” a second Kuty appeared out of the sea of flesh, “her, privately, while I can speak with the girl who saw our last creator fall.  Go now, please.  You must answer truthfully, or else we’ll know the extent, the shape of your deception.”
“It’ll be alright.”  And Cala was gone around behind a hill and Kuty was alone with herself.  More or less.
“What question must she answer?”
“Not for you to know, last daughter of the storm-demon race.”
Kuty staggered a moment but hands reached out, all her own.  She was surrounded by several copies then laid by a nearby slope of rounded hill while the others fled away and only the first copy remained.
“How long have you known?”
“It is a wise parent who knows their child.  It is a wiser child who knows their parent.  And no, I spoke truly, I could not read your thoughts, but I smelt the weapon,” Kuty felt the sliver of metal behind her ear, “and despite what all others believe, what history claims such technology could only be wielded by kyrarai or those descended of the kyrarai.  Considering you lack wings, tail, heads, I must conclude your mother made you human but left just enough of the old beneath your bones to let you use something from the time before.”
“Will you tell Cala?”
“No, why would we?  Your kind gave us life, gave us existence.  Consider it a debt we owe to you and we will say no more.  But, I would see the weapon, if you don’t mind.”
She drew forth the small splinter and touched it with her thumb and as she did so she gave a small command, her muscles tightening, exerting the exact pressure needed for the weapon to activate.
Suddenly it extended outward, growing, thickening, rectangular plates emerging like crystal as in a moment two thick axe heads blossomed on either side.
“There.”  Kuty said.  “My mother gave me this in case there was ever need.  And do I have need, here?”
“As weapon no, nor proof.  I imagine you never even saw this before in its glory?”
“No.”
“Take a look then, last child.”
She placed the grey axe down and stared at it minutely then.  Each plate seamed carefully to the next like scales growing together, fused.  There were runic symbols carved to each face of the axe and there was a blue glow from the blade’s edge which became invisible the moment she turned to stare at the blade directly.
It was massive, the axe heads spanning beyond the width of her shoulders, the handle more than half the length of her body.
And yet it was light, painlessly easy to lift and she knew despite this the blade was sharp enough to cleave a stone to shards.
“It’s beautiful,” she said.
“Ancient weapon, seen by many.  By many seen last, last thing in their lives.  I can smell the blood of its victims, recall those former times.”
“You were there, or some part of you, tell me, truly, what was it like?”
“Death taken form.”  The arlgith said.  “In the last days so many had perished there were diseased carcasses, storm-demon, human, elf, our kind, half the world strewn of corpses then.  They, your people, had taken so much and lost so much, so much of themselves that when the final push happened, when the giants strode and tore them apart they fled and we did nothing to help them.  We fled too, knowing what we had done.”
“You spoke so well of being a weapon then.”
“We were, thousands of years ago, but now?  Now we have the hills and the night and the day and are content.  We have forgiven our past child.  Weapon or no we would not have killed you.”
“Then why, why the threat, why . . .?”
“Had I spoke as I did would you have revealed what you were?”
No.  I don’t suppose I would have, Kuty thought to herself.
“So what happens now?”  The young girl asked.
“Cala has answered her question, soon it will be too dark to travel.  Stay here and in the morrow my descendant will rise up, drop of flesh taken from an ocean of flesh, and lead you out.  But first, would you wish to know how you would have seemed?  Had you not been rendered human?”
Without action or speech the arlgith knew the answer well.
The mirror image suddenly changed.  Two thick arms ruptured from below where her own arms were as her upper arms thickened as well.  From each shoulder burst a head, at first human then the heads changed to those of a boar, bristling tusks rising as the middle head became that of a wolf.
Her feet collapsed to hooves, hooves and spindling legs so slender it seemed impossible they’d carry the weight as bat wings emerged and a scorpion’s tail blistered upward from the lower back, swaying to and fro above the heads. 
“This is what you would have been had you never been changed my child,” the copy of the storm-demon said.  And in a flash the form melted like rotted sand and even the echo of Kuty was gone.  Night had fast approached and the ocean of flesh had gone to sleep again as it had for uncounted centuries.
And Cala appeared and they were alone at last.
“So that is a kyrarai weapon?”  She asked.  “However did you get it to work?”
“I think there’s something you should know,” the last storm-demon said, as the oceans of flesh at last utterly melted away like ships skimming oblivion along the edges of the sky.














Chapter Six
The Corpse Gate 

Zanaan is a world of plains, or was.  There was a great endless plain and upon its shores were littered cities, circular hives of walls sweeping into the sky.  The kyrarai were born there.  They emerged from out the cities, out the earth fully formed, a billion years of remembrances condensed to an afternoon.
There were knights in those days, and they, the kyrarai were considered the defenders of their realm, honour-bound.  The word noble clung to them as to an ancient curse.
And all they were came crashing down when they opened the Corpse Gates and touched upon the Shadow Planet . . . 
As for Zanaan itself?  Does a world exist if there is no one there to view it, does a city recline upon a plain if no eye has gazed to it in all of uncounted years . . . ?

He was dreaming.  Byrgirou had reclined to the stones of the Serpent Mountains and sleep on rosy fingers claimed him then.  He hadn’t needed sleep before but as the crippling affliction cut more of him away more aspects of the creation clung to him.
He hadn’t needed to eat either, not til the time the others fled to death away.
In his dreams he stood upon Myr.  The blue-sand-oceans rolled about his feet and the dreamers there made merry sport of his wise words.  They spun their stories and these were caught along the edges of his ears then winnowed beneath his skin and so other worlds emerged outward from the place, crafted by the singers and the dreamers he had made.
They never knew a thing though, regarding this, or imagined a few strips of words could make or unmake anything.
Then the view distorted and he was standing upon Zanaan again.
Can a god dream of this, he wondered?  Dare a god dream of this?
The wind, last witness, answered him by cooling his scarlet fur in that other tormented place which might no longer exist, save in dreams.  And so he pretended the wind answered him and in the dream logic of his thoughts he slouched toward Kirogia waiting to be born.
The towers and the courtyards were all emptied now, emptied of quite everything.  Only his shadow remained.
“It is a beautiful day, would you not agree?”  Donegal asked, or rather the shadow used the young god’s voice.
“The land is emptied and of no place and dead.  I would not call it a beautiful day.”
The shadow became Donegal then.  Blue fur sprouted from black oil reclining on a stone and suddenly the mouth split open, pursing to be born, to become a smile.
“You died.”  Byrgirou said.  “And this is not your world.”
“Nor yours old-father and yet your thoughts they always linger here.”  A great paw swept outward toward the nothing of the plains beyond.  “This was where you lost your way, where all the others of us lost their way.  And you blamed her, and I, for the fall.”
Byrgirou turned from the form of his child and stared at the shimmering heat beyond awhile.
“I never blamed them for anything,” he lied.
“You did, and I exist because that blame is cancer-wise killing you old-father.  Just as it killed all of them.  And, sad to say, they wouldn’t have wanted you to mourn them like this. But you cling to it, you cling to this dead spot of ground.  Why?”
And he recalled and suddenly in the dream-ground uprose the forms of the kyrarai, the women with their twin-boar heads, the men with their twin wolf-faces and they made duels upon the sand, sailed the sky like ships of clouds, and suddenly they opened the doors between the worlds.
And suddenly one of them stumbled hearth-wise into Shadow.
Donegal had made the Shadow Planet after all.  It had no other name, a blackened ember about a star of night and upon the black continents were bacterium, small islands of life huddled in the black as Donegal wandered among them, laughing in pleasure at the songs of their birth.
But they were a lethal species, each granule of them capable of killing by touch.
And yet they held no malice in their souls.
A kyrarai came, one or more, and brushed against an isle of them upon a black-stone crag, and panicked the small beings sought to prove themselves no threat to these great giants.  By making themselves a part of what terrified them so.
A sentient plague in terror reached out and touched one of those unknowing, conquering giants, and when more appeared more were infected.  And before any of the arisai knew what had happened they had crossed the Corpse Gate and occupied Zanaan.
He could see them in the dream.  Small spheres of life, gelatinous with slender threads and blue and red eye-dots floating in the void.  And out into the light they panicked and they spread.
So Zanaan had to be sealed.  Of course the Shadow Planet itself should have been sealed had any been aware of it.  But how does one notice a shadow in a sea of night?  A simple accident brought the kyrarai to their midst and a furthered accident brought the plague to them.
Yyaalis, golden furred Yyyalis tried to stop the plague but the only way to do so was to kill the plague, a trillion beings dwelling in the continent of a body, a trillion beings whose only crime was trying to prove themselves harmless by causing harm instead.
Donegal, blue furred Donegal, tried also to stop the plague, revealing the harm, the mistake to all of them, letting them realize what they were doing, and in their grief they sought to be carried home.  To become extinct in the home-place of their birth.
Those kyrarai infected went but by then it was too late and had not a few kyrarai left the home-world their species too would have become seeped in oblivion.
Yyaalis watching her creation fall decided to end her existence with their own.  She created an echo of the plague, one capable of taking one of them, one of the arisai, a willing murderer now, a willing suicide.
Donegal too wished to die with his creation.  He created in himself something else; he turned his flesh to a shattering, shuddering sea of his children and in a billion guises failed and fell with them.
And so the arisai lost two of their children by the merest accident, by the creation of beings who should not have ever touched hands or flesh one to another.  And how had the Corpse Gate been opened anyway?  None could tell.  It was just an accident.  Just some god’s mistake.

“You blame them.”  The shadow said.
“They should have known better than this, done more.”  In his revery the kyrarai had dissolved and the plains were emptied again.  The plague returned to ghosts, all save the ghost of Donegal.
“And how could one prevent the act of creation since it was his nature to creature such beings as them, and Yyaalis’ intention never entered into thought, and the kyrarai were made by whim, by the passing shadow of a thought.  And how many countries did you create when a storyteller caught your eye, a chance word said, a chance song uttered into form?  Could you predict each path your thoughts would take or what worlds you’d chance to make before you had?”
“We’ll get it right next time.”  He said.
“Yes, Ledhia, your perfect child, your finest creation.  How long have you laboured on it, how long did any of them labour on it, slipping away their strength til there was nothing of them left?”
“We’ll get it right next time,” he said.
“They tried to set it right and failed and they accepted that.  Donegal did not die in rage or pain or shame.  He accepted his end, where his creation led.  Yyaalis as well.  And you tried afterward, you tried so hard when the kyrarai of Candra turned to not make another mistake that you didn’t interfere when they turned.  You told the arisai to let them be because you feared what action you’d take.  What you would have done to them.  All your thoughts you bent to this.”
Suddenly a planet came to view.  Blue and green and sloping valleys and perfect rivers and perfect seas.  But it wasn’t.  Here, here was a small stone out of place, there a single rivulet of water did not turn as he intended and Byrgirou scambled in his sleep to make it right, to make the empty world right which had no people in it.
“How does Ledhia differ from Zanaan if there are no people in it?”  The shadow asked.
“How can you make perfect your creation if there are none to see it with?”
And shuddering from his slumber he awoke.

The day had opened its mouth and the sun was shining then.  Golden tears, a rivulet of gold streamed into his eyes and Byrgirou tried to marvel at the thing, at the sun.  But he couldn’t, for the maker of the sun was gone and would not come again.
The Serpent Mountains loomed against his flank and he vaguely imagined climbing the sheer smooth peak but didn’t.  Instead all of thoughts of his he directed south, all save the shadow and the dream of fair Ledhia which nestled like a cancer to his breast.
And the shadow was now smiling as young Donegal once had.
“I’ll get it right next time,” the reluctant god said, to no one in particular.  To just himself.















Chapter Seven 
The Bird-Feathered Mask, 
The Woman Underneath It

Tirova is a place of stone-jungles petrified as amber.  And amid the grey branches, the vines hardened as the bones of ancient beasts, or gods, tiger-women slink in the undergrowth, beings of fur and claw made in likeness of their creator.
And yet none have ever seen the maker of their world or know their maker’s name.  So likewise their creator never even knew their creation’s name.  The only slender thread between them was the nature of uncertainty as the stone jungles never shifted once their form and they the only aspect of the world perfect in their ignorance.
And were the jungles given voice to speak whatever would they say?

Baligostria ran the fields in scorn at himself.  He had been deceived and by such a simple thing.  Kuty was the last storm-demon’s daughter.  Some portion of them had escaped.
He had failed.
Never in his entire life did he feel such anger now.  And buried in the center and heart of his rage he felt something else.
Finally he felt alive.
No more waiting.  No more standing upon a moment to come.  The evil had escaped and now he, the hero, had emerged and was leading an army to lay claim the monstrous thing.  The fields passed by without barely a whisper of a sound, or whimper, or, if they did he heard them not.
All that mattered was that the evil had escaped and he would bring the end of it, utterly.
Never had he ever felt so alive.

Kuty awoke to the sound of Cala snoring beside her.  The arlgith had retreated into the hills becoming as clay, but soon, within the first sixteenth day it would emerge, a new Moglum so like and unlike the old.
Cala awoke to the sound of Kuty staring at her.
Both opened eyes inches from the other’s face and then hurriedly rose and prepared for the long trek ahead.  Of course the words from the night before still hung in the air.  Cala knew.  Cala knew what Kuty really was.
Why had I told her this?  She asked herself.  What have I done?
They turned west now and soon had exited out of the hills and came upon the southern shore.  Hard to imagine how quickly time passes when everything one wishes to say is on one’s lips, unwilling to be born.
The hills became mirage the moment they passed out of them and now the rocky shore was their dominion now.
She is kyrarai, Cala thought.  Her body is human but she was born from them, their essence in her.  I am standing before the most hated being in all the world, and I do not hate her.
But what is it I feel?
She knows, Kuty thought.  I’ve told the one truth I was never supposed to tell and now I have no secrets left.  I have nothing left inside me my own.
I am not even myself anymore, because the woman I was would never have revealed such a thing.
Cala what have you done to me?
“We should hurry.”  Cala said simply.
“I’m sorry.”  Kuty replied.
They were standing upon the cliff-shore and all the words of last night haunted them, Cala’s first-curse at her, her attempt at reconciliation, the arlgith slithering away, pale copy of herself last seen blending into the earth beyond, the long slow recall of a hated mythology, realizing Kuty if discovered would be killed.  And Cala did not want the young woman to die.
And those were the last words she said to Kuty and then exhaustion took them and they wound up inches from each other’s face.  Or closer.  Or ever so far away.
And yet there was so much more to say.
“What are you sorry for?”  Cala asked.
“What am I sorry for?  I’m sorry for telling you, I’m sorry for you hating me, I’m sorry for you doing all this for me.  It wasn’t supposed to be this way.  Why ever did you even come to Calranus?  I had a plan, she had a plan for me, and it’s all ruined now and I don’t want to see your eyes looking at me with hate or scorn.”
“Is that how my eyes look to you?”
And Kuty looked and saw no scorn was there.
“What have you done to me!?”
And Cala went to the earth between where she and Kuty stood and sat cross-legged, staring southward at the sun.
“Sit.”  She said.
Kuty did.
Cala didn’t look at Kuty then.  She was staring at the blistering golden sun.
“How much of what you said was true and how much false?”  Cala asked, still not staring at the girl.
“All I said last night was true.”
“And before, when we were in the wardens’ company?”
“True, mostly true, save my origins.”
“Whatever am I going to do with you?”  The scholar asked.  “No, no that isn’t the question, never was.”  She finally turned to look at the girl.  “What are you going to do for yourself?”
“I don’t understand.”
“Knowing what I know I could end you here unless the arlgith have slithered out to stop me, though I think not, and did they know, did they suspect?”
“She knew, they knew almost instantly.”
“Of course, the wise child knows its parent well.  I might have guessed.  But that’s not the issue here.  The issue is this; what are you going to do Kuty?  What are you going to do for yourself now?”
“Doesn’t that depend on you?  On your goodwill?”
“No it does not because my goodwill hasn’t changed in the least.  If you want we can still go west, avoid the wardens, reach the Orsanal Plains, or beyond perhaps.  What was your mother’s plan?”
“To go west after escaping the wardens, if I could escape their grasp, and then eventually head north . . .”
“To the dwarves.”
“Yes.  A human going off-world would elicit no surprise from them.”
“Why leave at all?”
“My mother felt the last of us should seek the stars, should wander as far as possible from our former captivity believing any place was better than the life which we had known.”
“And she couldn’t do it herself because the wardens knew how many of your kind were alive on Kyos.”
“Exactly.  That was the plan my mother instructed me.”
“Well what do you want for yourself?”
“I don’t know.  Why do you care, knowing what I am?”
“Because I love you you idiot that’s why.”  She wanted to say.  She wanted to say that the strange girl with the oddly dark haunted eyes had put something inside in her soul, some sliver of remembrance, something the others long ago had lost.  If two elf-lovers had driven east, had come to this crag and one of them found themselves injured, hurt, near to death the other would have blandly comforted them, waited for the end and when the end came left the body to rot and then moved on again.
There was no malice in this.  But there was not even a wistful sense of mourning for the dead either.  Once gone did it matter to any of them?
But from the moment, the first moment she had seen Kuty some stirring had begun in her, something inarticulate, unfocussed, unformed.  Was it lust, some longing after?  How could something as stupidly simple as walking bring one to such a thought?  And then the night before, her words, her reveal and Cala could not drive that thought away.
And then imagining the others like herself and if one of them had met Kuty, had any of the others come here, had they known who she was they would have killed her without a second’s thought and never concerned themselves with any emotion less then they would have felt for their own flesh and kin.  And why?
They wouldn’t have been able to answer adequately, their own logic inarticulate, unfocussed and unformed.
She was an enemy?  None of them recalled the times before.  She was a danger?  A being rendered human on Candra a danger?  Ah, she had a weapon of the former times, some cursed object, some damnable thing!
Curses didn’t exist and Cala was more lethal with her blades than Kuty she suspected.  Before that night the girl had probably never even used the weapon once.
And more importantly the question rang in her head if Kuty were somehow injured she couldn’t pull away or leave the girl behind.
And yet what she said was “I don’t know.  I’ve grown accustomed to your face I guess.”
“I thought it was something like that,” Kuty replied.
And the two sat staring at the sun as it continued to rise.
“I don’t know what I want,” Kuty said quietly at last, “no one has ever asked me that before.”
“Well I’m asking you, what do you want?”
“I want go as away from Kyos as I can.”  She turned to Cala at last.  “I want to see the lands long denied me.  And maybe, just maybe after I’ve seen them then I will turn north and finally fulfil my mother’s wishes.  Not before.”
“Alright then,” Cala stood up, “then we head west as before but immediately not to the dwarves.  I knew a few paths seldom used, a few places most will not go.  Places hard to find unless one knows to look for them.”
And so the pair continued west but no longer journeying to where their intentions had began.

Baligostria had reached the Shannix Hills with the others.  He had run all day and all night.  The wardens never slept, never dreamed.  They could labour as long as they wished, their flesh renewing itself by drawing strength from sun and earth.
“They have come here.”  He said.  A form, pale and luminescent appeared before them then, slithering from the hills and taking the form of the strange girl.
“Hello.”  The form said.  In noticing the giants and their size the form grew, towering til it was eye to eye with him and he the tallest of the giant-kind.
“Arlgith,” Baligostria said, “I would have words with you.”
The girl paled flesh smiled then.
“You seek the daughter of the last storm-demon then?”
“You knew what she was?”
“Hard to conceal such truths from us.”
“You let her pass?”
“You let her pass first oh warden of the norther lands, surely if you vouched for her innocence how could weapons crafted to destroy know better?”
“Do not mock me . . .”
A hand was raised.
“I mock none.  I merely observe.  Curious you have come this far this fast, she is so important to you then?”
“She is the last.”
“No she is not.”  Moglum turned her back to the giant and stared upward at the day-bright stars only she could see.  “She is hardly the last of her kind.”
“There are others, there?”  He gazed upward too.
“Of course not, all their kind is dead, and in truth her kind is dead as well.  I touched for a moment each sinew of her being oh warden, saw beneath her flesh.  Nothing kyrarai is there, no trace beyond the merest fragment of her mother or her origins.  She is human, and little else.
“You are seeking a ghost for no reason king of the north.”
At the title Baligostria rankled subtly.
“Do not use such titles with me.”
“Of course not, meant no offense, only the storm-demons used titles as that.”  The arlgith turned to him then.  “But they are dead warden.  All dead.  Tell me, however did you know the truth so far removed from the girl?”
“An arisai came to us and while speaking his talon winnowed in the stone and revealed the words, the truth to us after she had fled.”
“And you believed him then?”
“I had no reason to disbelieve, and surely none now, knowing it is the truth.”
“And the arisai did not speak these words but wrote them down instead?”
“He did.”
Curiouser and curiouser, the arlgith thought to herself.
“What was the god’s name?”
“Byrgirou.”
“I seeeee.”  Suddenly the words slid backward in her now formed throat, suddenly they took on a semblance of a flesh awhile.  “Well if I were you I’d return the way you came, the girl is gone, where we do not know and Cala is with her, as she should be.”
“What has she to do with this?”
“Haven’t you figured that out?  Ah yes of course, you are grown not born and though you travel together when die you die alone.  Barely remembered by one another.  So unlike those two now.  I had forgotten.”  The arlgith turned and strode away, growing smaller with every step.  “You are being manipulated warden, some arcane truth is bending you to its will.  I know not why nor care but know this, the arisai cannot be trusted.  When given the chance to stop our masters’ will they refrained.”
The girl turned back, now the same size as Kuty.
“Do not walk the path they tread upon, drawing you with them in their wake.”
And then she dissolved as sea foam might, blending into the grey, grey hills.  And was gone.
“How shall we proceed?”  A giant asked.  One whose name he had forgotten somehow.
And for a moment Baligostria pondered going back.  Surely the weapon was right.  The arlgith had little reason to lie, none in fact.  He doubted he could kill it and his hands had slaughtered beasts which burnt asunder half the world in dread.  She could have told him anything, pretended Kuty was here, dared a confrontation, challenged him with tendrils and with thread strong enough to slice head from throat.
Instead she answered that they had gone meaning they were now no longer under the arlgith’s protection and had made no move for or against the warden.  Save the words of warning.  The well-spoken words.
Could be a deception but he knew truth when he tasted it, in the mouths of his enemies.
They could return home.
And yet.
If he returned, if they returned what would they return too?  
Home to the northern lands tending endless fields with only the ghosts of past glories to claim, telling those who came after the splendour of keeping watch an ugly piece of stone cast in a black sea while their quarry dwindled and wailed and railed against the injustice of themselves until none of them were left.
And he did not know if the dwindling parties were the storm-demons or the wardens now.
In a generation after this his life would be an utter anachronism, a backward bent piece of machinery ill-suited for the following age.  And none would remember his name or the names of his companions.  He did not even know his predecessor’s name two generations back.  Only that he had defended all the world from the encroaching, all consuming, withered, frail and impotent enemy.
There was no going back.  Time was no longer the protector of Candra but the symptom of the end for all of them.
There was no going back until this last shred of his enemy was safely dead.
“We pursue until we catch the last storm-demon.”  He said.
And yet his feet he thundered westward going slow.
And the others they all followed him the same.  Slowly, oh so slowly leading to where salvation lay.

Along the southern edges where the ocean howled a scattering of wild cacophonies Kuty noticed something pricking from the earth.  She picked it up to find a mask, golden and ornate with small tendrils radiating from the edges of the face.
Cala idly watched her put it on, watching those human features dissolve beneath the avian features of some other thing, so like a raven or an eagle, the hooked beak half-given the nature of a human’s skin.
“Whatever is this?”  Kuty asked, taking it off and handing it to the elf.
“It is the mask of the tahlregn.  It shows a creature of myth, a terrifying monster which half the time took a form like them.”
“I never heard of the tahlregn before.”
“They emerged during the times of war after your people were driven from the land.  Briefly they seemed poised to conquer all.”
“What happened to them?”
“In their terror of things like this, creatures which never were they turned on themselves, mother against father and brother against both until in a generation they were dead.”
“Because they feared something which didn’t exist?”
“No,” Cala put the mask away in a small pouch on her left side, “because they knew what they were inside and couldn’t live to face it.  The beasts they imagined without were simply the reflections of what they were within.”
Damn I sound like fool poet, Cala thought.  But she knew nothing else about them and nothing else was left.  Beyond their own fears and terrors they were gone as utterly as the traces of the wind on a windless summer day.
And Kuty nodded and then for a split-second imagined great thundering steps across the tundra and the fields searching the source of the echo which they caused.
In a moment her curiosity turned to pity and she ran with the elf again heading west as all the time the thunder out of the east the louder went.






Chapter Eight
Mistress of the Long Knives 
of Which I’m One

Dhalthran is a land of long grasses where the Harvest-Men dwell forever running from edge to edge of the sacred ground.  Grey-green bodies insect-like rise up and scatter in all direction, seeking, what do they seek?  What do they look for where all the grasses look alike, where all the clouds have the same grey continents of rain?
If asked what would they answer as they seek the ground?
What do any answer when the proof of their lives are found?

The plains became desert but Kuty didn’t notice when.  One footfall was the soft thud of earth and the next her foot passed cleanly into an ocean all of dust.
“We approach Shuaz and Setuka,” Cala said.  “Beyond Shuaz we’ll find the Road Between.”
“The road between what?”
“Just follow and you’ll know.”  Cala said.
And she did, as her footfalls kept rupturing into the sand below.

After a sixteenth day the pair had wandered to the city of Shuaz.  At first Kuty imagined it was like the wardens’ city, like Bursania or Janderia but the closer she came the further from her first convictions her new thoughts led.
For though there were walls these were not smoothed but spined, jutting barbs of stones clutching into the red-gold burnt smooth walls.
Gates were positioned every few hundred steps, arched gates bordered on each side by scoira, naked to the waist, their scorpion tails whispering forward and back behind them.
Four arms were crossed before their chests and their hairless heads impassively stared with utterly blue eyes out upon the dust seas they claimed home.
“Follow my lead,” Cala said, and so the pair of them strode forward, heads bent staring at the ground, moving toward the nearest gate as a throng of other scoira moved forward and back along the self-same smooth walk the pair walked upon.
Kuty wondered why they would be going into the city and then glanced out upon the sands about.  And saw them.  Small spherical bodies winnowed from dune to dune, their own tails waving swiftly in the air.  Her mother had mentioned them once.  The scorpion-dogs, the unsleeping guardians of the scoira lands.  
On six spindly legs the creatures shimmered, legs which emerged from the sides while a long large blue eyes took in everything at a glance.  The creatures were utterly armoured, bands of protective scales like the shells of some ammonite curled upon them, sixteen bands emerging from the spots where their legs began, ending at the other edge of their sphere-like forms as if they were curled tight into some ball and were they unwrapped a larger monstrosity would emerge.
One prick from a beast’s tail would have enough venom to end the pair of them.  And a hundred others as easily as herself.
Moving through the city was the only safe path for them.
As the gate loomed she wondered if the venom strong enough to end a warden or a few.  But she’d never know considering the wardens were not following them.
A scoira strode to the pair, his skin as bronzed-stone.
“Where have you come from Cala?”  He asked.
“From going to and fro thru all the world Thejmei.  And you?  How fares the children of your home?”
A toothless slit of a mouth widened.  A smile?  Kuty wondered, but it was impossible to tell.
“They are well.  Soon shall come the time of feasting and I prepare.”
Then Cala did something extraordinary.  Her face had been to the ground this time, as had all others in pilgrimage to the city when suddenly she raised it and placed her forehead against the scoira’s own.
It was an oddly touching gesture, as if an article of farewell.
“When will this happen?”  She asked.
“Tonight.  Tomorrow Tzyareira will take my place I fear.  I suspect she is not as skilled at the labour as I have been.”
“Give her time.”  Cala said, an odd tenderness in the voice.  Then the scoira moved to Kuty’s own face, staring at her as her eyes were caught halfway between the doors and ground.
“Who is she?”  He asked.
“She is Kuty Hugut of the norther lands.  She was imprisoned by the last of the kyrarai but gained her independence at the monster’s death.”
“You were upon Kyos?”
“Aye, I was.”
A flicker of movement crossed the almost impassive features and for a moment Kuty was struck by a thought.  She recalled once seeing a small grey tick her mother removed from her own human skin, a writhing gesture of limbs impotent and terrified yet alien.
This same sensation Kuty glimpsed here.
“You are welcomed in the city of Shuaz but do not mention the kyrarai.  Ever.”  He said.
“A simple point of truth,” Cala replied, “for would you have me lie to the guardians of the city?  But as you know why have I cause to tell another?  And after tonight?  We leave in the morning at the first sixteenth day.”
“Be you well then.  Come to me during the time I have prepared for.”
“I will stand by your side.  Be brave.”
And the pair entered into the city then.

It was unlike anything Kuty had imagined.
On Kyos the city was a black ziggurat of interlocking pieces, a subtle mechanistic perfection to the original idea of a city if not the result after so many centuries.
But here?
Roads scattered in all direction like ragged beasts, loping one way, turning the next, buildings placed in all location, in all forms.  Some seemed towers but the towers were built of individual tiers and most of those tiers were laid off center one to another.  A tower of twenty tiers could have one floor veer to the right, the next to the left, a third to the north, a fourth to the south creating not a straight smooth skin but the vertical pattern of slowly rising and lowering hills.
And the towers were logical beside the other things.
Some buildings twisted.  Once they had been cubes but somehow the walls curled outward and about becoming partially like a dome.  However at a certain moment the walls relented and became a cube again, as if . . . as if the whole of the city were breathing and these were but the outward expressions of a breath.
“She feels us here.”  Cala said, moving between great crowds of scoira, bronze-stone-skinned.
And Kuty followed.
They came to a circular length of road which simply coiled upon itself, the stones growing smaller and smaller til they vanished to a nonexistent point like the curling of some mollusk upon itself.
“We’ll stop here.”  Cala said and sat upon the center of the path.
“But there’s nothing here . . .” 
And then the walls started to grow.  In a moment bronze-grey stone blistered upward in all directions save the path which they had come from and as they did so the crowds moved asunder out of the small circle twenty steps by twenty.
In another moment the walls closed upward and the building was complete.
And then Cala laid back but not before handing Kuty a length of cloth in her pouch.  It was white and long and she indicated the door.  And as she did so a small hook grew from the top of the doorframe.  Kuty placed the cloth there, letting it drip to the ground, a waterfall of grey shielding them from the hot sun beyond.
“Time to sleep.”  Cala said.
“Sleep?  Why?”
“Because we have to be awake when Thejmei needs me, and he won’t need me for many hours yet.”
“Might I explore the city while you sleep?”
“No.  Let me repeat that.  No.  If you value your life you will stay here, get some rest and wait.  The scoira’s venom is not as strong as their pets but they will fight to the death if insulted and it can be easy to antagonize them.  These shelters are made for beings like us, made by the city herself to prevent misunderstandings.”
“The city herself?”
“Shuaz is not a city’s name.  Shuaz is the name of the being whose flesh mimics stone.  It is at her pleasure we are welcomed and is at her displeasure we are taken off this earth’s smooth skin.”  Cala shut her eyes and let her body relax as the ground suddenly softened.  “As long as you don’t act rashly no harm befalls you here.”
And Kuty, for a moment imagined leaving while Cala slept, imagined moving out amid the crowds, learning all she could, but then . . . quietly she went to where Cala rested, laid beside her and turned her face to that of her friend.
And a smooth door slid upward sealing them in while a small hole opened in the side of the dome and a cool desert wind slipped in.
They slept.

Baligostria turned south.  He strode by the hills, their rolling flesh to his left, and the others walked with him, but he noticed a few looked back.  Wafradne and Masyrbavel, Jugnrel and Aalra continued to turn northward the more south they went.
Hydraxaspe strode by him fearlessly though as did Algarda and Zutreiya.  When the southern sea pricked its senses to his eyes he noticed the scent of human and elf and the few worm-sign steps of the pair of them heading west.
“We have followed them faithfully and now the path is clear.”  Their leader said.
Wafradne however was gazing at the sea and the sun which had climbed higher, climbed from south to north.
“I had forgotten the feel of this sea.”  The giant said.  “I had forgotten the sun hot on my face.  How long had I stood but waiting for the end?”
“The storm-demon turns west and so shall we!”  Baligostria said.  But of his party four were not noticing the steps.
Hoary frost-green hair uncurled outward becoming like a summer’s meandering day as the dull of their skin fuller into life they became.
The sun.  Bursania of course felt the sun but Kyos was bereft.  It was a grey bronze-stone twilight upon the shore and the bracken of ancient reeds was as a paled echo compared to the full rose-flesh of the golden sun.
It was as if all summer poured herself full-bodied down upon the thoughts of them, and they in savouring her truly became themselves at last.
Or most of them at least.
“What are you waiting for?!  She escapes!”
Zutreiya gazed at the four and then at Baligostria.  Hydraxaspe stood beside his liege of course, (one would never use such an ugly word as king but liege was fine in the thoughts of each of them,) and Algarda was prepared to continue the trek, Algarda who had the glory of knowing he killed a storm-demon in his prime and now had nothing else to show for his great deed than the chance to cross earth and water to kill a thing less powerful than glory’s own foul sting.
The others were young though.
The others were young.
They had not spent years piled to years in the service of defence.  They had not had need to cross their thoughts to amber, to make the isle of Kyos their everything.  Gone was the pure service of old since so few of the enemy were left.  Some, yes, some he suspected would not even consider their final service the apogee of their lives but seek and find something else worthwhile.
Like standing upon the southern shore as the tide of light upon them came in.
And afterward they would continue to have lives, while Baligostria, what fate was his?
The leader, liege, of the wardens gripped the shoulders of the wayfarer and shook him, then seeing the uselessness of this he turned staring full-faced at Zutreiya himself.
“And will you abandon the sacred too?”  He asked.
The sacred?  What was sacred about housing a dying race whose only crime had been their births to past monsters they knew no more of than his own kind knew theirs?
The sacred?
The sun beat down upon him and he finally relaxed.  The great tension of his bones gave way and he sat cross-legged staring upward at the sun.
“I have had enough.”  The giant said.  “You heard the arlgith.  The storm-demons are dead.  Only daughter left of them is not even forged of their own body anymore.  The red-lion throne is empty Baligostria and none will ever fill it.  The last tyrant of their kind is dead and she was no more a tyrant than you are now.  I am spent.”
And small tendrils shook off his body and for a moment he fed into the deep earth, vaguely noticing the pools of scent where the elf’s form must have been, little knowing he sat exactly where she had.
Hydraxaspe stared at the five of them.  Of course there were still a few along the edges of the northern shore, even a few in Kyos now.  But at her death the ebbing had begun.
And yet?
What was left to do that had not been done?  She was out there and she was the fulfilment of a task, of a promise.
There was nothing more for him than that.
“Come Baligostria,” he said, “leave them and let your loyal service to our people be rewarded.  We will find the last storm-demon and bring her to her death.”
Later when the sun had descended to the other side of the soil the giants stirred.  Five massive frames rose upward and for moment they recalled the words.  “None more shall sit upon the red-lion throne.”  True.  The last scrap of power, last vestige of their authority, the great scarlet throne with the two lions carved to either side of it was emptied and could now never be filled.
And yet for a moment a stirring came to them, a thought of Baligostria trying to fill it himself.  Or worse trying to force the ill-fitting form of the girl upon the symbol of their dread.
And then they all uprose and wandered home instead.

“Do you need anything?”
Byrgirou stood in the great gallery of the dwarves.  Silver adorned the halls and the thick-bodied being had come before him, clean shaven, his clothes a testament to their skill.  In the void, if anything erred in a flash the green metallic clothing would swell, a clear-helm would grow to shield their faces from the abyss and air would pump into them, air produced by the cloth itself, the living skin they used when they crossed the corridors from planet to planet.
“Thank you, no.”
Byrgirou sat upon a dais beside a throne.  It was old, ancient in fact, remnant of something made long before.  Yet it was not kyrarai.  Xi perhaps?  Tiger-folk?  It hardly mattered now.
The other side of the throne revealed a human statue kneeling in sympathy away from the lord or king who once had sat upon the grey stone world which was its own.  He of course took the other place as if he were a human, some blunt beast like them.
And all the time he kept thinking about the woman somewhere scattered in the world, and the ring, and her companion and the long knives which she bore.  As if she could have claws.  So very like a god.
And the black oil-smear shifted its weight from sitting upon the throne and Byrgirou caught it staring at him so very like he was a child, waiting to be scorned.
And after a few moments the reluctant god drifted to sleep away.

She awoke.
It was night and Cala awoke and Kuty awoke too and quickly they rose, she drew forth a few blades and the doors uncurled backward and without speaking she raced to the place of the feast.
And he was there.
She had come in time to watch Thejmei and she went down to where he stood in the great circular maw of the opened chamber, placed her forehead against his own, handed him a blade or two and then retreated to the edge as Kuty watched him take the blade, stare at the stars and howl.
He was waiting to die.
Waiting for his children to be born.
































Chapter Nine
No Matter How Close to Death You Come
You Can Always Come Closer Still
 	
Dauann is an endless sea of grass and circling above a vulture sails, lone ship cast against the tides of air while all the grass below silently sings, whispering nothing to no one in all the silent country of itself.
And still the vulture sails and still she will not rest for she is death and death is all unfed in the country without the memory of death.

Thejmei had come to the end of his long journey.
He had been born, awakening to consciousness upon the land, his belly full, his eyes widening in the dimming nothing of the night.
Then his purpose was assured.  He knew himself, what he was and did, he felt the hot skin of his body blister and in a moment it was daylight and in another night and he was shown the gate and his place in it utterly set.
Where his mother had stood before and her father before her.
Then the long wait.
Then he had noticed her.
She had strode to the gate and she was fair and full of life and their long courtship seemed to take forever, he sliding after her, he following her swaying poisoned steps, and a night of endless passion and then the slow recall and a clutch of eggs.
And now he was here and soon another would take his place, his daughter most likely.
And he drew up the blade as the clutch of eggs blistered from the stony ground and rupturing their bodies suddenly twenty small forms assailed him and his last thought was of Cala who had watched him grow from infant into father.
And he was devoured by his children while the body of their mother lay preserved in the catacomb chambers of the city’s lungs below.
And he died content in his great purpose, satisfied in his long life.  He was only four days old.



































Chapter Ten
And I Will Lie Upon the Platform of
The Bones and Know Not Rest

Zyme is a grey smooth field occupied only by twenty souls, or less.  And each of them dwells in a city of their own, a spider-legged city thick-bodied crossing the smooth field so that one never knows if they had stepped at all or lingered in one place for all of time or dwell amid the medusa strands of their own delusioned state.
For each imagines the entire world is theirs and they are alone nor can recall the time before when each city was filled of endless strands of life and they were but the youngest born, and now the only things that are lingering left.
Twenty souls or less.  And the world grows wider in its emptiness every single day.

Kuty had stood motionless until long after the feast were concluded.  Small ravenous maws had torn the man apart and yet the knives he held hang uselessly at his sides.  Later, much later she explained the truth to Kuty, how such forms of life began.
Some scoira Cala explained lived as long as humans, longer in fact, while others only dwelled the ground a short time, a very short time indeed.  And to satiate the needs of their children they became the first taste of food, first step of the chain of being, last link to all those who came before and all those who would come after.
And his daughter would take up the challenge of the gate, stand watch and wait, seek a lover, brood a family and in their birth she’d cease.  But never truly cease.
Such was the way of things.
And at daybreak Kuty sputtered into sleep, her dream interrupted by the fearful glances of her mother disapproving everything upon the city of the end as she was devoured by a warden in Kuty’s sleep.
And all the time a fretful thundering she felt, familiar as the feel of her own heartbeat, or less.

Cala introduced herself to the children of her friend.
She moved among them as they grew, her eye focussed upon Tzyareira whom Thejmei knew would take his place at the proper gate.  It was an unconscious knowledge not easily arrived at.
He could not simply point and say this child would become this, that another path would take.  And yet in unconscious moments he’d suspect, say this child to his former state she’d grow to, but, if wrong what did it matter?
He would not be there to see it anyway.
And if right what did it matter?
He would not be there to see it anyway.
He could have been wrong about her of course.  So Cala watched her a moment as the sun came up to see if in her glance or grace or gait she’d seem some former aspect of her friend.
She did.  And as the sun uprose she guessed her friend was right.
After a day the child would be the new watcher of the gate.  But she would have so much left to learn before her own death her life was claimed.
Later she returned to the dome where Kuty slept.
She could have slept, inched herself beside the girl but some unconscious thought held back her hopes awhile.
There was a thunder-rumbling coming out of the east.
It was subtle but she was sure.
The wardens, or at least some of their number, were coming to meet the last trace of their quarry last.  She idly wondered if it was rage the wardens felt or pleasure to not be denied the end of their purpose yet.
She roused Kuty and soon the pair of them were fleeing the edges of Shuaz, heading south-west toward Setuka.

En route a question plagued Kuty, something nestled from her sleep she couldn’t shake.
She rose up her eyes to Cala leading the way and spoke at last.
“Why don’t you weep for him?”
“Weep?”  Cala asked.
In her dreams she felt tears and in waking some word caught wickedly in her throat.  Perhaps some trace of a human feeling she only finally first understood or stooped to know.
“Why don’t you mourn the man?”
“Do you think I should?”  She asked.  
Far in the distance the hoary head of a hook-nosed giant came to view, clouds obscuring their features on the wind.  She did not envy them for they were striding into the landmine of barbs and spines.
“Yes.”  Kuty said finally as she ran.  “I think you should, and don’t, and I would know the reason why.”
She’s right I guess but how do I prove it so?  A word caught wickedly in Cala’s throat as well, some tumourous logic which she tried to tell the girl.
“He lived his life and did his duty well.  He married, he fathered children, he loved.  What more is life than this?”  And how would you know?  She wondered to herself.
“Will you miss him now he’s gone?”  Kuty asked.  Had she missed her mother?  Not at first but the longer she stayed beyond the walls of her home, the walls of water the sooner she began to understand there was more to life than striving just to live.  But she couldn’t say why.
Perhaps why didn’t matter yet.
“Of course I’ll miss him . . .” but the sentence she couldn’t end.  She had met him as an infant and in a day watched him live.  Then she had come to Calranus . . . he had lived as long as her relationship with Kuty began.  He had lived as long as she had known the girl and yet had he died at the hands of the wardens would she weep for him, or mourn?
But for Kuty what would she not do?  And why?
She couldn’t answer yet.
Perhaps why didn’t matter yet.
Could she answer the question though in another four days, or less?  Or would she linger in this no man’s land, her words indecisive while all her actions and intents bluntly told the very earth the thoughts she couldn’t speak.  
It was an unconscious knowledge not easily arrived at.
“ . . . just like I’d miss you.”  She said finally, finishing the thought the best she could.
And all the time the rumble-thunder of war-drum footsteps thundered their intent.

Baligostria felt the pin-prick of fire and gazed down to see the scorpion-dog at play though it was only play to him.  The three wardens stumbled into the fire as a river of acid poured upward through their legs.  And with a thought like a toss of amber he crumpled them with his footfall and burst bodies stained the ground.
And the scoira came, came and amassed before them, wondering at the sacrilege.
“I seek the girl Kuty and the elf Cala,” the warden said, the pain pricking at his feet like a serpent’s venom crushed against his heel.
“They have left,” a female scoira said, “but it matters not.  The wardens have no business this far west.  Return to your own land and leave our kin in peace.  Or would there be war?”  She asked.
At the word the warden relented.
Once, after the storm-demons fled there had been war, a century or more of conflict, until some fool fled south and touched the land of Lrruisa.  Then the xi reacted and sped a fleet of ships of light and nightmare, fire and rain and storm and thunder and shimmering heat athwart a terror and the wars ceased utterly.
And the message was clear after that.  The xi had not been conquered, not by storm-demon nor anything, and they wished to be at peace, and had been quite content, until they were disturbed.  And war, if it disturbed the xi in any way, would not be tolerated.
The storm-demons conquered.  But the xi might leave nothing left.
“No,” Baligostria sputtered, “I seek no war with you but the girl is dangerous.  She is the last of the storm-demons.  Grant us passage I beg.”
“You might have asked.  If she is dangerous we would have given you safe passage.  You should have asked.”  A click of her tongue against the chiton of her lips and the pricking ceased and the wardens wandered through but gazing down they saw the disapproving scorn of countless eyes locked at them.
And knowing he had killed their companions a shame caught wickedly inside him.  Inside them.  For the scorpion-dogs had been doing their job defending, as any warden would.
And a haunting thought came to him the venom he felt would not kill him but after Kuty’s death the grief of his actions would.
And the scoira clustered the ruined bodies of their companions to them and wept at the loss of them, utterly and without a hint of restraint.  And the waters of their tears the dust seas felt.

They had to find safe harbour soon.
Setuka would not do.  But Setuka was not their destination now.  They had come to the Road Between.  The Serpent Mountains dipped closest at this point, the dividing barrier between the western and eastern lands interrupted by a plain which ran between mountain and desert where Setuka was located, but also the Road Between.
And if they headed against the mountain they’d find the Cyas Caves.

Baligostria strode forward but the venom was slowing him.  Foolish.  He could have thrown his voice out against the walls and revealed his intentions.  They would have listened if it involved the storm-demons.
But though they let him pass, them pass they made no action of aid either.  Their thoughts they’d turned now toward the dead and not even the threat of the ancient enemy would sway their hand.
They were in mourning now and their great duty to defend had ended.
He glanced back to see the guards made pyres of ruptured bodies, ritually mourning each life he had foolishly squandered to no end.  And though they wished the storm-demon dead nothing would prevent them from finishing the likes of him when his great task was done.
The scoira had led all other races in vanquishing the storm-demons.  Did three wardens really stand a chance against such latent force, such blunt potential left to swell and swelter waiting for an outlet as that?
Fresh wounds of grief each felt and he imagined the grief’s wound would spread outward as a cancerous web, a black decayed infection heading in all direction, but especially heading toward Setuka.
In sympathy those of the sister city would grieve and sharpened on that empathetic grief they might not care why the giants intruded.  They would defend and they would not linger or wait for explanation.
He knew they would avenge, those of Setuka, if but to prove their love to their sister city’s kin.
He turned his feet toward the Serpent Mountains and the others followed in his stead, away from the likes of them, righteous in their fury, which would not long end.

They reached the Cyas Caves and the great black maws beckoned them and Cala turned back to see, to see the giants heading toward them now.  Did they know which way they would go?
She could not understand.
Perhaps it didn’t matter now.
The pair rushed into the caverns as they would not ever rest again, as if in the deep below they’d finally find peace.

Baligostria strode toward the walls of upraised stone to see a platform had been raised.  Strange, it seemed an odd place for such a thing.
A body lay upon it, upon this raft of wood in a sea of air and gazing down he realized it was a body, dead.
The platform was to his waist and bending down a moment he couldn’t understand then realized it was a ritual for the dead.  Ah yes, those of Setuka sometimes did this, laying prized members of their community suspended between sky and ground in memorial to them.
He carefully moved about it as did the other wardens without quite knowing why, and continued their pursuit of the pair of them.



























Chapter Eleven 
Rendered All to Larkspur 
and To Shadow

Myr is a world of sand, all azure stained, as is the sky.  It is a shade of dark oceanic shimmering only distinguishable because the hues lessen or expand, reveal a darker shade of a circular city surrounded by blunt round walls or a lesser shade of the sky where bone-winged ainyr wheel forever, small twig-thin children of the storm who laugh and sail and rail against the terrors others feel in their being born.
And the dreamers of Myr ascend to the black lotus gardens of M’tar to dream, to tell their ancient stories and long-held half- forgotten songs, in M’tar and Baigi and Xaisjuestria and Mair-Vaisoqtreuia, each syllable a sign of the ornateness of their sleep.
And once Byrgirou walked among them marvelling at his invention, imagining if but for a moment he had created a perfect thing.

“But you haven’t.”  The dark voice in his head said.
He awoke.
He had been dreaming about Myr, the ancient god had slumbered upon the last shreds of his first glory but now he had stumbled to wakefulness in the voices of his enemy.
“Leave me to my sleep.”  The reluctant god said.
They were still in the chamber, still at the most northerly edge of Candran soil.  The ocean ripped valiantly against the stones and the dwarves plagued the earth with their presence or so in a drunken moment of scorn he thought.
He might kill them all, or silence them, or make them burn or bleed or bend . . . but he couldn’t and his strength ebbed and he doubted he could even create a raven as meal for his hated friend.
Donegal appeared to him then, though it was still the shadow.
Now the manticore had taken human form but the voice, the moist masculine voice of his child Byrgirou knew.  The human form was that of the fugitive girl.
“Marvellous isn’t it?”  Donegal / Kuty asked.
“What?”
“These forms.”  The body pirouetted about the center of the gallery emptied of all except himself and he.  “It is such a wondrous thing to touch, to feel, to know these hands can grasp or bend or break, or burn.  Or bleed.”
“You mock me my desires.”
“Hardly yours and surely not mine.  But you’ve been getting worse the longer you’ve been at this place.  Your strength is failing you as it failed the others.”
“The ring will make me well.”
“Why?  However do you know?”
“Because Donegal in his last moments told me.”
“Ah.  Yes.”
Byrgirou had been there of course.  The shimmering blue of a gate had appeared and there was Donegal in a shadowland bravely dying beside his children, they in their grief, he in empathy of them, and in his last moments he had mentioned, (why had he mentioned?,) a ring while others had gathered upon the ruined husk of Zanaan rendered cemetery for them who had first been born here.
Of course the ring was to have been acquired after the action of his death but Byrgirou lingered, putting the date of his redemption off, especially after the kyrarai had so horribly betrayed all Yyaalis had intended of them.  They had not continued to be exactly as she wished of them but some had become bitter, perverse, and he could not have intervened.
And none of the others dared do otherwise than Byrgirou intended.
So he had but waited and now was the perfect time.  Once the ring was his his shadow would dissolve and emptied of this evil Ledhia would be born, a new country made in fulfilment of them.  Of Myr and Remaliah and Xara.  Soon Ledhia would restore his faith in him.
“What about Myr?”  The shadow asked.  “Wasn’t that world enough for you my friend?”

The dust seas extended forever.  Each particle was so perfect they acted as water might, the perfect structure turning ocean or earth with a single footfall or a season.  One could step to ground one day and swim or drown the next.
The sky was the same colour as the ground, the same shade of blue but lesser, and the ainyr, ah yes the ainyr, bone-winged little insect-like beings halfway between a dragonfly’s eyes, a dreamer or the wind, their bodies shimmering into and out of existence occasionally, but just occasionally, and only when the wind was just right for them.
And the dreamers?  Tall and slender lovely things who once had wars, or duels, bloodless things, ritualized hate, but since he had created time running backward from the moment of his arrival all the wars were prologue, all the history an afterthought.
And yet from the point of view of those who fought the world already was for them and had existed even when it had not.
And the cities, the great circular coin-cities etched and block-like, walls blunt to hold back the wine-dust seas of earth, and the dreamers spent their days in quiet contemplation, imagining all they could or all they would or all that would not be.
But was there more to life than this?
Was there more than quiet contemplation or the black lotus gardens suspended halfway between the earth and sky, or their constant droning tongues, each trying to outdo the other in their wild cacophonies of thought, and when one died his books, her stories they were gathered up, but what happened to the memory, the longing memory of them?
Can you not be happy with just a single world, the shadow said.
It was no question though it seemed worded that way.  It was accusation, a glimpsing of the truth.
He had created one of the first planets in existence and had laid the groundwork for life, beings who felt neither pain nor sorrow but lingered in their loving joy at having been given the speech and gift of words.
And yet he was not happy.
He had not ever realized this before.
And stumbling upward to his feet he asked, “was Donegal ever happy?”  And the girl-form was gone, the shadow gone and fled somewhere he didn’t understand.  In his weakened state the shadow had escaped.
I would have answer, the reluctant god asked, knowing as he thought it it was no statement but only a question.  Only.
And perfumed wine-dust seas assailed his senses once and suddenly were replaced by a scent of ash.

The shadow strolled out of the mountains a time.  He went to and fro throughout the world, a dim and light-bodied thing at once seeming lifeless and yet utterly pulsing with an endless stream, a black sea of regeneration.
The forests of Valari were to the south of the mountains and the shadow focussed his thoughts and fled there.
The great oaks were of Earth he knew.  They had been taken here when the Earth had burnt so many rough centuries before.  None remembered Earth of course, neither human nor elves nor even the dreamers on far off, nearly vanished Myr.
But he did.  The shadow could hardly forget.
He slither-strode amid the trees and noticed a body lying there.  An elf.  He bent down to see the decaying features.  The elves had tossed as a thought to amber this body, this hardened thing softened to wet clay.  There was no sign of memorial or dedication or recall.
So little had changed since the time of the dreamers of Myr, the shadow thought to himself.  Of course it hardly meant the elves were evil, or scorn was visited to his throat in the thought of them.  Byrgirou had made them and had made them to the best of his ability and they had changed.  They had grown.  All save this.
They still clutched a vague disdain to their hearts when one of their number died.
Of course the jalal ate their dead, he thought to himself, but then again at least they remembered them.
And all the time the shadow worried about his darker half- buried in the galleries of the dwarves waiting for the exile to return, to acquire the ring and in the acquisition end the shadow from off the face of the earth.
Well, we all have to go sometime, the shadow said in his heart.
But was it himself or Byrgirou the shadow meant?

He scoured the islands a time.  In the bay of Karn to the west of the Valari Forest he noticed the islands of Tairen and the port of Asher.  Humans nestled there, sailors who in ships of wood scoured the ancient waters.
To the south of this he trailed the isle of Moravan where the vampires slumbered, waiting for their kings to unseat them from their rest.
Other isles sped by, Xymth named in echo of a planet, the Isles of Torment, the isle of Ben Cali where the serpent-children walked, moving in a maddening circle about the edges of the waters, climbing ever softly up until he reached Kyos.
He slither-strode the city of the end, he gazed at the twilight of the northern country unfinished and then headed further north where the Serpent Mountains clutched at the northern pole.
And then with a hop as a bird might, as a small raven might, he landed where he began.  For the isle of Kyos was barely less than a sixteenth day’s swim east to the galleries of the dwarves.
Of course the kyrarai were prevented from crossing the water.
But the girl could have swam, a human girl could have swam the distance without even a great loss of breath, or, if too cold, (the shadow forgot what cold was sometimes,) a simple raft she could have built.  The last storm-demon could have died in fire and fury and the wardens with their eyes on her would never have even noticed the girl sailing east.
But the last all-knowing storm-demon had not thought of that, so convinced was she the wardens could see and know quite everything that mattered to the likes of them, and besides she had an infallible escape plan to save her kind from death.  By making her own child something other than she had been.  By changing her own girl so completely no true trace of kyrarai in her was left.
And Byrgirou imagined the kyrarai the wisest creations his kind ever had.
With a short laugh the shadow slithered into the ocean to speak to a few creatures unknown to elf or man, as all the storms seemed rendered raven to larkspur then.
































Chapter Twelve
Bright Serpent Sunshine in
the Shadow of Cigar

Remaliah is a world of forests, of ancient oaks which pierce the upper edges of the sky, great red forests and leaves, and amid them walk the serpent-children in their robes, their black-silvered garments.
The serpent-children, serpent-priests hold all life as sacred and so when even a sparrow falls they notice it, even a fragrant fragile leaf they mourn it, and all their thoughts they turn to the recollection of all things.
Amid the worlds the serpent-children are known for one thing only; being quite simply mad.

Siemti stretched and stared out into the water.  The port of Unulr, forged and grown of white coral squatted against a few white hills and as he stared out he saw . . . what in the world was that?
Lapis lazuli scales glittered about yellow topaz eyes and his fangs itched and his rattlesnake coiled snout curled back in disdain because he could see on the mainland something moving.
Ormeluesia stood beside him, her claws black-glittering in the sun.
“What are they?”  She asked.
“I don’t know, but they seem familiar.  Yes, yes I know now.  I’ve heard of them in our ancient histories.  Those are giants walking near Setuka.”
“Giants, this far south!  Incredible.”
From each door they came, serpentine bodies on black glittering talons nestled upon the edges of metallic-green scales of legs, each one watching the impossibility they could not help but see.
First the Serpent Mountains, the jagged spines of grey which broke apart the world, each spire a glancing blow against the storm-tossed skies which licked like hungry dogs at the upper air.
And then three monstrosities crossing the deserts below.
At first they didn’t seem real.  Each footfall seemed like a pillar of stone moving, only the pillar was a fourth the size of a city and it extended upward into a body ill-suited for the sane.
For the torso extended in a bulging fortress of flesh and the arms curled like branches thickened into forests and at the extremities the branches relaxed into long fingers, almost human-like.
And the heads.  Long hooked noses jutted forward and yellow lakes of eyes glanced in all direction and the long slit of a mouth widened like the black sky thrust in the middle of the day.
And they were crossing the desert searching and Siemti didn’t know what they were searching for.  And yet.
Yet he feared whatever they were seeking with all his heart and mind.

The shadow had crawled back from going to and fro through all the world.  Byrgirou noticed it but said nothing as it came.
The shadow changed then, taking on the features of a serpent-child, the black lace-wing talons, the lapis scales tattooed about the eyes.
Byrgirou stirred uneasily and strode beside the form.  After Myr had come Remaliah when he had sought to infuse his new children with a perfect empathy.
And yet that implied his own empathy perfect was.
“What were they like?”  He asked quite suddenly.
“Oh they seemed fine, though long removed from the forests of their birth.  I noticed a few of the elfin kind here too, showing still the absence you intended.”
“I had not meant to leave such a gap in them, flaw in them.”
“And so you overburdened your other child with too much.  Fortunately the serpent-children learned from their mistakes.  I noticed many of them grieving for the dead but the tears did not flow forever and not all wept who passed the way.”
On Remaliah of course had one shed tears in empathy all tears were shed.  They had made a science of grief, a wasting study of how each life interconnected to the next.  And yet some fled, as those of Myr fled, out into the void to gain a semblance of some normalcy to them.
And some arriving here could live their lives without dread.

The giants walked and the serpent-born, serpent-children, watched and waited.
“I wonder why the giants have come?”  Ormeluesia asked.
“I do not know, perhaps some fine reason, or some foul.  I do not know what quarry they seek.  But I do know I fear for them.”
“Should we act?”  She asked.
“Would you stand in the way of such as that?”
And so all stood a time and waited and then went on with their lives when on another planet they would have stood transfixed in communion with the giants until they starved and died.
And of course the wardens could not do the same for them.  The earth and sun sustained them and little else besides.  Certainly not the hoped-for aid of those upon the ocean’s other side.

“Why do you seek my death?”  The shadow asked.
Byrgirou had left the galleries and was now standing, gazing westward to Kyos.
“You are an infection, a black-cancer sickness and I would be rid of you.”
“I am just your lust, your wrath, your pride, your sloth, your greed, your envy, your gluttony and your lust.  But do you know what I am not?  I am not your despair.”
And Byrgirou laughed.  It was an oddly thunderous sound, like the march of the giant’s tread upon the dusty soil of the southern sands below.  And in the sliver of it he was weeping, weeping without repair.
“You haunt me, just as you haunted all of them, all who dissolved like seafoam, but I will not succumb!  Not yet!”  Not yet, not yet . . . this world is a dewdrop world, and yet, and yet . . . and he was but a drop of dew dwindling into nothingness.  Not yet.  Yet, what more was left?
He could not let the others die in vain.  Had they died in vain?  They had waited for his command to bridge the unfathomable shadows with the terrible loneliness and he had not relented, he had waited to make perfect everything.  But the longer he stayed his hand, the longer his perfect creation lay hidden in the shadow of his wings and of his heart the sooner fell his children who could not understand.
“Why do you seek death?”  The shadow asked at last.
“I don’t,” he stammered now, he gazed westward at the cemetery soil and the mausoleum city and he stammered that he didn’t.  He didn’t seek his death.  He sought the shadow’s end and nothing more would come of it.
“The ring could have been yours at any time and yet you waited.  Is that what Donegal intended?”
“To see them all decayed . . .  I . . .  I couldn’t . . .”
“Why didn’t you create more than, in sympathy to those who were lost?”
And he was at a loss for words.
There was a logic to refraining.  An object in motion cannot be stopped and a country first created cannot merely be added to.  Could one simply add more aspects, fill in more details, add a city here, a life there . . . and then the thought of gazelles racing through the giants’ city and the logic caught wickedly in his throat as something false and dirty and coarse.
Donegal could have created again, or Yyaalis, could have filled the world of living things again, but both had succumb.  It was grief, grief because one couldn’t simply replace a life.  A child dead couldn’t be replaced by a new living child, a word lost couldn’t be replaced by another word found.
The logic ran cold and hard but the reality was not about logic or the hard laws of a universe newly born.  The reality was the manticores had not rebuilt the dead because it would have meant pretending those gone had never existed and like a child longing for their parents they couldn’t replace the essence of their hearts like that.  No child could ever replace a parent first lost to them.
“Because it would have been like pretending they never were.”
Donegal’s face pressed close against his own.
“It’ll be alright old-father,” the shadow said, mimicking his own child’s voice, “it’ll be alright one day.  I have faith in you.  You can try again.  You can make this right for all of them.”
“You are a disease . . .” the old god said.
“Disease of a sick heart I know.  Oh, by the way I found the girl and her friend.”
“I imagined as much, your reason for leaving when you did.”
“Yes they’re in the Cyas Caves.  You remember the tiger-folk, don’t you?”
Csolyel.  They were about to wander among the creations of Csolyel, his daughter who had fashioned the tiger-folk and talrano, the galic and the cadari-shad.
They might be going their deaths, he wondered.
And do you fear for them?
I do.
Then there’s progress for you yet.

And far away upon a crimson world a serpent-priest sat gazing into a blazing fire as the night crept on soft small fingers and he smoked a pipe and in the shadow of the cigar and the burning embers he caught a fading glimpse of a dying end, realized in the moment the end, accepted it, and turned to the fire in the midst of the ancient-scarlet trees again.
As night came then.









Chapter Thirteen
The Name of the World is Ocean

Xara is ocean.  It is an emerald world littered of countless isles but it is ocean.  Land is the anomaly, the slipping sideways logic of something unreal.  Forest and sand, earth and stone are the dreams clutched at by them who sail the cool warm waters upon floating cities, all manner of peoples, all manner of shapes dwelling upon the skin of the sea.
For the name of the world is ocean.  Xara is just another way of saying the exact same thing.

In the end he only had himself to blame.
Baligostria had stumbled headlong to the mountains and toward the caverns he saw it.  He couldn’t understand, not at first, the green glint pinpricked against the sands and then he bent forward and realized as his grasped it what it was he was looking at.
A jewel.
The girl had shed it, perhaps without realizing, and now he knew utterly the way she went.
Odd though, the jewel in his hand, this glimmer of sand which was growing larger somehow, as if in compensation to him.
In the end he only had himself to blame.
The jewel as he called it had been given to Kuty by her mother, the second jewel her father stole after acquiring the gem to make her human.  Sometimes at night Kuty had suspected the jewel her mother hoarded was some switch, something to return her to her true state but such as this couldn’t be.
Instead it was a library.  It was the full collected history of the kyrarai race, their first steps on Zanaan, their voyage amid the stars, their songs, histories, mythologies, all condensed to give some semblance of a truth to the last inheritor of themselves.
And buried at the conclusion was the last record of the last kyrarai king spoken through his own thoughts.  
Of course the library was meant to be have opened off-world but perhaps the warden’s own flesh seemed a key.
And so he was given the lives of his enemies, culminating in the testimony of Darsyap-Igel the depraved.

“What’s wrong?”  Cala asked as they crept further into the cave.  The endless high walls curled upward and though it should have been black-ice-cold the walls were golden, the lower-world warm.	
Kuty turned back to have realized the jewel was gone.  She must have lost it when she stumbled into the cave.
But though it seemed important something told her not to tarry back.
“It’s of no consequence,” she said, her sense of loss balanced by a feeling that beyond the walls there was a thing of dread.

He was standing on sand, but no, yes, no this was not Candra, there were too many moons in the sky, and those colours?  He had no names for them.
What am I?  What is this?  But the words were twisted along three throats and he could see with three pairs of eyes.  Four arms descended and instantly he sought a mirror, reflection, some pool or . . . bending down he caught glimpse of one of them.
Two wolves-faces, one boar’s head peered up at him grinning wickedly at himself and bat-great grey wings shook from his shoulders like the frost at morn.  A scorpion’s tail whipped upward and instantly he struck as the reflection’s own tail shot upward and both shattered the reflected cool of the water into shards of melting glass, fragile as a word.
“Lhyeib!”  He was called and turned to see another come toward him then.  He slunk back, his body riven with despair but suddenly he started to forget.  He was no longer Baligostria now.  He had become Lhyeib.
He was led toward their maker and that night Yyaalis laughed and he duelled with sword and barb-blunt venom and all his former life he promptly first forgot.
And he passed then, slowly at first, but then running sure, passing from flesh to flesh the further that he went.  He was standing upon the Shadow Planet he knew but also at this moment he had stood upon Zanaan, and others, other worlds while likewise striding between the stars.
Then he noticed the tiger-folk in their great armadas of ships.
There was war here between the stars, great giants in service to the fur-etched forms of the tiger-folk and their battle against the reptilian cadari shad and he fought and laboured, yes, laboured to free the slaves captured and imprisoned by the tiger-folk.
Before the plague had hit the kyrarai had stopped a war, had brought peace.  Peace.  The word was a source of their soul to them, not an absence of conflict but a comfort of themselves.
And the plague came then.
He felt himself undone, first a body then another and a few pieces of himself he scattered to other planets, dwindling embers, leaving Candra left while the talrano slipped likewise there and the galic who were the ancestors of the wardens.
He had been never told.
And Zanaan was emptied and he was the last kyrarai who ever stood upon its shores.
And he was the first to stand step upon Candran soil.
And slowly he felt himself shrink and diminish and saw his hands bloodied and raw when he issued command, he Darsyap-Igel ordered his kind to take this world, to rebuild what had been lost.
And a scream began.  That simply wouldn’t stop.
And the galic were changed, their minds broken, but somehow something remained, and he watched his own numbers grow taunt and twisted as slowly he saw his plans dissolve like seafoam in the rain.
And he lay broken-bodied upon the edges of Kyos isle staring at a realm he’d never get to truly see again, centuries condensed to two screams, the first of his victims and lastly of himself.
And then the story sputtered onward leading to a last mad glimpse and grasp of air, a few poisoned breaths and nothing more.
For Kuty wasn’t there.
There was more of course, much more, each life and biography, each song and story, each birth and death and he clutched all in an instant and all of it likewise poured itself into him.
And suddenly he knew, knew the story wasn’t over for he saw himself reaching for the jewel upon the sand, this new chapter added to the rest, implying but one thing.
The history of the kyrarai was not at rest.
For he had become the last trace of them.  He knew and felt the weight of an entire species pressed against his chest.
For a moment he became one of them, then as one by one 
left he was emptied for a moment and a blackness fell at noon.
And he wept.

Baligostria opened his eyes to realize the others had stood over him, patiently terrified.
They knew of sleep in the abstract but knew it the way one might know a colour they’d only seen a second before; it existed and was surely not dangerous but what did it mean to them?  They had no point of reference upon the best way to act.
So they waited not knowing else to do.
Baligostria sat up.  He was upon the familiar ground of Candra and he was amid his people.  But he had not forgotten, not forgotten a single aspect of the journey.  He came to on unsteady legs, unsteady as the throne Darsyap-Igel once had sat upon, and vomited.  On hands and knees he expelled black bile like from some cancerous wound and when finished the others carried him beside the mountain grey to rest.
He tried to speak, words failed, he caught them, the essence of what he longed to say, asked “stone?  Jewel?”  Algarda shook his massive head and pointed to Baligostria’s hand.  The jewel had fused into the skin, a small green pulse reverberating like a heart beat that could not ever end.
It had become part of him.  He could not be rid of it.
He had become the last chain of what he himself had hated. 
And coarsely he started to sing a song he did not know of and yet he did.  He was singing a funeral dirge the kyrarai used when Zanaan had reached the end of them.

Night came on swift small fingers and Baligostria slept.  He hadn’t ever needed to before but now he did, now the waves of days sundered into him and as the two stood watch he closed his yellowed eyes and drifted mellow into rest.
And he was kyrarai then.  He was standing on Candra but this was not the time of the conquest but earlier.  Bursania was being built and the kyrarai were among them, helping.  Alien hands grasped the iron-stone and he felt upward to place it upon where it wanted to go and in a moment he remembered the dying roots of dust on Zanaan, and he wept.
And he was comforted by a galic whose hooked nose bent down and a great hand reached out as if they were friend to friend.
And later he was comforted and went on with his work again.



















Chapter Fourteen
The Land of the Human-
Feathered Birds

Galgan is a living world.  Blue-green oceans breath in concert with lung-cities, in sympathy with mouth-deserts, and in each aspect of itself lay the potential for creatures imaginable and unfathomable and unknowable until they are conceived.
Small winged creatures flitter in skies of turquoise gazing at a further aspect of themselves while those dwellers of the cities grow outward limbs, sixteen arms or eight, finishing on spindle-flicked fingers like the tentacles of the dwellers of the water, changing not the nature of themselves truly but only what they grasp or what they bring to the surface of themselves.
And were anything not of Galgan to step upon itself what might it ponder at such alien flesh as this?  And what might it imagine such alien flesh to be, since all things are themselves,
are itself utterly.

The caves grew larger the longer they walked.  At first they towered overhead, the great maws connecting the thin membrane of the outer and inner worlds seeming like the throat of some primordial thing.
But now the roof of the caverns could not be seen.
Now no matter how high they peered there seemed no end to anything but a black decay above and yet the light dimmed not as if the walls a hidden fire became.
Behind them far in the distance the wardens could be felt.  They could not come here into the caverns but they could sense perhaps the runners running after sanctuary.  And if they knew, or guessed, the path the pair of them walked upon then they’d discover where the end of the path lay and perhaps the pair would be caught.  And then there would be no escape.
Reverberating against the walls Kuty sensed an older rhythm, a song, a funeral dirge the kyrarai once had sang.  Distorted in the dimming countries she did not know which direction it came from.
Cala peered ahead and caught a glimpse of her own self reflected in the wall.  It was a fleeting glimpse and for a moment she knew not what she saw then stepping forward touched the rough wall with her hand.
But nothing was there.  A mere trick of the unseen light.

The haquil gazed at the pair of them.  It of course could not truly be seen, or properly seen clearly.  To describe it at some moments it would appear human or elf save the three-fingered hands, and the absence of a face.  Instead swirling colouring centring around a point while its golden skin reflected effortlessly to the walls.
Of course it was not upon the walls but in them.
At other moments though it was not like anything imaginable, its entire form spread across all of existence taking whatever shape the nature of that reality wished.  In some aspects it breathed arsenic, in others it had a trillion eyes each composed of pure silicon, itself a body made of glass.
Here it phased into the stone though it could suffice for short seconds out into the world of empty space beyond.  Walking between the worlds.
Viewed from its side the two seemed to be alien forms though it knew them utterly.  For embedded in the walls on its side of existence the entire spectrum of possibility bled out into everything.
In one thread Candra was entirely ruled by the kyrarai, entire lands filled of their kind and no other.  Twenty cities slouched upon the plains while all other life had died or never came to be.
In another the kyrarai had all perished on Zanaan and none arrived on Candra.  Here the elves took hold, or, in a splitting of a moment it was humanity, no, now the nubla or the giants held utter sway.
Here a sea of ice obliterated all.
There Candra loomed too close its sun and suddenly gardens of fire swept and turned and beasts of flame blazed briefly and were gone.
It existed along this mosaic of possibility.
It was the gardener of the garden of forking paths, the caretaker tending the endless harvest.  And it was hardly alone.
To every side of it the haquil became.  Each movement it achieved another achieved differently or not at all and so another was added to the collective of itself.  It had neither mother nor father but was, and was simply because another of its number had taken a different path than it, and since all paths had to be laid out it simply now had to exist.  If it came to be a second earlier or later it would be someone else.
And so it was, or rather it perceived the emergence of all who came before and all who came after as itself.
And it emerged stepping forth and explaining all, how when the arisai created a residual other-creation was made, unfinished places like stories partly done, vague glimpsed at other-possibilities even the arisai did not know of.  And these the haquil preserved like panes of glass in a cathedral tending to the unknown work of their maker’s hands.
And it also revealed the path ahead, the choices they would make that would lead them to some perfect end.
But it did nothing then.
Because in another universe it already had.
It placed an almost-hand against the stone thin skin between itself and them and wished them luck and a betterment of chance.  Then it glimpsed the bittered thought that it already had and so for a moment cursed them but imagining this too it might have done imagined what it was like to be a stranger in an alien land where the sun lingered not nor had time seemingly began.
“I feel cold.”  Kuty said as unseen eyes watched the girl.
“I know, so do I.”
Such a possibility the haquil did not intend but satisfied it had done something it went on its way again.
For a moment the mosaic turned when no eyes were watching it and a human-feathered creature shifted in its gaze toward the emptied realm beyond as if seeing through the void, then screamed and from the cliffs of Chaaronia shot up into the turquoise sky instead while below malachite oceans shattered into glass and imagined it had glimpsed itself in the mirror-smooth river of the water falling against the mountain stone, little imagining in another realm its name was Cala there.
It merely noticed it felt cold.
And by its side a raven-fingered creature went, lust-licking as a strangely burning child.































Chapter Fifteen 
A Bright Scorpion’s Tail So 
Like A Flower’s Bulb

Zenix is a world of jungles, of green and gold where each day insects are born, bred to consume the plants and each day also the plants are born, bred to defend and consume the insects made.
And their forms shift as water, twist as glass melting in an inferno, countless variations of legs and petals, poisoned blooms and bleeding acidic water pouring from golden armour to make ready a feast of the dead.
And the dead are never considered nor thought of and in the moment of an end even still there is no thought that anything lingers after death.
And night comes and night leaves and the world’s wheel goes on again.

They had wandered for a day now and hunger gripped at them.  They hadn’t intended the caves and yet there had been no other way and now they were trapped and the world just wider went, a world emptied of everything but stone.
“We could go back?”  Kuty asked.
“No.  It’s alright.  There’s a way ahead.”  Of course there wasn’t.  None had ever ventured so far into the caverns and though it was a single path it seemingly led nowhere.  Cala had hoped there was some gateway to the upper lands, some portion into the Serpent Mountains and sky but there was just the long seeming unseen light and the country widened til they could not see a sky but a black decay above.
“A bright scorpion’s tail so like a flower’s bulb.”  She said, or sang.
“Cala?”
“It’s a poem, a litany the elves tell one another.  

The plains beyond are bright but deadly and all 
the stones are venom-bled, 
the seas are scarlet waters, 
blood, and any who’d step upon them drown, 

the hills beyond are bone-littered mud and even 
the trees can slay or bend.
All things are beautiful but 
deadly child, a bright scorpion’s tail 
so like a flower’s bulb.”

“Beautiful, but why do the elves tell it so?”
“To lead fear to fear and make all of them stay in the forests of Valari.  Though here the fool’s truth is true, and though beautiful there is nothing to sustain us.”
Kuty sat on the stony ground and sat crossed, looking unknowingly at a world whose sun was scarlet-malachite.
“Sit.”  She said.  
And Cala did.
“Whatever am I going to do with you?”  Kuty asked.
And Cala smiled at that.
“I don’t know,” Cala said.
“It’ll be alright you know.  We’re going to get out of this Cala, I promise you of that.”
“Don’t make promises you can’t keep.”
“I can still pretend the world will to me bend.  Do you know where that comes from?”
“Your mother?”
“My father.  Last words he said to her before he journeyed west.  Tell me,” she asked, looking finally to Cala, “do you think he’s waiting for me somewhere after death?”
“I don’t think so, no,” she said as she stood up and went to a nearby wall, her eyes turned away from Kuty’s own, “the arisai were quite clear on that.  After death there is nothing.  It would cruel to imagine something afterward, spend eternity in some other place than one’s own life, condemned to watch others while unable to touch anything themselves.  Why?”
“Sometimes I wish I could pretend they’re still there, somewhere, my parents, my people.  But there’s only me.”
And she rose.  “And because there’s only me I have to say this.”
“Say what?” 
“That we’re going to get out of this.”  Kuty then reached behind her ear and drew out the axe as it enlarged and became itself.  She then went to a nearby wall and starting striking it.  She didn’t even know why.
She struck and struck and the sound reverberated the walls and she was heard.  
And they came.  As if in answer to their god.
The haquil watched as the hidden doors opened then, the corridors which crisscrossed through their own dominion, the doors none spoke of, and out of them came the servants of the long dead storm-demon race.
Cala turned to see tiger-faced women striding solemnly toward her, their hands delicate as a human’s but tipped of white-smooth talons, their long tails whipping behind them effortlessly, their sleek features smoothly turning toward Kuty who in shock had almost dropped the axe.
And the lead being came toward her, stared down at the axe in her hand and in a moment Kuty turned to Cala in a mixture of mute terror and shock.
Fifty of these beings were on their knees.
Bowing down before Kuty with a single litany on their lips.
“Behold the wielder of the gods’ blade.”
And so they were take in among the aarlis-arlistria.  The tiger-folk.

The doors opened and the pair of them passed through an opened aperture in the company of four others.  And they could see now the “doors” were passages which seemed to emerge from the stone itself and as Cala and Kuty passed through they glimpsed odd mosaics of places and peoples they knew not of.
And beings in the stones shifting form as they stared at them.
In another moment another door appeared and they found themselves in another cavern, a rounded under-country and in the midst of this was a city unlike anything they had seen before.  Ancient palaces existed of white marble and the pillars here were not smoothed but struck of grooves and the palaces and buildings seemed of an alien architecture.  Of course words like Rome had vanished before half the realms were born.
“What did we just see?”  Cala asked one of the tiger-women and she glancing at her goddess ignored the girl.
“She asked you a question,” Kuty said, and stiffening the tiger-woman replied, “it was the mirages of the haquil.  They show us things and we watch and laugh at them and marvel at their ingenuity to create such things, such marvels merely for ourselves.”
“Then what we saw wasn’t real?”  Cala asked.
“Of course not!  It was but pretence and folly.  And we who know the truth know this truth utterly.”
Uncertainly Cala agreed.
They passed the white palatial buildings and were led into the palace, the widened throne room where sat a tiger upon a red-lion throne.  Or a rough crude replacement of one at least.
And in all the time they walked Kuty had made certain to keep the axe in hand so when the flame-fur-coloured woman gazed at the grey-dull axe she stood and marvelled and laughed in utter pleasure to see this possessor of a divine thing.
“Welcome and well met.  I am Althrea Zomruiel, and you are . . . ?”
Trusting the potential Kuty decided upon a bold invention; of telling first of all the truth.
“I am Kuty, last of the kyrarai, daughter of Arlistriya, and this is Cala Elfsbane,” Cala winced at the affectation, “my companion and friend.  We are pursued by the wardens and would seek shelter here.”
Althrea stared at the girl.  Orange eyes peered into her own and a mouth of needle-fine teeth revealed themselves one white glimmer at a time, as the mouth opened wider and wider, seeming capable of swallowing her whole.
Then she placed her head upon Kuty’s shoulder as if listening for something special within herself.  
And then she whispered “it is a wise child that knows their parent well.”
And that was that.  In some click of machinery sliding into place she knew that Kuty was indeed some trace of kyrarai, some last grasp of the storm-demons’ own and so they were safe.
They were among the enemy of their enemies.
And is that not the safest place to stand?
































Chapter Sixteen
The Islands in the Sand, 
The Gates of Winter Beside It

Zyrn is not merely the desert.  The arisai who built Zyrn added to it four moons, Dranis turquoise-riven the one most well known of, of endless green clouds swirling over a hidden inner world.
Those of Zyrn their bodies like threads, their bulbous heads spherically cast upward staring at the stars, their bodies coiled like snakes slender as a stem, focus all their energy on them, those four moons, Dranis most of all.
And in their scarlet mythologies they imagined alien races, lost cities, golden spires of crimson-glass and make of every thought a thought devoted to what they know not of.
And those of Dranis, what do they dream of?
They imagine all existence is just a few pale valleys, a small salt sea, and themselves.
And nothing more than this.

Althrea marvelled at her god.
After so long in exile one of them had returned, and yes she seemed . . . strange, but she was truly a part of the old ones and this Althrea knew.
And she was so amazing.  So incredible.  She spoke eloquently of their travail through the upper-lands.
“We travailed the upper world.”
And she knew so many things, so many more things than the elf which came with her.
“What is that?”
And she was so . . . alright, not beautiful, but they could fix that. 
The tiger-folk could change her back.
Sitting there in the company of them Althrea watched the young goddess picking at her foot and knew, absolutely knew what she had to do.
She’d make Kuty truly kyrarai once again.

The palace where they ate seemed lit by a midnight sun and yet like the other cavern before it they could not find the source.  Their host the queen Althrea seemed utterly fascinated by Kuty and the more she crept to learn the more uncomfortable the girl became.
Cala the aarlis-arlistria utterly ignored.
They sat about a rectangular table of white marble, the tiger-queen at the head, Kuty to her left, Cala just beyond Kuty gazing downward at the rather bland meal.  Though it satisfied it had no taste, no substance.  It was like trying to devour shadows and only become partly satiated in the act.
“How did you get down here?”  Kuty asked, glancing upward the finely featured being and her flame-orange streaks of fur.
“During the last years of the fall one of our gods told us to wait here, mentioning that when the arlgith were in readiness they would retake the world and we would be relieved of our post.  But the arlgith never came and the gods never returned.”
“Why do you call my people gods?”  Kuty asked.
“Were they not?  Were they not the finest beings of all creation, the most noble, the most brave?  They saw in us some glimmer of perfection and we went on to serve them, serve them utterly.  I and my lineage have waited just for you.”
“Might we be excused?”  Cala asked.  She was ignored.
“Might we be excused?”  Kuty asked.  She was not and suddenly the palace emptied of one accord.  Kuty had not even realized the edges of the walls were lined with them until their absence shook her to their truth.
Alone, (or hopefully alone,) Kuty turned to Cala then.
“Whatever are we going to do?”
“I don’t know, but I don’t trust them Kuty.”
Whispering, “no more do I.  There is something unsettling about them all, their reverence to my peoples’ past.  At no point did my people ever imagine they were gods.  Powerful yes, even arrogant, but . . .” speaking now so she might be heard, “it is a shame the arlgith turned from their duties and yet I see the aarlis-arlistria have not.  It is an amazement to realize they have kept safe the old ways for so many centuries.  I would be honoured,” at this a slight gasp coming from beyond the room, (so they were listening then but had not heard everything she said,) “to know all I could of them, their total history, their total understanding of the storm-demons whom they served.”
Whispering now, her mouth by Cala’s ear, “we might have been safer in the empty chamber because I smell something on them Cala, something unclean.  We must escape.”
“Your mother thought you might escape the wardens, yes?  How did she expect you to manage that?”
“The same I suspect I will have to escape the tiger-folk.  Perhaps.”  She said, whispering as Cala had.
Suddenly Althrea returned.
“Come,” she said, “it is the time of kuludra when all the people gather together.  I would be honoured,” mimicking the word brave Kuty spoke, “if you would join us then.”
“Of course, both of us would prefer to see how well the tiger-folk have done in the absence of their gods’ watching eyes.”
And so they left the palace, without knowing it, heading west.

Baligostria struggled upward, struggled to stand.  Algarda had kept watch while his companion journeyed east to seek aid from their brethren, even unto far Bursania.
During the night and the following day Baligostria had rallied, had sang, had deliriously wept over a planet called Zanaan, a planet none had visited in none knew how long.  The jewel had poisoned him.  Strange little thing, a grain of sand to such as them, less, yet it had drawn itself into Baligostria and was now feeding him a litany of souls.
He saw all of them suddenly in a glance.  There were the monsters, the camps and there was a time before and he watched and marvelled at them and he swore and cursed and he wondered why the jewel had done all this to them.
And nothing had it done to the girl that it belonged to.
In his delirium Algarda stood watch.  There was a subtle madness in hearing his liege rave about the evil wardens who had imprisoned them to wither and to dwindle like the last tides of a final sea.  And then he’d rise up screaming at the storm-demons in their own tongue, cursing them for their stupidity, for their blind adherence to Darsyap-Igel.
And then in Darsyap-Igel’s own voice he’d speak about the logic which rain in the breaking of all things.

They were in an amphitheatre and they occupied the topmost row seated to each side of Althrea beneath a short canopy of marble.
Down into the dirt some of the tiger-folk came dressed as the scoira or humans of old.
“What is happening?”  Kuty asked.
“We enact the ancient war, the conquest to remind ourselves of our place in existence.”
They’re going to be killed, Cala thought, but then couldn’t imagine why.  They were tiger-folk and the numbers of the city couldn’t sustain such a ritual.  It was lunacy to imagine they were to die.
They didn’t die.  They were brutalized.  Surrounded on all sides by tiger-folk in armour, tiger-folk who wore ritualized wings like those their kyrarai possessed, they struck and beat at the faux-scoira, the faux-humans, and then beaten to the ground they were taken away.
“The first act is ended and the second shall begin.”
They were returned, wearing collars and chains and forced to scratch at the ground while beaten, while each scar was notarized and recorded in the eyes of all of them.  There was no logic, no purpose, just a ritualized abomination and where the first act had taken moments the second took four-sixteenth the day.
And after every few moments one of the brutalisers would step forward and begin to speak.  They were speaking the words of Darsyap-Igel.  He had been the one who brought them here it seemed.

“Don’t you see Jalcaef, it’s perfect.”  Baligostria was rambling in his half-unconscious state.  He was taking the role of two kyrarai speaking, one whose name was known for so many hated things.
“It is so easy for us to do this.”
“Why, we have dwelled here in safety for centuries Darsyap-Igel.  What you wish is madness.”
“How.  Zanaan is gone, our numbers are few, Candra can be taken and molded as we wish.  You know the arisai will not stop us, they love us too much, they mourn for our dead company.  I am tired of being among these mayfly-children who cannot know the touch of the void or sail the winds of the sun.  We are stronger and strength determines morality, nothing else.”
“What if they fight back?  What if they are able to subdue us?”
“I am the liege here, I am the king here.  And you will obey.”
“I will not.”  And just like that a voice was silenced seemingly forever.
And Darsyap-Igel gazing from the red-lion throne licked at the blood of his own son and gazed at his subjects to do as they were told.

“Strength is the only moral certainty, he who had the strength is the god and nothing more.”
The faux-scoira in their leather bindings were beaten and forced to work while in the theater was dragged bones.  The bones of a giant’s foot, dragged by twenty of the faux-humans as they laboured ceaselessly.
“See, even they can be killed.  I would make all this in my own image.  I would make this creation bend to me!  And if it will not then so be it.  Other creations will.”
“They’re replaying the entire conquest in a day.”  Kuty whispered to Althrea.  “Why?”
“To remember where we come from and to realize when the time is right, when the gods return we shall be rewarded for all the suffering we’ve endured.”
“But I am the last and I am not kyrarai.”
“Oh my girl, we will make you kyrarai, give us time.”
Shuddered by the thought and the implications of the words Kuty turned to the ground below and then gazed at her friend.
The faux-storm-demons struck at the wounded souls and then a faux-scoira reached up and caught the staff.
“Here is the moment when it all went wrong,” Althrea said.  “The moment they fought back.”

He was a monster.
Perhaps it was because he’d witnessed the last of his people on Zanaan and knowing this sought to make his people safe.
Perhaps it was because he suffered some form of trauma and so wished to enact the same on all creation.
Perhaps he believed some arcane path, some depraved truth and this guided all his steps to this dark certainty.
Perhaps he missed breakfast one day or didn’t like being corrected or felt he knew more or simply wanted to prove his superiority.
None of those justifications mattered to his victims.
He was a monster and he led his people down a dark path.
The kyrarai marched from Calranus and in utter surprise the giants watched their former colleagues as they ripped at flesh and bone.  A hundred could subdue a giant and they had many more times a million.
They crossed the Serpent Mountains and imprisoned the Hive-Mother and made her children into slaves.  They raped with spear and blade and made of flesh a ruin.  They impaled a forest of elves and then set their broken bodies alight and afterward made the survivors build, breaking them with every step they took.
And in all this, all of it, the kyrarai did not rebel.  He was a monster and they followed because they feared do any other thing.
It’s hard to imagine a century in bondage.  Words fail.  One can describe, one can attempt, one can whittle down a million lives to one example and paint with careful brush those horrors but it is impossible to adequately say everything.
Words fail.  If they didn’t one might share such sufferings utterly, and none can.  Existence is a singular pursuit wickedly arrived at.
How had they lost?
When one of the scoira attacked one of the kyrarai upon the Orsanal plains and in utter rage and fear he struck he somehow caught the storm-demon in the chest, in the exact spot it was most vulnerable.  And it died not long after that, many moments captured as unto amber when the other slaves saw and the storm-demons saw and before they could react the cowed population had risen as a flood.
A century of absolute power had rotted them to the quick.  Perhaps some just wished to die and be ended of it.
Only Baligostria would know for sure and in his delirium he could reveal only partial scraps of it.
And the giants walked, his people released of their long imprisonment and the slow recall of what history he already knew and a ruined carcass of a being limbless rotting on the sands screaming at his impotence, cursing all of them.
And he was a monster yet.  But he was broken on the sands.
And in all this the tiger-folk stayed loyal, when the arlgith turned away, when the vampires fled, when the jalal slunk to the plains to be rid of their evil creators the tiger-folk stayed loyal, they who once had ruled and bled the lives of other worlds.
But their loyalty was undeserved.  
Not once in all his thoughts did Darsyap-Igel even remember them save as blunt instruments fit to be used, and tossed away.  Were their god here he would have slaughtered them all for failing to do more to save himself.
And what was worse?  Kuty had never even heard of them.

After the ritual had ended the three went down to the dirt below.  Althrea wandered amid the ruptured traces of blood while Kuty and Cala followed.
“Marvellous isn’t it?”  Althrea asked.
What can I say to her?  Kuty thought.  Tell her the truth, lie, pretend.  My mother had a plan for me to escape the wardens, a simple vial of a substance similar to the poison she used.  Had I drunk it then I would have appeared dead and the wardens would have tossed my body beyond.  They wouldn’t care about my body, but she?  I’d be interred like a relic here.
“It was abhorrent.”  Cala said.
Althrea turned to Cala and struck her across the face.
“Who are you to speak to me child?  I serve the gods, I serve the kyrarai and once I have rebuilt in Kuty her legacy we will retake Candra.  We will rebuild and become stronger, just as they . . .”
And Kuty began to laugh.  She laughed and turned to the dirt and the blood, she turned to the deep gouges where the bones of the giant’s foot had lain and she laughed and couldn’t stop.
“Why do you laugh at me?”  Althrea asked.
“Because we’re the same, same error repeated twice.  Do you really think I could become your liege?”
“I have the machines, the flesh-mechanics preserved.  We could do down there, I could order . . . order you to go down.”
“And I would say no.  I would say no to that Althrea.”
And she turned from the countenance of her god.
“You are the last, last trace of them, surely you wish to retake your legacy.”
“What legacy!?”  Cala was astonished at the anger.  “What legacy is this?  You broke the bones of your own people to remember a time when others were brutalized.  How many times have you done this?  How many years, centuries have you done this!?  Why?  To serve my people, my people were monsters!  Despite anything else they were monsters and you have no right to worship them.  They were cowards who followed a demon over a  cliff to their doom!”
Careful Kuty, Cala thought.  Don’t unseat the reverence of a god to its follower or we might be martyred rather listened to.
“And what would you have had us done?  What outside of you was left?”  Shaken Althrea turned away from them.  “You weren’t there after the fall.  You didn’t see, you didn’t see our kind torn limb from limb and tossed to the jalal to be fed upon.  You weren’t there when we had to build a city under stone out of fear of being exterminated.  You weren’t there when Darsyap-Igel turned to me and said to keep the people safe no matter what, no matter how.  You weren’t there.  We had nothing left except the certainty we were right.  Because if we’d been wrong we would have been monsters.  And no one wants to admit that.”
“How old are you?”  Kuty asked.
“I can still remember sometimes when the giants were called the galic, far enough back, still remember when we fought the cadarai shad.  They were partly of flesh and partly of metal, never understood how they achieved that.  Saw ships, entire fleets burning in the dark, silver crumpling into ash.”
“How old are you?”  Cala asked.
“I’m older than Candra, possible a few others.  I can still recall the arisai who gave birth me, near the dawn of creation’s beginning.  And out of all that, that blood and death to know we’d made the mistake again.  We couldn’t.  I can’t.  We await the gods return to make Candra better than it’s been.  I could have you imprisoned you know, nothing is stopping me from doing that.”
“Are the others like you?”
“Immortal?  No Kuty they are not.  They are not like anything you could imagine.  But I am.  Oh my beautiful goddess I want to make you perfect, I want to see the form of my master once again.”
“But you predated them.  You were created thousands of years before the kyrarai.  Surely you had something before that?”
“Blood and the fire and the night and nothing more.  So come,” brightening now, or trying to, the mask of her joy replaced upon the age-worn features once again, “let us revel and rejoice in the remembrance of times past!”
“No!”  Kuty said.  “Let us not remember, and not like this.  Tell me, in all your centuries of waiting, if you had the ability to make a human kyrarai why didn’t make yourself kyrarai instead?”
“It would be wrong for the worshipper to become the worshipped.”
“Or is it because you’re afraid of choosing your own path?  End this.  Stop being this and become something better.  So says the word of your god.  I don’t need to look kyrarai for you to believe in me, yes?  So I say stop this and choose a better path.”
And Kuty drew out the axe and stabbed it to the ground.
“So says the word of Kuty.”  Althrea said.
“Yeah, so says myself.  I want you to know this, my people forgot you.  All of you down here.  You were lost and we didn’t know.  You owe us nothing.  Here, take the axe if you want, make it a seal, a proof of your authority.  Proof that god doesn’t want your worship.  Become yourself.”
“I could still take you below ground, to the chamber, I could order them to take you and they would, without fail, and you’d become kyrarai.”
“I am kyrarai, I am the last of them and I don’t need to be molded in their image to become.  I like this body Althrea, I like this flesh.”  Kuty turned to Cala a moment and smiled.  “I don’t need the rest.  I know who I am.  It’s time for you to let go.  Time for both of us.”
“I obey.”
“No.  You choose.  I have no authority over you.  You decide.”
And Althrea wandered back over the centuries, even her own times standing in the pit, as guard and slave, trying to hope against hope this time it would prove their devotion and the kyrarai would return.  How many centuries had they stood waiting at the walls for the well-worn sign, waiting for this axe, this key to hammer home their path to the kyrarai and tiger-folk?
And before?  When the tiger-folk held dominion over countless planets, ruled jungle and fire and cities built on bright spires of stone, subdued by the kyrarai and tamed because kyrarai had nobly protected and once a defender was, a friend, they could not turn to become a blackened thing.  And if they did?  They could not.  Or so the logic ran.
“I’ve waited too long.”  Althrea said.  “Keep the axe.”

And from each street the tiger-folk turned toward the walls.
Kuty and Cala watched as in one body, led by Althrea, they turned toward the golden walls and the doors opened but they did not pass through them.  Instead they touched the walls and the haquil placed almost-hands were the tiger-folk placed their own and suddenly the lost strands of their lives were taken up and added to the whole.
And these ghosts lingering in the dark were suddenly scattered to each of one of a uncounted number of worlds and universes, beings who had stayed hidden in the dark-below.
And a human-feathered bird glanced to see strange creatures drinking by malachite waters which hadn’t been there before, as suddenly all thought of the storm-demons were gone and on each one of these endless places they forgot.  They forgot their labours and became something else freed of them instead.
“She must have been holding them here,” Cala said.
“I guess so, but how?”
“What do you think just happened?”
“I have no idea Cala.  I just wish the wardens could let go so easily of us.”
And in another creation lay the islands in the sand, the gates of winter beside it, islands in the sand, the door into winter there as unknowingly an echo of Althrea wandered on in some foreign shape, occasionally wondering at the countries beyond, at the endless seas of dust.
But nothing held her back.
And so she started exploring this new territory she was in.
“You do realize we are still trapped down here?”  Cala asked.
“I have a suspicion there’s a way out nearby.”
“How do know?”
Kuty picked up her axe as it returned to a splinter behind her ear.
“Because how in hell did the tiger-folk drag the bones of a giant here?”
And so the pair of them slowly exited the city of the tiger-folk, continuing north, as beyond a great cavern loomed, but in the midst of the unseen light Kuty imagined a shaft of daylight had shot through.

“Are you awake?”  Algarda asked.
Baligostria’s delirium had ended and he stood.
“I am.”  He said.
“What would you have us do?”
“Go home.”  Baligostria turned his feet eastward and began the long march back.
“What?  Why?  We haven’t captured the last storm-demon yet.”
“Algarda I have been poured of their entire history in my veins.  I have their entire legacy inside me now.  I am more the last of them than she could ever be.  And I say enough.  I don’t want to go pursuing ghosts anymore.  In my sleep I saw glimpses of the time before.  We have spent too long labouring on the dead.  I would be rid of it.  I have ghosts enough I’m sure.  I don’t need another.”
And without another word the giant headed east being filled not only of the kyrarai but the galic’s history.  Strange word that, galic.  He hadn’t heard it before.
Algarda was torn.  All his legacy was in the killing of the kyrarai.  For a moment he imagined he could smash Baligostria’s head, rupture the memories utterly, then realizing Baligostria was easily his equal in strength and more than half decided against it.
But he couldn’t let go of the pursuit yet.
“Go on then,” he said as Baligostria turned back.  “Return to Bursania and say no more of this, for I still have something to prove.  The journey can’t end like this, half-finished.”
“Then I wish you luck,” and then he spoke a moment in kyrarai tongue, turned and went on his way again.
But then Algarda added, “surely Kuty would know to free you from the jewel.”
And Baligostria smiled, he smiled and laughed and then looked back once.
“I can see that she knows nothing of this thing.  All their knowledge I have and once given it cannot be taken back.”
“You are content to be a monster then.”
“No one is completely a monster Algarda.  And even when they are it’s best to know, accept, and eventually forget.  We have tried to hold them back and what has that gotten us?  We have forgotten our own names, the names of our own people.  I don’t hold simply the legacy of our enemies but of ourselves and I would share in that.”
And he turned and strode away, but not before adding, “the last of the kyrarai are dead.  But we my kin we walk the living lands.”
And like pale mist he was gone.

In the port of Unulr they watched as the giants turned and went their separate ways.  The larger-headed one’s direction going toward Setuka while the other headed north, climbing upward 
among the Serpent Mountains.
And a few pitying eyes in sympathy felt for them and those they hunted as the giants went.






















Chapter Seventeen
Meadow of the House of Oppression

The children of Acara dwell upon a jungle and they are small and spider-like, centaurs of eight legs while their upper bodies seem those like women with their scarlet hair.
The dragons in summer they pursue, small golden worms they hunt for should the dragons achieve their second birth, should pupate they become great winged creatures who hunt a single thing.
They hunt the children of Acara as they race the undergrowth, to remain hidden of everything.

Byrgirou had gone on walkabout.  He had journeyed south and was now settled into the forest of Valari.  His shadow was with him, which he wished to kill.  The skin of blackness slither-strode beside him, slyly mocking.
Or so he thought.
The elves gathered to him a time.  Sydh-Roesioe, Azylizayle, Azylizium and Xirrghusi, beings named after places which had been made or left unfinished lying outward in the void.  
Erostates, Erilistriya, Xhylex, philosophers conceived of whose philosophies none knew of save Byrgirou himself.
And his shadow of course.
The elves knew of Byrgirou, of how he had created their ancestral world.  In the dim-lit labyrinths amid the oaks elves sang a few brief songs, ancient lilting verses from their past.
Of course the stories had changed, altered, were rearranged and none knew where the paths had been altered of.
Paled-skinned women danced about him, (swayed more exactly, and though they sang they seemed to lack a certain passion even in the presence of their maker,) and the great black-bound books of old were opened and in a funeral tone they recited their old former litanies.
They knew each name of course.  They knew each name of each vaunted figure, understood utterly, (or so they thought,) how each former king played into the machinery of the whole and for a moment, just a moment, Byrgirou pretended he was content.
And while he imagined so his shadow slipped sideways across the outer edges of the Serpent Mountains.
Suddenly he was plunged inward, in amid the caverns and he was facing a golden wall and reflected back at him were a mosaic of forms.
Of worlds.
Countries unfinished he knew not of.  In some he saw reflections of himself.  And he was not alone.  Trailing behind Cala and Kuty he followed in their step and suddenly here was a Candra where the kyrarai had never become such monstrous things or there a planet where the elves wept for the dead or here a creation where the arisai numbered in their counted trillions and the universe so filled of being it could not be sustained save in the making of more things.  Form added unto form forever, joyous in their pain and in their sting.
And the shadow led the way to a single panel, a single frame of action and Byrgirou saw himself then impaled upon a spear and the shadow was above him, its ghost-echo pouring salted-venom to the wound as Byrgirou fell and was consumed of death.
And death left his lips in peace.
He had not felt Cala and Kuty themselves.  If he had he might have pierced the wall just as they had turned upward finally finding the crevice to above.  Instead he recoiled backward into himself as the morning came along.
I must kill that monster, he thought grimly to himself, as the shadow smiled a knowing smile and whistled a funeral dirge along.
The elves of course neither noticed nor understood Byrgirou’s scented grief.  And had he died suddenly in a moment they might have noticed, idly jotted down the details, and then left their god to rot.




Chapter Eighteen
They Love Me Differently 
Or Not at All

Walder is not merely sand.  Each granule of itself is alive and it can form itself to any shape.  Each synapse of a dust-strewn aspect of itself exists as but one thought, one mind, and were to take the shape of a giant or a worm or a blossom blooming from itself it has no other thought but to become.
And even out amid the stars, separate from itself it still retains itself.
It cannot be separate from the essence that it is or has become.

Baligostria had strode the plains, avoiding the cities of the south.  By edging to the Serpent Mountains he had avoided the scorpion dogs and the scoira even as the venom yet remained.  It could kill him or be killing him now but he suspected not.  And anyway the venom was hardly the most dangerous thing in his body now.
For a time he wondered at what had happened.  There was a gap now, a Time Before, and a Time After.  In the Time Before the kyrarai occupied his every thought, their existence his existence tied to him.
But now, paradoxically, in knowing them, in seeing every crevice of their being he had lost his sting of them.  Now they occupied a small chamber in the backward corner of his mind because it was not simply their history he saw.
He saw the galic and the talrano, the tiger-folk and the dreamers of Myr and the more he looked the more he saw until the entire canvas had been laid bare.  And they occupied only such a small corner of it all and there was so much he hadn’t imagined ever to do.
I might be dying, he thought.  But a deeper thought intruded.  I might finally be living then.
He spotted Hydraxaspe marching from the north.  Hailing his companion, arms raised, Baligostria beckoned him and the two met with Janderia in the distance beside the ancient walls.
“I would have words with you.”  The liege said.
“You hear their thoughts then?”
“No, but I see, see finally what they were.  In the right perspective I understand.  I have become quite free of them.”
Night had fallen and as Cala and Kuty stumbled to the upper-world finally the pair of wardens gazed at the ancient moons ahead.
“We were called the galic?”
“Yes, buried in their history I see our people.  We dwelled upon a massive continent of green, green malachite stone and built our cities from the bodies of ancient primordial beasts whose names we called aalga.”
“Perhaps we had not forgotten utterly with names like Algarda circulating our being.”
“Perhaps.  We were made slaves before but we endured, we kept our names and when that evil was removed we persevered.”
“Then what happened to us?  Where did we go astray?”
“We became someone else.  We forgot to return to what we were.  We couldn’t grow.  But now!”  He swung wide his arm.  “Now we can.”
“The others might not accept this.  And Algarda has fled after them.”
“I know.  The knowledge might not flow easily but we have to know ourselves.  We have forgotten too much.  We have lost whatever we were . . .”
“. . . in the aspects of our enemies.”
“Indeed.”
“What of the girl and the elf though?  What if Algarda captures them?  Should we not stop him or should we ignore their plight if indeed as you say you are the last now, not she?”
He had not considered that.  He had not considered what Algarda might do.  But the goal was so close!  He could return and deliver what he had learned, he could heal them.  It is what the kyrarai would have done.  But is this what his people might have done?
“I had quite forgotten.  We cannot abandon them.”
“I know what to do Baligostria.”  Hydraxaspe said.
“What?”
“I will pursue Algarda and you will return home.”
“You don’t have to.”
Hydraxaspe turned to the west.
“What sort of warden would I be if I could not aid my liege in his time of need?”
And as Baligostria slept, a sensation he still barely understood Hydraxaspe strode onward to protect his enemy.

They had emerged into the upper world finally.  The crevice had been easy to discern.  Kuty had been right and now free of the lower-world the pair were making headway.  But where exactly were they going?
This was no quest after all.  They were no longer heading to the dwarves, following a plan which no longer fit.  But what were they doing?  Wherever could they go?
“We need guidance.”  Cala said.  And food.  The meals in the lower-places did not agree with her yet.  Whatever possibilities had been below evaporated in the morning light.
“Wait.”
Standing on a sheer smooth floor of the high-ground Kuty could finally see all the western lands.  The green emerald of the forest in the distance and the plains below, endless and yet unlike the country of her homeland for there was no tall grass here.
Far away a streak of blue mingled with red revealing the Fire Wastes and the oceans beyond them.  All of this distorted in her view as if the whole of Candra were under glass.
“Beautiful, isn’t it?”  Kuty asked.
“Beautiful enough.  Tell me, wherever would you go?”
Without knowing why she pointed to the edges of the Fire Wastes.
“Ah, the city of Nubla.  If we get down from this peak it would be an interesting trek to go there.”
“If we can get down.”
As Kuty turned a shadow slipped against Cala’s face and gazing up she saw something and without knowing why she ran.
Cala turned up and great winged creatures were swimming in the air, reptilian with long membranous skins stretched taunt along their arms and legs.  And they, the twenty of them above, were peering down at the pair of them.
Cala ran to an under-hang of rock as the thals winnowed in the sky and screamed and then downward swooped toward them, their needle-fine teeth sharpened upon all manner of flesh.
And they had no difficulty adding Cala’s and Kuty’s to their own.
This was not like the arlgith or the tiger-folk.  These were thals and they owed no allegiance to anything not themselves.  There would be no words spoken here.  Only blood and bone and steel.
“Draw forth your axe Kuty,” Cala said in shadow, “and prepare to fight or die.”
The twenty landed upon the flat high-ground and arrayed themselves about the under-hang.  Zar Zaradan glanced at the pair and motioned with his head for some to turn left, some right, and then on his scale-encrusted legs he sprang forward.
No words were said.
Five golden blades swam the air and felled three while the upraised clawed sleeked inches from Cala’s face.  Kuty, still unfamiliar with the axe drew it up and back, then spun, (the axe felt light as a leaf-carved-feather,) and the grey silver metal bit into a thal’s neck.
There was no scream in this, no grief, not yet.  The broken pieces would mourn later.  For now there was but the attack.
In the grim shadow claws raked at skin and Kuty’s face was cut but the axe sang into skin and bit blood.  And more blood of old victims was added to the cold steel then.  The blades hit their targets and finally Zar Zaradan raised a hand and without a second’s thought they gathered up their dead and set sail the sky.
And only then, only then they screamed defiance, as if at the world’s end.
Afterward Cala bandaged her face and plucked up the lost daggers upon the grassless upper-lands.  Still gazing skyward the pair went to the northern lands ahead.

In the tower of Hedar Zar Zaradan prowled.  His name, the name chosen, had been used by each of his predecessors in turn.  His identity was the same as each before though each before had died.
And at his death his body be gathered to his people and another chosen who would have his name but in some measure not be like he was.  Such was the nature of the thal.  They mourned and they became; an unbroken chain without beginning or end.
A few had been taken and now they would have to be replaced.  He scratched at the wound and a fire grew taunt in him.
They had managed to attack and defend.  His kind had grown complacent in the upper-lands.
But the flesh could not go south.  They would have to go north, into his lands.
In the dim-lit labyrinth of the tower he sat upon a throne whose name he had long ago forgotten then decided to rally his people to the task.
And had he been told her origins, of where her people came from he would not have cared at all.
The kyrarai did not matter to him.
She was just a piece of flesh.  To be consumed.
And all the time Algarda journeyed north, prepared to fulfil a promise he did not fully understand.













Chapter Nineteen
For Some People Dying in Slow 
Motion is an Aphrodisiac

Remler was created of forests and of valleys but such have often been said before.  But upon all of Remler knights stepped forth.  In silver armour they duelled against dragons and dark lords, warriors honour bound to defend and serve, a realm of princesses needing rescue, of knights forged in battle sent.
And all of them desired one thing; to be rid of it.  To rid of the honour which prevented them imagining more to life than this.
For some people dying in slow motion is an aphrodisiac.

Donegal was standing upon the Shadow Planet.  He had taken a new form now, not of a manticore but a man.  A human.  It seemed utterly fitting yet he couldn’t claim as why.  His creation hummed with a brief electricity and he knew why.  All things in time they had to come to an end.
“You must return!”  Byrgirou had screamed at him.  “You can’t do this!  Not to me!”
But it wasn’t about him and both gods knew it then.  The gates closed that he might be alone.  And as he did he turned back to the blue furred form of his own and sprawled upon a black continent of ground.  He breathed the dark decay and felt himself slip.
This was to be his last act.  Of course he needn’t take this course.
A shadow came to him then.
It slither-strode toward him and he noticed as it came.
“Hello.”  The shadow said.
“Hello,” he replied, “care to sit awhile and wait out the end?”
“Delighted.”
And the two sat and chatted for a time.  Oh the shadow would endure.  It always did.  It was not merely some part of him but a part and portion of them, of all their fears and hates and lusts.  In another age one might call it an evil thing.
Donegal smiled and offered the so-called evil a cup of tea.
“Are you not afraid?”  The blackness said.
“I am, but I must be brave.  I must accept.”
“You could rebuild, you could start again.”
“I am starting again,” Donegal said, “in doing this.”
“Why do you mourn them?  They needn’t die, it’s a foolish mistake for them to perish for no cause.”
“They have caused destruction and they feel they must atone.”
“Could you not atone them?  Are you not their god?”
Donegal smiled then.
“Who are you to speak of gods?  I am.  I exist.  I will be gone.”  He winced in pain then.  He had created in himself something new.  Something impossible for his kind.  He had created death.
“But you could start again.”
“I am.  I am doing something that my people must understand.  We are not promised forever.  We are only promised ourselves.  And we cannot be other than we are.”
“If you were someone else you would not be dying now.”
“If I were someone else I would already be dead.”
“Byrgirou will grieve you and your passing.  It will blister black in him, he may lead the others over a cliff to their doom.”
“It is not in grief he will blister but just in trying to keep everything safe.”  Donegal turned and stared at stars black as obsidian, stars in the night only he could see.  “We are not promised forever so I would die as I am.”
And he felt the electricity of his creation fade and then he turned to the shadow one last time.
“If you fear for him so badly make up some lie.”
“What?”
“Tell him something, pretend to be myself, make him do something which will unseat the weight of grief from off his shoulders.  I would prepare.  I am trusting my self to you.”
“Can you trust me to do the right thing?  I could deceive even in deception.”
“Are you not the worst part of me?  How could I not trust you as myself?”
And with that Donegal rose up and strode a few feet, and then collapsed to the black continent.  Dead as his creation was.
And the shadow became him in form then, as the gates opened again and Donegal/shadow smiled, seemed almost to salute his old-father, and then began to mention something about a ring . . . 





























Chapter Twenty
The Perfume Scented Gardens 
Of the Scarlet Moon

Rhom was emptied long ago.  Once knights dwelled upon their surfaces racing on steeds of steel.  Once rivers of oil burnt and knights in blunt leather crossed the great emptied plains, dwindling down to nothing.  And no thought of them remained.
And when the last of them died upon his lips was written an ancient prayer, of earth which none spoke of.  Of earth.
Little knowing such had been the former name of their dying world.

Yyaalis gazed upward at the sky.  It had an odd scent to it, like perfumed wine and she was standing in the city of Bnyr Berith B’nyr and was alone.
She could feel Donegal die off in the black continent of his own.  She could of course return if she wished, go back along the doorways to Byrgirou and her kin, but she couldn’t.  Something held back her hand.
A few of her kin had gathered and were staring at her crossing into death, gathered and staggered like statues upon some farther shore on the other side of the planet.  Or the world’s end.
Then as ravens they flit into the dark and were gone again.
And she imagined then ammonite coils in fossil seas and the sound of bone-lutes playing and the way the sun glistens along rivulet fingers of stone and all of this, in all of this she was alone.
And Myr and Remaliah and Xara and the others lingered on and her own creation was cast off from it, her creation sealed as that of her brother.
And she mourned.  It was a strange feeling to mourn, to grieve.  Those of Myr did not grieve, those of Remaliah grieved for everything, and those of Xara?  She could not tell, save that the name of the created equalled the created itself, as if that explained anything.
But she grieved for this.
She grieved for them.
“And why is that?”  A black shadow asked.  It had slither-strode upward from the wine-salt sea.
“Because they are gone you foul little stain.”  She said.
“You could bring them back perhaps, if you wished.  Or choose another path.”
“Has Donegel chosen other than this?”
“He has, he has decided to forgo his death and has escaped to Byrgirou.  You should go with them.”
“Blasphemous little liar, leave me as I am.”
And the shadow smiled and sat upon a stone, gazing upward at the scarlet moon a time.  It was strange, in sunlight or in shadow the scarlet moon remained.  It was unchanging even as all creation changed.
“I’m not the villain here you know,” the shadow said.
“And what are you then, since we two are together and alone?  Since all of this is dead?”
And the shadow paused and spider-like grinned then stopped itself and tried to begin again.
“I am that which you need, I am that which sustains you.  I am your desires, your lusts, your hates, your jealousies.  Your cancerous monstrosities, which you need, all of you, if you are to survive.
“I am your wrath, your idle pools of idleness, your envy and your gluttony, but I am not this.  I am not your despair.”
And Yyaalis laughed bitterly at it.
“Think you I despair?”
“You are standing here waiting for death and count it noble.  As did Donegal, and why?  I ask you this question, why, what is so noble, what is the nobility of death?”
“We failed, he and I.  We created all this and it has collapsed and burnt to ash by merely brushing against each other.  Surely a creator should do better than this?”
And the shadow paused and began to write upon the sands.
“What you writing there?”
“The history of everything.”  The shadow said.
And the shadow wrote the beginning, the middle, and the end.
“There I have explained the universe to you.  Ah, but I missed a detail, let me add.”
And then the shadow added start again.
“I suspect our kind will start again.  Byrgirou will lead the others to create a perfection I cannot imagine.”
“He will not.  He will stagnant like a pool of bog-encrusted water and lead them to extinction.  Save him.  Return.”
“I am . . . afraid . . . that won’t be.”
And death entered her and unafraid she felt its sting a moment and then never again felt its sting.
And the shadow stared at the scarlet moon imagining but a moment perfume scented gardens there but it lacked the strength to create anything on its own.
And so the shadow mourned as easily as had Donegal and Yyaalis own.  And he buried the god in the earth and then wrote her life upon the sands, watching it tumble into nothingness by the wind.
And then he wrote again.  There was nothing else to do.  He had to start again.


















Chapter Twenty-One
The Reluctant God

Golain possesses a single city separated from the sea by a mountained ring of grey which shields even the scent of water from the emptied dwelling place.
Of course life must need have water to sustain and yet the city was forged here between the northern sea and the southern desert with an impassable wall between.
And since time was an added affectation those created imagined all those before had somehow survived.  Without water.
Now all that remains is a small lizard in a an even smaller ghetto, a green king surveying a kingdom he cannot truly see while all the logic of all before led to their ruin because nowhere, nowhere in their entire mythology had they ever seen another before them take a drink.
And this alone would have saved, perhaps, had they a word for water.

Cala and Kuty felt themselves pursued.  The thals were a force recalled but barely understood.  They had been created like the others but something here had gone wrong, or, if possible more wrong than one conceived.
Throw a body to the arlgith and they would die, possibly, though there might be conversation first.  Among the jalal certainly an excellent chance for death, an almost certain road, but usually if one were brave, or clever, or proved oneself to fear neither them nor death the jalal might enjoy the chase and at the end, the very end grin a savage grin as if all life were the flipping of a coin and then decide, perhaps, just perhaps they’d try to kill upon another day.
Or not.
Jalal were fickle.  
But they were not ever cruel.
But the thal were known only for this.  Enter their realm and you would be consumed.  No speech, no tongue of warning or wicked hate.  Just this.  A talon, bright as a shimmering sun, a venom-encrusted mouth and nothing more.
And none knew why.
It seemed they were honour bound to kill, as if in their very souls was written a singular command.
Cala scanned the skies and crept edgewise through the rocky corridors between, Kuty scratching at her ear subconsciously, her right ear where the axe lay.
And all the time Zar Zaradan had taken to the sky, so far out of reach no eye could notice him.  He had sailed upward, rising higher til the ground was a canvass without distinction, til only eyes as finely tuned as his, as theirs, could see quite anything.
The mountains had become a flat plain, the flat plain a parchment sheet, the ocean rolling lines of surf and tide.
All thoughts consumed to the ground, to the single dot, axis of a continent and all things scattered about.
There.  His eyes probed to see a blond shock of hair, a few dark curls in a summer wind, four arms, two heads, the glint of gold.  A splinter of grey silver nestled by a young girl’s ear.
He had them.  
And like a thunderbolt he fell.

The shadow skimmed the ocean awhile.  Byrgirou had gone walking among the ruins of the jalal and the shadow had decided to stroll the reflected under-surfaces of a blackened sleep.  Nearby he heard the turning of the vampires of Moravan and considered the sleep not black but brightened then.
Under the ocean were creatures massive and aloof, whale-dogs lapping at gardens of white coral, six-legged scorpion-fish radiant as a sunbeam.
He idly chatted all with this.
Of course so long ago he had chatted with so many different things.
There was a name.
The shadow slunk a tendril of a head up as if his idle was replaced by fear.  Darsyap-Igel, the still voice said.  Ah yes, he had had such conversations long ago.
“And I ask you,” he asked the ocean wide, “why, why do they linger long after all of this?  They pursue and tear and tread and weep and I ask you, I ask you why?”
But the ocean could not answer him.
“And of course, none of them imagine it might be possible all they consider true was false and they might never have been such a creature, or creatures as this.  Why can’t it be that all of this were prologue and the earth merely created in a day and all the atrocities mere forgotten?  Because they never were?
“Why couldn’t this be?”
But the coral could not answer him.  Nor could the beasts.
But he had had the conversation himself, last words of a broken thing impotent and terrible and it should have been enough . . .
But it wasn’t.
After Donegal’s death he had gone on walkabout going to and fro amid the worlds and for whatever reason he rested on the shore and there was the hated monster, there was the hated thing.  And he chatted with Darsyap-Igel and in his last moments he rallied at them, at the shadow, at everything.
And it would be easy to say he was afraid, or deceived, or, or perhaps some sickness caught him in its throat wickedly.  But he was a monster surely.  Surely?  There was no reason why.  Surely.  Surely?
“You don’t have to die.”  The shadow said.
Darsyap-Igel was straddled to the shore as the sun kept pouring down and pouring in.  It was the last day of their last war and the arisai had not intruded and now the kyrarai were confined and they in their last act of contrition had broken him.
“What must I do?”  The demon asked the shadow.
“What if you could start again?”  The shadow crept closer to the ruined body on the shore and idly licked at the wounds the black decayed thing wore.  “What if you could simply start again, would you?”
“You mean if I had the chance to make certain we never fell but ruled all this forever?”
“You simply don’t understand.  You know,” the shadow took the form of a scoira then, disgust creeping now down the kyrarai’s throats’, “I have gone throughout the universes seeing so much, but you, you are an anomaly I don’t quite understand.  The closest I have come to is a subtle logic of the arisai, but you are broken in a splintered form of thought I don’t fathom.”
Darsyap-Igel laughed.
“What don’t you understand?”
“Why, given all you are, all you could have been, you choose this?”
“Because I could.”  The kyrarai spat.  “I knew the arisai would not interfere and I had the chance and I took it.  I ruined and destroyed because it was my nature to do this and nothing more than this.”
“And the others?  You led them over a cliff.”
“They were not strong enough to stop me and if they had tried I would have ended them.”
“The definition of evil; to do unto others with impunity what one wouldn’t want done to themselves.  But look at you now, about to die, your name become watchword for cruelty, your people on a road to death.”
“So be it.  I have been true to what I am.”
“Have you then?”  The shadow asked.  And in a moment it went scattering among the kyrarai.  It went wandering among them, among their thoughts.  The terror of their exile, but, beneath this the realization of their evil.  Some, once loyal had taken up residence upon the shoreline, gazing backward to the water and the giants stood upon the further shore and would not ever leave.
Children, small scorpion tails whipping in frustration and terror idly stabbed at their own flesh and poison ebbed into everything.
In the lower labyrinths were the bodies of kyrarai whom Darsyap-Igel had been displeased by and across the waters untold millions lay asleep in a broken death.  And it would be easy, so easy to imagine some justification, but there wasn’t.
I did as I wished and none stopped me, even unto death.
And the shadow returned then.
“If you could undo it would you?  If you could start again?”
“Why not ask all of them?”
“I’m asking you.”  A flicker of the total brutality gave way; he was in a camp labouring and being broken by the moment, no, he was bred of wings and claws, no, he was a tiger-folk taught to obey even as the barbed point betrayed his own flesh, and in all of this Darsyap-Igel felt nothing.  Save anger at not completing his task.
No, he was a thal bred to hunt anything not himself, each form and tincture of himself reflected in his brethren while anything else was lesser and deserving of being destroyed.
“I have made all this the way I wished!”  Darsyap-Igel cried out at last.  “It is mine and it will never be anything other than I intend!”
And the shadow laughed at this.
“Why do you laugh, my name is a watchword for cruelty, I am god here!”
And the shadow picked the monster up and sped to the Cyas Caves while his body remained embedded to the sand.
Amid the golden walls the haquil walked, some now having great massive black-void eyes, slits of mouths, others walking with trailing peacock feathers of wings behind them.
One of them, Riarndreia, turned and watched as the shadow came and brought the monster to the place.
And the shadow showed Darsyap-Igel everything.
Each variation of Candra came to view, and indeed some did have themselves ruled, and others not.  
But the totality of all the kyrarai had done equalled barely anything in the vast eternity beyond.  
The sheer variety of paths eluded the kyrarai as suddenly all was ice, or fire, or the xi ruled or the elves, suddenly he was a poet, suddenly a slave, suddenly he was born of another thing, suddenly he was contrite, and he saw himself broken on the sand as before weeping and weeping and simply unable to stop.
Each turning of a possibility the shadow showed him and without form or flesh the essence could not turn away.
Enough, he cried, enough!
But it was not enough yet.
So he thinks himself a god, well met.  I’ll show him his divinity.
It came to him and kept pouring down and pouring in until the essence became bloated of lives, of existence then.  And still the shadow wouldn’t stop.  Each tear, each longing touch, each sad farewell, each lost life was poured edgewise into it and still it was not enough.  It had not been enough to brutalize him, to rob him of limbs or wings or flight.  There was no curse, no hell, no after-spent where the books and tallies were added up, no justice.  
No peace.
The arisai had not interfered when they could have nor had the xi and he would have words with them later, he would convince them to interfere and they would obey.
But here?  Here the tyrant was thrown every possible reality, every iteration of the wheel and he screamed then.  Screamed and screamed and wouldn’t ever stop and the shadow pushed him into the wall, into an unused part, an empty space, and let him watch each possible configuration of himself.
To find grace.
Or so the shadow lied to itself.
Maybe when he returned to that spot at some future date he might even release the monster from the golden-glass.  Or not.
The shadow was fickle.
But the shadow was seldom unkind.
Riarndreia turned and with void-black eyes came forth, watching the creature screaming on forever, and turned to the shadow as it slither-strode away, hearing small echoes of words bubbling from its mind.
Words like “ring,” and “lie.”  And while all its kind strode from wall to wall and mosaic to mosaic Riarndreia slipped along a portion of itself unknowingly inside.
For the haquil are fickle.
And are all things besides.

Like a thunderbolt the thal fell.
Cala could see it coming and drew her blades.  Eye to eye met and Cala tossed the blades upward hoping to end the creature aright.  But throwing a blade straight up was difficult, momentum was lessened at such angles and the thal tossed the golden glimmers easily away.
Zar Zaradan crashed into the pair of them, or tried to, but Cala pushed them out of the way at the last second.  The others had scrawled backward but their leader had not.
Unable to change his nature he had followed his instincts to attack any not himself and now he seemed a black smear upon the grey-bronze stone.  Stunned the others stared as before they realized it Cala had drawn her other blades, all the blades hidden in her garments and finding their hearts began to cut them down.
Cala was not fickle.
With unerring aim she ended them and the thals died.
Some, a few returned backward to the sky but those that perished on the ground she went to later, drew off her knives from their bodies and for a moment, just a moment felt a tinge of pity for them.
She did this because she watched as Kuty bent over Zar Zaradan’s body and actually apologized his end.
And then the pair went on their way again.

















Chapter Twenty-Two
Oh the Places You’ll Go To
and the People You’ll See

Spindrift is a crossroad between.  Were one to travel from Myr to Remaliah they would reach Spindrift first, the perfumed air, the bone bazaars, the merchants selling everything of every single kind.
Of course once off Spindrift one forgets they were ever there and would not know at all save the purchases in their hand and all rough-edged dreams they might have had.

The tower of Hedar had been oddly easy to escape about.  Zar Zaradan had died and now another was needed to replace him and without a head the body could not act.
The square tower the pair avoided and continued heading north, looking for a way off of the Serpent Mountains.
The only food they possessed they possessed now from their enemies.  Just as the thal would have eaten them Cala had sliced apart one of their number and brought from flesh with them.  It was strange to realize they would recall this being as unwittingly being the one who saved their lives.
She doubted he would have accepted such a legacy as this.
The rocky pathways continued northward and after an eight-sixteenth day’s walk they noticed the sky was clear of the thals completely.
Kuty was about to mention their good luck when a cobra peered up and skittered toward them from the shadow of a boulder.  The cobra itself, wide-hooded, green-grey-bodied, was not the astonishing part.  Nor was it astonishing when two small scaled arms descended from the body ending in three small claws.
Nor was it astonishing when it spoke.
But a small cobra with two arms speaking from an utterly human mouth in an utterly human face shocked the pair of them utterly.  Of course Cala knew what it was.  A saima.  Still she was astonished by what it implied.
The Hive-Mother was nearby.

“Care for a game?”  The shadow asked.
Byrgirou had gone to the Cyas Caves.  He had detected the shadow’s scent there and having little else to do was following his steps.
En route he had noticed Algarda wandering north.  His compatriot had not followed far enough yet to be seen.
Within the caverns Byrgirou glanced at the golden walls, the shadow still pursuing.
“No,” Byrgirou said finally, “I do not want a game.”  Strange that he had walked the distance.  How long since his feet had touched the ground?  But flying was beyond him now and so the reluctant god had raced, a crimson blur athwart a golden country afterwards.
He strode the caverns and an odd familiarity greeted him.  For a moment, just a moment he imagined something was here, some subtle otherness he couldn’t quite comprehend.  Perhaps he would, but not yet.
For he scented his quarry in the pit.
They had come here.  The scent was recent, a day perhaps, or more, or less.  Turning to the shadow behind him he suddenly raced ahead and at the wall where the scent pooled he scratched at it.  And the door opened then.  He glanced upward at the mosaic but in his determination ignored them, pretending they were nothing important.
Even oblivious when another Byrgirou stared at him.
Give it time, the shadow said to himself.  He’ll get it eventually, just not yet.
Past the corridor the city and past the giant’s foot the further cavern and past the cavern the way out.
And he was striding faster than any man.
“Chess?”  The shadow asked, pursuing him.  “We could play chess.  Or shogi?  Xiangqi is nice, or kehcet?”
“Do not keep me from my goal.”  Byrgirou said.
And all the time he raced Kuty and Cala were being led ahead.

The saima had led them to the Saimas’ Tower and curled about the circular realm were the stone-carved coils of a serpent, its head nestled near the top.
The thals never intruded this far north.  They dared not.
She wouldn’t ever dare allow it.
They were led into the tower and down below they came as thousands of saima raced about.  No words were spoken which they understood.  This far below the saima illuminated themselves, their language colours and patches of pitch or bright or blue, a silent language broken only by the unspeaking of them as they spoke only to each other and could not otherwise articulate a sound.
And at the bottom a rumbling thunder was heard.

Algarda had decided that the only way to stop them was to head north.  Simple logic really.  But how far north should he go?
It had been so easy in the time before.  Good and evil existed and he was good and all else evil besides.  Not only was he good but each possibility of him had likewise to be good.  It was good to slaughter the kyrarai and therefore the kyrarai were slaughtered by him.
Because he was good.
He marvelled at the endless perfect logic of himself.
“All the kyrarai?”  A voice asked.
At first he didn’t know from whence the voice came.
“Bob-Durodonium?”  He asked.  It had soundly like his old friend for a moment he thought, even though his old friend had died.
And a small black smear came into view then.  It had crept from the mountain and in the distance was the Saimas’ Tower and the shadow rose to his height and spoke again.
It did sound a bit like Bob-Durodonium too really.
“Hello.”  He said and then briskly headed on as if such things happened to him everyday.
“Hold Algarda, I asked a question of you, I would have an answer.”
“Well to be fair that wasn’t a great question.  All the kyrarai, what?  You’re not very grammatically refined and I would consider it impolite for a being to get into my head.  It’s not very crowded but it’s mine.”
And the shadow smiled, and then said, “Alright, I’ll ask the question fully; were all the kyrarai deserving of death?”
“You sound like Baligostria and I don’t know what poor thing happened to him.  Hmmm, let me guess?  You’re something much older and more powerful than I?”
“Pretty much, yes.”
“Good, then I would have words with you.  Walk with me,”  the giant said and without looking back the warden wandered on.
Taken aback the shadow followed him as Byrgirou pursued the pair through the maze of mountain roads, the bright labyrinth of stone.

“Why have you come here?”  A voice asked.
In the deep-below all was black but there was a green fire at the heart of it and the chamber’s walls drew back and eventually Cala realized she could not see the end of it.
The green fire slowly ebbed and she realized it had existed simply for their benefit.  In the down-below no light was left.  No light except the green fire and her eyes.
“Don’t move.”  Cala said.  In the dark the saima, a few, had clustered about them with one intention; to make certain they not fall in.  For the chamber extended far below the floor and if one fell there was no escape unless she caught them.  And she tried it were more likely one would die by the rough scales of her form slashing to the bone.
“We were pursued by the thal and so came north.”
“And before the thal?”
Tell the truth or lie, Cala thought.  Lie to her!?  One slip of a word and all would be lost.  But admit the truth . . . what truth is it you speak of?  One needn’t use words to speak to me.
“Before the thal were the tiger-folk, before the tiger-folk the giants.  Before the giants . . . the ocean.”
“And Kyos isle.”
“Yes,” Kuty said, “I am from Kyos.”
“Strange little creatures you are, tossed here and there going to and fro throughout creation.  Do you fear me little elf?”  The voice asked.
“Yes, utterly.  Terribly.”
“Do you fear me little storm-demon?”
“I am human, and how can I fear you not knowing what you are?”
“Well answered.  Let me introduce myself then.”
And suddenly a yellow light came to view.  It was massive, larger than a giant’s eye and it was paired by another and the light was not completely yellow; bands of black interlaced between it.  The chamber had not been defined clearly; at first Kuty had assumed it was as broad as the tower and the tower itself was broad enough to house easily five thousand humans abreast.
But the chamber was not as big as this.  It was so much larger.  And down below, below the edge of the precipice?  
A giant could have fallen to his death.
The yellow fires were too far apart.  How were they being held up, and by whom?
Then Kuty realized.  They were eyes.  The green fire came back to life again before the eyes and suddenly she was staring at a serpent’s face, a blunt snout and fangs, each half as thick as the tower itself.  Somehow in the lower space all space itself became distorted.  Surely it wasn’t as massive as this?  And yet the Hive-Mother loomed before them and Kuty’s senses seemed not to deceive her then.
“Do you fear me little storm-demon now?”
“Y-y-yess I do, I must.”
“Why?”
“Because you could kill me.”
“An apt answer, but why would I kill you?  Either of you?”
“Oh there are so many reasons I can think of right now.”  Cala said.  The serpent almost seemed to smile.
And then she laughed.  She laughed and it was an oddly shattered sound like broken glass, delicate and sharp, but it was not cruel.
“Yes, I suppose there are many reasons to die.  I would imagine there are better reasons to live though.  Perhaps even a better life than mine.  Do you know me little elf?”
“You are the Hive-Mother, one of the oldest beings in creation.”
“Indeed.  I was born on Myr, free to swim the oceans of dust in plenty, free to watch the ainyr wheel the skies forever.  I came here with your people, and oh the places I’ve gone to and the people I’ve seen.  But for now I have settled to the ground waiting for a better day ahead.
“Tell me, what do you think of all this, grief?”
“I don’t understand?”  Both women asked.
“Ah, of course, I apologize.  Most in listening to a story told hear one piece but not the whole.  And if one in a story were free to hear all other parts they’d know the logic, the plot, might even find it a bit repetitive now and then.  So let us change the tale a moment.  And now for something completely different, my friends.”
And the serpent somehow placed the tip of her snout upon the edge and there was a flash of green light and suddenly she was no longer serpentine.  But seemed exactly like an elf, naked, the tapping of her feet making an odd tattoo upon the ground.  Except her skin was blue, a darker shade of blue.
“Come walk with me in the upper-world,” she said to the pair of them and without noticing if she were being followed trod up the stairs instead.

Byrgirou had wandered and suddenly found himself amid the thals.  They had replaced their leader and now Zar Zaradan was flittering in the air and the great scarlet-headed god searched up his eyes to see it, to see a fleet begin their crash to ground.
And a voice in his ear said, “you could stop it now.”

“So,” Algarda said as Saimas’ Tower came closer into view, “what is your pitch?  What would you have me do?”
“I would have you think about what you’re doing here.  Surely they are no threat to you.”
“Uhuh.  May I ask you a question, being to being, truth to truth?”
“Of course.”
“Just how fucking stupid do you think I am?”
“Ok I hadn’t expected that.”  The shadow said.
“You know Baligostria thinks me a fool, and so I imagine you do as well.  But he led us here, he started it, I didn’t.  He began the road and we followed.  I followed.  Should I have turned back?”
“Your decision.”
“Of course it wasn’t.  It was his decision and mine to obey.  Now I ask you since he claimed to be now a part of what he hated should I still obey him?”
“Why didn’t you attack him?”
“Why would I?  One against one, he stronger than I, but, and here is the thing, he’s on his way home, home to be judged, tried, redeemed, atoned, cursed.  What do I care?  He gave me an order before he changed his mind and I have to obey it.”
“You don’t have to do anything.  Surely not all the kyrarai deserved death.”
“What do the kyrarai have to do with anything!?  It’s not about them, it’s about me.  It’s about who I am.  I am a good warden and I have been given a just order.  Why does everyone care about them?  I killed them, I killed them and that was for a time the highest point to me.  But not because of them, because of me.  We made a promise to our ancestors to protect, an oath, and I will not fail that oath because someone changes his mind en route.  He said how we had lost our way.  I heard it in his sleep.  Maybe we have but we can’t find it by throwing away ourselves to embrace someone we were.  It was never about them.  Not to me, and when they are gone and only then we get our debts to our ancestors paid.  I will not betray thousands of years of history because my liege changed his mind.  But I have a question for you.  Who are you?  Why come you here?”
Now there’s the rub, the shadow thought to himself.
“I have trailed myself with Byrgirou.”
“Yes, thought as much.  You were the one who wrote in the stone what the girl was, not him.  You knew the truth and you set us on a merry little chase.  Now after coming so far you give me order to stop, when you first gave order to pursue.  Why?”
“The job is done, this task complete.  Baligostria has done what I wished, has led them here, I had hoped Byrgirou would not come so quickly though.  The goal was in fact to have had the pair of them stopped further along the path by the thals and then head south, the three of you pursuing but it seems no one gets exactly what they want.”
“Well what is it you want then?  Tell me, truthfully.”
And so standing on the Orsanal Plains the shadow began.
“I want the arisai to begin again, to create.  They stopped, they shouldn’t have.  They have dwindled to nothingness because of this and when Byrgirou dies I die with him.  I’d rather avoid that fate if I were you.
“What am I?  I am their lust, their greed, their anger, and I am their passion, their hope, their love.  I was created at the same moment as Byrgirou and I was meant to be part of him, part of them.  Instead what happened?  I was thrown out, cast out, stuck watching while they all turned one way or another, one disaster to another.  Do this, don’t do that, make it right, make it wrong.  Make it perfect.  But without me it won’t work, and it would never have worked anyway.
Perfection is just a shadow that doesn’t exist.”
“Ever told him all that?”
“Many times.  He doesn’t believe me.”
“Why do you want him to find the girl?”
“He thinks she has something that will kill me.  And he didn’t come sooner because he couldn’t bear to see them like this, even though he’s dwindling now to simple nothingness.”
“You know you could be an evil little thing.”
“In any other universe I might.”
“Could be lying.”  Algarda stood looking at the forests in the distance.  “Alright, what do you want of me?”
“I want you to let Kuty and Byrgirou meet.  He’s en route.  I don’t know what’s going to happen after that.  The end could be in an eighth-sixteenth of a day, or longer.  I can only do so much.  Whatever happens I don’t want you to kill her.  Please.”
“She’s there in the mountains then.”
“Yeah, with the Hive-Mother now.  She, they survived the tiger-folk, better than I could have hoped for, and the thal.  I don’t know if she’ll survive Byrgirou, if he learns the truth.”
“So she could be killed anyway.”
“Yeah, it’s a real possibility.”
“And your endgame is now?”
“Maybe.  Possibly.”
“You could simply force me to stay away.”
“No, I don’t have the power anymore to make anyone do anything.  I can’t force someone to act now and Byrgirou’s strength is almost spent.  Besides I only ever made one being experience something they did not wish.  Anyway, I thought I’d try the unvarnished truth for a change.  This is my last gambit really.”
“It would take me some time to cross into the Serpent Mountains, to reach the Saimas’ Tower.”
“Yes.”
“Even more if I go a little slow.  Baligostria said to pursue her.  He didn’t say how long it would have to take.”
“Of course they might not even be there when you arrive.”
“So?
“You have to be true to yourself.”
“What else could I be?”  The giant asked, child of the galic race, and then turned slowly to the mountains.  Ever so slowly as he came.










Chapter Twenty-Three
The Bright Gemstone Blossom Growing 
Out of His Seven-Fingered Hand 

Jiniz is a world of spires where the fingers of the ground rises up and atop each piece it flattened becomes and upon each is built a minor replica of the world where beings of green-grey skin trod like solemn giants, or the remembrance of giants, while bridges are spanned to cross all things together.
But the bridges are made of black-spider silk and all it would take to cut off a portion of Jiniz is a blade, and the will.

“Everybody has a story to tell.”  The Hive-Mother was sunbathing outside, Cala and Kuty following.  “You know if you tell a story enough times, enough ways you think that’s the only way it is.  Isn’t true though.”
“Why are you telling us this?”  Cala asked.
“The dashing hero, the damsel in distress, the dragon, the quest.”
“What is she talking about?”
“I have no idea.”  Cala said.
“You needn’t whisper, your thoughts are laid bare like the pages of a book.  I suppose in a way that’s true though, what we are one to another.  Books and stories without end.  That’s what the dreamers of Myr believed of course.  Why they were so good at telling stories but why they were so abysmal at dealing with death.  Hard to feel sympathy if you don’t believe your creation is real.”
“Does this have to do with the kyrarai?”
“Not in the slightest.  In point of fact, last of to last of, aren’t you a little tired of carrying all that?  I mean we’ve heard the view of the villain, his victims, his followers, his creator, his jailors, his tempter, his punishment.  And, oh, of course, you don’t know; Baligostria acquired the jewel, it’s embedded in his palm.  So, to be utterly technical about this, you are no longer the last storm-demon.  He is.”
“How . . . ?”  Cala turned to Kuty and Kuty replied.
“It’s a library and I’ll explain it later . . .”
“But you girl, you seem a little pale in all this, a little lesser.  Though telling Althrea to choose her own path, brilliant.  Utterly brilliant, I applauded you for that.”
“You saw me then?”
“I see everything, everywhere.  I see Baligostria returning, I see the xi flying in their ships of nightmare and light to the south while the dran-centaurs dragon-like eat the grass.  I have seen every life and birth and death on Candra since its creation and I will bear witness to its end.
“I have seen Myr and Remliah, and Xara and Jiniz and Golain and Rhom.  I’ve seen it all baby, even terrible cliches as that.  Tell me, whatever do you think of my children?”
“We hadn’t even considered that, or them.”  Cala said.
“Well they are mine and I love them.  Doesn’t always mean I like them but I love them.  And because I love them I’d do anything for them.  Now why do you think I’m telling the two of you that?  Oh well, I imagine you’ll figure it out.  Kuty.  Now, to business.”
All the time she had been speaking the Hive-Mother had been lying upon the ground, her face pressed against it, now she strode up and went to Kuty.
“Ring.”  She said.
“Ring?”
“Of Korgius.  Yes.  Now.  Hand it over.”
“My mother gave me this ring.”
“She did, and right now it is drawing the attention of Byrgirou to you.  He thinks it will kill something, something he doesn’t want to be a part of it, but it won’t.  When he learns this he may become, irate, and I have a suspicion I’d probably be able better to bear his wrath than you.”
“But that isn’t right, you shouldn’t take this burden . . .”
“Enough!”  The Hive-Mother shouted and stared at the girl.  “No burden, my choice.  Stop hanging on to old things.  It’s over, everything of that time has been said.  Now, we are an old breed and it’s time someone kicked him back into service, time to dust off the mausoleum and build a garden.  And my child, that someone isn’t you.  I would have words with him and this is my best chance to do it.  Besides, I have a favour to ask.  Nothing complex, no evil witches to slay or dark lords to kill.”
“What’s a witch?”  Cala asked.
“Nothing important.  Here’s my favour, get out of here.  You were heading west before the giants intruded, well there’s a giant coming east named Algarda and another to the south with orders to stop him.  Don’t ask why.  Not important.  Now I can get you two somewhere safe and I can also make him think he killed you.  He does that his story is over and he goes home.  Hell, if I make it seem like an accident he won’t even feel guilty about it afterward.  What you say?”
“I say I’d like to see the world.”
“Good answer.”  And the Hive-Mother smiled and two saima came and in an instant they became mirror copies of the pair.
“Go west young men, go west, and when you see Algarda fall from the nearest cliff.  Ah, don’t worry they’ll be fine, they fall all the time.  Make certain he sees your broken bodies and you’re set.  Got it?”
“What do we do afterward?”  One of them asked.
“Well either stay on the ground pretending to be dead until you are or come back.  You figure it out.”
And like that the pair of them were gone.
“I love my children but sometimes . . . anyway, one second.”  
She went into the tower and came back carrying two scarlet tear-shaped amulets and draped their golden chains about both women’s necks.
“Teleporters.  Old dwarf technology.  Like to say it will be easy sailing but the things can only take you to the Ruins.”
“We’ll be fine.”  Cala said.
“Well I guess this is goodbye then.  Good luck.”
And in a flash of blue light the pair of them were gone.
And the shadow came to her then.
“How fares you old-mother?”
“Ah it’s you.  A sight for sore eyes indeed.”
“Byrgirou approaches.”
“Yes, weaker than before but still more powerful than any living thing.”
“That was quite noble of you, taking their burden from off their throats.”
“Nobility had nothing to do with it.”
As she spoke she slowly transformed back to a snake, growing larger each second she became.  “I forgave a lot of things in my existence, a lot of little and terrible grievances.  But I haven’t forgiven him his damned mistake.”
A coiling mountain of flesh rose up and circled round a finger of the mountain.
“I would have some very stern words with him.”
“And things were going so well.”  The shadow said.
Had any noticed, any truly seen, they would noticed etched inside the ring a shape.  It was a shape of a seven-fingered hand, almost microscopic, and growing from it the gem-blossom of some foreign thing.
And buried in the blossom Riarndreia waited patiently.



















Chapter Twenty-Four
The Temples of Scorn

Charr is fire.  It is composed of black continents of stone and oceans of molten crimson and there sits upon the throne of Charr a boy king.  In the ancient legends he came first from a world of water, his mentor and protector an immortal assassin, a being cursed to never die but linger on until the boy upon the throne be cast.
From wooden ships to obsidian towers, from blue water to scarlet burning earth he carried the boy to here and fulfilled his task and died at last.
And so the boy became the king of all the world.
With no one now to protect him when he needed protection most, since all those who claimed to serve could but with a whisper shatter him in the back.

Byrgirou turned to see Zar Zarada before him.
It was a strange sensation, seeing his creation like this.  They had fallen, seeking to kill him and for a moment, just a moment he had awakened to something older, something from his past.
Before they had been turned to this the thals had been a species driven by honour.  He could recall them walking between the stars and then to be diminished, to be cut down to this.
Instinctively he had let go, the first time in thousands of years.  
He had attempted to truly add to his creation.

Zar Zaradan at once became of two minds.  First was the initial sensation, the primary existence, but then, then something else took hold of him and without knowing why he knew it had likewise taken hold of them.
The thing in their midst looked down at the ground as if in shame.
And Zar Zaradan spoke for the first time.
“Who are you?”  He asked.
“I am no one,” Byrgirou said, and started to walk on, his wings trailing behind him.
“We have been changed, what did you do?”
“Nothing, simply provided something your people once had.  Something taken from you.  Of course if you want you can go back, I have allowed you to experience this but you can always become what you were.”
“What were we before?”
“Other than you are.  I doubt we’d be speaking civilly then though.”
And Byrgirou was gone.
And the shadow crept up to him then along the path to the Saimas’ Tower.
“That was incredible!  You finally created.”
“They weren’t perfect.”
“They’re better now.”
“I’ve just unseated thousands of years of history, they’ll have to become used to a new way of being.”
“You just released a people who had been incaged and let them wander among the stars again.  As an instinct.  Byrgirou, there’s hope for yet.”  A thunder-rumble was heard.  “Assuming you survive the next sixteenth day.”
“Why?  What do you . . .mean?”  And the Hive-Mother came to view.  “Ah.  What have you done?”  He asked.
And far in the tower of Hedar flittering bodies lighted up ever ascending into the black beyond like temples built of scorn.  Or women made of song.










Chapter Twenty-Five
The Throat of the Scarlet 
Mind Again 

Xymth in all its forests is filled of dragons and dashing heroes and damsels in distress and neath a silvered moon all might seek rest but day to day they change, dragon unto hero.  Woman unto man.
Until one cannot tell how the quest truly first began.

The Ruins were aptly named.  Cala and Kuty appeared in a blaze of light, blue light, and to every side were decrepit articles of stone, failed temples of scorn and structures built to service the glory of the dead.
Without waiting Cala turned west, quietly.  Kuty following.
And Jysraeri Brehe followed and kept quietly following them.
They reached the edges of the blackened Ruins and then noticed the pack of jalal playing with a labyrinth of bones.
Kuty had never seen them before, such creatures.  At first she assumed they were like the tiger-folk; they had fur certainly.  But no.  They were something else.
The proper name for them would have been panthers, save the bat wings jutting from their shoulders.  They were on all fours, several in a pile struggling, others with the bones, and before she could react one bent over her head and gazing at her upside down licked the bridge of her nose.
And Cala was before her and didn’t notice this.
Jysraeri Brehe looked into the soft pale eyes and she wondered how the girl tasted, then, realizing her own ambiguity in the thought moved closer to scent her blood.
Cala turned then from her hiding spot to see a jalal perched on a slab, her head bent forward over Kuty’s own.  And a terror shook her until Jysraeri Brehe looked up and sighing with relief Cala crept closer to the pair.
“Hello old friend,” Cala said.
“You know this being.”  Kuty asked.
“Oh yes, she knows me well, but what are you doing here?  It’s hardly safe, we haven’t eaten in some time.”
“We could only come this way.  It was beyond our control.”
“Well,” the lithe figure slid from the slab and turned the way the pair came, “follow me, and be quiet.  You were about to wander into a holocaust.”
And so led by the predator the pair went on their way.

How was this supposed to end?  The shadow asked himself.  How was this supposed to turn out alright?
The Hive-Mother had curled to her full height blocking out the sun.  Byrgirou could see embedded in her fang the ring, the ring he sought for.  She had it and she would give it him.
“I seek my property now.”  Byrgirou said.
“Then come and take it old-father, for this is richly deserved.”
“I have no quarrel with you . . .”
“You have a quarrel with all!  You abandoned your creation when it needed it, and you abandon it still!  You feared making a mistake even when you did right.  The thal are finally in repair.”
“But not everyone!”  He screamed.  “I couldn’t fix everyone, or everything!”
“That was never your job Byrgirou, never your responsibility.  It was never your task to set everything right, it was your task to create and let all things right themselves.  It was your task to do what was your nature.  Create.  Try your best.  I don’t fault you for this universe, I fault you for not continuing to try.  How many endless lands could have been fathomed from the time of Donegal and Yyaalis’ death til now?  How many trillions of beings could have existed had you simply continued on?  Including your own kin?”
“Give me the ring and I will set things right.”
A coil of her body streaked the sky and crashed into the reluctant god with all her might.
“First I’ll set something right by my own conscience.”  She said.
Byrgirou tossed the great coil from his shoulders struggling to stand.  Then he struck, his body looping upward against her throat, fangs thrust into her skin, growing to her size with every moment of the struggle they were in.  And with a toss of her head he was thrown into a face of rock and as he did so two pairs of eyes noticed him.
Algarda had seen Kuty and Cala die, had seen them racing away and then they fell, (oddly from what seemed a safe position,) and now content he was prepared to go home when the thunder fell.
And Hydraxaspe had finally appeared, finally catching up to Algarda.  And now close together both could see the battle looming.
And all thoughts of the women ebbed.
“What do we do?”  Hydraxaspe asked.
“We interfere.” Algarda said.
“For whom?”
“I don’t know but either side would be a glorious fight yet.”  And so the giant strode forward if but to take no side but his own.
And Hydraxaspe followed him, even unto death.

They reached the edges of the Ruins when the jalal caught scent of them.  Brehe knew they knew and almost turned to fight but by then Cala and Kuty were racing and she preferred to race with them.
Claws bit into the ground as bat wings drew back and a black tide was coming and Kuty almost preferred they had remained to stand against Byrgirou.  And then she heard the roar of something unhuman and impossible which streaked the sides of the mountains and seemed to blanket the stones.
And so no longer desired she had remained at the Saimas’ Tower.

Coils wrapt round his throat and Byrgirou struggled to breathe.  Before he would have easily subdued her but his strength almost gone, (he had used too much merely to increase his size,) and she was enraged at him and he only barely understood why.
Then he felt arms grasping at him and noticed the giants had arrived.
At first he imagined they had come to his aid then Algarda struck him across the face while paradoxically Hydraxaspe struck the serpent-mother of her kind.  They were trying to get between to stop the fight.  Or perhaps they were simply eager to prove themselves stronger than either kind.
Byrgirou struck then, claws raking Algarda’s face, ribboning it, but this did nothing to stop his ardour or his eagerness.  His task completed this new task took up the whole of him and deciding after listening to the shadow that this being had to create he decided he would provide him a new impetus.  Byrgirou would create a means to live or he would not live at all.  The giant decided it would make sure of that.
He was a good warden after all.
Hydraxaspe in comparison just wanted to stop the two of them before they shattered the mountains into glass.  The crag had already shifted from the weight of Byrgirou thrown and if the two continued they’d rain half the Serpent Mountains into the valleys below.
For her part the Hive-Mother just wanted to break something inside of Byrgirou and had no interest in harming the warden at all.  She lashed her tail out and struck Byrgirou, curling round the other giant in front of him then spit the ring directly at his mouth as it opened wide in rage and pain and he almost swallowed it.
But he didn’t.
And here is where Byrgirou learns the ring won’t do anything.  The shadow thought.  And he thinks he was angry before.
And for a moment, just a moment, in the Cyas Caves the haquil paused, just once, while their brethren waited patiently, and then when Byrgirou took human form, took the ring and placed it on his finger, imagining his triumph the haquil turned back to their observations of everything.
But watching also from the inside of the reluctant god now.
And in his triumph he remembered something the shadow had wished he had recalled.
Suddenly the Hive-Mother turned to a dreamer of Myr and with a flick of a thought the giants shrunk until the pair of them stood but a two-span’s length long.
“I have it,” he said, “I have it,” and the shadow came forward then, “and all your talk, all your spiel I will now put to an . . . end?  What is that?  What is that?  That’s Candra but it isn’t, the mountains are inverted with the sea.  Myr is red, Golain is abloom, Rhom has centipede princes thrust upon it.”  The human form of Byrgirou staggered forward suddenly, caught by the Hive-Mother herself.  “What is this?  What do I see?  I see the girl, I see Kuty, she is saying something to me, to let go, there in the gallery of the dwarves, I see myself there, I see myself creating in the company of my children.  They haven’t perished yet.  I see, what is this, what do I see?!”
“What is happening to him?”  The Hive-Mother asked.
“I don’t know.”  The shadow said, and in Byrgirou’s terror he relented and drew the shadow in, dissolving like seafoam on the surf and tide directly into him.
And Byrgirou as a man collapsed to the upper-world below.

Just before the other jalal struck something caught at them.  Glancing up Kuty saw she was embraced by a thal, as were Cala and Brehe as well.
They said nothing and obviously Kuty could do nothing to them.
And in a moment they had passed beyond the Ruins and the River Maijor and entered into the Fire Wastes.
A caravan was passing by, wagons moving slowly across the scarlet sands and without words the thals left them there and without words they but moved on again.
“What was that?”  Cala asked.
“I don’t know, but I think the Hive-Mother had something to do with it.”  Kuty said.  And a man approached the pair of them and stretched out his hand.

“He’s asleep.”  The Hive-Mother said to one of her children.  Byrgirou-as-human had been taken into the Saimas’ Tower and with him in his sleep went the shadow, his body placed upon a dais in an upper room as the sun came pouring in.
The giants had turned south by now, content of everything.  Baligostria would be pleased to know Algarda had not had the chance to kill the last storm-demon but she had died anyway. 
Perhaps he would not approve of that, not that it mattered anyway.  The story was over now, and they were going home.
Well, at least their story was over now, the Hive-Mother said to herself.  But whatever am I going to do with you, old friend?

























Chapter Twenty-Six
My Eyes Have Not the Strength 
of Summer Days

Jiadic is a land of grass where each blade sings, sings only to itself.  Each thread knows the song it sings and can sing no other things, no other symphony, can become no other word.
Until the grass is cut.
Then a new song springs from old.

He was standing upon Jiadic then.  Byrgirou had come here.  But it was not Jiadic.  Not as he remembered it.
No grass but crystals and they sang a song of glass not flesh and suddenly he was no longer there but had arrived on Remler.
Except it couldn’t be Remler.  Forests yes, but of stone and dragons yes, but the dragons wore armour and the humans were five miles long crawling on their bellies and the dragons hunted them with lances made of bone.
Myr?  He had come to Myr but Myr was not the creation he knew.  Scarlet and oceans grew then hardened into glass, then shattered, then became liquid then.
Remaliah?  A desert of white coral.  Xara?  A mountain peak.  Zenix?  A jungle, but of stony pieces scraped from the bodies of primordial things.
Nothing was set right anymore.
And then he caught himself being stared at.  By himself.
And Byrgirou strode forth to confront Byrgirou at last.

“What are you?”
“I am Byrgirou.”
“As am I.”
“Where am I?”
“You have journeyed beyond the glass that separates reality from reality.”
“How?”
“The haquil perhaps.  Yes I suppose one of them put themselves in the ring.”
“Why?”
“None had probably ever done such a thing before.  Simply put it amused them.  Or perhaps . . .”
“Yes?”
“Tell me about yourself.”
And Byrgirou did, there in a jungle of stone as whale-dogs about them walked.
And Byrgirou listened and he heard quite literally everything.
“Walk with me.”  Byrgirou said, and Byrgirou did.  And the pair of them had a talk.

They viewed the creation that had been made in ways similar to his own from whence he came.  But there were more  here, many more.  More than he could name.
And Donegal was alive.  And so was Yyaalis.
“So this is how all would be if they had not succumbed.”
“Where is Hyalgaria Izelon?”  Byrgirou asked.
“I do not know the name.”
“When Donegal died I brought him back, and her, and they in turn created Hyalgaria Izelon.”
“What do you mean?”
“They died and in time they were restored.  Many of my children have perished one way or anther.  Some died with their creation, some perished alone.  One wished to become a sun and so blistered into oblivion and another sought become night.  And she is just night still.  But I tried again, I set my heart to the task and I brought them forth again.”
And the shadow inside Byrgirou finally crawled out.
“Ah, hello there,” Byrgirou said and the shadow bowed to him, “my shadow,” the unreluctant god said.
“I have such a shadow as this, a plague upon me,” and at this his shadow too was freed and spent out into the reality now beyond.
And darkness gazed on darkness and abyss upon abyss.
And then just as suddenly one of the shadows turned back and blended behind his eyes again.
“You could learn a thing from him.”  The shadow said.
And then his shadow too also turned to him and in his thoughts he heard the whispering echoes of his fears.
“How am I to return to my own self?”  Byrgirou asked.
“Self?  What is that?”  The scarlet-headed god turned to the sun rising in the west of a country Byrgirou had never seen before.  “I know once I existed at time’s dawn but after my death I became another similar to myself.”
“You died?”
“Who do think wished become a sun?”  He asked.  “But one of my children created me, created me in the image of what I had been and so I imagine it was but a child who perished, when it was in fact my self.”
“What am I to do?”  He asked.
“Did you not seek to kill your darker half?  Die, here and now and I will restore you and you will know existence without any stain of this darker influence upon you.”
“How can I trust you?”
“How can you not trust yourself?”
And with such logic as this Byrgirou died.  He rose upward carried in the palm of his more powerful reflection and suddenly he created in himself something he wished to be.  A form of blazing light, and in a moment he was gone.
And there was nothing there, neither light nor existence and just as suddenly he was restored and placed upon the earth again, the earth created by Hyalgaria Izelon.
And the shadow now was gone from off him utterly.
He felt cleansed.  He felt as a house emptied and he imagined he could understand finally such perfect peace.
He stared at the sun and felt . . . nothing.
He stared at the ground and nothing seemed be there.  The sky, the singing crystal women floating on the breeze, his other reflected self.  Nothing was real to him now.
Inside of him was nothing.  He felt empty.  And recalling Donegal and Yyaalis and all his children nothing clung to him.  They were as shadows now become, as wisps of smoke or seafoam and were they standing in his midst he would feel nothing as if they had always been gone.
And he was alone and he felt nothing and he knew somehow he was cold.
They, in his likeness, had desired this, to achieve some perfect end, some perfect shape, some final end match-noted to perfection but it was an emptiness deeper than Zanaan.  And at the mention of the name he was there.
They were there.  But it was an odd world, unlike before.  And the beings there were human not kyrarai and they dwelled in silver cities by malachite stained seas.
And he longed, (but however could he long if he felt nothing?,) to feel something else.  To become.  To be.
And in his first action he brought bubbling to his thoughts passion, anger, some driving force embedded in everything.  And imperfectly it stained everything and yet those things existed now, even imperfectly.
And Byrgirou finally was.
And the shadow was Byrgirou and Byrgirou had become finally a part of everything he had sought to be.
“I miss them,” he said.
“You should,” he replied, “so start again.”
“It’s like tarnishing their memory . . .”
“Except of course the Byrgirou who knew them also now is dead.  You are someone else now.  Choose your own path ahead.”
And the universe closed then, and another and another, as he saw reflected back all of them, all those realities each un-lived possibility had brought forth as he saw the haquil and imagined them the editors of everything.
And he opened his eyes to the sun as the light kept pouring in.






Chapter Twenty-Seven 
The Jaguar Scorpion Shadow 
Prince of Time

Voienar is dull country occupied by wasp-kings who in their sunless towers sit upon thrones and ponder and imagine that beyond their kingdom lay nothing, while six moons overhead exist, and each on them cannot imagine there are beings who imagine all things are their dominion, and divinity.

The caravan lead to the port of Nubla and afterward the three journeyed into the city of the insect-kind.  It was a marvel of rare device unlike anything Kuty had ever seen before.  It was purple mixed with white streaks and the city’s buildings bulged like the hives of insects and the nubla trod the streets, and insect merchants of the insect-kind.
They were like preying mantids, (these were creatures Cala described to her,) and large and jewel-bright eyes of blue and violet perched on spindled necks and strange chitonous hands wove from them threads which hardened as ceramic or burnt clay.
The humans had already gone by now.  The caravan was heading from Pyral to the tent city of Phyr and though the humans seemed pleasant, almost nice, they were alien enough Kuty did not want spend long in their company.
And so they vanished as mist within a mirage.
The nubla stared at Cala and the jalal.  Brehe had come with them, the sleek-bodied creature who Cala knew but Kuty didn’t know how.
For some reason the humans feared her but in Cala’s presence they calmly accepted the claws, the fangs, the wings.
And Brehe seemed so utterly strange, marvelling at the city, licking at Cala’s hands, pressed close to her, and Kuty felt such a strange, and stranger thing.
Had she a word for it she would have called it jealousy.

In Bursania Baligostria made his plea.  Before the people he explained what he had seen, that he had seen his people called the galic in the time before, slaves before who had risen and become greater.
Odd as he approached, as he came in, the giants seemed stumbled and he realized in his polemic why.  Kyos was now theirs and theirs utterly, a whole realm added to theirs and as if like mist vanished in a mirage all thoughts of the monsters were vanishing.
Of course the younger generation already knew little of them, but now, now as he spoke he tailored carefully his words, seeing the bland expressions of the young children and realizing in an instant he had become a stranger in a strange land.
Had he a word for it he would have called it nostalgia.  He had become the last trace of a wistful longing only he completely understood.
Later, after his talk with those lieges of the lower lands he turned to the west and then something caught wickedly inside of him.
He didn’t have to stay.
Far to the west the dwarves lay and from them he could go anywhere.  He still recalled the continents of malachite his ancestors came from.  But, rather than taking the long way home he decided to go east.
He would take a swim.
But first he wrote down something, something important he now knew, etching it into the gates.
The beginning, the middle, the end.
Then he went off, stopped, returned to the runic words and added.
Start again.
And then he left, never to return.

Xiaosgo noticed the three and went out to meet them then.
“Ah, yes, please, please come in,” the insect clicked.  Cala bowed to him then.  She may have been uncertain in the Cyas Caves, (who wasn’t?) but this was her dominion and Xiaosgo a good friend.
Kuty came into a small work area where several small nubla were creating small ceramic bowls.
“Ah, pleased to meet you,” he said, extending a three- fingered, slender hand.  Kuty took it and the insect gazed at her with an oddly certain glance.  The jalal meanwhile had gone to a corner and nestled there as if on familiar ground.
“So how have you been Cala?  And whoever is your friend?”
“This is Kuty Hugut, and it is a long story.”
“I imagine so, but it hardly matters.”  A series of long clicks and suddenly the twelve smaller nubla rose from their seated positions on the wall and went to a back room.  “I can smell the adrenaline off you my dear.  You all need a good rest.  Oh,” he added turning to the back room, “if you want to sell the teleporter it would be wisest to go to the dwarves for that.”
“No, I don’t think we’re going there.”  Cala said.

They ate quietly, a small type of grub hardened like soft glass which somehow didn’t cut Kuty’s mouth at all.  They, all of them except Brehe, sat about a rounded table, sharing the meal which lay at the center, a large yellowed worm which the nubla considered a delicacy.
At least there was substance to it, Kuty thought to herself as she fed.
“So, the scoira are well?”  He asked.
“Yeah, we couldn’t stay too long and I doubt we will be welcomed back.  Long story.  Not important.”
“Of course.  And you Kuty?  Wherever are you from?”
“I think it mattered once but it doesn’t matter anymore.”  She said.  “Where do all the humans come from?”
“Well originally it was called Earth, visited it once, then they changed the name to Rhom about, how many eons ago was that . . .?”
“I meant the city here actually,” she corrected him.
“Ah, Pyral, the city of Pyral my dear.”
Is everyone on Candra immortal, she wondered, then realized she had only met a handful of beings and some like the scoira were certainly not long lived.  In fact considering all she had seen she had only met three, four if one counted the arisai, and long lived hardly meant immortal in any case.
“Tell me about Earth?”  She asked.
And so the insect merchant spent the evening telling the girl of Earth.  And of its beginning and its end and what had happened afterward.
And she listened and understood and that night she slept, dreaming of the vanished lands.
Cala was beside her in their bed but then Brehe came in, and crept, and Kuty turned to see black fur poised carefully near Cala’s face, one face pressed against her own and in a moment thought some hated thought.
And sleep but took her then.

Oddly realizing as she woke Kuty knew she had no place to go.
She woke and sat up in bed.  Cala had gone downstairs and Brehe had curled to a corner, seemingly asleep, but Kuty knew differently.
“Wake up,” Kuty said.  And Brehe pretended that she did.
The jalal crept over to the girl and stared at her eye to eye.
“You are such a peculiar thing,” the jalal said.
“And why is that?”
“You feel as I feel for her and yet you don’t know the word.  However did you meet?”
“Cala told you.”
“I can tell when she’s lying child.”
“Don’t call me child.”
“Finally a truthful thought from you.  I think we can be friends.”  The jalal slunk away to the door.  “Or at least interesting enemies.”
And then she was gone down the stairs.

The port of Nubla was a haven for many beings.  After so long running, searching, to find oneself in relative calm, with food, (relatively good food,) water, company, seemed almost astonishing to her.
Xiaosgo was a gracious host.  He had indeed lived a long time but seldom of the nubla had.  For some reason arriving here had shortened their natural age.
Cala introduced her to many of them, many beings she knew.  And Brehe.  Brehe never seemed to leave Cala’s side.
And the words from the Hive-Mother continued to reverberate in her ears and in her mind.  And because I love them I’d do anything for them.
Whatever did love mean?
She’d have to ask Cala.  At the thought of her name at the table Kuty felt oddly warm, then turning noticed Brehe curled to a corner and felt another thing.  A familiar hatred as of old, but it wasn’t old.
It was jealousy.

And far away with opened eyes Byrgirou stumbled to himself like some jaguar scorpion prince of time.




















Chapter Twenty-Eight
The Wine Dark Sea of Lost Delights

Vornas is a gas giant, a violet spinning storm and about it are nine moons, nine houses, each occupied by four-winged beings with their twig thin forms.  And each of them can brush into the skies of Vornas and know and seek become, while they forget the smaller world above.

“How do you feel?”  The Hive-Mother asked.
“I don’t completely know, but somehow,” he stood up, “I finally understand.”
On human legs he strode and noticed the ring had etched into his hand, had melted into his palm and etched into the metal was another hand and a gemstone blossom blistering out of it.
“Thank you.”  Byrgirou said simply and noticed his voice again.  When the shadow had been taken out of him he had spoken as a machine in that other place, had spoken without any trace of anything.
He had seemed similar here, separate from himself, but now he noticed his voice.  Finally and for the first time.
He sounded alive again.
Or had he ever sounded alive?
He stumbled and the Hive-Mother moved but with a gesture made her stop, and he fell.  He fell on alien legs to the cool flags and then rose up again.
Why had he ever feared falling so?  Now finally he couldn’t say.
“I must leave.”  He said, turning to her.  “I must leave to take back what was lost.  But first I must create some things here.  I can’t afford abandon my creation again.”
“Spoken like a true creator,” the Hive-Mother said.  “And whatever will you create?”
“I don’t know.  But at least it’s not too late to find out.”
And he stood in the sun and watched the mountains twist with shadows and he smiled and touched his chest as if recalling the memory of an old friend.

First I must create my form.
I must return to my true shape, not this alien guise I used to make fit some aspect which did not match myself.
Now, now I must turn and think, what is it I desire?  What want I?  What do I need?
I need my family restored to me.  I need to stretch forth a limb and let go for it will never perfectly come again but I remember and what are memories if not that?  If not something recalled one can never have again, but still somehow exist?
His features, their features, all their features, backward sons and daughters, backward to the source, back here in this moment upon the cliffs and shores of the upper world . . .
“Old-father?”
The voice is so familiar and I recall the voice and . . .
“Old-father?”
Her voice too, their voices also, his and theirs, and I am . . .
“Old-father?”
I am surrounded in the company of my children.
Why had I ever hesitated?
Because I have to accept these tears, this heart.  
I am.

And the Hive-Mother watched Byrgirou as he was surrounded in the presence of his children and his children surrounded one another as strength the old god felt and light came to his land.
“Well that’s a start,” the shadow almost said, or rather the thought bubbled in his mind which the Hive-Mother heard, and smiled, but still enjoyed the experience of war against the man.
It was hardly everyday one could fight a deity and later consider him a friend.

Brehe purred and slunk to a nearby pool of turquoise water to rest.
The jalal of the Orsanal Plains were usually quite dangerous but the nubla knew she was no threat.
Cala had somehow domesticated her.  Or perhaps somehow the two found a connection neither did expect.
And the words of the Hive-Mother kept racing through Kuty’s head.
And so she decided to go on walkabout.

Among the bazaars the nubla traded in strange things, ornate jewels bred from the eyes of gods, or what they claimed were gods, tomes of old lore with titles such as Arjada-a Cjhaot or Leaves of Grass.
The bazaars occupied a corridor of ground, the violet-white buildings bulging about creating in her deep recess of thought the imaginings of giants all around.
But there was no threat here or none beyond she found.
Outside of the city walls she gazed into the Fire Wastes and began her tread.  She didn’t know what she was looking for but she’d know it when she found it yet.
Cala was in the company of the nubla with a meal prepared, her self finally at rest.
And as she wandered eyes pierced her soul, glittering jewel-like eyes as a form shadow-like went splintering over the scarlet of the sands, seeming for a moment just like grass.
And Kuty wasn’t alone with her thoughts yet.














Chapter Twenty-Nine
Death on the Bridge of 
the Shadowlands

LeTron is a country of labyrinths, of grey-stone labyrinths where the sun dares not intrude.  And those of Le-Tron appear in the guise of men, of women, save this; they two faces have, four arms, four legs, their forms going opposite direction, so if they wish for forward or go back both halves must be in agreement or no motion will they preform.
And which way is forward and is back if both believe the way ahead they see is the only way which was?

What is it I am feeling? she asked.
Were she born human of an older skin she might have known stories, ancient stories of romance, tales of lovers but her knowledge had grown thin and her mother knew nothing of such thoughts.
“Though in truth the elves do not either child, so sing a prayer for them.”
Turning she saw a form itching across the sands.  It seemed a shadow but was blue, blue as those of Myr and yet was composed of a lump of flesh, perhaps?  Not a snake but serpentine, and then small insect-limb jutted and it slithered close to her.
Kuty drew her axe and the body cooled and slowed out of reach of her weapon’s touch.
“What are you?”  Kuty asked.
“I am Kuiliujudra, and I mean no harm to you.  I am of the moselantja.  Have you ever heard of us?”
“Yes, Cala mentioned your kind in passing once.  But she said you looked similar to elf or human cast.”
“True,” and with a gesture legs grew, breasts, arms and two wide eyes appeared in an almost lovely face, “and so in this moment I am.  But I can become quite anything, and so I think, yes you deserved an enemy more than friend.”
“Why do you come to me?”  The human asked.
“Strange term that really, human.”  In a moment the moselantja had become a human woman, her skin dark as night, her eyes pale pools.  “I have been human, strode into Pyral pretending to be human.  They are interesting, if alien, but you I think more intimately understand the way I feel.”
“Perhaps.  But I cannot return to what I never was.”
“And why should you!?  What would be the point of that?  No, one must move forward.  Knowledge cannot be denied.  But tell me, which direction is that?”
And suddenly Kuty turned in all directions and realized she didn’t know the way back.
“I do not know.” Kuty said.
“Exactly!  Well since we have no where to go why don’t I put on a show for you young human newly born?  Why don’t I show you a story while we wait for night to fall?”
“Why wait for night?”
“The port of nubla becomes ablaze at night, a star cast near the edges of the sea.  Child’s play to find it after dark, but for the moment,” the desert stretched in all direction suddenly, “I dare say if we go wandering aimlessly we’ll both die long before we reach our final end.  So, how about a story then?”
And Kuty in agreement sat and watched the artist work.

“Now this is a very old story from Earth, the story of Araxes and Acacia.”  As the moselantja spoke suddenly she became another human with scarlet hair and wearing scales of armour from what seemed a serpentine thing.
“Acacia was a warrior from the plains of Tlosque during the time before the end when the oceans dried.  She wielded a sword . . .”
“What is a sword?”
“I’m getting to that,” and suddenly a long taper of metal appeared in her hand, like a dagger but longer.  It seemed somehow impractical for such a heavy runic thing to wield, “and with it she sought the dark lord Astryonix,” suddenly she changed to a human in black robes, “who had killed her tribe.  Seemingly killed her home.
“Well as she journeyed she acquired companions, Araxes of the water, Maleron of the maze, Mistletoe of the night,” and so speaking became a broad shouldered human, than a slender one in robes, then a vampire like of the Moravan but somehow shifted in her shape.
“Acacia swore her heart to the first man to defeat her in battle, and Araxes won.  He fought and defeated her squarely . . .”
“So this is love then . . .”
“Hardly.  How do you arrange love with a test, with some criteria?  If I do this, this and that surely she will love me, surely he will fall into my arms?  Please, were such thing as all that . . .  no.  I was about to mention lust but let’s get through love first.  Lust sometimes follows after that.
“So the companions are en route to the dark king’s castle, he who has spent his entire life of utter villainy . . .”
“Villainy?”
“Evil.”
“Ah.”
“And en route they have many adventures.  They face dragons,” a dragon full of bright glittering scales she became, “they faced the creatures of the last ocean,” things of tendrils and tentacles appeared, “and in all this they fought together.”
Suddenly the moselantja became Acacia and Araxes, hand in hand staring across one to another.
“Soon our quest will be ended brave Araxes.”
“Soon will all our labours be concluded and the monster will be dead.”
Then Mistletoe was added, her hand amid theirs.
“Ditto.”  She said, and then vanished like seafoam on the mist.
“And so,” Acacia turned to Kuty then, “the companions journeyed on until they reached the castle and amid countless trials and traps reached the upper room, and there confronted the one who had caused such misery . . . and . . .”
“And what?”
“Killed him.”
“So the story concluded then?”
“Hardly.  Now they had to get on with the rest of their lives after all.  There was an old affectation the humans used, ‘they lived happily ever after.’  They tacked it to the end of many such stories,” the moselantja had become a light-blue-skinned woman again, her widened eyes easily four times the size of Kuty’s own, easily larger than those of any dreamer of Myr, “meant to show that after all the labours were ended everyone was at peace and no portion of their former stories clung to them then.  But how I ask you can one simply forget?  How can one simply ignore their past, or worse assume that whoever they were is gone?  Now, don’t get me wrong the past as they say is prologue but after all you’ve learned and done, what do you want to do with it?  How do you want to change the world?
“Knowledge cannot be denied.”
“What about love, you said you’d teach me that word.”
“Ah yes, you see on the way back Maleron, the dark-haired sage grew ill, the scholar sickened and Acacia realized in her heart he was the man he sought, except in his agony he turned to Mistletoe who gladly made him like herself.
“Acacia lost the one she sought while left with simply the one she thought to have, based on little more than an assumption of what she wanted.  And she died desolate and alone after that with but a small dragon as companion who seemed a reflection of the boy she’d lost.  Thus ends the story then.
“Now, tell me child, tell me truly, if Cala were here dying would you stay by her side, defend her, or escape?”
“I’d defend.”
“You’d protect, and why?  If you could escape?”
“Because she’s my world.”  Kuty said.
“Exactly.  Well night’s falling.  We should be on our way, though, you know, I could always turn into your mother for a time before we have to go.   I suspect you have some rough words to say to her.”
“Why would I do that?”  Kuty asked.  “It’s in the past.”
And smiling moselantja and human turned toward the bright and shining city of her new home.


Chapter Thirty
The Parable of the 
Javelin Thrower

Cedhe Ul-Luthis Talis is an endless world.  Utan Etalis sails overhead her and yet never can it reach even the corner of her garments, nor touch even the shadow of her robes, as all the world a woman was, and as if the moon would know.
The countries recede from one’s grasp forever and the longer one stays upon it the sooner one realizes the country one passes through never can they return for the land is endless here, stretching on forever; infinity and eternity inside a teardrop of existence, and yet, and yet, and yet . . .
Beyond Cedhe lay the world Anyrairyn, a place of harvests sent, and Inmdlhyryn a realm of ice and snow, and sometimes something flutters world to world, above or down below, a memory of spring or a scent of endless snow . . .

The jalal among the Ruins slaked their thirst on bones.  But Brehe now was gone.  She had always seemed a strange one who danced amid her food, who sang to those she should consume.
And yet the jalal when she joined them shied her not but rallied and fought and laughed and flew and cursed.  And fought some more.
It was a pleasurable company to be amid one who walked between those they sought to feed on and those they were.
And she was a wandering wind.
She’d return eventually.

The haquil moved between the walls of the worlds watching countless myriad reflections of themselves.
The utter endless varieties of possibilities caught wickedly in them.
Of course the plot threads seemed coming to a close.  Some imagined this was true though others thought perhaps their lens of perception had somehow become inversed.
Perhaps all this the prologue was, perhaps all of this time’s reckoning and they were nothing but an afterthought to await the actors yet to come and truly be.
Or not.
One gazed at a scene upon the Fire Wastes where human girl fought jalal for the prize of the woman both knew intimately.
Axe’s silver bit to air and fangs uncurled their subtle logic there and furs bent black with red and fair, fair features withered.  And Cala in-between they were, trying to seek amends but neither could give up or rest.
And one died and fell.  In one version of events it was Kuty, in another Brehe, in a third Cala caught between.
And onward into this arcane land went Kuty to the port of nubla with her shadow accompanying.

Byrgirou stood upon Cedhe Ul-Luthis Talis then.  The golden lands stretched in all direction, strange ziggurats of continents arranged against long labyrinths of ocean roads.  He could step from this exact spot and never find his way back again.
And far above his children revelled in their rebirth.
And his heart ached and he let it ache and slowly the wound closed over as if it were made of flesh.
But I am not the man I was, he thought.  I could not even be the man I am.
No, not man.  I am arisai.  And I am content.  That I am not content.
And his shadow sang no more to him for he felt it blistering rightly black against his skin.
It’s time to start again, he said.
And did.

“I’m reminded of a story,” the Hive-Mother said.  In the dark below the great chamber thundered with the sound of her breath.
“A story Hive-Mother,” one of the saima asked while countless others were tending to the ancient coils, each scale larger than itself.
“There was a being who dwelled upon an ancient plain, flat and featureless, and he was a javelin thrower, and this being, neither saima nor any species you would know of, decided to test his skill with his chosen craft.
“And he aimed, aimed utterly and perfectly and fired, tossing the great obsidian staff upward to the sky, watching it land in the middle of that endless, featureless land.
‘I’ve hit my target’ he exclaimed, though he had none to share his triumph with except the canvas of his art.  And the plains did not answer him.’”
“What was the purpose of the story?”
“Different possibilities.  Same claimed the story meant the javelin-thrower had perfectly hit his target, knowing the exact spot of a blank world.  Others that he had gone mad.  Personally I suspect the story meant perfection meant little if there was none to share in it.  Damn, I should have told that story to Byrgirou perhaps.”
“Hive-Mother, I suspect he now suspects this truth, or knows.”
Great coils of flesh rose up a moment as if the ancient being sighed.
“I suspect you’re right.  Not suspect.  I know.”
And the green fire licked above and the Hive-Mother slumbered, certain in her rest.

And finally, but finally Kuty returned home and the moselantja turned back to the desert to look where others might have lost their way at last.









Chapter Thirty-One
The Land of the Little Human Doves 
with the Strange Scared Masks There of

Eolthalia and Tsuanghi are two planets strung together, separated from the other by their parent star.  Red and green they swim the ocean of the night, knowing of each other intimately, all life on Eolthalia knowing of Tsuanghi and all of Tsuanghi knowing of Eolthalia yet never able to touch the other.
What silence and such loneliness would cling to such as these?

“What am I to you?”  Kuty asked Cala as she sat in a bone-white garden.  The question had blistered in her and she would have it answered now.  The nubla were elsewhere as Brehe had pricked her ears and stared up at the pair.
“Ahhh,” Cala said.  Stupid, say something else.
“Please, answer me truthfully.  What am I to you?”
And for a moment all Cala could think of was her first meeting with Brehe in the Ruins, how the jalal had run her down, licked the bridge of her nose, decided not to kill her and the two became fast friends, more, even though by all logic Cala should have been dead.
And the jalal had decided, why?, why had she decided to spare her?  She seemed like all other jalal and yet, for some reason she nestled her face against Cala’s own and that was that.
“Yes,” Brehe purred, “what is she to you?”
“Why do you ask?”
“I had a chat with a moselantja in the Fire Wastes . . .”
“So that’s where you went, I was worried . . .”
“Is that what I am to you?  Worry?”
And the jalal crept closer to the pair.  Now the circle closes, the jalal said in her heart.  Cala asked such a question of me once and I answered readily.
“No, of course not.  I don’t know what to say, exactly.”
“What did I tell you when that question you asked of me?”  Brehe asked.
The jalal had moved and was now rubbing her body against Cala’s bare legs.  And Kuty realized she did not like the way the jalal moved at all.
“You said you loved me.”  Cala replied.
“I said I love you.  So, if she asks the same question and the same answer presents itself, what do you say?  What answer now is left?”
“I love you.”  Cala said.  But she was not looking at the jalal.
“Good girl,” Brehe said, and strode on white-sharp talons into another room.  “Oh don’t worry Kuty,” she said, not even bothering to look back, “the word you seek in me, that word I see begging to be born upon your lips, that word means nothing to my kind.  Good luck.”
And the jalal was gone.
“You love me.”  Kuty said.
“Yeah.”
“Why?”
“I asked her the same thing.”
“What did she say?”
“She couldn’t answer me.”
“Can you answer me?”
“I can’t.  I just do.  I know if you were gone . . .”
“You’d mourn me.”
“Yeah.”  And Cala put her arm around Kuty’s shoulders and the two sat by a violet square pool upon a woven bench, staring at the moons rising up, scarlet and silver.  “I really was worried about where you went.”
“So where do we go from here?”
“Kiss her you idiot.”  A voice from the other room said.
And Cala did.






Chapter Thirty-Two
Wearing Masks of Bright Obsidian 
They But Moved on Again

Ensara and Hakkore are two worlds strewn together, grey and cool places where the sun but seldom seen is merely remembered echo of a remembrance at might have been.
And those of Ensara and all those of Hakkore can cross the barrier between; in lonely lands their company the tenuous thread of life becomes.

Donegal stood upon Ensara and likewise was standing upon Hakkore.  He had died.  He had remembered.
He had been restored.
I should have died with them he thought, then realized that he had.
I was true to myself, he said.  I will be true again, but differently. 
And out of Ensara and Hakkore small isles of bacteria began.  They clustered upward from the grey seas and across both lands they spread.  In a heartbeat they became larger, coalescing all together, in a heartbeat a history unwinding back.
They swept upward all together becoming larger with every step.
He wondered if they would have wings in time, or cloven hooves or wolf-faces, but perhaps another way they would portend.
And Yyaalis came to him then and the two sat gazing upward at the stars which seemed littered across black sands.
And then the pair went on while in another heartbeat the tahlregn became and wearing masks of bright obsidian they wandered hand in hand.  Wearing masks of bright obsidian they but moved on again . . . 





Chapter Thirty-Three
A Waiting Hunger That Will 
Not Rest or Burn

Trelevan is not a world.  It is a multitude.  First the earth itself like any other, and about it are a number of moons, each equal in its smallness to its parent form.  And about each moon is a smaller and a smaller one, each time an equal number of smaller pieces revolving about its parent, orbits within orbits without true end.
And on each Trelevan the same lives are lived, going on and on forever, a mosaic of a multitude similar and identical, so when one dies it seems a world dies with him . . . 

Byrgirou had returned to the Cyas Caves.
He had turned amid the planets circling their mad orbits athwart others so like themselves and now he stood at the sacred place.
Darsyap-Igel was there, still.  Forced to view all things which were not, could not now be himself.
Were there such a place as hell Byrgirou imagined such a place were this.
It was why none were meant to exist after their own end.
Of course he had ended and began again.  Am I the man I am?
An old question unimportant now.
Two options presented themselves to him.
He could simply leave the being here, this half-formed thing, and let it linger forever groping and searching for some escape, or free it, let it die.  Or give it a second chance, though surely that right belonged to the victims of the thing.
He could simply try again, erase whatever evil had been there and start again, but what was evil really?  What had drawn such actions on?
He could look within, define, autopsy, explain.  There were uncounted places where the meanings were assured, where the explanations mattered utterly.  He could have done all this because of some affliction or some ideology or some cancer-wise length-strewn to his heart.
But it didn’t matter.
Here in this moment robbed of all else Byrgirou was a creator and Darsyap-Igel a portion of his creation.  He couldn’t abandon him utterly.
He decided upon another tack . . .

All else Byrgirou stripped away.  Gone were scarlet versions of Candra or gardens of fire.  Gone the ice-spire age.  Gone all else but exactly as things were before.  He winnowed and cut a small piece of an alternate shape and let all things become the same.
Save that Darsyap-Igel didn’t exist.
He was not here.  And from the point of his absence all things had changed.
Taken from the course of his life Darsyap-Igel watched all things play out, and little changed.  Oh some things stayed the same and the kyrarai were not exiled but there was still war.  Still death.  Still someone took a villain’s place, if briefly, or not at all.  But all things moved on even with Darsyap gone.
After so long watching each life play out to see no life left . . . he began to change.
Then another, another Candra after it, with a subtle change, and again Darsyap-Igel was written out of it.  Then a few more and each time the gap of him remained.
But Byrgirou moved slowly, showing him Candra after Candra and then let him fade away, little by little into a pure nothingness.  And nothing of him remained, the last thoughts upon nonexistent lips muttering . . . “I did not make the world I made.”
And Byrgirou went on from the Cyas Caves content of all he did, and the shadow of him but following, following . . . happily.




Chapter Thirty-Four
The Elf-Land Murders, the 
Leaf-Land Murders Then

Kendra is a world of storms, of grey beaches echoed of worlds before, of old times, old memories, old ships splintered into foam.
Kendra would seem as though it were peopled all of storms.

After that night Cala and Kuty decided to journey north a time.  Brehe was returning to the Ruins but she would be back.
“Look after her,” she said, but Kuty wasn’t certain who she was talking to.
They took ship going north upon a nubla vessel woven of white and violet and in the distance as they sailed the city of the moselantja in the far distance could be seen.  Blue spires rose up like glass upon the Fire Wastes and Kuty and Cala could see them finally.
To the west of the waters lay the Isle of Moravan where the vampires slumbered, dreaming of past things.
To the north they came to the forests of Valari to see Cala’s home a final time.
They did not stay but remained upon the sleek prow of the ship, the nubla captain noticing as the elf pointed to the trees.
And she whispered to Kuty of ancient things, an ancient history and some elves appeared amid the oaks.  They seemed pale and frightened at the passing vessel and for a moment Kuty imagined she might go norther still, perhaps see the galleries of the dwarves.
Anything were possible but she wished for something else.
And as the ship turned back she noticed a figure in the surf, a hoary-headed hook-nose being rising from seafoam heading north.
So he is going in my place, the woman said to herself.
It was uncertainty which gripped the pair of them.  The quest were ended now.  Though hardly any quest as they’d understand the term, and that word itself anachronism, seldom used in a thousand years before.

They returned to the port after many days, after seeing the isle of Xymth below and the isle of Moravan and in the ancient bone bazaar there Kuty decided to learn a trade and under the guidance of the nubla began her education.
And clay was given her but she lacked the strength to fashion clay as they had nor could she weave as they wove from her very being.
And yet she laboured and she fought and there squatting in the bone bazaar she slowly turned the earth into something out of memory.
At first it seemed shapeless but she continued to splinter into the slowly hardened form and suddenly a limb appeared, and then another and another, and upon four legs she rested her creation.
Then the small silhouettes of wings, a scorpion’s tail, an oddly human face peering at her from herself, as if she were reflecting in the earth some deeper aspect of herself.
And when she had finished she had forged out a likeness of Byrgirou.
At night she slept beside Cala dreaming strange dreams.

There was a parchment and an instrument to write with and Kuty began there beside the square pool of violet water.
And she slowly poured out a story of a murdered woman upon the grass, of a woman dead and the story grew, and grew, the leaf-land murder and the murderer, and the more she saw she less she could understand.  In cool deserts of darkness by daylight Kuty wrote a new mythology in her head.
She imagined someone who uncovered the killer and brought them to account.
Xiaosgo appeared in her dream, the wanderer who long ago had visited ancient Earth.
“A mystery story,” the nubla said, “an excellent form to use.”
“When the story is finished and all the actions are tied up what will happen then?”
“Either a new story takes the place of the old or the old is repeated again.  Tell me, who is your murderer in the tale?”
“I think it is myself.”  She said.

And in the waking world in the great forests an elfin body lay rotting and none bothered to bury it.





























Chapter Thirty-Five
The Walls Between the Worlds 
Have Broken Fast Again

Ichelia was known as the lawyer’s moon for all the myriad laws were gathered up as like gall to it, all the myriad laws.  And eventually, but eventually so many laws were made and stored in their mausoleums, their ziggurats of tomes it was impossible to take a step without committing some small wrong.
Of course the law is one thing and justice is another.

The gates appeared then.
They had been absent but in a moment they appeared.
It flickered for a moment, the life’s blood of the arisai.  It was blue, bluer than the light and a blue-skinned woman glanced thru and a man of grey, a woman with sixteen arms, insects of golden armour and even the great ziggurats of Ichelia could be seen.
And suddenly, all too suddenly there was much more to explore.
Names tumbled as from an hourglass; Jyrra and Ololex, Escaliet-reia and Caelfeld, Twerule and Solixa and Ryamcaliru, and Locheby.  And with each word new strength was added them.
But one name eluded still.
Ledhia had not been created yet.
And so Byrgirou bent his labour to the task, drew up his breath and prepared his final act . . .










Chapter Thirty-Six
The Land of the 
Leaf-Feathered Women

Dularia is a jungle whose only occupants are spiders invisible who invisibly tend their webs.  And a girl came, she who arrived in their sanctum and became as queen to them, though such as this should not be.
How could a girl become a god to them, who she couldn’t even see?

And Ledhia was created then.
Green grass, great oaks and a river running through it and with each step unknowingly Byrgirou added to his creation.  Fur-tinged bodies, racing thunder, yellow lakes of eyes though now they were but lakes, and hidden thoughts became an aspect of the place.
And Byrgirou with each step created a continent and then a thought was carried him to a garden round and there he watched the leaf-feathered women passing by.  Were he aware of it he might have imagined they were pieces from the last storm-demon’s dreams, somehow arranged here in the moment, walking by slender as a branch.   To the heart of the emerald garden the leaf-feathered women went.
And one of them was a murderer, born to condemn and catch.

He watched a moment and gazed at them.
They stood within an amphitheatre, each moving in concert to an unseen command.  One took the role of victim, “and here I stand, and here I make my stand,” another become murderer, “I stick my dagger here and here and here,” a third uncovered the crime, “you art accused!”  And a fourth passed judgement on the guilty, “you are guilty.”
And then the roles changed.
She who had been victim became murderer, the murderer the uncoverer of the crime, the passer of judgement the victim.
But the drama remained the same.
And Byrgirou watched transfixed never knowing that the faces of the leaf-feathered women there, the faces of the women in their green peacock-feather bright wore Kuty’s face as their own.  Like a mask.  Like a mask might be worn and yet somehow unknown.	
And Byrgirou wandered the grounds of his new creation unknowing how they had been created or what thought guided the old-father’s almost-hand.
And Kuty in her sleep turned and opened eyes, saw Cala’s face across her own and smiled and slumbered with her hand in hand.

























Chapter Thirty-Seven
The Dark Unbeguiling 
of Her Spirit

Charon is a far country once asleep but in the covened places of the hills swept dreams which, in taking form, drew off the nature of other realities.
Some became as dragons, some as knights, some acquired sixteen arms, insect armour, golden blood, some sighed with a crystalline quality.
Some merely sighed.
But of the dreamers themselves?
None could know the true formed shape of them.

Beginnings are easy.  I said that at the start.  It’s easy to start something, much more difficult to fathom the end.
Cala and Kuty dwelled in the city of the nubla where she became a great artist, beloved of her sculptures.
Or.
Cala returned to exploring other hidden corners of Candra, Kuty by her side and eventually they even journeyed south so far they encountered the hidden xi, the ant-born insect princes with their ships of nightmare, light and fire which once had swam across the skies and somehow made them become a part of the world above.
Or.
Cala and Kuty remained in Nubla a time but then decided to head north after all, arriving at the dwarves’ galleries and there booked passage off-world where eventually, just by chance, they arrived at Ledhia and somehow all the pieces fit together how they all bore the faces of the face that she previously alone once wore.
Or.
Cala fell ill of some illness and Kuty journeyed to the Cyas Caves to find some remedy and either found a way to save her in the company of the haquil, or not.
Or.
Flip Cala and Kuty and all else remains the same.
Or.
Or they died.  One or the other, of something, anything, something minor or unimportant, or extremely important.
But they died.
And.
And the survivor mourned the loss of her beloved and then mourned some more and either let despair and the fears consume her or moved on, perhaps to the forests of Valari, the city of Pyral, the lands below, the worlds above, and somehow found another.
And.
And she started again.
And that story hasn’t been written yet and in truth any of these stories could be the truth, or more, or less.
One doesn’t know.
One simply must pretend.






















Chapter Thirty-Eight
You Are What You Leave Behind

Ledhia was the first which Byrgirou created after his long absence from all things, where the leaf-feathered women dwelled in their citadels of memory.
They preformed the great rituals, ancient recollections, and some became Oedipus, or Macbeth, Hamlet or Kyskalios, Marciela Blyime or the little king singing at world’s end, or edge.
And some departed, going to other worlds, performing their ancient craft across creation and all the tragedies of being and all their myriad possibilities, all the gardens of forking paths.
And Byrgirou was content.
And he was gathered to his people in the fullness of his days.
And the shadow slithered on the grass of Ledhia’s long luscious fields, sang with pipes an hourglass and when the final dust-wind fell, smiled.
Of course Byrgirou would return in time.
But for the moment, that was that.

Baligostria strode to the great grey gallery and stared down at the minute beings in his wake.
The vessel loomed before him, designed to accommodate anything to anywhere in all creation’s sake.
“Are you ready?”  The clean-shaven dwarf asked and he nodded his reply, entered the silvery doors seemingly of winter, strapped himself in and in a moment he would fly.
He did not know to where, but it hardly mattered.
He had time.


