The Shadow Thief

By K. L. Bauman

Copyright 2013 K. L. Bauman

Smashwords Addition


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Acknowlegments
Thank you to my instructor, Kristi Collier from Institute of Children’s Literature, for helping write the first draft of this story. Your help was invaluable, and I enjoyed learning from you.
A HUGE thank you to my Mom,sister, mother-in-law, and sisters-in law for reading and re-reading, looking for errors. I appreciate your long hours and support. Thanks to my dad for helping me keep my imagination young and for allowing me to have horses out on the farm. Thanks to my husband, Donald, for inspiring me to go after my dreams, even when it isn’t easy. Thanks to my two girls, Kira and Myah, for keeping me young and helping me have a child-like wonder about the world around me. (And thanks to Kira for inventing the wolfix!) Mostly, thanks to the Lord for giving me insight and understanding, and for being the first to forgive, even when I didn’t deserve it.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


Chapter 1 ~ New Born
Chapter 2 ~ Two Years Later
Chapter 3 ~ Discussion Over a Plate of Worms
Chapter 4 ~ Inspiration
Chapter 5 ~ Strange Encounters
Chapter 6 ~ Letting the Cat Out of the Bag
Chapter 7 ~ Elightening
Chapter 8 ~ Becoming
Chapter 9 ~ Kavalah
Chapter 10 ~ Deadly Handshake
Chapter 11 ~ The Secret Place
Chapter 12 ~ Cage
Chapter 13 ~ The Hunter
Chapter 14 ~ “Nothing is Certain”
Chapter 15 ~ Envy of the Elves
Chapter 16 ~ Discovery
Chapter 17 ~ The Dragon’s Tooth
Chapter 18 ~ Three Magical Creatures
Chapter 19 ~ A meeting at the Crossroads
Chapter 20 ~ Song
Chapter 21 ~ The Crystal Key
Chapter 22 ~ The Beginning of the End
Chapter 23 ~ The Fate’s Fury
Chapter 24 ~ A Crash Course in Tree Hopping
Chapter 25 ~ Secret Keepers
Chapter 26 ~ Truth
Chapter 27 ~ Unfathomable Reality
Chapter 28 ~ Surprise
Chapter 29 ~ Secret of the Sun’s Heart
Chapter 30 ~ Apples and Old Friends
Chapter 31 ~ Tomorrow Night
Chapter 32 ~ Final Moments
Chapter 33 ~ The Battle Begins
Chapter 34 ~ Sibling Rivalry
Chapter 35 ~ Belzac the Doon
Chapter 36 ~ The Power of Forgiveness
Chapter 37 ~ Echo’s Purpose

Spiritual Specials

About the Author

Connect with the Author Online



Chapter 1
New Born

Amazing how something so simple can be so beautiful! Echo thought. She watched the light of dawn sparkle against small orbs of water clinging to the jagged branches of the thunder trees.  Tiny dew fairies moved inside the droplets, busy doing whatever it was that dew fairies did, their lives beginning with the formation of the dew and ending when the sun burned away their watery shields. Occasionally, one droplet would roll along a branch and join another as the fairies came together.
Golden sunlight warmed the cool morning sky. The surrounding hills held a contrasting blue tint as misty silver snakes uncoiled from around them.  The sweet scent of damp earth and grass filled Echo’s nostrils as she breathed deeply and followed her family along a narrow path through thick trees.  As her dad limped toward the openness of Thildin Valley, he slowed and then stopped, raising a hand as signal to join him quietly at his position.  Echo and her mother, sister, and brother cautiously approached.
“There,” Echo’s dad whispered, pointing a nub where a finger should’ve been toward a clearing in the grass ahead.  He signaled again and everyone hid behind the trees, peering around their jagged trunks, eager to see but not be seen.
Excitement tickled Echo as she watched a lone mare, as bright and golden as the morning sun, rise from the ground.  Steam danced from the mare’s glistening body as she trembled, but purposefully spun around and lowered her head.  She tenderly nudged something in the shaggy grass and nickered softly. 
A tiny golden head rose from the grass as the foal took in its first images of the world. A fuzzy ribbon of white--the foal’s wispy mane--trailed along its small but graceful neck.
Echo flipped the single thick braid of auburn hair over her shoulder and grinned at her dad before returning her attention to the mare and foal.  It had become tradition with Echo’s family to witness the birth and first moments of life of the elves’ highly prized horses.  Echo’s father, Oran, had been entrusted with the care of the magnificent creatures after saving their beloved stallion from a shadow dweller’s trap on the Dragon’s Tooth--a strange, lone mountain that jutted up from the Diern badlands bordering the eastern edge of their home, Thildin Valley. He’d injured his leg and lost some fingers, and nearly his life, to the frost wraiths in the process. He had always claimed with a twinkle in his brown eyes that reckless curiosity had driven him up that frozen rock. Why or how the stallion had been there remained a mystery.
Having been given the duty as caretaker over the horses was proof of the elves’ tremendous gratitude--it was an honorable charge that was usually given exclusively to elves. Echo’s dad was the first human to be granted the post.
That had been before Echo or her siblings had been born.  She’d been coming to the valley with her family to watch the newborns for fourteen years, her brother, Brecker, for sixteen, and her sister, Mari, for eleven.  They each took turns giving the new foal a name, and today it was her turn.
The sun stretched over the hills, embracing the animals in the warmth of light.  The rest of the herd stood a good distance away, their coats glistening different colors like a collection of jewels.  A magnificent blood bay horse, the stallion, trotted back and forth as he guarded the mare and foal.  His mane and tail danced in a flowing manner, like black silk, as he kept close watch over every movement in the valley, ready to protect and defend.  Echo noticed her dad watching the stallion as if entranced; the horse had always had a strange effect on him.
All attention turned to the mare as she licked the small chestnut mass until its fuzzy hair was clean. The foal released a strange squeak, attempting to use its voice for the first time.  Echo and her sister looked at each other and giggled. “Echo! Mari!” their dad whispered as he put a finger from his good hand to his lips as signal to keep quiet; however, a youthful twinkle played in his eyes, betraying his enjoyment of the moment.  Their mother’s face beamed as she rested her cheek against her husband’s shoulder, her blond hair brushing his face.  She held parchment and a pen, ready to log every detail. Checking the position of the sun, she jotted down the time of birth.
The foal attempted to stand as the mare nickered encouragingly.  The tiny new horse made a valiant effort to rise from the ground before collapsing.  The mare rubbed its neck affectionately with her soft muzzle.  The foal rested for a moment and then slowly forced itself to move.  Echo gritted her teeth, feeling the foal’s struggle as if it were her own.  As the newborn strained, Echo found herself cheering it on in her mind, wishing it to feel her strength and encouragement. You can do it! Stand up!
With one great heave, the foal was standing on straight but shaking legs set a little too far apart.  Wide blinking eyes surveyed the area with wary curiosity.  Flecks of brilliant white trailed from its forehead until they converged with a lopsided star on the bridge of its nose, just above the tiny nostrils; its mane and tail, as white and soft as summer clouds, complimented the design.  The foal seemed frozen as it stared straight ahead--directly at Echo.  A strange excitement washed through her as she gazed back into those glassy eyes.  It was a simple, beautiful moment. She almost felt connected…
The moment was broken as Echo’s dad whispered, “Nice straight legs--very strong.”
The foal lowered its head and, with great effort, moved its legs until it had turned a complete circle.  It was a filly.  As she turned again, the sunlight reflected strangely on the filly’s back, causing Echo to gasp.  She swore, just for a moment, she saw a small set of shimmering wings sprouting from the foal’s back.  But it was gone in an instant.  It must’ve been a trick of the light, she thought.
The filly made its way to the nickering mare and began to nurse.  As the life-giving liquid strengthened the young horse, Echo’s dad turned to her and whispered, “Well, it’s your turn, Echo.  What will you name her?”
She didn’t even give it a thought.  “Shimmer,” she said.
Echo’s brother snorted, “Shimmer?  That’s about the dumbest name I ever heard!  Why not ‘Gold Star’ or ‘Morning Comet’ or…”
“Brecker!” their mother scolded quietly.  Brecker shrugged and shook his black hair.
Feeling unusually firm about her decision, Echo looked into Brecker’s face.  “Her name is Shimmer.”
Echo and her family weren’t the only ones watching the morning miracle. Behind them, a curious being melded with the trees, observing every detail; and, opposite from where they stood, a strange shadow lurked among the crags at the border of the Diern Badlands--a shadow with bright orange, all-seeing eyes.


Chapter 2
Two Years Later

Echo cursed herself for not paying attention to her surroundings while she could still see. With her fingers, she pressed the soft, earth-colored cloth that blindfolded her eyes, causing shocks of colorful designs to disrupt the oppressive blackness.  She trembled as she leaned against a spongy trunk of a canopy tree, the tangy scent of the tree’s oblong white fruit teasing her nostrils.  Sound flooded her ears as birds and insects sang, buzzed, and chirped noisily around and above her. Her soft green, light-weight shirt stuck to her back where droplets of sweat had formed.
The voice of the elvish instructor, Dorian, reverberated through Echo’s mind, “Use every sense in your possession to identify and confront an opponent—every sense except sight.  If you encounter a shadow dweller, chances are you could be fighting in darkness.” Even though some shadow dwellers took on more solid forms, many were as their name implied--shadows.  Echo’s stomach knotted at the thought of confronting a shadow dweller.  She hated darkness and the things that lurked in it. How could anyone ever fight a shadow anyway?
 The sixteen-year old strained her ears for any unusual sounds.  Other than the incessant bird song, she heard nothing but the fingers of the wind combing through the thick, mushroom-like canopy of leaves and branches overhead.
The rhythm of Echo’s heart increased as a foul scent insulted her nostrils.  And--she caught and held her breath--footsteps!  She quickly but silently released her breath, remembering Dorian’s warning, “Never hold your breath in tense situations.  You might forget to breathe again and lose consciousness.”
Tightening her grip around a short, wooden staff, Echo attempted to calm herself and pay attention.  The footsteps were barely noticeable, but closer now.  Her heart sent electric pulses through her veins and her muscles tensed.
Echo yelled suddenly and thrust her staff into her opponent.  From the sound of the shouting voice, she determined her adversary was male.
“Sorry!” Echo shouted and then felt a hard jab to her ribs.  Gasping, she doubled over, but raised her staff in time to block the next blow.  With catlike reflexes, she made three more solid connections with her staff.
“Sorry! Sorry!  Oh, sorry!” she apologized with every hit.
Echo thought she heard a whisper of a laugh and then--nothing.  A tickling sensation rippled down her spine as vulnerability washed over her.  She jerked around at the sound of a bird fluttering in the branches.  Her heart pounded in her ears, dulling her sense of hearing.  The pungent scent was still there, though.  Her adversary remained close, and she remained blind.  Panic reared in her chest, pounding its sharp hooves against her heart.  I can’t do this!
Suddenly, Echo’s legs flew out from beneath her, and her back slammed into the ground, knocking the wind out of her.  Some type of cold, hard weapon pressed against her chest.
“Too slow!  You’re dead, human!” the cocky voice of an elf danced over Echo’s face.
Before Echo could react, the weight of her adversary suddenly lifted from her body, accompanied by a growl she recognized as her brother’s. Breathing heavily, Echo removed the scarf from her green eyes.
Brecker was still blind folded, but seemed to hear every movement as he kept his staff pointed directly at the elf that had sparred with Echo; the elf, Thalen, who was also Brecker’s friend, wore the hide of a vonima beast--a hideous, smelly, buffalo-like creature.  Echo shuffled against the dirt as she scrambled to a standing position.  “Stay back, Echo!  I’ll take care of this,” Brecker stated.
Feeling her cheeks redden, Echo muttered through clenched teeth.  “I didn’t need your help.”
Brecker was completely focused on the elf.  With blindfold still intact, he sparred with his adversary for several minutes.  In spite of her anger, Echo couldn’t help but admire her brother’s crisp movements.  He never missed a beat, and the recently over-confident elf struggled to keep him at bay.
Before Brecker could finish his assault, Dorian appeared with Echo’s elf friend, Alena, and halted the exercise.  Alena looked as if she’d been bruised on the arm by Brecker’s staff.  He must’ve sparred with her before coming to Echo’s “rescue”.
After Dorian halted the exercise, Brecker removed the scarf from his sweating face, ruffling his short, onyx hair and revealing a scowl directed at Echo.  “You won’t ever be able to do this if you’re afraid to cause pain, Echo!”
She cast her gaze to the ground, ashamed and irritated with herself.  She’d failed another important test. She couldn’t help it, though.  Echo wanted to become a defender to stop others from causing pain.  It just felt wrong for her to inflict pain on others.
As if reading her thoughts, Brecker continued, “If you don’t cause the enemy pain, they’ll be more than happy to dish it out to you.  I can’t always protect you.”  His tanned face softened as he put his hands on her shoulders and looked down at her.  She knew he meant well, but irritation tapped Echo’s shoulder under her brother’s touch.  She wished his opinion didn’t affect her so much.  “You have some amazing skills when it comes to training. I’ve seen you fight impressively. But if you don’t get over this softness, you’ll never make a great defender.”
“Observe the trees,” Dorian’s gentle voice interrupted.  With his continuous, contagious smile, their elf instructor was always ready with a lesson.  He gazed at them with reflective eyes set on a thin, young-looking face with high cheek bones and arched brows; his hair was shorter than most of the male elves, but was still long enough to occasionally fall in his face and to curl from behind his pointed ears and long neck.  The smooth color of his hair and sparkling eyes reminded Echo of melted chocolate.  His long, lean frame was distinctively elf. No human would ever be as graceful.
“Something pliable is able to endure much more resistance than something hard and brittle.  These trees,” Dorian gestured with his hands and everyone gazed up at the umbrellas of the canopy trees, “have weathered centuries of terrible windstorms and other hardships because their trunks are soft and flexible, and their roots run deep.” He smiled warmly at Echo, causing his thin brows to arch higher on his forehead.  “Learn to use pliability to your advantage, and you will be unbreakable.”
Echo felt her spirits rise, in spite of the disgruntled look on her brother’s face. She would prove to Brecker, and herself, that she could become a great defender.
Later, as the group strode back into the elf city of Thildin, Echo’s younger sister, Mari, waved cheerily to them from the same stone path Echo and Brecker had raced over earlier that morning. She quickly stopped waving so her right hand could help balance the usual stack of books she carried in the crook of her left arm.
Echo smiled as Brecker affectionately whispered a teasing, “Here comes the walking library!”  Mari walked through the elf city, its sand-stone pillars solid and polished from centuries of weather and articulately formed by the skilled hands of the elf architects; the pillars seemed alive as birds and butterflies fluttered in, out, and around creeping vines that embraced them. Simple but beautiful fountains sparkled cheerily, making music of their own design.  The sun shot beams of light through the trees, illuminating the city with a warm glow.  Elves of every age smiled and nodded at them as they passed.
As the group approached, Mari asked, “How was your training session? Were you late?  I heard Dad talking to you this morning.  Do you think Mom heard?” A mischievous gleam shone in her light brown eyes.
Their dad had confronted Echo and Brecker in the hall that morning. They’d been sneaking out during insanely early hours to defender-train with the elves. “Another early morning?” he’d said, nearly causing the two teens heart failure.  Then he’d chuckled, a sound as refreshing as water rolling over rounded pebbles, and spoke of one of the strange devices from the Other World where he’d been raised, “I wish I had a camera! You should see your expressions!”
“Look Dad, we just…” Brecker began, but lost his words--something very uncharacteristic of him.
Oran shook his salted dark hair and said, “You don’t have to say anything.  Just don’t treat me like I’m stupid, okay?” He’d turned to retrace his path to the upper level of their home before he stopped and turned to them again. “You’d better get going.  Dorian will be waiting.”  He’d pointed a finger at each of them in turn, “Just don’t be late for chores.  And, be careful, Brecker,” he’d said firmly, focusing his attention on his only son. “I’m counting on you to look after your sister.  I don’t want anyone getting hurt--and I don’t want to have to explain things to your mother just yet.”
Echo knew her mother, Kiani, didn’t completely trust the elves. Aside from fearing their unusual magical gifts, the human villagers felt the elves hadn’t come to their aid when they’d needed it in the past.  Many believed the elves would someday use their knowledge and skills to take over the village where Kiani had been born and raised.  Echo disagreed.
On top of her mistrust of the elves, Kiani wasn’t fond of the dangers of defending.  Her father owned the inn at one of the three villages that formed a crescent along the western edge of Thildin Valley.  She’d heard countless stories of defenders dying in battle.  Sadly, the one defender’s story Kiani could never forget was her brother’s.  He’d died fighting a sorcerer.
Bringing her mind to the present and ignoring Mari’s questions, Echo asked her, “So when are you going to join us?  Shae Vale could always use more defenders.”
Brecker shook his head, half smiling.  “You know you’re fighting a losing battle.”
Echo shrugged and looked expectantly at her sister for an answer.  Mari pursed her full lips into a thin line before answering, “Why would I want to waste my time hitting and stabbing things?  Discussing things in a civil manner would be much more productive.”  She flipped back her long, dark blonde hair as if to emphasize her point.
“Sorry, Mari, but as much as I would like to agree with you, most beings lack the intelligence to discuss anything in a civilized way.  Physical aggression is the only thing they understand,” Brecker commented.
“Well, that explains why you enjoy physical aggression so much,” Mari stated, giving her brother a wide smile.  Echo laughed, admiring her sister’s sharp wit. Brecker looked unhappy.
The rest of the morning was filled with lessons on elvish writing, music, and history. Their instruction was another of the elves’ show of gratitude--their father had been promised that his offspring would be brought up to know more about the elves than most humans.
Echo found the history lessons intriguing.  Dorian did his best to touch on all the history of Shae Vale, their world.  Subjects ranged from the first dragon sightings to the Doon Wars to the fall of the great elf king, Elrohir, and to the rise of the evil sorceress, Degus.  She was the main inspiration for Echo and Brecker’s decision to become defenders.  Polluting the lands, water supplies, and the minds of the inhabitants of Shae Vale, Degus was powerful and full of darkness.  The effects of her work had seeped into the Thildin valley, corrupting the once good people of the tri-villages and causing darkness and mistrust to flourish.  She was also blamed for the increased attacks by shadow dwellers; kelpies, hags, doons, water wraiths, and other frightening creatures that lived in physical or spiritual darkness—or both—and preyed on the weaknesses of others.
Brecker was reading a weathered scroll intently.  He raised his head, setting his eyes on Dorian thoughtfully. “History seems to repeat itself a lot,” he said.
Dorian replied, “History can be similar to the moon cycle or the rising and setting of the sun; what once occurred can very well occur again. There must be a balance of dark times and of light times.”
“So, all the bad things that have happened will happen again?” Brecker waved at the parchment and shook his head.  “The shadow dwellers were defeated but King Elrohir’s cousin Lagos, who was an evil sorcerer, rose up.  Then Lagos was defeated, only to be replaced by an even more formidable foe, Degus.”
Dorian smiled, “You have good insight, Brecker.  But you have overlooked the positive. The past also gives hope for the future,” Dorian said. 
“How do you mean?” Echo asked to the furious sound of her sister’s pen capturing every word on parchment.
“Just as Elrohir’s cousin was defeated in his time, Degus will eventually meet her own demise. And, like the moon cycle, there will be a time of light after the darkness.”
Brecker asked, “But, if history keeps repeating itself, won’t she just be replaced by some other dark force?  Isn’t there some way to stop this mad cycle? Why can’t we stop it if we know it’s going to happen?” His face was set and ready for a debate.
Dorian was thoughtful for a few seconds before answering, “Those are excellent questions.  Let me respond by asking you a few questions of my own.  Can you stop the moon, even though you know it will reach a time of darkness?” He looked at each of them in turn and continued, “Can you foretell who will be the next villain?  Will you be able to predict when that villain will decide to make his move?  There may be a time of peace, a time of light, when Degus is gone.  It could be a hundred years before the next villain arises.”
Dorian’s face sobered as he gazed into Brecker’s eyes. “Who is to say what may drive someone to become evil?  Most darkened souls were not always that way.  Many were led into the darkness by lies and temptations. Once good folk, for whatever reasons, become entangled with forces beyond their ability to resist.  Anyone can become evil as all have darkness within them.  Predicting who will choose to become evil is a gift not even our most insightful watchers possess.”
“Well, I would think weeding out those who steal, murder, and live in the shadows would eliminate several of the greatest candidates,” Brecker commented.  “Why not take the filth from the world while taking the next greatest villain out at the same time?”
“Brecker!” Mari scolded.  She looked at her brother as she stated passionately, “Not everyone who steals or murders is evil.  Sometimes they’re caught in circumstances beyond their control.  Sometimes, they’re just lost and alone.  Sometimes they just need someone to care about them, to love them, someone to understand them.”
Brecker rolled his eyes, “Oh, please! Let me get my violin!  I swear, Mari, you’re softer than Echo!  You won’t be able to save anyone with books and talking.”
Echo’s blood burned her veins at her brother’s insensitivity.  Before Mari cast her eyes to her paper, Echo could see tears forming.  Turning to Brecker, she said quietly, “Not everyone is evil, Brecker.  Some people are just stuck in bad situations.”
Brecker’s laugh insulted her emotions.  “Don’t be such an adanian,” he said, using the slur for someone with the mind of an infant.
“You rhether,” Mari hissed back another insulting elvish name meaning “monster”.
“Stop!” Dorian stated quietly, but with such powerful firmness, they all jumped.  “One thing is certain, a family divided cannot stand as strongly as one united.  We will discuss this at another time when you are all willing to do so in a mature manner.”
He looked out at the sun and then at the teens.  His expression resumed its usual brightness. “I have been granted permission by your parents and my elders to accompany you to the village of Ulway. Mari, what is the human name for this village?” Dorian questioned, smiling warmly at Mari.
Mari looked up, blinked back her tears, and returned Dorian’s smile.  “Twilight,” she stated softly, her eyes shining.
“Right you are!  Very good, Mari.”  Dorian gave her a wink, causing her cheeks to flame, and then continued, “Perhaps we will dine at your grandfather’s inn, if he’ll have me.”
Later, they trotted their horses on the road leading toward Ulway in the brightness of the late morning.  Echo’s mind raced with a million come-backs she should’ve used against Brecker earlier.  But the beauty of the day slowly dissolved such thoughts, and she soon found herself smiling.
Their steeds were fine horses, but didn’t compare with the ones Echo’s dad tended.  Echo’s mount, a delicate dappled grey, nickered as the trees around Thildin opened to the valley ahead of them. Echo’s smile widened at the scene as she breathed deeply and stretched; after the closeness of the trees, the openness was welcomed.
Emerald grass rippled as the breeze tickled the belly of Thildin Valley where the elves’ special herd grazed during the day.  The green was interrupted occasionally by contrasting sand-stone formations, their earthen tones glowing golden in the sunlight.  Next to them, a sparkling river, Wyrra, or “New Memory”, gurgled cheerfully over rounded stones; dragon flies and pixies zipped playfully over the water and among the delicate silver blossoms of the curatrees—trees that looked as if giant oaks had been shrunk to three feet; the trees’ rare and precious sap could cure almost any injury.
Ahead in the distance beyond the valley, the buildings of Ulway could be seen; their walls were made from various colored, rounded stones from the river. The river also provided stones for the buildings in the village, Silmah, or “Starlight”, which rested on the southern edge of the valley.  And, to the north, the river, Wynia, or “New Life”, provided similar stones for the village, Auri, or “Sunlight”.  The two rivers converged at Ulway, making that village a center of commerce and a place of rest for weary travelers--including defenders.
Several heads lifted and shrill neighs echoed as the elven horses sounded their greetings from the valley.  Echo’s heart leapt at the sight of Shimmer. It had been two years since she’d been born, and Echo had made a point of spending as much of that time as possible with her horse.  She’d assisted her dad in Shimmer’s training, which was still incomplete.  These special horses were never used for mundane riding.  In fact, she wasn’t entirely sure what their purpose was.
Echo felt Shimmer’s excitement as the horse reared, neighed, and cantered up to them, her flaxen mane and tail dancing behind her like milky flames.  Her coat shone in the sun like pure gold.  Shimmer had grown tall, and her muscular, graceful form helped her move as smoothly as a sun beam across the earth.  Her large eyes were bright with excitement and curiosity as she sidled up to them.
Echo laughed as Shimmer shoved affectionately against her leg with her delicate head. “Watch it! You’ll knock me off!” She stroked Shimmer’s silk-smooth forehead, resisting the urge to leap onto the horse’s back and soar across the ground at lightning speed.  She pulled her gaze away from her equine companion and surveyed the rest of the herd.  In her opinion, none of them compared to Shimmer.
Brecker released a sharp whistle, calling the horse he claimed as his.  He’d named the colt at its birth the year before Shimmer was born.  A fiery creature, both in color and personality, Midnight Sun was Brecker’s joy.  He’d named the horse after it’d been born at the very strike of midnight; but under the bright full moon, his coat had shone fiery like the sun.  Brecker was very proud of the name, as well as his horse.
Midnight Sun danced and snorted around Brecker and his nervous mount.  Brecker laughed and patted the gracefully hyper-active horse heartily on the neck.
Mari and Dorian were surveying the entire herd, one horse at a time.  Like their mother, Mari seemed to know almost every detail about every horse and whenever Dorian pointed out something new, she quickly scribbled it down for later reference.
“Why don’t you pick out a special horse, Mari?  Brecker and Echo seem to have found a connection,” Dorian asked.
Mari shook her head.  “That’s okay,” she said.  “Ole Vayla, here, is more than enough horse for me!”  The white horse plodded along as if bored with every aspect of the journey.  She was the tamest elf horse Echo had ever seen, which was good, considering Mari was juggling the reins, parchment, and a pen.  Her face flushed when she nearly dropped all three and then giggled nervously.
Dorian observed Mari curiously for a moment, causing her to blush even more. “Interesting,” was all he said before continuing to share his knowledge of the herd with an ever-more delighted Mari.  Dorian, of course, rode his mount with no saddle and no bridle, using the slightest movements and commands to steer his horse.  Echo longed to have that kind of control.
As they reluctantly pulled away from the horses, Dorian spoke of a new defender in Shae Vale by the name of Ayden Green.  “He comes from the Other World and travels with a former defender, Volos.”  
Echo’s interest was immediately piqued.  Their dad had been born and raised in the Other World before his parents brought him to Shae Vale.  He’d told them countless amazing stories of his life there, where mostly only humans lived and used strange devices instead of magic, plants, and animals in their every-day lives.  “He must be human then, right?” she asked excitedly.
“It would seem so,” Dorian stated, looking thoughtful.  “Although, I believe I met his grandparents years ago, if it is indeed the same family I am thinking of.”  His eyes were reflective for a few minutes before he mumbled, “Hmmm,” and then continued talking.  “That was the other reason for my wishing to bring you to Ulway.  There is a chance that Ayden and Volos will be confronting a dead sorcerer there today.”  Dorian’s eyes shone as his face split with a child-like grin.
Echo remembered from her lessons that a dead sorcerer wasn’t really dead, but had lost his powers.  They were often more dangerous than an active sorcerer as their hearts were blackened with bitterness.  She shifted nervously, suddenly concerned for her grandfather’s safety.  “You think the dead sorcerer is in Ulway?”
“Yes, I do.  But we shall see if my information is accurate.  Ayden has already defeated many a foe and taken them to Hosgrow.  If I am correct about his being in the village today, then we may get the privilege of watching a well trained defender in action.  You could learn much by observing him.”
Brecker grunted. “What’s so amazing about him taking all those dark souls to Hosgrow?  That place isn’t even a real prison.  Most of the time, half of those taken there are released shortly after they’re admitted.”
Dorian remained serene under Brecker’s scrutiny.  “You speak the truth.  However, they are only released after they have overcome their fears and pain, which caused their ill actions in the first place.”
Brecker shook his head, unconvinced.  “How do they know they’re reformed?  What if they’re just faking it?”
“Do not close your mind to the hope of true reform, Brecker.  It does happen,” Dorian said.
Before Brecker could begin another debate, Echo asked, “So what makes you think this defender will be in Ulway today?”
Dorian smiled slyly at her.  “I have ways,” he said in a purposefully mysterious tone.
At the thought of seeing another defender in action--especially a human defender from the Other World--Echo’s body trembled with excitement.  Maybe by watching this human defender, she would find the courage she needed to be successful, too.
Her excitement was suddenly interrupted by a creeping sensation at the back of her neck.  She turned her head abruptly, half expecting to see someone behind them.
Nothing.
She turned back to the others.  No one else seemed to have noticed anything.
The creeping sensation clung to Echo like a leech. She reined her mount to a stop and listened for a couple minutes.  Jumping, she turned her attention to the gurgling river; something had made a loud splash several feet back, startling her.
“You okay, Echo?” Mari shouted back.  All three of her companions were watching her curiously.  She looked to the river one last time and shook her head. 
“Yeah, I’m okay.  I think there’s a big fish or something back there,” she said and coaxed her horse into a trot until she caught up with the others.
 She’d told them it was a fish, but a dark feeling crept into her heart like a stretching shadow at sunset; she was certain they were being followed.


Chapter 3
Discussion Over a Plate of Worms

Echo attempted to keep her voice nonchalant as she rode alongside Dorian and asked, “Doons can’t survive in daylight, can they? I mean, I thought shadow dwellers could only come out at night--in the dark.”
“Doons cannot survive in day light that is true.  However, even in the day, shadows reside in many places.  A doon can only make itself as large as a man, but it can become as small as an ant, hiding in the shadow of a blade of grass until a larger shadow passes by.  For instance, if a man or animal were to pass over, it would attach itself to that shadow, traveling with that being.  Then, it would jump from shadow to shadow until it reached its destination.”
Echo resisted a shiver, thinking of a tick-like creature riding in her shadow.  Then she glanced behind them toward the river.  “What about water wraiths?”
Dorian chuckled, “You have been daydreaming during lessons again, Echo.” She lowered her gaze, feeling the blood rush to her cheeks.  Dorian continued patiently, “Water wraiths can exist in light as well as shadow.  They are not, in fact, a wraith as wraiths are known--a tortured spirit caught between life and death.  They were dubbed wraiths because of their ghostly forms.  They are only considered shadow dwellers because as you should know, they have been manipulated in the past by dark magic.  They usually take on the form of an attractive man or woman to lure people to the water.  However, they cannot stray from the water for long, or they will die. Their greatest enemy is heat.”
Echo wasn’t comforted by Dorian’s words.  They were heading straight for a village surrounded by rivers.  She shook her head, attempting to erase thoughts of shadowy creatures lurking behind every plant, rock, and blade of grass.
As they rode closer to Ulway, the warmth of the sun and conversation helped to ease Echo’s paranoia.  Thoughts of seeing her grandfather--and the human defender--also raised her spirits.  Although Ulway was only five miles from Thildin, between caring for the elves’ horses and training, Echo and her family didn’t get the chance to visit the village often.  In fact, it had been an entire month since she’d last set foot there.
Typical of river villages in Shae Vale, most of the buildings were made from large, rounded boulders taken from the riverbed.  A vibrant array of flowers skirted lush lawns; apple trees, bursting with pink and white blossoms, shaded many of the cobbled streets and pathways.
The smells of town life reached the approaching riders.  Some cooking fires burned bright beneath bubbling pots of spicy stews.  Sweet perfumes and pungent dyes wafted from merchants’ huts.  The aroma of freshly baked bread from the bakery danced through the air, mingling with the other scents.  Echo breathed deeply and smiled.  All these smells reminded her of her grandfather.
The group dismounted, allowing their horses to wander to the outskirts of the village--they would come when Dorian called for them later.  The group strolled toward the inn, The Sleeping Willow, which marked the center of Ulway.  A circular, two-storied building with rounded stone walls painted with live, multi-colored vines, the inn was a hub for travelers of business and pleasure.  With both rivers nearby, the village and the inn were connected to an endless supply of water and other resources--like the best fishing within a one-hundred mile radius.  And, being an efficient, people-caring person, Echo’s grandfather’s success had come easily.
While approaching The Sleeping Willow, Echo looked at the faces of villagers mulling around shops and strolling along the streets, hoping to catch a glimpse of a familiar face or two.  What she saw instead caused discomfort to settle over her.  Hardened faces with veiled expressions observed the travelers warily.  Her attempt at smiling faltered when only fierce frowns returned her gesture.  She knew the villagers weren’t very receptive to elves, but they weren’t usually so guarded.  Even small children, who usually ran through the streets full of brightness and fun, were mostly silent and reserved, betraying their fear.  The shadow dwellers’ attacks had affected the people worse than she’d thought.  She wondered if the other villages were faring the same.
Echo was more than relieved to exit the streets and enter the inn.  A bright, cheery lobby greeted the travelers.  Small fountains tinkled happily beside lush bushes that grew straight out of the floor beneath an open sun roof.
They passed the lobby and headed for the dining area, which was usually filled with chattering customers.  Echo worried as they approached a nearly empty dining hall.  Only two tables were occupied, and the hall was uncharacteristically quiet.  Dorian, for one fraction of a second, also seemed concerned before hiding his emotions behind a sunny smile.
“What’s going on?” Mari asked, scowling.
“I’d like to know, too,” Brecker said.  He also wore a concerned expression, increasing Echo’s discomfort.
A warm, welcoming voice drew their attention to a narrow doorway that Echo knew led to the kitchen.  “What a pleasant surprise!  To what do I owe such honored guests arriving at my humble establishment?”  A tall man with silver hair, shining light-blue eyes, and a soft smile approached them, his arms stretched out and ready for hugs.
“Grandpa!” Mari was first to run to him as his infectious laughter filled the room.  Echo followed suit.  Brecker attempted just to shake hands, but laughed as he was forced into an especially vigorous hug.
Their grandpa then turned his attention to Dorian, who’d stood patiently by during the family reunion.  Extending his hand until it rested on the elderly man’s shoulder, Dorian gave his greeting.  “Archer, it is good to see you, friend.  My hope is that we will all be welcome to dine here.”
Archer returned the gesture.  “You know I would never turn you away, Dorian.”  They parted before he continued, “Your people have all been kind to my family over the years.  I hope to return the favor.”  He motioned them to a large, round table covered with a soft, blue cloth.
Archer invited his guests to sit, and then disappeared into the kitchen briefly before returning with a tray full of pre-dinner munchies.  Fresh grapes, apples, and a mixture of nuts were carefully divided into smoothly polished stone bowls.  Their host distributed matching oblong stone plates to everyone before sitting down.  Smiling he said, “Well, help yourselves.  Eat before it spoils.  The main course will be out shortly.”
As everyone nibbled, they discussed what was happening in the village.  Brecker maintained a grim expression throughout the conversation.  Echo also noticed that her grandfather looked more tired than usual.  The lines in his face were deeper and his eyes seemed sad.
“Haven’t had much business of late,” he said, then popped a grape into his mouth.  He spoke around the fruit in his mouth. “It’s all this shadow dweller nonsense.  People get careless and lose livestock or have a bit of a bad run at the market and blame it all on shadow dwellers and black magic.”
“So, you do not believe the shadow dwellers have been a problem here?” Dorian questioned.  
Archer shrugged and said, “Maybe to a certain extent.  There have been some bad situations.  Strange things have happened that can’t be explained.  Things that even I can’t deny are signature of shadow dwellers.”
“Like what?” Brecker asked.
“People disappearing by the rivers, especially at night.  And good people, too, not just drunken fools that might’ve fallen into the water.  People I’ve known my whole life suddenly acting strangely, darkly, doing things against their nature.  Mavel and Moodey Muckerson, as you know, lost their child six months ago. They thought it was a hag--kid died of fright in his own bed.”  Echo knew a hag could produce life-like nightmares that caused high anxiety and, if the person was not awakened in time, death. “But now…” Archer began before he pressed his lips together, forming a thin line.
“What?” Mari asked, her eyes as big as the bowls on the table.  Echo felt her own eyes widen, and her heart beat slightly faster.
Archer gave Dorian a sidelong glance and cleared his throat.  “The Muckerson’s are convinced that the elves are responsible for their son’s death.”
An awkward silence stretched across the room as everyone cast their eyes on Dorian.  Considering what he’d just heard, Echo thought he seemed a little too calm.  His face remained serene, his eyes sparkling.  In fact, he almost seemed close to laughing.
Archer looked at him sadly, the lines around his eyes and mouth deepening.  Softly, he asked, “Did you understand what I just said, Dorian?”
Dorian looked steadily into Archer’s eyes.  “Yes, dear friend.  You need not be concerned for my sake or for the sake of my people.  We have done no evil and, therefore, have nothing to fear.  The truth will come to light in the long run.”
Echo sat in amazement.  The truth will come to light? How could he be so positive? If she’d been accused of doing something she hadn’t done, she’d be furious!  Archer shook his head slowly.  “I’ll never really understand your race.  But, if that is how you see things, then I’ll do my best not to worry.”  He smiled as a server approached with a tray filled with steaming, golden, roasted pork.  Echo’s mouth watered.  She hadn’t realized how hungry she was.
Dorian sat calmly, his hands folded in front of him, his meat untouched. An amused smile tugged at the corners of his mouth as he gazed at Archer.  After a few minutes Archer suddenly butted his forehead with the heal of his palm.  “Forgive me, Dorian!  I’ve gone and forgotten how little meat you eat.”  He quickly removed the pork from the elf’s plate and summoned a server to bring him something more suitable.  Another plate of fresh fruit and vegetables was hastily set in place of the meat.  Beside the garden treats wriggled a small plateful of live worms.
“You are more than kind,” Dorian bowed slightly, then picked one worm from his plate, placed it in his mouth, and chewed it carefully.  Most elves didn’t eat meat but worms and insects were in an entirely different category.  Echo turned her eyes away, afraid she’d lose her appetite if she watched Dorian.  Although she’d seen it her whole life, she’d never gotten used to the consumption of insects.
As everyone devoured their food, they continued their conversation.  “Do you believe, Dorian, that the sorceress, Degus, is responsible for the shadow dwellers becoming more active of late?” Archer asked.
“It is a possibility.  She has many beings under her control.  However, shadow dwellers were in existence long before her time.  I cannot say for certain what their motivation might be.”
“Won’t your seers tell us what’s going on so we can at least prepare ourselves better?” Brecker asked.  Echo’s stomach tightened around the food she’d just eaten.  Brecker had been in a sour temper all day, and she wasn’t eager to see him begin another argument.
Dorian spoke, “Some of our people catch glimpses of present and future events.  But they cannot fully interpret what those images might mean.  Any image can be taken out of context.  We could give the wrong information, making a situation worse rather than better.”
“Still, anything would help wouldn’t it?  We have to do something to protect the villages and Thildin Valley from these dark forces.  We have to act now!” Brecker shouted, slamming his fist against the table.  The other occupants of the dining hall fell silent, staring.  Echo and Mari looked at each other warily, not sure what to do or say.
Archer placed a strong hand over Brecker’s.  “Take it easy, son.  We all want to help, and we will.  We’ll find a way if we work together and think this through.”
Brecker looked at his grandfather angrily for a moment.  Echo squeezed her fork until the edges of the handle dug into her palm, scared Brecker would say something to hurt their grandfather.  Instead, his shoulders slackened and he lowered his gaze.  “Sorry, Grandpa,” he mumbled. “I don’t know what came over me.”
Archer patted his grandson’s hand and smiled. “We’ve all been a little tense lately. Things will get brighter, though.  I’m certain of it.” He winked, and then finished his pork.
 Dorian gazed through a window at the position of the sun.  Nodding at Archer, he slowly rose, and then bowed, thanking their host for a great meal and great company.  He touched his lips with two fingers, then touched the table, a symbol of blessing to Archer and his establishment.
“We should make our way to the streets, now.  I believe we may see a show soon,” Dorian said.  He quickly explained what was happening and Archer, seeming suddenly younger, agreed to join them.
The group wandered the village for twenty minutes with no signs of anything unusual.  Echo felt disheartened, certain that Dorian had been mistaken and Ayden Green was not going to be in Ulway today.
A shout drew their attention to an intersection near the bakery and gift cottages.  Echo’s stomach tickled with excitement as Dorian’s eyes sparked and he said, “This will be it.  Shall we?”  He gestured with his hand toward the sound.
As they approached the intersection, a man with the physique of a toothpick came into view.  The dead sorcerer! His wild eyes, sunken face, and unkempt hair gave him a dangerous, desperate look as he stood defensively in the intersection.  He held a crude sword, its blade nicked in several places along its edge.  He bared sharp, yellow teeth and his expression indicated madness beyond reach. That madness, Echo guessed, could give the man unnatural strength. Even so, she felt pity for him as his ragged, soiled clothing gave away that he’d been living in the streets for some time. 
Her attention was quickly drawn to a second figure that emerged from behind the buildings.  A thrill washed over her--this had to be the human defender, Ayden Green!


Chapter 4
Inspiration

He was younger than Echo had expected.  In fact, he didn’t look much older than she.  Ayden’s tousled brown hair danced in the breeze, fanning toward a set of kind, amber colored eyes set in a smooth, handsome face.  As he approached the dead sorcerer, he casually pushed his green hooded cloak away from his hip, revealing a sword.  His voice was calm and gentle when he spoke.  “Please, come with us now.  We don’t want to hurt you.”
Echo was just wondering what Ayden meant by “we” when her jaw dropped and her eyes widened.  Ayden’s companion was at least three times larger than he with muscles that threatened to burst through tight, dark skin.  He stood behind Ayden, crossed his bulging arms, and nodded his bald head toward the dead sorcerer who looked even more like a toothpick than ever.
The sorcerer looked about frantically as a circle of on-lookers formed around him and his adversaries.  Seeing no one willing to help, he glared back at the defenders, his pinched face darkening.  He murmured something indiscernible and waved his free hand in the air.  Echo’s heart jumped as she half expected a curse to fly from the man’s fingertips.  The defenders stood calmly, not even twitching at the sorcerer’s crazed movements.
The faces in the surrounding crowd focused on Ayden Green.  Echo stood with gleeful tension, waiting to see what would happen next.  Ayden spoke again, his voice still calm but a little more stern.  “You can stand down, or we can force you to stand down. The choice is yours.”
The dead sorcerer stood frozen for a moment and then slowly raised his sword.  He held the jagged weapon in front of him, then yelled and charged.  Ayden drew his sword smoothly, barely ruffling his cloak.  A gasp rippled through the crowd followed by shouts and cheers as the sorcerer’s weapon crashed into the defender’s sword with a reverberating clang.  Ayden spun around, easily pulling himself out of his adversary’s reach.
Echo, though tense at watching a battle, couldn’t keep herself from smiling.  This is so exciting! she thought. The sorcerer charged again.  Echo unconsciously grabbed her grandfather’s sleeve and held her breath.  Ayden made no movement as the sorcerer drew closer and closer.  Just before a collision occurred, the young defender swung his sword around.  A clank of metal sounded and before anyone could blink, the sorcerer’s blade flew from his hand. In the time it took the weapon to soar through the air and begin its decent, Ayden had sheathed his sword, ripped a rope from his belt, grabbed the stunned sorcerer, forced him to the ground, and bound his hands behind his back.  The only sound that followed was the clang of the metal as the rusted blade hit the cobblestones and rattled to a halt.  Then a chuckle as deep and rolling as thunder emanated from the larger man as he approached Ayden and patted him on the back.  “That was easy,” he said.
Ayden pulled the sorcerer from the ground and shook his head.  “Easy for you!” he said. But he, too, smiled as he pulled the sorcerer upright.  Echo noted how gentle Ayden was with the man, considering he’d just attempted to kill him.  Her heart skipped a beat as Ayden caught her awestruck gaze.  Her cheeks heated when he nodded a greeting, and then led his captive away.  A cat with smoky fur trotted after the defenders as they left the square.
Echo looked at Dorian with an eyebrow raised.  He smiled at her.  “I believe the cat is also Ayden Green’s companion.  Tell me, what did you think of the battle?” Dorian’s eyes blazed with excitement and curiosity.  Echo’s heart still raced as she relived the short battle in her mind.
“That was amazing!” she said breathlessly.  “He was so calm and so…in control!”
“It was rather impressive.  Made me feel like a kid again, watching that,” Archer said, sharing his granddaughter’s enthusiasm.
Mari was next to speak.  “I guess if one must use physical force, that would be the way to do it, wouldn’t it?  He did as little damage as possible, but still got the job done.”
“He was okay,” Brecker added.  His mannerisms suggested he wasn’t impressed, but his eyes betrayed his true feelings.  Echo smirked at him and watched his lips twitch upwards at the corners.  However, before he’d allow a full-fledged smile, he turned away.
Echo felt a new sense of hope and determination to work harder with her training.  If she really concentrated, maybe someday she’d be as good a defender as Ayden Green.  Then, she could help without hurting anyone.  Her mind played with the idea as they walked toward the unique gift shop owned by their eccentric friend, Jiggers.
Echo had to let her eyes adjust to the dim interior of “Thing-A-Ma-Jiggers” after exiting the bright streets.  She smiled again, still thinking of the defender and looking around at all of Jiggers’ wonderful trinkets.  Bird feeders and pixie houses, like one she kept in her bedroom, hung by the dozens from the wooden ceiling; these were made with anything from vines over soft metal, to old bowls and vases, to woven silk.  Most were decorated elaborately with real flowers that never seemed to wilt, in spite of the fact they were not attached to any living plant or soil.
Mobiles, made from live butterflies trained to live in a specific pattern, filled the gaps between the feeders and houses.  Tea cups, dishes, and silverware, all made from shells, gourds, seed pods, and other natural items were neatly assembled along display tables.  Magnifying glasses created with wooden handles and enormous enchanted droplets of water that never lost their form were kept behind a glass display case, along with jewelry and bits of fool’s silver and gold.
The rest of the group made their way into the shop.  Four other villagers were there, speaking adamantly to Jiggers about some new jewelry.  Four necklaces with round, metal medallions lay on the counter between them.  One of the customers asked, “How many more can we get before dusk?”
Jiggers’ white hair, which stuck out from the sides of his round head in wild tufts, pressed his lips together for a moment.  He adjusted his circular, wire-rim glasses and blinked his gray eyes thoughtfully at the customers.  “I could get as many as a dozen made by tonight, but it will cost extra,” he said. His higher pitched tone suggested the task would be a bit of a strain.
“Fine.  We’ll take them!”  The customers forked out the extra coins and Jiggers face creased into a dozen soft lines as he smiled.  Had she not known the old coot as well as she did, Echo wouldn’t have noticed the mischievous twinkle in his eyes.
The customers turned and, at seeing the graceful form of Dorian looming over them, made a hasty retreat.  “Ah, friends!” Jiggers said.  “So glad they didn’t see you, Dorian, before I made the sale!” He made his round of greetings, then pulled them all to the back room.  Echo chuckled.  At least three dozen of the supposedly unmade necklaces Jiggers had sold moments ago lay ready and waiting on the work table.  She picked one up and examined it.  Brecker and Mari followed suit.
“These are…  Well they’re pretty, but what’s so special about them?” Echo asked, hoping she hadn’t hurt Jiggers’ feelings.  Why were the villagers so desperate to have more?
Jiggers ruffled his hair, did a little jig at the tips of his toes, and then drew his face within inches of Echo’s.  She giggled at his boyish expression.  “Funny thing about those.  I might have mentioned to someone one day that they could perhaps ward off shadow dwellers.  Silly bloke took me seriously!  Ha!” He slapped his knee and looked about at everyone with glee.  “Haven’t been able to keep a one on the shelf since!”
The teens examined the necklaces. A metal medallion dangled from a chain made of some type of soft vine.  Each carried a different symbol, etched into the metal.  Echo’s portrayed a fairy holding a star in her right hand.
“They don’t really work, do they?” she asked.
“Course not!  And I told the bloke that, eventually.  But he went running to the streets, telling everyone I had protective amulets in my shop.  Who was I to argue?  It’s given me a nice bit of profit.  Crazy people, they fear true and good magic,” he looked over the tops of his spectacles at Dorian, “but put their trust in nonsense!”
Echo thought of her strange feeling by the river and the image of water wraiths and doons.  She had the strong urge to buy one of the necklaces herself.  She stared at it, imagining the fairy coming to life and throwing the bright star at a shadow dweller. With her imagination running wild, the strange sensation from the river brushed against her neck again.  She squeezed the amulet and then froze, sensing a pair of eyes boring into the back of her head. A faint scent of pine wafted in the air. Echo realized a fraction of a second too late what was happening.
A blond, jagged-haired teen seemingly materialized from the woodwork and grabbed her shoulders.  “BOO!” he shouted, causing her to scream and jump.
“KEEBO! Don’t do that!” she yelled and then laughed as she punched him in the shoulder.
Keebo’s cheerful laugh reminded Echo of the sound of spring rain.  “Sorry, Echo.” He looked at her with mock seriousness and raised a slanted eyebrow.  “What sort of weird name is Echo, anyway…anyway…anyway?” Keebo echoed.
She smiled.  It was a long standing joke between them.  She couldn’t even remember how it had started, but they’d teased each other about it most of their lives.
“No weirder than Keebo!” she giggled.
Keebo genuinely sobered briefly.  “I really do like your name, you know.” He then flashed a mischievous smile and winked at her.
Echo lost all train of thought.  His wink had caused some strange emotion inside her.  She suddenly noticed how Keebo had grown, though he was still shorter than she, and how his body had filled out. Even though he was human, too, his angular facial features gave him an impish look--beautiful, boy-like, and full of ornery.
Echo shook her head as the others wandered the shop.  Keebo led her to a work bench where a strange, black device was neatly disassembled.  “Do you know what this is?” he asked, his blue-green eyes twinkling.  He scratched at the jagged hair that covered the tops of his ears--something that Echo had noticed he did whenever he was nervous or excited.
“I have no idea,” she answered.  It looked like a bunch of junk to her.
“It’s a cam-er-ah from the Other World!  Dad says it captures images that can be put on parchment.  But they’re forbidden here,” he said in a whisper.  His face beamed as he continued.  “If images of Shae Vale are captured on one of these, they could be taken to the OW and alert the humans there to our existence.  Then, Shae Vale would lose its magic.”  He almost seemed keen to the idea.
A camera.  That was what her dad had mentioned earlier that morning when she and Brecker were sneaking out.  Echo studied the parts, suddenly intrigued.  She couldn’t make any sense of it, though.
“Do you think your dad could show us how to work it?” he asked excitedly.
“I thought you just said they were forbidden!”
“We would never take the images to the OW!  Besides, I’d love to see this kind of magic.  Humans are so fascinating,” he said and then studied the parts.
Echo looked at him strangely.  “WE are human, you weirdo.”
Keebo jerked his head toward her, looking momentarily baffled.  Then he shrugged.  “I meant OW humans.  How is Shimmer?  Is she getting strong? Is she fast?”
Echo didn’t mind the sudden change of subject.  She loved talking to anyone about Shimmer.  Keebo’s interest in the horse was a welcomed distraction, and they talked for several minutes.
Dorian eventually interrupted her.  “We must go.  Your father will need you home soon.”
The teens hugged Archer before he headed back to the inn.  Keebo promised Echo he’d come and visit soon, and they made their fare-wells.  He winked at her again, causing her to float down the street.  She couldn’t help the smile that spread from one ear to the other.  Brecker frowned.  “What’re you so happy about?”
“Oh noth--”  Echo’s sentence cut short as she turned toward her brother, then looked past his shoulder to one of the apple trees at the edge of the street.  Her smile slid from her face.  A satin-cloaked figure stood facing them, its features lost in the shadow of the hood.  Goose bumps prickled Echo’s arms--something was cold and strange about the figure.
“What is it?”  Brecker asked.
She looked at him briefly.  “That tree!  That cloaked man!”
The others followed her gaze.  But no one was there.
“Good one, Echo,” Mari giggled.  “You really scared me a little!”
“But,” Echo began.  The others were already pulling ahead of her, chuckling at what they thought had been a joke.
“I was serious,” Echo said with quiet dismay as fear formed in her stomach like a ball of stone.


Chapter 5
Strange Encounters

Echo shook off the eerie feeling that had blanketed her at the sight of the figure as she caught up with the others.  She didn’t want to be left alone. The group was nearing the edge of the village when their attention was drawn by a commanding voice. The scarecrow form of Moodey Muckerson stood on a make-shift straw platform. His pumpkin-shaped wife, Mavel, stood beside him. The couple looked strangely out of place in the late spring beauty. A large crowd had circled around them, their attention on Moodey. His beaky nose was red, and his Adam’s apple bobbed grotesquely on his vulture-like neck as he spoke.
“You all saw what just happened back at the square--a dead sorcerer was captured.  A dead sorcerer here, in our humble village!  People, the time to act is now! We cannot let these dark forces continue to threaten our homes.”
A murmur rippled through the crowd and several people nodded in agreement.  Moodey stepped aside, revealing a cloaked figure that had previously been hidden behind the couple.  Echo gasped.  The blood rushed to her head as her heart lurched against her chest.  Moodey leaned his ear toward the hooded figure, whose only visible feature was a pair of bright amber eyes.  “I think we found your cloaked man,” Brecker whispered to her.
Echo calmed herself as she took a closer look. This was not the same cloaked figure she’d seen earlier.  This cloak was pitch-black and was not of the same silky material.  She opened her mouth to tell Brecker this, then changed her mind at seeing the amusement in his eyes. He gave her a crooked smile before returning his attention to Moodey.
The cloaked figure leaned away from Moodey’s ear.  Moodey turned and whispered something to his plump, red-headed wife before turning again to the crowd.  “You all know we suffered a great tragedy not too long ago.”  The crowd fell respectively silent.  “Our son, only five years of age, was taken from us.” Great tears formed in both the couples’ eyes as Mavel released a pitiful wail.  “It was a horrible thing to suffer, waking in the night to our child’s screams, unable to help him…”  Moodey choked and sobbed, and most of the crowd dabbed their eyes and shook their heads.
Echo felt pity for the couple, too, although something was strange about the way they were telling their story.  She felt ashamed at her thoughts, but Mavel and Moodey’s display of emotion seemed a bit staged to her. She looked around at the mourning crowd.  Was she the only one feeling this way?
The couple finally composed themselves, raising their hands and nodding as they whimpered loud enough for all to hear, “Thank you.  Thank you.  You are all too kind.”  Then, with one wipe of a hanky, Moodey’s expression turned fierce.  He looked sternly into the eyes of the crowd.  “We can stop this from happening to you!” He dramatically pointed a long, crooked finger at a woman in the front of the crowd who released a startled squeal.  “We must keep our children safe!  We must defend our homes and our families!”  The crowd was getting wound up now, shouting their agreement after each of Moodey’s statements. His eyes gleamed from the attention and the power he now held over the people.  Mavel’s round, sweating face beamed at her husband as if he were a god.  “We must take action against these creatures and against the magic that has seeped into our villages.  Magic that began with the elves.”
Moodey’s eyes fixed on Dorian.  Echo’s stomach lurched. Half terrified and half enraged, she looked warily at Dorian, wondering what he’d do.  The crowd was certain to turn on them all for fraternizing with an elf.  Why hadn’t she brought a weapon?
But Dorian stood annoyingly calm and serene, smiling gently toward his accuser.  Surprisingly, the crowd did not notice Moodey’s fixed gaze. They remained focused on him.  Dorian whispered quietly to the teens, “I believe that was our cue to leave.  Shall we?”  He gestured for them to walk ahead of him.
Brecker didn’t move.  “I’d like to hear them out, if that’s okay.”
Echo and Mari gaped at him.  How could he even think of listening to someone who so wrongly accused their friends of horrible crimes?
Brecker shook his head at his sisters’ expressions.  “I don’t believe what they’re saying about the elves, but I want to know more about their plans to protect the villages.”  He looked at Dorian.
The elf gazed into Brecker’s eyes for several seconds, considering.  Then, he spoke, “You are of age now.  The choice is yours.  I do warn you to be cautious.  Things are not always as clear as they may seem.”
Brecker’s face split into a smile as he quickly placed a hand on Dorian’s shoulder.  “Thanks!” he said and then dashed off to the front of the crowd.  Dorian forced the girls toward the edge of the village.
“Why can’t we stay?” Mari asked.
“You are not of age and are, therefore, still under my care.  When you reach Brecker’s age, you will be free to make your choices.” Mari’s face flamed, whether from anger or embarrassment Echo was unsure.  She was too preoccupied with the foreboding that tugged at her insides like an angry pixie demanding attention.  She wanted more than anything for Brecker to change his mind and come with them.
Echo and her horse trailed away from the Ulway behind Dorian and Mari, who seemed to have forgotten all about the scene at the village.  They chatted non-stop about various plants, flowers, and birds that thrived next to the Wyrna River. Echo looked behind her every other second, hoping to see Brecker following them.  Her stomach remained knotted with worry.  Things just didn’t feel right.
Dorian had signaled his horse to a stop and Echo, who was still looking behind, nearly caused her horse to collide with his.  “Oh, sorry!”  She stopped her horse, who snorted impatiently.
“Brecker can take care of himself, Echo.  He is well trained.”
“I know.  I just feel strange leaving him behind,” she said, not sure how else to explain what she was experiencing.
“Change is in the air.  That always causes uneasy emotions.  Try not to worry.  Change can bring good things.”  He looked kindly at her, helping to ease her mind a fraction.  But as he turned his horse away and continued forward, she couldn’t help thinking, It isn’t the good things I’m worried about.  It’s the bad things.
Just as Echo urged her horse forward, something zipped so closely past that it caused her shirt to ruffle.  She had no time to react, but watched as Dorian suddenly leapt from his horse’s back, twisted in the air until he was facing her, and caught an arrow mid-flight.  He landed easily on his feet, still holding the arrow at arm’s length in front of him.
The enraged scream of a man jolted Echo from her initial shock.  She spun her mount around to face a lone, wild villager charging toward them.  He ran full speed beside the river, stringing another arrow.  She recognized him as one from Mavel and Moodey’s listeners.  He pointed his weapon and shouted, “The evils of the elves must be purged!”
His wild expression and words would’ve seemed amusing if Echo hadn’t been mortified.  Dorian’s voice sounded as Echo’s horse twitched and snorted nervously.  “Mari, go!  Echo, to me!”
Echo coaxed her horse to sidestep next to the elf as she saw Mari gallop her horse away from them.  Echo’s heart threatened to choke her.  This was no test!
“Leave that girl be, vile creature!  I have no quarrel with human-kind!” the man spat.  Dorian remained as always--calm, quiet, undisturbed.
“Echo,” he said. Her heart jumped at hearing her name.  “What will be your strategy for coaxing this citizen to stand down?”
Echo jerked her head toward Dorian, her mouth and eyes gaping.  “Me?  I-I don’t know!  What should I do?”
Dorian smiled, but kept his eyes on their rapidly approaching adversary.  “Use the knowledge you have been given, Echo.  I have faith in you.”
Echo’s mind went blank.  A total void.  She watched the man move closer, his bow and arrow raised and ready.  Suddenly, though, he lost his footing on the river bank.  Echo gasped as she watched the man’s arms fly upward, attempting to regain his balance.  The arrow shot into the sky and for a split moment, he teetered at the edge of the bank.  Then, with a yell and an unceremonious splash, he was gone.
Dorian ran toward the spot where the man had fallen.  Echo snapped into rescue mode and chased after him on her horse.  She reached the riverbank, but no body could be seen.  Then, Dorian pointed further down the river, toward Ulway.  “There!”  A bobbing head and flailing arms were quickly being washed down river.
The man’s voice trailed weakly to them.  “Help!  I--can’t--swim!” he shouted the words between bobs.  Dorian turned to Echo.
“You can reach him much faster with your horse.  Get to that rocky bank just ahead of him.  You will be able to help him from there.”
Echo spurred her horse into a run.  The horse’s mane whipped against her hands and face as its powerful muscles launched them across the earth.  Echo’s peripheral vision caught the blurred form of the man as they passed.  The rocky shore, which protruded further into the river than the other banks, was just ahead.  Reaching it, she reined her horse to a lurching halt, dismounted and then…
She looked frantically around for something, anything, to throw out to the man to grab.  The edges of the river swirled madly against the rocks.  Before the thought was fully formed in her mind, she found herself quickly removing the bridle from her horse’s head.  The man was nearly across from her now.  She splashed into the icy water until she was in it to her torso, planted her heels in the muddy riverbed, and tossed the long reins into the water. Echo grasped the brow band tightly in her hands. 
They made brief eye contact and Echo shouted, “Grab it!”
The man flailed frantically in the water, coughing and sputtering.  For one horrific moment, Echo thought he would drown before he reached the target.  Then, with one desperate heave, he had the reins.
Echo pulled with all the strength she had.  The river pushed against her body and the man’s weight pulled against her arms.  He thrashed again, suddenly panicking.  Echo was about to panic, too, when a thought struck her like rock to her skull.  She was standing waist deep in the river.  The man had to be taller than she, and he was only a bridle length away.
“Sir!  Stand up!  You can touch the bottom!  Stand up!”
The man continued to thrash against the water, sending showers of river in every direction.  He couldn’t hear her through his panic.  Echo was suddenly annoyed with him.  She gripped the bridle tighter and jerked the reins--not too hard for fear the fool would lose his grip--but hard enough to get his attention.
“Stand up!” she stated irritably.
The man gawked at her for a split second, then slowly put his legs beneath him and stood.  Looking sheepish, he walked shakily toward her.  When he reached her, he handed her the rest of the bridle.  His bearded face dripped and water sprayed from his lips as he spoke.  “You saved me!” he blurted. 
Echo scowled at him, wiped his spit from her eye, and then let his words sink in.  Warmth melted her annoyance, and she even managed a smile.  “Are you okay?” she asked.
“Y-Yes.  How can I thank you?” he asked as they sloshed their way to the rocky shore.
Echo let her gaze trail to where Dorian stood with his horse, back where the man had first fallen.  The man glared at the elf and Echo’s annoyance returned.  “First,” she said firmly, “never attack one of my friends again.”
“But I--”
“Second,” she said, raising her hand to silence him, “stay away from the river if you don’t know how to swim.”
She turned on her heel and her unbridled horse followed obediently behind her.  When she reached Dorian, she stopped and looked back.  The man was still standing there.  She stared at him for a moment before he tentatively raised a hand in farewell.  Both Echo and Dorian returned the gesture.
After the man began walking back toward the village, Dorian turned to Echo and blinded her with a smile.  His voice was as gentle as always when he said, “Well done.”


Chapter 6
Letting the Cat out of the Bag

The valley was bathed in the late afternoon glow, and a fresh breeze accompanied the songs of robins and meadowlarks as Echo and Mari helped their dad tend to the horses later that day. Oran gently applied garbin milk--a special salve taken from the prickly vines of the garbin plant--to a small cut on the chest of a red sorrel mare. None of the horses were ever tethered while they worked with them.  Like all elf horses, they seemed to know when to stand still.
Echo and Mari each rubbed a different horse with soft, leather cloths. Which contained special natural oils that fended off biting insects and also polished the horses’ coats until they reflected the sun like precious metal.  Mari’s horse grunted a protest at her rough movements.  “I don’t see why I have to do this!” she stated distastefully.  “It’s hot out here and my hands are getting filthy.  Look at this!”  She held up a palm for the others to see.  The oil on her hand had attracted the dirt form the horse’s hide, blackening her skin.
Oran chuckled.  “It’s not permanent, Mari.  Besides, grooming helps you bond with the horses.”
“I don’t want to bond,” Mari mumbled before continuing her rough grooming.
Echo smiled and shook her head.  How could Mari not enjoy this?  It was so relaxing. She loved the tangy scent of the horses’ bodies; she loved the way their skin twitched to shoo away a fly; and she loved the crunching sound they made as they snipped the grass with their teeth and ate.  And, most of all, she loved being close to Shimmer.  The horse nibbled on grass close by, watching Echo intently with one of her large, glassy eyes.  Echo smiled at her.  “Don’t worry.  You’re next.”
Shimmer raised her head and nickered.  Echo felt the horse’s happiness and forced herself to finish with the colt she was working on before starting with Shimmer.
As they worked, Echo relayed what they had seen in Ulway.  Oran’s expression was grim at hearing how the villagers acted and that Archer’s inn was so empty.  “Times are going to get tougher before they get better, I’m afraid.  I just wish there were more we could do.”
Eager to change the subject to more pleasant things, Echo mentioned Ayden Green.  As she rubbed Shimmer’s coat, she quickly told Oran the story, becoming only mildly annoyed with Mari every time she corrected her if she exaggerated.  Echo finished the story and looked out at the valley dreamily.  “It was amazing.  And then, he looked right at me and nodded!” she said, unable to contain her glee.  “It made me feel hopeful, Dad.  Like, by being a defender, there really is more I can do to help.”
Oran smiled at her, his own eyes shining with the adventure his daughter had portrayed with her words.  “That’s wonderful, Echo.  I have the utmost faith that you will make a difference in our world.”  He winked at her, then turned back to salving a scrape on another horse.
“Echo already got to put her skills to work today, Dad,” Mari stated.  She squeaked as a fly dive bombed toward her, narrowly avoiding her snapping rag.  
Echo wasn’t sure she was ready to tell her dad what had happened.  It wasn’t, after all, a very valiant story.
Oran raised his brows at her.  “What is she talking about?”
Echo cast Mari a quick but deadly look, then turned to her dad.  “It was nothing, Dad.  A man from the village fell into the river and I helped him out.”
Mari snorted.  “It was a bit more complicated than that!”  She then proceeded to recount every detail of what had happened.  She’d gone far enough away to avoid being hit by an arrow, but had watched everything from a distance.  When the story was complete, Mari flipped her hair over her shoulder, indicating she was finished.
Echo bit her lip.  She wasn’t sure how her dad would react.  He studied her for a moment.  Then his face broke into a smile.  “Well, congratulations, Echo.  Your first mission!”
Echo relaxed.  Then, she poured out her thoughts.  “But I didn’t do well at all, Dad.  My mind was a total blank.  If that man hadn’t fallen in the river, he probably would’ve shot Dorian.  Then, I was so pumped up with adrenaline, my mind failed to see the obvious--the water at the rocky bank was shallow.  He could’ve stood up without me even throwing him the bridle!”
Oran’s chuckle brought a contrasting mixture of warmth and hurt pride to Echo.  She loved her dad’s laugh, but she didn’t love him laughing at her.  She scowled and began wiping Shimmer more forcefully.  “Echo,” Oran said, “I’m not laughing at you.  I’m laughing at the situation.  That poor man probably felt like a complete idiot!”  He laughed again, and this time, Echo couldn’t help laughing, too.  Oran continued, “What did Dorian say to all of this?”
“He told me, ‘Well done’.”
“Well, if you receive a ‘well done’ from an elf, then I’d say you must’ve done things properly.”  Oran’s face sobered.  “But, Echo, things won’t always be that simple.  Being a defender is about helping others, true.  But it’s also very dangerous.  There are some who would kill you, just for being a defender.”
Echo swallowed.  She knew her dad spoke truth.  “I can’t turn my back on it, Dad.  It’s something that I feel pulling me--something I can’t deny.”  She wished she could explain better.
Oran walked over to her and gave her a warm and gentle hug.  “I understand, love.  I really do.”  He pulled away, cupped her face in his hands, and smiled at her.  She smiled gratefully back at him.
The moment was broken as Brecker’s voice reached them.  He rode his horse toward them, its greeting starting a chain reaction of whinnies.  Echo felt a charge of negative energy emanate from the man who had been so tender just a moment before.  Oran stood stiffly, waiting until Brecker came close and dismounted.  Brecker was excited, his blue eyes flashing.  “I’ve just had the most amazing discussion at Ulway!”
Oran scowled at his son, and Echo and Mari looked worriedly at each other, ready for their dad to let loose his temper on Brecker.  Brecker seemed oblivious to his dad’s stern gaze and rushed ahead, telling everything he’d heard from Mavel and Moodey.  “They have a great plan, Dad.  A solid plan to protect the villages and the valley.  They’re asking everyone to join together, form a type of army where we can be educated about shadow dwellers and sorcerers and el--I mean, everything.”
Echo knew he’d been about to mention the elves.  What was he thinking?  Dismay weighed heavy in her heart.  Was Brecker seriously going to go against his friends and join those crazy people?
“Brecker,” Oran’s voice was quiet, but firm, “Mavel and Moodey are no longer in their right minds.  The loss of their son was too much for them.  They’re not thinking clearly, accusing others wrongfully, and luring inexperienced people into dangerous positions.  I’m not convinced that their plans are in the best interests of the people.”
Brecker’s smile dropped and his dark brows dove toward the center of his face. “Just because it wasn’t your idea, doesn’t mean it’s no good.  You may be content to sit here and pamper horses, but I want to do greater things, Dad!  I want to protect our home!  You’re always telling me ‘Watch out for your family’.  Well, that’s exactly what I intend to do!”
Echo’s insides lurched unpleasantly.  Never had she seen her brother defy their dad with such reckless disrespect.  The horses had pranced away nervously, all except Shimmer.  Midnight Sun was close, too, stomping, snorting, and pawing up earth with his sharp front hoof. 
Oran’s jaw clenched and he spoke through his teeth.  “Your attitude will get you nowhere but in a lot of trouble.  You’ve just earned yourself an evening of milking!”
Brecker breathed heavily and clenched his fists and jaw.  Echo braced herself for the worst.  Milking the garbin vine, with its many sharp thorns, was the most detestable chore ever. Surprisingly, after Brecker gave Echo a sidelong glance, he turned stiffly away, toward the garbin patch a quarter of a mile away.  Their dad seemed to struggle with himself for a moment, took a step forward, then shook his head in frustration, and headed toward home.
Echo didn’t see Brecker until dinner that night.  Her mood was dark as she thought of Mavel and Moodey, the cloaked figure, and Brecker’s rebellion.  Thoughts of shadow dwellers kept attacking her imagination as she looked out the dark window over a sink full of dirty dish water.  She absentmindedly handed a dish she’d wiped over to her mother.
“This is not clean, Echo.  Please wash it again.”  Echo took the dish grumpily from her mother.  She hated indoor chores nearly as much as Mari detested working outdoors.  She felt so confined while being forced to wash dishes, sweep floors, and help her mother with book work.
Brecker sat at the table, turning one of Jiggers’ necklaces over and over in his fingers. is face was solemn, and Echo had the feeling he wasn’t really seeing the object before him.  She wanted to talk to him about what had happened earlier with their dad, but not in front of their mother.
Kiani folded her towel into a precise square and set it down in its specified place on the counter.  “Be sure to put that dish away once it’s clean.  I need to help Mari finish the documents for the elders before tomorrow morning.”  She left Echo alone at the sink.  Echo re-washed the dish, set it on the counter, and drained the water.  Then, mustering up a little courage, she sat down across from Brecker. 
“How you doing?” she asked quietly.  Several small cuts covered his hands from milking the vines.
“Huh?” Brecker seemed to snap out of trance, and then said, “Oh.  I’m okay.  Just a few cuts.”
“I wasn’t talking about the cuts,” Echo said.  She felt a twinge of nerves in the pit of her stomach.  It had been a long time since she and her brother had talked about serious things.  She unconsciously grabbed her braid and twirled the end around her index finger.
Brecker glanced up at her.  He put a hand through his hair and sighed.  “I don’t know, Echo.”  He cast his gaze back at the necklace.  “Too bad these don’t really work.”
Echo’s shoulders slumped at the change of subject.  She’d been hoping for a little more from Brecker.  She wanted to know about Mavel and Moodey.  She shrugged, attempted a chuckle, and said, “Yeah, too bad.  They’d come in handy when we’re out there defending.”
Brecker was looking past her shoulder, his lips pressed together and his body tense.  The churning in the pit of Echo’s stomach told her she’d just done something terribly wrong.  She hadn’t realized that their mother had re-entered the kitchen and was standing just inches behind her.
“What did you just say?” Kiani stood holding a neat pile of papers, her face pale and stern.
Echo opened her mouth, but any thought or word fled the scene.  To her relief, her dad walked in from outdoors at that precise moment.  Kiani jerked her head toward him and he stopped in his tracks at her expression.  She slammed the papers on the table, causing Echo to jump.  Flinging her blond hair dramatically from her eyes, she began the interrogation.  “What is going on, Oran?”
Their dad looked like a little boy caught with his hand in the cookie jar.  He gazed into his wife’s eyes and said slowly, “Maybe you should tell me.”
The tension in the house grew like an invisible weed, choking the life out of the air.  “I just heard your daughter say something about defending.”
Oran glanced at Echo, who suddenly wished she was invisible.  Her dad spoke again.  “Calm down, Kiani.  The kids have been doing a little training with Dorian.  It’s really nothing to worry about.”
Brecker gulped and Echo refused to turn around to see what her mother’s face looked like.  Kiani’s voice was steady, but carried a deadly undertone.  “Nothing to worry about?  How can you say that?  People die defending this cursed land, Oran!  Do you want to lose your children, because I don’t!”
“Mom, it’s okay,” Brecker piped in.  “We’re good at it.  We know what we’re doing.  Besides, we have to start learning to defend ourselves.  You know how bad things are getting around here.”
This time, Echo chanced a glance at her mother’s face.  To her surprise, Kiani’s eyes were glossing over with tears.  She shook slightly and breathed heavily through her nostrils.  “I will NOT allow this to continue!  You can’t be defenders and that is final!” she screeched, and then stormed out of the house.
Oran dropped his chin to his chest and sighed heavily.  Raising his head again, he said sarcastically, “Well, glad that’s out of the way.”  He looked at Brecker and Echo and smiled.  “Don’t worry about your mother.  I’ll have a nice, long talk with her and soften her to the idea.  Besides, you’re pretty much trained, so there isn’t much she can do.” He gave them a wink, turned toward the still opened door, and walked out with another heavy sigh.
Echo ran to her room before Brecker could scold her for letting the cat out of the bag.  After reaching her pitch-black room, she suddenly wished she’d stayed in the bright kitchen.  The darkness swallowed everything like a hungry beast.  Echo breathed slowly, trying to calm herself.  This was her room, after all.  Nothing scary.  She squinted into the darkness, allowing her eyes to adjust.  She could just make out the lamp on the stand beside her downy mattress.  Quickly, she walked over to it, meaning to light it.  She felt a creeping sensation on her back and spun around, dropping the matches.  Her eyes had adjusted to the room, but her dark window loomed on her wall.  She gasped as she turned to face it.  Something was moving quickly and quietly toward her from the window.


Chapter 7
Enlightening

Echo was glad she’d been too scared to scream.  As the object entered her room and drew closer, she realized it was only a pixie.  Overwhelmed with relief, she broke out in giggles.  She quickly lit the lamp and turned to greet her guest.
“Lixia, you scared me!” she said.  The pixie fluttered in front of her, looking delighted that she’d scared a human.  Her green-hued skin sparkled and her wings buzzed so fast Echo could barely see them.  She wore a blue, butterfly wing dress that complimented her eyes and white hair.  She whistled something in a laughing tone and then zipped over to the pixie house in Echo’s window.  The tiny house, a birthday gift from Keebo, was made with innumerable bits of mirror glued to the sides of a soft, silver metal frame.  Light and color from Echo’s room danced off of the reflective glass.  A mixture of ivy, daisies, and miniature pink roses magically and continually grew along the edges, complimenting the design.  Lixia entered her home and sat on the pink pin cushion Echo had placed inside.  The pixie turned her head and body in different angles, catching her reflection in the tiny mirrors.
“Conceited as ever!”  Echo mumbled.  She loved having the pixie come to her room at night; not only did she find the creatures beautiful and fascinating, but they usually came with a few lightning bug friends, giving Echo a bit of a night light.
Echo flopped on her bed and stared at the ceiling.  Her mind buzzed with a million thoughts, and an empty, lonely feeling stole into her heart when she thought of Brecker.  He was changing, just like everything else.  Everything was becoming dark, undefined, and scary.
She rolled onto her side and looked at the mess in her room, hoping to distract her thoughts.  Her drawings of horses, elves, pixies, and dragons were scattered everywhere.  She’d always been fascinated with dragons.  The thought of riding astride a powerful, flying creature thrilled her imagination.  Plus, she loved the clouds.  There was just something about them…
Echo hadn’t done any drawing since she and Brecker started training.  She sat up and slid to the floor to study the sketches.  Smiling, she looked at some that she’d done a while back that weren’t as good as the newer ones.  She held up one of her secret place--a quiet, secluded area near the river nestled between the trees and the valley from where she could listen to the elves sing the sun to sleep.  Brecker had showed the spot to her long ago when they were still too small to be bothered by changes or worried over grown-up things.  But he’d long since forgotten about that place, and she’d been going there alone for years.  Well, not completely alone.  Shimmer always seemed to sense when she’d be there and usually joined her.  Echo promised herself to visit the place soon.  She could use the relaxing solitude to think.
Fatigue finally gripped her.  She rubbed her eyes and yawned as she slid back onto her bed.  She blew out her lamp and quickly dove into the safety of her downy covers, allowing her soft mattress to surround her in a comforting embrace.  She kept her wide eyes just over the top of her covers.  A firefly, then another, joined Lixia at her house, sending their glowing light to reflect off of the tiny mirrors and illuminating her room just enough to ease her mind.  She shook her head at herself. Some defender I am.  Can’t even go from my night stand to my bed without freaking out! She sighed, closed her eyes, and drifted to sleep.
Her dreams were curious.  She’d expected visions of creeping shadows and her family fighting.  Instead, her dreams carried her to her secret place.  Peacefulness surrounded her as she watched the sky’s colors change with the setting sun.  A romantic mist meandered off the river and over the ground, swirling mysteriously in front of her.  She wanted to touch it.
Reaching out her hand, she felt the cool droplets caress her skin.  She suddenly jerked her hand back when she felt something solid.  Things grew darker.  Her heart pounded in her ears as a ghostly hand reached out from the fog.  And then, a man, ruggedly handsome with messy hair and eyes that carried the silver mist, stood before her.  She felt a longing to go to him.  He reached out to her, his face pleading and sad.  She took a tentative step forward.  Then, his voice reached her ears as an eerie whisper.  “Help me.”
Echo gasped and jolted awake.  The whispering voice had woken her as surely as if it had been spoken in reality, right into her ear.  Lixia groggily peeked around the edge of her house, squinted at Echo, and then flopped back onto the cushion, fast asleep.
Echo clutched her covers and stared into the semi-lit room.  She saw nothing, however, but the vivid face of the man from her dream.  She slowly relaxed as her mind traced every detail of his features.  I wonder what would’ve happened if I’d reached out and touched his hand?  Would he have disappeared?  Would he have gently taken her hand, leaned over, and kissed it softly?  She giggled at herself for being such a hopeless romantic, then she drifted back to sleep to visions of dancing with a mysterious man in a caressing mist.

“Echo, wake up.  Come on, wake up!” Brecker’s whisper cut through a heavy fog in Echo’s brain.  It seemed as if she’d just fallen to sleep seconds ago.  She groaned as Brecker shook her shoulder.  For a moment, she was transported back in time when they were little and Brecker would shake her awake so they could watch the horses or try to catch dew fairies.
“Echo, come on!” Brecker sounded more urgent.  Echo opened her eyes a fraction and looked at the blurred form of his face.
“What? It’s not time for training already, is it?” She glanced at the window.  No streaks of pre-dawn gray could be seen through the blackness.
“No.  I want you to go ride with me.”
“Ride? Now?  But it’s dark out!”
Brecker huffed.  “You really need to get over this fear of the dark thing.  Just come with me.  I need someone to talk to, and I have the strongest urge to ride Midnight Sun.”
Echo sat up in her bed and studied the silhouette of her brother’s face.  Now that he mentioned it, she felt a strange, sudden longing to be with Shimmer, too.  “Okay, okay.  Just give me two minutes to change.”
Brecker left the room and Echo dressed in silence.  She’d had plenty of practice making no noise the countless mornings she’d readied for defender training.
Echo met Brecker at the usual spot at the foot of the stairs.  She was suddenly stung with an adventure bug when her brother’s smile reached her.  They didn’t dare to even whisper until they were at least a quarter of a mile from the house.  With Brecker next to her and the heightened sense of adventure rushing through her, the darkness felt less threatening.  A crescent sliver of moon hung in the sky, providing weak light.  It reminded Echo of a hoof print.
They reached the valley and Echo waited for Brecker’s sharp whistle.  Midnight Sun and Shimmer stood apart from the herd, their heads raised and their faces toward them as if they were expecting them.  Shimmer’s creamy mane and tail contrasted with the surrounding darkness. The horses whinnied at seeing their friends and cantered up to them.
Echo forgot the darkness altogether as she hugged Shimmer’s neck.  She buried her face in the unnaturally silky hair and ran her fingers along the horse’s muscular neck; it was so soft, it felt as smooth as a finely polished stone.  She savored the sensation, rubbing Shimmer’s hair and messaging her neck.
Echo had always felt close to the horse, but something was different tonight.  Thoughts came to her, not so much in words, but in images and sensations.  She felt as if nothing separated her from Shimmer, like everything was laid bare and all the secrets and mysteries between human and beast were dissolved.  Shimmer nickered and bent her neck back until her soft muzzled touched Echo’s back.  She, too, seemed to understand a change between them.
Brecker spoke so softly, Echo almost didn’t hear him.  “Echo.  Do you feel it?  Do you feel something stronger with Shimmer than just a horse and rider connection?  Something…”
Brecker’s sentence trailed off as if he couldn’t find the right word to describe what he was experiencing.  Echo smiled and responded just as softly, “Something beautiful.”
The experience not only left Echo feeling closer to Shimmer, but a closeness to Brecker that she hadn’t known since she was small.  Brecker’s eyes shone and he leaped suddenly onto Midnight Sun’s bare back.  “Come on!” he laughed as he said the words.  “Let’s ride!”
Echo’s euphoric mood ebbed away.  “What? But, what about the bridles and saddles?  Shimmer’s training isn’t done, and I’ve never ridden her bareback.”
Brecker shook his head.  “After what you just felt, do you really think you’ll need a bridle or saddle?”
Echo looked into Shimmer’s orb of an eye.  The horse nickered softly, then gestured with her delicate head toward her back.  Echo chuckled.  “Well, if you say so!”  It seemed as natural as breathing to spring off of the ground and land softly on Shimmer’s back.
Brecker looked at Echo and they beamed wide smiles at each other.  In a breath, horses and riders were racing smoothly across the valley at blinding speed.  A thrill of danger washed over Echo.  Unable to see the ground for the darkness, she felt as if they were soaring through a blackened sky.
Pure joy.  It was as if she were running with her own legs, strong, fast, and free of human confinements.  Shimmer neighed and shot forward, even faster.  The horse’s power and speed were intoxicating. Echo could hear Brecker’s laughter, and she made no attempts to stop her own from trailing on the wind behind her.
The horses ran the entire circle of the valley, never slowing, never tiring.  When finally they did return to their starting point, Echo was disappointed.  She could’ve ridden that way forever.
The teens rode their horses at a walk for several minutes, allowing their mounts to cool.  Neither one of them spoke, but cast smiles at each other, each understanding how the other was feeling.
Small streaks of gray rippled from the horizon.  Reluctantly, the teens dismounted.  They stood in silence for several minutes more as they watched their horses walk a short distance and then flop to the ground and roll.  Echo could feel the wonderful sensation of the soft grass rubbing the sweat from her back--or, she giggled, she could feel it rubbing Shimmer’s back.  It was a curious sensation, knowing what her horse was feeling.
Echo sat down just as the horses rose and began to crop the sweet grass with their teeth.  Brecker lay down beside her and, together, they watched the dawn gradually dim the lights of the stars.
When Brecker finally spoke, his voice was still soft.  “That was amazing.  It felt almost like we were flying.”
Echo smiled.  “I felt that way, too.”  The joy of the ride still poured over her heart.
“I wish everyone could experience that feeling,” Brecker said.  “Then there would be no darkness of souls, no shadow dwellers.”
Echo’s joy plummeted at her brother’s words.  Why did he have to spoil the moment?
“Echo,” Brecker said and leaned against one elbow so that he could look her in the face. “I’m thinking of leaving home.”
The words felt as if someone had slapped her.  Shimmer raised her head and looked at her, then continued to graze with one eye fixed on Echo.  “What are you talking about?” Echo asked.
“I’m of age, now, Echo.  It’s time for me to be on my own anyway.  Besides,” he lay back down and stared at the sky, scowling, “I feel like a prisoner at home anymore.  I can’t do anything right.  Dad’s always on my case. I feel like he’s choking the life out of me!”
Worry crept like a shadow over their peacefulness.  “You know Dad loves you.” That was all she could think to say.  She didn’t like where this conversation was going.
Brecker snorted.  “He has a funny way of showing it.”  He was silent for a moment. Then he sat up and scowled.  “I want to help Mavel and Moodey, Echo.”
Echo’s stomach flopped unpleasantly.  Though she couldn’t explain why, she had a strong negative feeling about the couple.  “Brecker, don’t.  You know how dad and Dorian feel about them,” she said, leaving her own feelings out of the equation.  
Brecker forced a laugh.  “Dad and Dorian!  Both of them are more concerned with themselves than anything else.”
“That’s not true, Brecker,” Echo stated firmly.
He ignored her and continued. “They just don’t want to see the danger here.  We have to do something now, before it’s too late.  And Mavel and Moodey have a solution.  They’re ready to take action, same as me.”  He stood up and Echo followed, fearful that Brecker was going to take off to Ulway at that very moment and join forces with Mavel and Moodey.
“I don’t know, Brecker,” she said nervously.  She wished she could better put her feelings to words.
“I was hoping you, of all people, would understand, Echo.  You’re a defender, too.  You should want the same thing as I do --protection for the people we love and for all of Shae Vale.”
“I do, but…”
“But you’re too soft.” His sharp words felt like a punch in the gut.  Echo swallowed the lump that threatened to form in her throat.  She expected Brecker to say more, but was relieved when he walked away instead.  He stopped after a few paces and, without turning toward her said, “C’mon.  It’s time for training.”


Chapter 8
Becoming

As they approached Dorian, the elf looked at each of them in turn.  With just a glance, he seemed to sense that something wasn’t quite right.  Echo didn’t want to answer the questions that shone in her instructor’s eyes.  Thankfully, he didn’t ask them.  Instead, he bowed his head in greeting.  “We have a surprise for you today,” he said, his features brightening.  “Follow me.”
The teens followed Dorian’s elegant form through the trees and into the heart of Thildin. Echo’s spirits rose as the musical sound of elvish laughter danced in the air around them.  Birds sang joyously from the tree tops, and morning sunlight warmed the sandstone buildings.
They approached a small but beautifully made hut that Echo knew to be the weapons storage building.  They’d chosen their sparring weapons hundreds of times from the cool walls of the decorated room inside.  Life-like paintings along the tops of the walls told colorful tales of elvish battles and victories from over the centuries.  Echo had often wondered how the artists could get the figures to look as if they could leap off the canvas of the wall at any moment.
As they approached the building, Echo was pleased to see her elvish friend, Alena, standing at the entrance.  Her silky, dark hair ruffled in the breeze as she smiled at Echo with her sparkling obsidian eyes.  Echo had to force herself not to think about her average appearance whenever she was with her friend.
Brecker’s friend, Thalen, stood at the opposite side of the door, his perfectly straight teeth shining at Brecker.  His longer, honey-colored hair was pulled back from his sculpted face.
Their friends each held silky cloths under which something was hidden.  Both young elves wore elaborate clothing befitting a special occasion.  A dark, flowing dress accented Alena’s hair and eyes, and Thalen sported fine, golden leather, complimenting his glowing tones.
Four elders, two at each of the younger elves’ sides, stood quietly waiting.  Echo felt butterflies in her stomach.  What could all this mean?  She shot Alena a questioning look, but was only given another secretive smile in return.
Dorian signaled for the teens to stop, then took two paces forward until he was close to Alena and Thalen.  He turned and faced Brecker and Echo.  “Today is a day that every understudy longs to find,” Dorian began.  Echo and Brecker glanced at each other with excitement.  They suddenly understood what was happening and what was hidden beneath the silky cloths.
Dorian continued, “No longer will you be called underlings.”  He gave them a laughing smile.  “And no longer will you be viewed as youngsters in training.  Today is your day of Becoming.  Today, you become warriors.  Today, you become defenders.  Today, you become equals to those who have fought to protect our lands and our peoples over the centuries.”
Echo’s mind flashed to the uncle she’d never known who’d fallen defending this land.  Rather than allow his death to deter her from becoming an official defender, she let it fuel her desire and determination to become worthy of the title.
Dorian turned to Alena and Thalen.  Echo could barely keep herself composed as the silky cloths were gracefully removed from the breath-taking weapons.  They were made from indestructible elvish steel and gleamed in the light. 
Brecker was awarded a magnificent sword, and Echo would receive two long, curved daggers.  The elders moved forward, each pressing two fingers to their lips, then to the blades.  They repeated the gesture, pressing their fingers against Echo and Brecker’s foreheads.  As their soft fingers touched Echo’s skin, a pulse of energy, the elves’ blessings, rippled down her body, empowering her with a new sense of purpose.
The older elves all stood aside, allowing Alena and Thalen to step forward.  The friends extended the blades toward the teens, bowing their heads in respect to the new defenders.  The power of that moment, as Echo saw her elf friend, who she’d always seen as superior, bowing her head and handing her the daggers, overwhelmed Echo.  She fought back tears as she and Brecker simultaneously grasped their weapons and raised them to the sun, claiming them as their own.
The blades seemed to sing in response, sensing the touches of their masters.  The weapons carried intricate designs along the blades, and elvish letters were etched in the steel. Their words were Echo’s and Brecker’s purpose; “Guardian of life, hope, and love.”
Brecker’s sword was a masculine work of art.  Fiery spikes of silver jutted to the sides of the hilt and curled back to make a perfect fit around his hand.  The blade was perfectly balanced and shone in the sun like white fire. His expression was hungry as he held the weapon.
Echo’s daggers were nearly half the length of Brecker’s sword with sharp, curved blades. Their hilts were also curved, just enough for Echo’s hands to grip them tightly.  The guard designs were like a swirled ribbon of silvery mist suspended in time.  The ends of the ribbons were spiked with one end curled toward the hilt and the other toward the blade.  The pommels came to a diamond-shaped point, finishing the beautiful craftsmanship. She was given a back scabbard made of fine, golden leather.  Echo practiced grasping the daggers and pulling them from the scabbard on her back and replacing them.  The motion gave her a sense of power.
Brecker and Echo bowed, showing their tremendous gratitude for the gifts given.
The teens later tested their steel as they sparred with their friends.  The younger elves, who were in fact still decades older than either of them, had helped them earn their weapons as surely as Dorian had done.  Without their relentless sparring sessions, neither Echo nor Brecker could’ve achieved a defender’s title.
Echo sparred joyously with Alena.  She knew that had she and Brecker been of elvish descent, they would’ve had a much grander ceremony.  But that didn’t dampen her spirits as Alena’s eyes sparkled at her with a new sense of equality.
Echo fought with no reservations.  Her new blades felt like extensions of her own body as she and Alena spun around each other like graceful dancers.  Alena’s hair tickled the air around her as she thrust her sword.  Echo blocked the blade by crossing her daggers in front of her, sending a pure tone through the trees as metal struck metal.  She didn’t feel any tiredness as they sparred, and she didn’t feel the sweat trickle against the back of her neck under her thick auburn braid.  She only felt excitement.
Echo’s vision occasionally caught the forms of Brecker and Thalen as they, too, tested Brecker’s new weapon. Her brother’s voice was fierce as he attacked Thalen with unrelenting energy.
When they were finished, the four came together, all beaming.  “What a glorious day and a glorious occasion!” Alena said, her voice smooth and sultry.  They all expressed their agreement to her statement.  Echo savored returning her weapons to their carrier one more time as they walked away from the sparring grounds and chatted happily.
As their conversation slowed, Thalen spoke more seriously, “Our elders and our seers have been communing often these days.”
“Have you heard what they’ve been discussing?” Brecker asked.
“Not from them.  But Alena and I have heard whispers.” They all looked up at the tree branches that swayed gently in the breeze, leaning into one another as if whispering secrets to each other.
Alena spoke next, her strong voice causing Echo to jump slightly.  “They’ve been talking about the return of an ancient doon warrior--one that fought in the Doon Wars.  His name is Belzac.”
“They have names?” Echo asked.  She didn’t like the idea of shadow dwellers having something as personal as a name.
Alena chuckled at her.  “They are beings, same as you and me.”
Echo felt strange.  She’d always envisioned shadow dwellers as cold, unfeeling, things. Not living, breathing, name-given beings.
“What does this mean for Thildin Valley and the villages?” Brecker questioned.
“It means we may be in more danger than we thought.  Belzac hasn’t been seen since the Kavalah defeated the doons at the end of the wars three millennia ago,” Thalen answered.
“The Kavalah?  Who are they?” Echo asked, suddenly more curious.
Alena looked incredulously at her.  “Dorian has never told you about the Kavalah?” She stopped and stared as if she thought Echo had lied.
“N-No,” Echo stammered.
Alena looked at Thalen and they studied each other for a moment.  Echo wondered enviously if they both possessed the power to hear each other’s thoughts.  Then, Alena spoke, “Well, he must have his reasons for keeping this from you, though I can’t determine what those reasons would be.  The main concern is that Belzac may have returned.”
“And what are your elders planning to do to stop him?” Brecker asked.  His face was getting that fierce look that Echo had learned to fear; the look that meant he was ready to be reckless.
Thalen studied his friend, then answered, “I am uncertain.”
Echo tensed as her brother’s expression hardened.  “That’s not good enough,” he said and then turned on his heal and left, leaving a heavy, uncomfortable silence in his wake.


Chapter 9
Kavalah

Later that day, Echo entered the room where she and her siblings studied with Dorian every day.  She wasn’t surprised to see only Mari sitting at one of the pine tables, her face bent over an open scroll. Brecker wasn’t coming.
Dorian gave her a soft, understanding look, and then motioned for her to sit.  He didn’t speak, but folded his hands in front of him and waited.  Echo didn’t hesitate to ask the burning question.  “Who were the Kavalah?”
Mari’s head shot up, as if she just realized Echo was there.  She scowled and asked, “Where’s Brecker?”  She didn’t seem to notice Echo’s new weapons.
“I don’t know,” Echo said, still looking expectantly at Dorian.  Mari turned her face to the elf, too.  Before Dorian could answer the first question, the second flew out of her mouth.  “Why didn’t you tell us about them before?” She suddenly felt irritated with the elf, as if he’d purposely kept an important secret from them for his own amusement.
Dorian spoke evenly as he answered, “The Kavalah were warriors of the sky.  It was important to wait until this very moment to tell you about them.”  His eyes remained steady and unblinking as he studied Echo, waiting for her reaction.
“Why?  What’s so important about waiting until now to tell us?”
Dorian smiled and said, “Because now, you asked.” He looked at Echo with raised brows and a lop-sided grin. Echo struggled to keep her composure.  She didn’t find his answer amusing.
When Echo remained moodily silent, Dorian continued to explain, “The Kavalah, as I said, were warriors from the sky.  They rode winged creatures and wielded crystal swords that utilized light as a weapon.”
Echo forgot her irritation as her imagination raced with images of warriors astride mighty dragons, shooting light from the ends of their crystal swords.  “So, they were dragon riders?” she asked.
“We, meaning the elves and certain other ancient races, believe not.  We believe they rode winged horses.”
Mari gasped as Echo’s heart raced.  Her imagination could barely comprehend such a beautiful image.
“Winged horses?” Mari asked, her eyes shining.  Then her brows came together slightly.  “I’ve never read anything anywhere about Kavalah or winged horses.  Surely, if they really existed, they would’ve been documented.”
Dorian smiled at her, causing her cheeks to flush.  Echo wondered how long it would be before her sister realized that Dorian was at least a hundred years older than she.
The elf turned away and, reaching toward the topmost shelf of the pine scroll case, pulled two scrolls that Echo had never noticed before.  He placed them on the table and carefully opened them with his long, gentle fingers.  The parchment was brittle with age and crackled in protest against being ignored for so long.  Mari immediately stood, leaning over strange words that seemed to whisper secrets long forgotten.  She scowled and asked, “Why can’t I read this?  These symbols aren’t the same as the elvish writing you taught us.”
“They are of the ancient tongue, written almost three thousand years ago.  I will tell you their story,” Dorian said.  He sat down between the girls, allowing them to stare at the symbols as he spoke.  Echo gave a small gasp as she watched the letters literally dance on the page, caressed by Dorian’s voice.  They told their age-old story…
“The Kavalah, noble warriors of the sky, astride sons and daughters of wind and sun, strove to end the war that had clamored below them for nearly ten moon cycles. Azura, their queen, cried great tears over the blood shed on the land she loved.  She sent her elite, which were great in number, to end the violence that tore at her heart, causing it to bleed for peace.
“The valiant warriors, graceful, beautiful, and powerful, descended on the enemy with little compassion.  But the enemy was strong.  Yea, stronger than Azura had anticipated.  The shadows overwhelmed them, nearly destroying their number.”
Echo and Mari sat at the edges of their tree-stumps, their minds swallowed up in the images of the valiant warriors falling hopelessly to the shadows.
Dorian continued, “With great mourning for the loss of her elite, Azura’s rage surfaced against the shadows in the land.  She called for her greatest warrior, Dylarian.  They went forth as one and as the sun was raised that fateful morn, Dylarian’s light shown brightly, cutting the shadows like blades of grass before them.  The peoples of Shae Vale rejoiced, finally seeing their victory after struggling so long a winter in battle. 
“But, alas, their celebration was premature.  One shadow was left standing.  One doon, more powerful than any other, challenged her majesty.  Azura and Dylarian battled the doon, whose name was Belzac, over the land of the star and crescent moon. In one fateful moment, Dylarian’s light burst forth, swallowing them, all three, into oblivion.  The queen and her warrior were lost for the saving of all others.”
Dorian slowly settled back, his expression somber.  Echo and Mari were silent, their minds and hearts swarming with the images of the warrior queen and her faithful falling to the shadows.  Finally, Echo asked, “What happened to them? Azura and Dylarian?”
“It remains unknown, though most believe that they returned to the sky as spirits, riding forever in the wind and the clouds.”
“What of the rest of the Kavalah?” Mari asked.  “Were there none left to carry on, to give tribute to their queen?”
“We believe this scroll tells a bit of that history, though most of it is now too faded to read,” Dorian said as he opened the second scroll.  It was more reluctant to uncurl than the first, and its pages were terribly faded.  “From what we have been able to interpret, many Kavalah and their horses, which were named Aleniah, survived the war.  But no one seems to know what happened to them.  Even secret keepers, like the woodland fae, know little of that final battle.  Its secrets have been lost in the ravages of time.” Even though Echo had never seen one, woodland fae had always fascinated her.  They could become one with the trees and kept the secrets of Shae Vale from centuries past to the present.
The girls were both thoughtful, gazing at the old parchment, hoping it would find a voice of its own and fill in the missing pieces of the three thousand year old mystery.
Then, Echo asked again, “So, why tell us now?  Does this have to do with rumors of Belzac returning?”
Mari started, then looked fearfully at Dorian.  “The doon from the story?  He’s back? But how?”
Dorian remained calm, though Echo guessed she knew something that she shouldn’t.  He spoke reassuringly, “Our seers have caught visions of a powerful doon rising from the past.  We cannot be certain that doon is Belzac. Any doon is a threat, and precautions will be made in the event that one does resurface here.”
Echo felt no comfort from Dorian’s assurances.  If light-wielding warriors from the sky couldn’t defeat Belzac, how would they, who had no such weapons or skills, defeat any doon?
“Is it true that a doon’s handshake can enslave a person?  I mean, I read that a doon can do that, and if that person disobeys, they’ll suffer terrible pain and dark visions.” Mari’s face was pale as the words rushed from her mouth.  Echo turned to Dorian, horrified at what her sister had said.
 “Unfortunately, it is true.  It is wise to keep farther than arm’s length away from a doon,” Dorian said.  Echo gulped.  She wouldn’t have any problem keeping several thousand miles from a doon!
“And no one has any idea what happened to the warriors of the sky?” Mari asked.
“As I said before, their story is unclear.  Though, we do have notions…” Dorian’s sentence trailed off and he looked at Echo intently.  Thinking he was expecting her to offer an idea on the subject, she shrugged.
“What kind of notions?  What do you mean?” she asked.
Dorian stared at her until she began to feel uncomfortable, he then looked at Mari until her cheeks reddened under his gaze.  Finally, he sighed and then said, “I believe the answers to your questions, and mine, will come in due course.”
He swiftly snatched the scrolls form the table and placed them back on the shelf.  They finished their lessons without mentioning the Kavalah again.
Mari stayed in the village after lessons to deliver the scrolls their mother had finished. Echo found herself walking home alone with her romantic thoughts.  She tried to imagine the queen Azura.  She must’ve been breath-taking!  She imagined a queen astride a gleaming, white, winged horse.  And her handsome, faithful warrior at her side, ready to die for his queen.  The image of the man from her dream flashed in her mind as she thought of the warrior, Dylarian. She couldn’t help the smile that crept across her lips.
Echo’s soft leather boots made no sound as she walked, so she started when she heard a distinct noise behind her.  She stopped abruptly.  The sound stopped a fraction of a second later.  Her musings vanished instantly, replaced by frightening thoughts of Belzac the doon and his army of shadow dwellers.  Echo forced herself to breath slowly and quietly, tuning every sense to her surroundings.  The hairs on the back of her neck prickled and she knew in one horrific moment that she was being watched.


Chapter 10
Deadly Handshake

Echo drew her daggers as quietly as she could and turned slowly in a circle, the weapons extended in front of her.  The blades caught a beam of sunlight that filtered through the trees.  The flash of light reminded her of Dorian’s story and the crystal swords of the Kavalah, giving Echo a bit of confidence.  But her confidence was short lived as the sensation of another presence became overwhelming; it surrounded her, smothering her with unease.  She searched the trees with her eyes, desperate to catch a glimpse of what she was feeling, hoping desperately to see only a deer or rabbit.
A smell tickled her nostrils.  She stood in the midst of a grove of elder trees, but the distinct aroma of pine met her senses.
Echo screamed, then spun her blades around as a figure appeared out of nowhere yelling, “BOO!”  Echo’s blades froze open against the soft flesh of Keebo’s neck like a giant pair of scissors.  Had she not the reflexes she possessed, she would’ve certainly chopped his head off!
“KEEBO!  You IDIOT!  I could’ve killed you!” she screamed as she lowered her daggers.
Keebo stood frozen in shock, his eyes as wide as saucers.  Echo couldn’t help laughing as she returned her weapons to their scabbard.  “For once, I scared you more that you scared me!”
Keebo finally relaxed, leaned over with his hands against his knees, and breathed deeply a few times.  He then looked up at her, his blue-green eyes shining.  “I think I almost wet myself,” he said and laughed.
“You should’ve seen your expression!”  Echo said, and they recounted the whole thing in detail, laughing until their sides hurt.
Finally stopping enough to catch her breath, Echo wiped her eyes and asked, “So what are you doing here anyway?”
Keebo continued to smile, causing a dimple to form, and then scratched at the hair above his ear.  “I came to see you, of course.  I heard you and Brecker Became today and, judging by the very fancy weapons you nearly sliced my head off with, I see I heard right.”
Echo chuckled again.  “Sorry.  I’m just jumpy.” She grew serious as they walked a few paces in silence.  Keebo studied her, then suddenly ran up the trunk of a tree and snatched something from a branch.  He somersaulted through the air and landed softly in front of a startled Echo.
Keebo’s face was tender as he slowly opened his cupped hands.  An opalescent butterfly, unharmed by Keebo’s gentle fingers, flexed its shimmering wings. Tiny rainbows slid back and forth across their surfaces.  “Token for your musings?” Keebo smiled at her, his slanted brows raised questioningly.
Echo couldn’t keep from smiling.  Keebo’s boyish face looked expectantly at her as a finger of breeze ruffled his glowing blond hair.  Echo unconsciously twirled the end of her braid around her left index finger as she stretched her right hand forward, allowing Keebo to place the butterfly in her palm.  A tingling pulse swept up her arm as his soft fingers brushed against hers.
Echo studied the butterfly for a moment, watching its shiny wings flex open and shut. Then, it fluttered away, back up to where Keebo had so rudely snatched it. She wished she could free her troubled thoughts as easily.  She walked a few more paces with Keebo beside her.  They were moving slowly, but his mannerisms betrayed more energy than he was expending.  He fidgeted with his shirt, tore a leaf from a hanging branch, scratched at his hair again, and picked up a stone, only to toss it into the trees.
Echo took a deep breath and spoke, “I’m really worried about Brecker.  He’s changing.”
Keebo folded his hands behind his back and gave her his full attention as they continued to walk.
Echo spoke faster, suddenly eager to share her concerns with someone.  “He’s planning on leaving home and joining Mavel and Moodey, and he seems so angry all the time.”
Keebo remained silent, so Echo rushed forward again.  “And now, the elves are talking about a doon from three thousand years ago returning to power.”
Keebo’s voice was so soft, Echo thought that she was hearing things.  “Belzac,” he whispered.
Echo stopped in her tracks and surveyed her friend.  “How do you know about Belzac?” she asked suspiciously.
Keebo gave her a crooked smile and said, “The trees told me.”
Echo sighed impatiently.  “Trees don’t talk to humans and you know it!”
“They would if humans listened.”
Echo shook her head.  “They talk to fairies and some elves.  Not humans.”
Keebo shrugged.  “If you say so.  So, do you think the Kavalah will return and save the day if Belzac returns?”
Echo gawked at him.  “You know about the Kavalah, too?”
Her friend’s face flushed and his eyes gave away that he’d once again let slip something he shouldn’t have.  “Well, yeah,” he said slowly.  “The trees told me?” he put the statement in a question, probably hoping Echo would accept the answer.  She didn’t.
Echo put her hands to her hips and glared at Keebo.  Did he really think she was that stupid?
“Okay, okay. I was sneaking around Thildin one night, just for the fun of it--elves are so fascinating--and I overheard the elders talking.  That’s it.  I’ve confessed everything,” he said, raising his palms in surrender.
Echo’s mind shifted from annoyance to curiosity.  “Did you hear anything else?  Are the elves preparing to fight? Are they trying to find the Kavalah?”
“I’ve told you all I know, Echo.  Sorry.” Keebo truly looked disappointed that he had no more to tell her.  They walked in silence for a few moments more.
“Did you enjoy your ride this morning?” As soon as the words were out of his mouth, Keebo slapped his hand over his face and pulled it slowly downward until all that remained covered was his mouth.
Echo looked at him incredulously.  “What is up with you? Have you been spying on me?” A strange mixture of fury and flattery churned in her chest.
“N-No, Echo.  I wasn’t spying on you.” Keebo looked nervously at the trees as their leaves stirred in the breeze.  “Oh, I have to go!  Dad’s looking for me.  Bye!”
He was gone in an instant with Echo’s angry cries chasing him through the trees.  She was going wild with curiosity, wondering what other secrets Keebo was keeping from her.  She also felt a twinge of hurt pride.  Why would he keep secrets from his best friend?
This question plagued Echo’s mind over the next several weeks along with the ever-present sense of foreboding that hung over her family like a dark cloud.  Brecker continued to alienate himself from the rest of the family.  Most of his time was spent in Ulway, visiting Moodey and Mavel and making plans for destroying evil.  Every time he returned from one of these meetings, things between him and their dad became more and more tense.  Their mother was grumpier than usual and often joined in the yelling and screaming as she made known every chance she had how much she disapproved of anyone in her family being a defender.  Echo and Mari usually remained silent and solemn.  Mari finally avoided family gatherings all together, leaving Echo trying to keep some sort of peace.  Her voice was usually drowned out by the yells and she eventually gave up.
However, Echo did continue attempting to persuade Brecker from going into Ulway.  She made one last try after a sparring session one day. They hadn’t sparred much since the day of their Becoming, and Echo had hoped it would be a chance to talk with Brecker.
The summer air was heavy and the sun was stifling as they fought.  Brecker showed no mercy and Echo’s muscles were beginning to tire. Sweat stung her eyes and clung to her body.  What she wouldn’t give for a breeze! Smiling to herself, she spun her daggers by her sides, creating a nice breeze--and a nice threatening effect.
The teens leapt at one another, their weapons flashing in the glaring sun and sparking madly as they crashed into each other.  Echo pushed with all her might, attempting to force Brecker’s solid form away from her.  He fell back of his own accord and they circled each other, eyes locked.  “You don’t have to let me win, Brecker,” Echo stated.
“I’m not.  Just keep your guard up, and don’t be afraid to hurt me,” Brecker said.
Echo leapt at him, thrusting a dagger toward his torso.  He twisted his body, avoiding the blade.  Echo spun too and, for a moment, they were like dancers circling one another in an elegant routine.  Their hair and clothing ruffled silently around their bodies, enhancing their graceful movements.  The illusion was shattered as the weapons struck each other again.  Brecker came at Echo with determined fierceness, swinging his body and blade swiftly.  Echo matched his movements, blocking his assaults with her quicker reflexes and smaller form.  She spun again, slicing her blades through the air toward Brecker.  He dodged her assault, but barely. As Echo passed, the sharpness of one of her daggers sliced the front of Brecker’s shirt.
Echo’s body was caught in the momentum of her spin. She passed her brother and as her back turned toward him, she felt a sharp slap against her muscles.  She yelled in pain, falling to her knees.  Brecker had used the broad side of his sword, hitting her forcefully across the back.
Tears stung Echo’s eyes.  It wasn’t so much the physical pain, but the fury she’d felt from Brecker as he’d made the blow.  Within a split second, he had his sword at her throat.  “I win!  I told you not to be afraid to hurt your opponent, Echo, or they will hurt you.”
Echo’s anger ignited as quickly as a grass fire.  She spun her head around, sending her braid flying around her body.  She glared up at her brother.  “I’m not your enemy, Brecker!”  She stood, forcing his blade away from her neck with a dagger.  “You’ve become a real jerk, you know that?  Moodey’s done nothing but turn your mind into muddled mush!”
Brecker gave her a strange smile that did not reach his eyes, which were shadowed and unfriendly.  “You don’t have a clue what Moodey has taught me.  He and his cloaked friend have given me a new perspective on everything.  You’ll be thanking him, and me, when you’re being attacked by shadow dwellers or dark sorcerers and need our help.”
Echo shook her head slowly.  “Don’t go back to them, Brecker. You’ve been going there for weeks and you still don’t even know that man’s name.  You’ve never even seen his face.  How can you trust him? Please, at least talk to Dad, he’s just trying to--”
“Trying to hold me back?” Brecker interrupted.  “Trying to tie me down to this mundane life of chores and minding my own business?  No thanks!  Dad doesn’t know what’s out there.  He hasn’t learned all that I have.”
“Then tell him.”
Brecker stared at the trees, his brows furrowed.  He was breathing heavier now than while they’d been sparring.  “I’ve tried.  He doesn’t want to hear it.  And,” he turned and gave Echo a fierce look, “I guess neither do you.”
He turned and stormed away.  Fury and fear wrestled in Echo’s heart.  Brecker was being completely irrational.  His mind was closed to anything except what Moodey and his strange friend were filling it with.
After several minutes, Echo stomped along the edge of Thildin Valley, her mind swirling with a million thoughts.  The trees of Thildin formed a wall to her left as she walked toward home.  Without warning, Brecker and Midnight Sun burst through the trees in front of her and raced across Thildin Valley toward Ulway.  Echo screamed, then watched in awe as the pair quickly became a spec in the distance.  Midnight’s speed was astonishing!  The rest of the elvish herd whinnied from the far side of the valley before resuming their grazing.
Echo stared after Brecker, struggling with an idea that she knew might get her into more trouble with her brother. When Shimmer separated from the herd and ran to her, Echo didn’t hesitate to leap onto her back.  She gave no command, but let the strong desire to follow Brecker fill her heart and mind.  Shimmer whinnied, reared, and took off.
For a moment, Echo forgot her dark emotions as the amazing feeling of pure freedom washed over her.  Grass and shrubs, rocks and dirt, melded together in a smooth blur as horse and rider flew over the ground.  Shimmer’s powerful muscles slid easily under her shining coat and her silky mane caressed Echo’s face and hands.  Within minutes, Ulway came into view.
Echo slowed Shimmer to a trot.  Although the horse was not winded, the heat of the day caused lather to form on her sweating neck.  Echo dismounted a half a mile from the village and softly commanded Shimmer to stay near the river.  The horse happily obeyed, diving into the water and taking a deep draught of cool liquid.  Echo momentarily felt her friend’s joy, but then became serious as she focused on finding Brecker.
She couldn’t explain why, but she didn’t want him to know she was here.  She just wanted to see exactly what was going on.  What did they talk about in these meetings?  Where did they go? Did they practice fighting?  Was Moodey a swordsman?  Somehow, she didn’t think so.  The thought of Moodey or his wife wielding any type of weapon seemed humorous.  But the other mysterious man could very well be a fighter.
Using the skill of stealth she had learned from Dorian, Echo walked silently from one spot to another.  She hid behind a bush, then glided to the shadow of a cottage at the edge of town.  If she kept to the shadows, she’d less likely be seen.  Echo stifled a shiver as she thought of doons slithering from one shadow to another.  She suddenly felt wrong, as if she were doing something forbidden.
Echo shook her head.  Get a hold of yourself!  You’re not a doon and you’re not doing anything wrong!  She took a deep breath and exhaled slowly.  Voices reached her, and she crouched to avoid being seen.
She scanned the area.  The village was fairly quiet, but a few people strolled along the streets, stopping to chat before continuing on their way.  Echo smirked as she noticed that many of the villagers wore Jiggers’ special necklaces.
Mavel and Moodey’s place was just four buildings in from where she sat on her heels.  It was quiet.  She didn’t see Brecker or Midnight Sun.
She waited for more people to pass before making her way closer to Moodey’s cottage.  Squeezing her way between two lilac bushes, she listened as muffled voices trailed through an open window.  Echo strained to hear what they were saying, but to no avail.  She began to make her way out of the bushes to get closer to the window, but gasped and ducked back into the shadows as the shaded back door of the cottage opened.
Brecker walked into the open, followed by the dark cloaked man.  Echo’s blood felt cold at the sight of that mysterious figure.  Something was frightening about him.  Why did he never show his face?  Why was he constantly under that black hood?
The man’s voice, clearer now that they were outside, carried on the air to Echo.  She’d been expecting a raspy voice to emanate from the figure, but it was surprisingly smooth and pleasant.  “Are you certain this is what you want, Brecker? Are you certain you wish to devote yourself to our cause?  Are you willing to do whatever I ask?”
“Absolutely.  My family doesn’t understand the dangers here.  They don’t want to listen,” Brecker said bitterly.
“I have listened, my friend.  I understand the dangers.  I understand them very well.”  The figure’s voice had become quiet, alluring.  Echo felt a horrid discomfort, like she was watching a spider lure a fly to its web.  She wanted to yell to Brecker to get away, but she didn’t want him angry at her for spying, so she remained silent.
“I know you have.  You and Mavel and Moodey have been amazing.  I’ll do whatever you ask of me,” Brecker stated firmly.  He and the figure stared at each other for several seconds as they stood in the shadow of the cottage.
“Then let us seal our purpose.  Let us form a pact of loyalty.”  The figure extended a dark-gloved hand.
It was a common gesture, but Echo’s heart pounded furiously against her chest.  Don’t do it, Brecker! She couldn’t explain why, but she did not want him to grasp that man’s hand.
Brecker slowly extended his right hand until it was alongside his companion’s.  The men’s hands hovered beside each other momentarily.  And then, in a motion that would haunt Echo’s dreams for the rest of her life, Brecker grasped the figure’s hand tightly.  In response, the figure’s dark fingers curled around Brecker’s hand like a bird of prey grasping some helpless creature.  Brecker’s eyes widened.  He struggled to break the bond, but without success.  A soft chuckle came from under the hood of the cloak.
With his free hand, the figure removed his hood, revealing a man-shaped, shadowy head.  Blazing orange eyes were its only discernible facial feature.  They bore into Brecker’s as the figure continued to chuckle.
Echo’s stomach lurched so violently, she thought she would vomit. Brecker’s horrific, painful scream sliced through the air.  The doon quickly covered Brecker’s mouth to stop the noise.  A horse’s shrill and angry scream sounded from far away.  What had they done to Midnight Sun? 
Brecker fell to his knees, his eyes wide and streaming with terror, his muffled scream betraying his pain. He tried again and again to pull away, but the doon held firm.  Finally, Brecker’s eyes rolled back as he collapsed, and the doon dragged his limp body into the cottage.
Echo remained in the bushes throughout the entire ordeal, restrained by fear.


Chapter 11
The Secret Place

Echo didn’t remember running away from the lilac bushes or through the edge of the village.  She didn’t remember Shimmer racing to her, sensing Echo’s panic.  She was just suddenly astride her horse, blindly racing across the earth toward Thildin.  The horrific scene played over and over in her mind and she screamed into the wind, releasing her own terror.  Shimmer increased speed at Echo’s cry.
Earth flew up and around their bodies as Shimmer came to a lurching stop in front of Echo’s home.  Her body felt like lead as she slid from Shimmer’s back and forced herself to run into the house.  Everyone was standing around the kitchen table.  Everyone except Brecker.  They all turned surprised faces toward Echo as she flung open the door.
She had expected to blurt out what had happened, allowing the words to flow like a raging river from her tongue.  But at seeing her family’s faces, the words caught in her throat and threatened to choke her.
Kiani was first to speak, “Where is your brother?  You go and tell him to get back here now!  He is not allowed to turn his back on us and neglect his chores all day!”
Echo just stood there, shaking.  Her knees began to buckle.  How could she tell them that their only son was now a slave to a doon--and that it was her fault?
Oran was the first to notice something wrong.  In two large strides, he was in front of Echo.  His gentle hands pressed against her shoulders and he looked worriedly into her eyes.  “What’s happened, Echo?  Are you alright?”
Tears pooled in Echo’s eyes and streamed down her cheeks.  Kiani’s expression changed from anger to worry as she raced over to them.  Mari stayed near the table, her face tight and pale.
Echo had to mentally command words to leave her mouth.  “I-It’s Brecker.” She got that much out, then fell to her knees and sobbed.  Oran knelt down with her and hugged her.  Kiani gasped and held her hands over her mouth.  Echo knew her mother was thinking her son was dead.  Echo felt like it’d be easier to tell them he was dead, but she forced herself to tell the truth.
After struggling through the entire ordeal, she finished by shouting, “It’s all my fault!  I never should’ve let him go! I fought with him, and then I didn’t try to help him--I just sat there and watched it all happen!”  Echo broke down completely then, feeling the pain through her body until it throbbed in her fingertips.  She cried harder than she ever had in her life. Her dad held her tightly.
“Shhh.  It’s not your fault, Echo.  It’s not your fault.” He rocked back and forth, as if rocking a small child.  Echo kept her face buried in his chest, wanting nothing more than to remain in his strong, reassuring arms.  She heard her mother sob, and felt her soft hand on hers, but she didn’t look up.
When finally she hiccupped an ending to her tears, Oran turned to Mari.  Through her swollen eyelids, Echo could see that her sister had been crying, too.  Her face was as white as a ghost’s.  “Mari, can you find Dorian?  We need his help.”
Mari nodded vigorously then raced out of the house.  The three remaining family members rose shakily to their feet.  Oran looked to Kiani.  He squeezed her hand as more tears streamed down her cheeks.  “Kiani, some tea, please.”  Kiani nodded and set herself to the task.  Echo admired her dad’s insight.  He understood his wife could handle things better if she kept busy.
Oran looked directly into Echo’s eyes and wiped her tears with his large thumbs.  “None of what’s happened is your fault.  I want you to remember that, okay?  If anything, I am to blame for being so hard on him.” His eyes were sad, and Echo could feel the heaviness of his heart.  She began to speak, to tell him it wasn’t his fault either, but he raised a finger to her lips before she could utter a word.  “Brecker made his own choice.  We have to try to accept that.  What is needed now is to find him and to find a way to break that spell.”
Echo nodded, not really feeling anything anymore. Her mind and body were numb with shock and fatigue.  She watched her dad hold her mother and they whispered things to each other she couldn’t hear.  She didn’t want to move. She didn’t want to think.  She just wanted to wake up from this nightmare.
Echo wasn’t certain how long it’d been since Mari had left, but it seemed like an eternity.  She’d somehow managed to walk to the kitchen and help her mother set out cups, tea leaves, and small elvish cakes.  Normally, Echo would’ve scarfed down several of the delicious cakes that her mother had become an expert at making.  But her appetite had fled.
Kiani set a steaming kettle in the center of the table and then sat.  Echo wasn’t sure what to do or say.  She and her mom didn’t spend a lot of time together and, with Echo feeling guilty about what had happened, she wasn’t sure how her mother would react.  Surprisingly, Kiani placed a gentle hand over Echo’s.  She couldn’t get herself to look up into her mother’s tortured eyes.  “Mom, I’m so sorry,” she said and a fresh set of tears streamed down her cheeks.
Kiani hugged her hard--something she hadn’t experienced from her mother in years.  As they pulled apart, Echo wiped her tears as her mother spoke, “Echo,” she said, her voice soft and slightly shaking, “I understand what you’re going through.  It isn’t easy, and it hurts so bad you feel like your heart is going to explode.” 
Kiani attempted a weak chuckle at Echo’s baffled expression, but then sighed.  “Echo, I haven’t been completely honest with you and your siblings.” She wrapped the end of a dish cloth around her index finger as she spoke.  “You see, your uncle wasn’t the only one in my family who trained as a defender.” She shifted uneasily in her seat as Echo’s interest piqued.  “I was also a defender.” 
Echo’s mouth dropped. “Mom, you?  Why didn’t you tell us before?” Echo asked, though she could’ve guessed the reason.
“You have to understand, I watched my brother die,” she said as new tears sprung into her eyes.  “Much like you watched what happened to Brecker today.  We are fortunate that he’s still alive and that you were there to witness it.  Otherwise, we would have never known what happened to him.”
Although her mother’s words were of little comfort, Echo’s curiosity was piqued.  “What happened with you and your brother?”
Kiani rubbed her eyes.  She continued to strangle the dish cloth as she spoke.  “We were so young, too young to take on sorcerers.  Your uncle was hot headed, like Brecker.  He was passionate about protecting his family and talked me into chasing this sorcerer with him.  We found the sorcerer and engaged in battle.” Kiani bit her lip and closed her eyes as if the scene from her past played inside the lids of her eyes.  Echo sat in morbid curiosity, wanting to learn the rest of the story.
Kiani opened her eyes and continued. “To make a long and miserable story short, I froze.  The sorcerer was much more powerful than we’d expected.  I was so afraid, and I lost my senses and my focus.  I just stood there and watched him kill my brother.”  She paused as she choked back a sob.  Echo’s heart went out to her mother.  She understood completely how her mother must’ve felt.
“I ran away.  I don’t even really remember running or coming to the village or telling our parents.  But I swore off defending after that.  Now you also know why I was so adamant about you two not defending.”
“I’m sorry, Mom.  I promise, I won’t train anymore.  I won’t defend,” Echo said.  She was certain it’d always been a mistake--she wasn’t cut out to be a defender.  She was a total failure at it.
Her mother gripped her wrist so hard, Echo yelped.  Kiani’s eyes looked into hers desperately.  “Echo, I was wrong!  You mustn’t give up now.  With your training and skills, you may be able to help Brecker.  Don’t give this up.  Not when it’s needed the most.  Don’t fail your brother like I failed mine!”
Echo gulped. She’d never seen her mother so intense.  “What do you mean?  I’ve already failed him.”
“No, you haven’t.  I should’ve gotten help and caught that sorcerer.  If I would’ve caught and destroyed him soon enough, all he’d done would’ve been undone.  Echo, your uncle could’ve lived!  Instead, the sorcerer was allowed to escape, and his death curse became permanent. I became so desperate from my failure, I even thought about seeking the Fate in the Dragon’s Tooth to change your uncle’s lot.  That would’ve been worse than his death, though, I think,” she said half to herself.
Echo’s brain couldn’t handle much more.  She saw her mother as a totally different person. She wasn’t just an obsessive neat freak who hated defenders.  She was someone who’d once been terribly broken; someone like her.
Echo hugged her mother and choked out the words, “I love you, Mom.”
“I love you, too.”
When they parted, Echo couldn’t help asking, “So what ever happened to that sorcerer?”
“Well,” Kiani answered as she wiped her tears with the dish cloth, “a married couple, defenders, finally caught up with him.  The husband was an elf from Andor, Thildin’s sister city.”
Echo was intrigued.  An elf from Andor!  She knew Andor was considered a “sister” city to Thildin, but Andor was at least five times as large.  Echo had often longed to visit the larger city.
“Was his wife an elf, too?” she couldn’t help asking.
“I think she was human.  Maybe even from the Other World, like your dad.  Sad thing, though, when they fought that sorcerer, she broke his staff and was blinded.”
Echo felt sad for the human defender that sacrificed so much for Shae Vale.  Then a thought struck her. “Was she able to see after the sorcerer died, then?  I mean, if all that he’d done was undone at his death, she should’ve gotten her sight back, right?”
“Sadly, no.  The damage wasn’t done by a curse from the sorcerer.  It was a burst of powerful magic released from his staff.  The damage was irreversible. Plus, he didn’t die that day, either.  He escaped.  He’s still out there somewhere.” Kiani gave a small shiver.
Echo wanted to ask more questions.  Her mother’s story was a welcome distraction from her own tortured thoughts and emotions.  However, at that moment, the front door swung open and Oran, Mari, and Dorian entered.  Echo felt ashamed all over again at seeing her instructor.  She’d failed him, too. 
More bodies appeared.  Two elders, a she-elf that Echo knew to be a seer, Thalen, and Alena filed into the kitchen.  Echo suddenly felt like she was on trial as all eyes rested on her.
Dorian took two graceful strides to her and placed a hand on Echo’s shoulder.  She slowly rose from her chair and returned the gesture.  As their hands lowered, Dorian spoke.  “Echo, I am sorry for your experience.  And I am sorry to have to ask this of you, but you must re-live it one more time.  Spare no detail in telling it to us so that we may know exactly what has taken place and what action we must take.”
Echo felt her insides quaver.  She didn’t want to try to remember details and, even more, she didn’t want to have to tell them to anyone.  Her mother squeezed her arm for assurance and her dad and sister came and stood beside her, giving support that Echo felt she didn’t deserve.
She took a deep breath, attempting to calm herself and focus her mind on what she had to tell.  But before she could begin, the door opened one more time, allowing Keebo and Jiggers to enter.  Echo stared at Keebo, shocked but somehow grateful at his presence.  He stared back at her and, with just a look, somehow gave her the strength to begin her story.
Echo relived each horrid detail from her and Brecker’s sparring, to their fight, to her following him to Ulway.  She faltered when she came to the handshake as the horrid image and the echo of her brother’s scream filled her mind.  She finished in a rush, eager to be done before she lost control of her emotions completely.  The faces of the people around her were grim, concerned.
The elders looked to one another and to Dorian.  They seemed to understand each other without words as they made a circle around the seer.  Thalen and Alena joined them and the seer closed her eyes.  A low humming sound seemed to emanate from the room, pulsating strangely. Echo watched, absorbed in a ritual she’d only heard about until now--something that was usually forbidden to outsiders.  She felt a hand on hers and jumped.  Dorian had broken the circle and was joining with her right hand.  On her left, an elder grasped her other hand.
Echo gasped as a powerful wave of energy streamed through her.  She could sense everyone in the circle so clearly, as if she were connected to their minds.  Images of the doon suddenly appeared before her, causing her to scream.  Dorian’s soft voice reassured her, “Do not be afraid; it is only in your mind.  He cannot reach you here.”
Echo continued to stare at the illusion as hundreds of shadows formed around the doon.  Then, a great winged creature burst forward, its wings stretched out in a red silhouette.  And then, it was gone.  Everything vanished and the energy Echo had felt moments before trickled away.
The seer opened her eyes.  “I am sorry.  Nothing more will reveal itself.”
“Did you see Brecker? Is he safe?” Kiani asked.  Echo was grateful that her mother hadn’t seen what she had.  She wondered what it all had meant.
“We are uncertain,” Dorian spoke.  He nodded to the elders and the seer and they left.  “We need to search the villages.  Alena, could you please search at Auri?  And Thalen, search Silmah.  But,” Dorian raised a hand, keeping the younger elves from leaving, “be cautious.  The villagers are already uncertain of us.  Let us not give foundation to their concerns.”  Thalen and Alena nodded and then left silently.
“Oran, please accompany me to Ulway.  We will search for your son there.  Mari,” Dorian looked tenderly at Echo’s sister, “Go to the library in Thildin.  Begin to research anything you can find on doons and their curses.  Perhaps there is a counter-curse that would be useful.”
Mari beamed a smile at Dorian, seemingly pleased to be able to help.  Kiani spoke, “I’ll begin preparing a meal.  Everyone will be famished by the end of the day.” She turned to the kitchen and began organizing foods and cookware.
Dorian turned to Keebo and Jiggers.  “You must return to your shop.  Learn anything you can from the villagers that enter and, Keebo, please send the word along, will you?”
Keebo gave Dorian a nod, looked at Echo for a moment, then followed his dad out the door.
“What about me?” Echo asked. 
“You require rest, my friend.  Stay here for now.  We will call on you later.”
Echo tried to sleep.  She tossed and turned while images of Brecker and Belzac haunted her mind.  She cried again.  She wiped her tears again.  She paced around her room, looking past the papers cluttering her floor.  Then, the drawing of her secret place caught her attention.  It’d been weeks since she’d promised herself to go there.  Now, she felt drawn to it.  If she could find rest anywhere, it would be there.
After assuring her mother she’d be careful as she went for a walk, Echo strapped her daggers to her back and headed toward the river.  It wasn’t long until she found herself running, expending all the pent up negative energy from the day’s ordeals.  She reached a thick hedge of wild brush and stopped.  As she caught her breath, she walked along the bushes, looking for the small opening that led to her hide-away.  It’d been awhile, so she was afraid she might not find it.  But, there it was, just as she’d remembered.
A triangle of leaves formed around a small hole.  The opening looked only big enough to allow a small animal entrance, but Echo knew better.  She got on all fours and poked her head through the space.  The branches of the shrubs seemed to open up to her as her body squeezed through easily.  Soon, she was able to stand again as she reached the opposite side of the bushes.  She gazed around and smiled.
Nothing had changed.  A trickling stream from the river poured over natural stone steps into a small pond.  Lush greenery and flowers bordered the still, reflective water, guarding the pond from the outside world.  Willows dipped their fingers in the pond, causing ripples where dragon flies and pixies buzzed happily over the water’s surface.  Flowers sent out a sweet array of fragrances as bees bobbed in and out of their blossoms.  The serenity of the place wrapped around Echo like a favorite old blanket.  She wasn’t surprised when Shimmer appeared via another hidden opening near the stream.  The horse perked her ears in Echo’s direction and nickered softly.
Echo walked around the pond and hugged Shimmer, apologizing for earlier.  She’d left the poor horse in a panicked state when she’d run into the house.  “I’m sorry, Shimmer.  I’m so glad you were there to help me.  I would never have made it home without you.” Shimmer nickered again and gently rubbed Echo’s body with her head.  She was forgiven.  Echo didn’t want to even think of what it would’ve been like to have had to walk home after the experience with Brecker.  She was more grateful to her horse than she could ever say.
Shimmer seemed to understand Echo’s need and lay down next to the water near Echo’s favorite tree.  Maybe it was the fact that the tree was the only imperfect one there that caused her to be drawn to it.  An old, dark, gnarled trunk twisted upward, supporting a strange congregation of branches.  Dead, twisted twigs, that held a morbid beauty of their own, mingled with younger braches that carried contrastingly fresh, green leaves; other soft branches cascaded toward the ground, their foliage glowing gold in the sun as if they produced their own light.  The leaves fluttered softly, whispering with the wind.
One thick limb had broken, either from age or some ill weather.  The tip of it touched the soil, forming a tent of branches and dried leaves.  At the base of the trunk, young shoots curled around the old tree and broken limb as if to support and protect them.  Leaves littered the ground beneath, making an inviting resting place.
Shimmer nickered softly and Echo smiled and sat down , leaning into the horse’s warm, silky body.  Shimmer’s side rose and fell as she breathed rhythmically, rocking Echo softly.  Within seconds, she was sound asleep.
The sun was low when Echo opened her eyes.  The elves were just beginning to sing the sun to set.  Echo and Shimmer remained as they were as the birds, insects, and even the wind died down to the haunting beauty of the elvish song.  Their unearthly voices carried magically through the air, bringing peace, comfort, and contentment to everyone and everything their voices touched like a sweet, whispering lullaby.  Echo lost herself in beautiful images of winged horses soaring in a quiet sky.
The last edge of the sun descended behind the horizon, leaving behind an array of vibrant colors.  The elf song ceased.  Everything was momentarily so quiet that the silence buzzed in Echo’s ears.  Then, the birds and the crickets and the frogs resumed their noise.  It was somehow much more peaceful than it had been before the elves had sung.
Even though it was getting late, Echo was reluctant to rise and head for home. She wished she could stay in this moment forever--away from dark times and dark beings.  However, with the sun behind the horizon, she would soon be in complete darkness, even here.  That thought caused her to stand abruptly.  Shimmer groaned and stood, too, shaking her coat and snorting.
She’d been so lost in her thoughts, Echo hadn’t noticed that a mist had rolled in from the river, cascading toward her and Shimmer over the pond.  I’d better get going.  Mom will worry.  Even as she thought those words, the hairs on her arms prickled as if sensing someone or something lurking nearby
Echo reached to her back and drew a dagger, releasing a slight whisper of steal against leather.  Panic crept into her chest as her eyes scanned the area, and her ears strained to catch any unusual sounds.  Shimmer stood so close that the heat of her body seeped through Echo’s clothes, reminding her she wasn’t alone. She kept her free hand on the horse’s side.  If nothing else, Shimmer could get them both out of there in a hurry.
The mist moved strangely, almost purposefully toward her.  Echo’s heart pounded as she shakily held her dagger toward the unnatural fog.  “Who’s there?” she asked, her voice sounding much braver than she felt.  No one answered, but Echo was certain someone was there.  “Keebo?  This is no time for jokes!” she stated loudly.  But she somehow knew whoever lurked in the mist was not her friend.
She suddenly had the urge to reach out and touch the mist.  She had to make sure it was just vapor and nothing more.  Keeping her blade forward, she stretched out her other hand into the fog.  Cool droplets of water caressed her skin.  Shimmer snorted nervously when Echo gasped and suddenly withdrew her hand.  She’d felt something solid!
Echo mentally forced herself to breath, but her feet refused to obey her command to run.  She watched as the mist formed a pair of silvery eyes.  Slowly, a ghostly blue, rippling form of a face materialized as a hand, its skin the same blue, reached toward her.
Echo’s scream caught in her throat.  She swallowed hard, and then watched, mesmerized, as the form of a man came into focus.  The transparent skin slowly solidified, becoming more like her own. It was like watching a watercolor painting washed by the rain--in reverse. Combinations of colors, hues, and shades all blended together, then slowly separated, creating a unique, detailed picture.  Spiked hair formed atop a head as the wet strands stuck together.  A rugged but boyishly handsome face took form and stared back at her.  Echo knew this face. Those eyes that carried the mist, the full lips, the hint of stubble over his upper lip and along his smooth jaw line--every detail was exactly as she’d dreamed.
The man’s body was covered with a deep violet satin cloak--the same cloak Echo had seen in Ulway before they’d been distracted by Moodey’s speech.  The material shimmered and Echo realized it was soaked with water.  Bare feet stuck out below the hem of the cloak. Echo slowly lowered her blade as the figure continued to reach toward her.  She felt a strange need to go to him.  The man opened his palm, releasing an unusual energy carried on a smooth ribbon of mist.  The ribbon stretched out and coiled around Echo’s arm as she raised it toward what she knew was a water wraith.  Strangely, that knowledge didn’t bother her at that moment.
The mist caressed her body, drawing her closer to the figure.  The scent of chocolate covered strawberries reached her nostrils, drawing her deeper into the spell. Romantic images filled her mind and calming music played in her ears.  She dropped her dagger as Shimmer’s frantic whinny sounded muffled and far away.  The figure gave her a crooked smile, revealing a dimple above the corner of his mouth. The backs of Echo’s knees tickled and she caught herself smiling goofily at the man.  The wraith gazed into her eyes, but made no further movements.  Time and breath stood still.  Only the mist moved, continuing its curious dance around their arms and bodies.
Echo was strangely disappointed as the wraith lowered his arm, breaking the connection.  She shook her head as fear returned in full at the breaking of the spell.  She glanced back to where she’d dropped her dagger.  Returning her attention to the man, she slowly reached back for the other one.
The water wraith seemed to struggle with himself.  He placed his palms on either side of his head, leaned over and growled as if in pain.  Echo took the opportunity to step back and draw her dagger as Shimmer came to her side.
The wraith growled again, clenching his jaw and squeezing his head.  Echo tensed as a million lessons raced through her mind of how to defend herself.  Heat.  I need fire!  But she was ill-prepared for this encounter.  She had nothing with which to start a fire and fend off the wraith.
Surprisingly, the figure did not try to move toward her.  Instead, he looked up to her, forcing his clenched fists away from his face.  His eyes were sad, pained.  He reached toward her again as his eerie but familiar whisper erupted goose bumps over Echo’s entire body.  “Help me!”


Chapter 12
Cage

“What?” Echo asked.  What kind of help would a dark creature like a water wraith need from a human? She stood with her dagger still pointed at the figure.  The sky was darkening.  She’d soon be alone, in the dark, with a water wraith!
The wraith’s voice was still a whisper, “I need your help.”
Echo looked into those strange, mystical eyes.  They were so sad, so sincere.  She lowered her blade a fraction.  “W-Why would you need my help?  Aren’t you supposed to pull me into the water and kill me or something?”
The man gave her another crooked smile, softening her fear like heat softens chocolate.  “Yeah, something,” he said, his voice now appealingly deep and slightly rough around the edges.  “If I meant to kill you, you’d be dead already.”  His smile had the sudden opposite effect as a chill ran the length of Echo’s spine.  She raised the tip of her dagger again, though she knew her weapon would do him no harm.
They stared at each other for a moment.  Echo felt her cheeks grow hot as he continued to smile at her.  She felt incredibly vulnerable--if he wanted to, he would have no trouble luring her into the water. Even worse, she was sure he knew it.  She cleared her throat and spoke, “What do you want from me?  I’m only human.  I don’t have any special powers.  I’m not magical.”
The wraith gave her a curious look.  “Wraiths can sense other’s energies--all the little details of their thoughts, emotions, and desires that make each person unique.  That’s how I was able to lure you so easily.  I can sense things in you that you don’t even know about.” He smiled again, making Echo feel awkward and uncomfortable.
She felt something else, too--annoyance.  How dare he invade her thoughts and emotions?  Still, she was curious enough to ask, “Like what?”
“I knew your favorite food was chocolate and strawberries,” he answered softly.  Echo said nothing, so he continued.  “I know everything about my, uh, victims.”
Echo stifled another shiver as she kept her gaze and dagger steadily on the wraith.  Shimmer approached and Echo unconsciously raised her free hand and placed it on the horse’s neck.  A surge of energy ran up her arm as Shimmer lent her strength.  The wraith watched intensely at that small movement and then nodded approvingly.  “You and your horse have a very strong, very bright energy--brighter than any I’ve seen for a very long time.  You have a unique connection.  I believe you’re the ones who can help us.  I believe you have the strength to free us.”
“Free you?”  Echo asked, though she was ready for this conversation to be over.  Whatever this creature thought about her was wrong.  He was confusing her with someone else.
Lines formed between the wraith’s brows as his face became serious. “We’ve been slaves to dark magic for centuries.  It’s one of our weaknesses.  We just can’t seem to resist it, kind of how you wouldn’t be able to resist me.” He looked at her smugly, irritating her again.  Then his face sobered.  “Once we’re caught, we can’t defy the dark magic or we suffer pain more terrible than you can imagine.”  Echo’s mind flashed to moments before when the wraith had been screaming and squeezing his head.  She felt a small seed of pity in the pit of her heart.
The wraith continued, “Many of us have been enslaved.  We’ve drawn so many to the water, we’ve lost count.” He lowered his gaze, as if ashamed. “But we’ve tried to save as many as we can, taking them to the River Guardian or the Other World.”
“What about the ones you couldn’t save?” Echo blurted.
The wraith’s eyes met hers.  He shrugged, “Can’t save everyone.”
Echo whispered her next question, insanely curious, but wary of the answer, “What do you do with them?”
The wraith’s features were dark as he scratched the back of his neck.  “Some things are better left unspoken.”
Echo swallowed.  She had to force away horrible images of what a water wraith could do with a drowned body.
The wraith spoke her name, causing her to jump, “Echo, will you help?”
“How do you know my name?”  She was suddenly aware of the darkness closing in around them.  The stars were popping out in the sky and only the crickets and frogs continued their song, leaving the birds to slumber.
“I’ve been watching you for a while.  Name’s Cage,” he extended a hand again.  Echo looked at it this time as if it were a hissing snake.  Cage raised an eyebrow.  “A hand shake is the human form of greeting, isn’t it?”
“Not for me.  Not anymore,” Echo said darkly.  A lump involuntarily formed in her throat as she thought of Brecker. She moved closer to Shimmer so she could feel her warmth.
Cage lowered his hand.  “I know that Belzac has captured your brother.”
Echo’s hands went cold.  The doon who’d enslaved Brecker was Belzac?
“I’m sorry.  I had hoped to reach you both first.  Belzac is my master, too. And my enemy.” Echo shifted nervously as the wraith continued, “Degus freed him somehow with her sorcery, but I think he’s after his own purposes now.  Once he’s completely free of her control, he’ll fulfill those purposes.”  The wraith suddenly released a growling yell and squeezed his head again as he doubled over with pain.  Echo stood frozen for several minutes, not sure what to do or expect.  Finally Cage stood and, through streaming eyes and heavy breath said, “Your brother is lost, Echo.  Being magical creatures, water wraiths can block the curse somewhat, but a human doesn’t stand a chance.”
Rage blossomed inside Echo.  “SHUT UP!  Just SHUT UP!  Brecker is not lost!  We’ll find him and we’ll find a way to break the spell!”  She lowered her blade and stomped threateningly toward the wraith, away from Shimmer, until she was inches in front of him. She had to tilt her head back in order to see into his eyes.
Cage studied her, his expression half pitying, half amused.  His face stirred the fire that had started in Echo. His voice only added to the flames as he spoke, “You’re being naïve.”
Echo breathed heavily as she responded, “Why would I ever help you?  You only want to help yourself!  What about all the people you’ve killed?  What about all the suffering you’ve caused?  You’re no better than Belzac!”
Cage move so quickly, Echo didn’t have time to react.  His clammy but strangely warm hands were suddenly on the sides of her head, his expression fierce and determined as he looked into her eyes. He clenched his jaw, causing a muscle to bulge.  Echo gasped as Shimmer’s enraged scream filled the air.  Before the horse could come to her aid, a wall of water shot out from the pond and blocked her from Echo. From the corner of her eye, Echo could see small fish darting around frantically in the wall, confused at their new position.
Echo was certain Cage could feel the panicked thundering of her heart.  The silvery mist swirled in his eyes, hypnotizing her.  She was suddenly transported to a thousand different times in a thousand different places.  She saw Cage and other water wraiths bound and tortured by dark spells cast by dark beings.  She watched, horrified, as they tried to break free, only to suffer great pain and even death.  She saw the wraiths lure people to the water; some they led to the River Guardian or to the Other World; others writhed frantically until their bodies went limp in the water and they were dragged away into darkness.  She watched the wraiths, forced by Degus’ strong, evil magic, attack a couple and their son (who seemed oddly familiar) near a river.  They were also given to the River Guardian, but the boy faded from the vision.  She saw the water wraiths pulled away from their families, their friends, and their homes as they were ordered to perform horrific duties in the name of dark magic.
Echo felt Cage’s pain, his fear, his desperate need to be free.  The flood of another’s memories and emotions was overwhelming.  Her eyes streamed with tears and she felt like she was going to faint.  Her body shook as if chilled.  She wanted to get away, but she couldn’t move.
Cage finally pulled his hands away and Echo fell to her knees.  She wanted to kneel there and sob, still affected by what she’d experienced.  Cage placed his fingertips gently under her chin and raised her face toward his.  His expression and voice were soft, “Now do understand?”
Echo’s body refused to stop shaking as she looked at the wraith’s sad face.  He helped her to stand, sending a wave of heat through Echo’s body. With the images of what Cage’s people had been through still flashing in her mind, she said weakly,  “I’ll help if I can.”  She still believed the wraith was making a mistake about her. How could she even begin to stop such powerful darkness--especially when she was terrified of her own room at night?
Cage gave her another lopsided grin and Echo couldn’t help smiling back.  He was still holding her hand.
Suddenly, Cage let go as another figure leapt through the trees and lurched furiously toward the wraith.  Echo gasped and grabbed her blade as Cage changed form, back into the frightening, ghostly figure.  The wall of water keeping Shimmer away crashed to the ground with a loud splash.  Shimmer approached as Echo squinted in the dimming light, attempting to discern what was going on.  Her heart skipped a beat when she realized the second figure was Keebo.
Keebo attempted to wrestle with the wraith as he growled furiously, “Leave her alone, you freak!  I’ll kill you!”  Echo stood in shock, one hand holding a dagger, the other grasping Shimmer’s mane.  The horse pawed the ground with her hoof as fish flopped everywhere, trying desperately to return to the pond. Echo wanted to help the stupid things, reminded of the images of people drowned by water wraiths. But her attention was fixed on the struggling figures.
Cage easily maneuvered around Keebo’s attempts of punching, hitting, grabbing, or biting.  The wraith no longer had any discernible facial features, but Echo was certain he was probably smiling. The ghostly figure wrapped around the boy, pinning him against a tree. “Had enough?” Cage growled, his voice eerie again.  Keebo struggled against the restraint and then seemed to melt into the tree.
Echo blinked for the first time in several minutes.  What just happened? Before she could do or say anything, Keebo leapt out from behind the tree, a ball of fire suspended above his hand.  Cage glided away quickly and gracefully, not to mention carefully.  Keebo drew back the flaming ball, ready to release it on the wraith.
Snapping out of her state of shock and confusion, Echo raced to Cage, placing herself between Keebo and the wraith.  Keebo’s face turned from triumph to horror. He couldn’t stop the blazing missile from leaving his hand. It shot straight at Echo!
Echo readied herself, focusing completely on the blazing ball.  Everything seemed to move in slow motion.  For once, she was calm, focused, and ready.  As the flames grew close enough for her to feel their heat, she fanned her blade furiously in front of her.  The ball struck the steel, sending out sparks that singed Echo’s arms, and then ricocheted into the pond.  The water sizzled madly as it swallowed the ball, dowsing the flames.
Silence followed.  Everyone stood frozen for a moment.  Finally, Echo lowered her dagger and turned toward Cage.  The wraith took human form and glared at Keebo who stood in shocked silence.
“You okay?” Cage asked Echo as he began to stride toward Keebo.
Echo reached out a hand to stop him, “Wait. It’s okay, he’s my friend.”
“I know.  That doesn’t make him my friend,” Cage answered.  But he thankfully stayed put.  He and Keebo glared at one another for a moment more.  Then Cage whistled sharply and stepped back.  Echo nearly screamed again as the enormous black figure of a horse--no, a kelpie--a demon horse notorious for drowning its riders, burst out of the water.  Shimmer reared and released a sharp, challenging whistle.  She felt the horse’s fury, but held a hand against her as signal to stay put.  Shimmer reluctantly obeyed, shaking her mane, snorting, and pawing the ground.  Echo was certain, had she not been there, Shimmer would’ve fought the kelpie to the death.  She watched, wide eyed, as Cage approached the horse that was nearly invisible in the darkness.
Cage patted the jittery creature on the neck and whispered words that Echo couldn’t understand.  The demon quieted slightly under the wraith’s touch.  Cage looked at Echo, gave a crooked smile, and said, “Kelpies are our horses--well the ones we’ve captured and tamed, anyway.” The horse reared, stomped, and danced in place next to its master, looking anything but tame.  “As long as I’m with him, Velth won’t hurt you.” He looked curiously at Echo and Shimmer. “You know, most horses are terrified of kelpies.” Shimmer snorted again and stomped a hoof, clarifying her definite lack of fear toward the demon horse.
Cage studied them a moment more before leaping onto the kelpie’s back.  He glared at Keebo again and pointed a finger, “You watch out for her.  And you,” he said, now pointing at Echo, “I will see again soon.  We have things to discuss.”
With that the kelpie reared, its eyes and nostrils flaring a fiery red in contrast against the darkness.  Cage resumed his natural form astride his stead--two dark, formidable figures looming over them in the night.  The sight was terrifying and amazing.  And then, they were suddenly gone, racing madly from the pond toward the river and leaving nothing behind but an eerie echo of a horse’s scream in the chilly night air.


Chapter 13
The Hunter

Keebo turned on Echo, “What is the matter with you?  Do you know what that horse’s name means? It means death!  Do you have any idea what that thing could’ve done to you?”
Echo scowled back at Keebo.  His face was partially swallowed by the surrounding darkness, but she could still see his furious expression.  She thought it best not to mention that Cage nearly had lured her into the water.  “I have a pretty good idea,” she said.  “But he wasn’t here to hurt anyone.  He needs help.”
“Ha!” Keebo’s mock laugh echoed loudly through the air.  “That’s what he’d like you to think! He was holding your hand, ready to drag you to the water. Don’t be so naïve, Echo.”
Echo’s annoyance surfaced.  That was the second time tonight she’d been dubbed naïve.  She replaced her daggers and walked up to Keebo.  Shimmer followed her every move, seemingly reluctant ever to be parted from her partner again.  Echo looked steadily at Keebo and said, “I’m not so naïve that I didn’t notice you meld with a tree and produce a blazing ball of fire out of nowhere.”
Keebo scratched his hair and cast his gaze to the ground.  “Yeah, well, that wasn’t anything.  Just a couple tricks Dad taught me.” He looked at Echo.  “You know Dad knows a little magic.  You’ve seen the stuff in his shop. It’s no big deal.”
“No big deal?  You know how to do magic and you never told me?  I thought we were best friends!  You’ve been keeping a lot of secrets from me lately, and I don’t like it,” she pouted
Keebo’s shoulders slumped slightly.  “Look, I have some secrets.  Everyone does,” he said.
I don’t! Echo thought. Then she asked, “How did you find me anyway? Or is that too much of a secret, too?” 
“I went to the house to see how you were doing.  Your mom was worried because you weren’t home, so I came looking for you.”
Echo felt a twinge of guilt, thinking of her mother worrying over her.  She would deal with that when she got home.  “That still doesn’t explain how you found me,” she said and crossed her arms over her chest.
Keebo answered, “I heard voices.”
Echo looked around at the thick wall of trees and bushes.  Unless Keebo had been near where the stream entered the area, the place where Cage had disappeared moments before, there was no way he could’ve heard them.  She gazed up at the trees as their leaves stirred slightly in a soft breeze.  She looked at Keebo.  “Who’s voices?”
“What do you mean?” Keebo asked nervously.
“I mean, who’s voices did you hear?  The trees are thick around this pond.  We weren’t talking loudly when you found us.” She looked expectantly at Keebo.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he said and then walked away from her toward the stream.  Echo grabbed his hand before he could take another step.
“Why can’t you just tell me?” she asked.
Keebo’s eyes pleaded with her.  He spoke softly, “Why can’t you just trust me?”
Guilt tapped Echo’s heart.  Why shouldn’t she trust her best friend? She stared at Keebo for a while, trying to calm her confused mind and emotions.  “I trust you,” she said finally.
The corner of Keebo’s mouth curled up, but then the smile vanished.  “Not like you trust your new friend.”
Echo’s guilt was immediately washed away by frustration.  “His name is Cage. And he hasn’t kept any secrets from me like someone else I know.”
“NAME?  He has a name? You know his name?” Keebo blurted out in an exasperated tone.  “And, Cage?  What a perfect name for someone who traps people in a watery prison of DEATH!”  He shook his head at her, “And how would you know he hasn’t kept any secrets from you? You just met him.” His eyes captured Echo’s as he asked, “Didn’t you?  I mean, this was the first time you two were together, right?”
Echo gaped at him.  “I don’t know, Keebo.  You tell me since you seem to know my every move.  And so what if it hadn’t been the first time?  What do you care?” She turned and walked toward the stream.  Shimmer kept pace with her as they stepped over the water and through the trees.
Echo had expected Keebo to come after her.  But when she’d taken several steps and turned to find only darkness behind her, she was irritated all over again.  She huffed and turned toward home, then released a screech when Keebo spoke from in front of her.  “I’m sorry,” he said.  Echo was still distracted by how he’d gotten in front of her so fast.  He must’ve used the secret entrance she’d used earlier.  She felt a little disappointed.  She thought she was the only one who knew about that opening.
Echo shook her head to clear her thoughts.  She and Keebo looked at each other for a moment.  She couldn’t help giving up her annoyance at the pitiful expression on Keebo’s face.  She sighed and said, “Me too.  I don’t want to fight.”
A chilly breeze washed over them, and Echo rubbed her arms.  It was really dark now, and she was glad Keebo and Shimmer were there to accompany her home.  As they walked, Echo recounted what had happened with Cage.  She made sure to leave out her own weakened emotions and the fact that she’d been ready to dive into the water after the wraith, if he’d only asked her.  Keebo walked silently beside her.  She could no longer see his face, but she could feel his tension.  He didn’t like her story one bit.
When she got to the part where she’d touched Shimmer and the wraith told her about their unusually bright energy, Keebo stopped in his tracks.  “Say that again,” he said.  Echo thought it strange that he’d be so interested in that part of the story, but she told him again what happened. And, as she spoke, she could sense Keebo’s mood switch from tense to excited.  She heard him scratch at his hair and she could almost see him smiling through the darkness.
“That’s amazing!  Things are starting to make sense,” he said mostly to himself.  Echo was more confused than ever.  “And he was right, you know,” Keebo continued as they walked on.  The house was in view now, its windows sending out warm rectangles of light into the darkness.  “You are special, Echo.”
Echo felt her cheeks heat.  She was glad Keebo couldn’t see her.  She didn’t have time to relish the moment, however, as her mother came out of the house, a sword raised in front of her.  The shock of seeing her mother wielding a weapon washed away any of Echo’s previous thoughts.
“Who’s there?  Keebo?  Is that you? Did you find her?  Oh, thank goodness!” Kiani lowered her blade as Echo and Keebo came into the light of the doorway.  She hugged each of the teens in turn, lingering a little longer in her hug with Echo.  “I was worried!”
“I’m sorry, Mom.  I fell asleep by a pond and--”
“And I found her still sleeping there.  Had a heck of a time waking her up!” Keebo interrupted.  Echo cast him a grateful glance.  He was right not to tell her mother about Cage.  The information would’ve only troubled her more.
“Are the others back yet?” Echo asked, ready to distract her mother attention away from the subject of where she’d been.
“Back and gone again,” Kiani answered.  She then told Echo how all three parties had returned, eaten very little, then went back out to continue their search.  “I don’t think they’ll find him today,” she finished sadly as they walked into the house.  Shimmer nearly followed Echo into the house, but reluctantly strode away to rejoin the herd at Echo’s request.
Mari was at the table, nearly buried in a huge stack of books and parchment.  An open book lay at the end of the table where a chair sat scooted a few inches back.  Kiani must’ve been reading, too.  Mari looked up at Echo as she approached.  Her bloodshot eyes took a moment to focus on Echo.
“Where’ve you been?” Mari asked.
“Tell you later,” Echo answered as Keebo told Kiani he’d re-join the search.  He and Echo looked at each other briefly before he disappeared through the door and into the darkness. Echo’s heart felt a little heavier.  She’d rather Keebo had stayed.
Later, when they were alone, Echo recounted most of what had happened with Cage to her sister.  Mari’s eyes were alive with romantic excitement at her sister’s story.  Echo had to make her swear not to tell anyone.  “If you do, I’ll tell Dorian you’re in love with him,” she threatened.  Mari agreed it was best to keep Cage a secret for now.
It was nearing midnight when Oran and Dorian finally returned. The hopeful eyes of Echo, her mother, and Mari were greeted with frowns and shaking heads.  Oran held Kiani, who was valiantly holding back tears.  Echo felt sick to her stomach.  Where could they be?
Dorian relayed more surprising information.  “Mavel and Moodey are missing, also.  The doon may have taken them.”
“But why?  What could it possibly want with them?” Kiani asked.  Her face was pale and drawn.  The lines under her eyes had grown dark and heavy.
Echo was reluctant to worry her mother more, but she knew she had to tell what she’d learned from Cage earlier.  She cleared her throat, attempting to muster some courage.  “Um, I heard that it might be…uh,” her stomach tightened, her heart beat faster, “that Belzac might be the one who enslaved Brecker.”
All eyes were on her now.  Dorian was the first to speak.  “Belzac? Who told you?  How could they know?”
Echo gulped.  Dorian’s eyes bore into her as if to draw out the truth.  She couldn’t deny him.  “H-He, well,” she shifted uncomfortably, “I heard it from a, well, from a…”
“Just spit it out already!” Mari screamed with exasperation.
Echo jumped and then cast her eyes to the floor as she said quietly, “From a water wraith.”
Echo had never known silence so deafening.  The tension in the air seemed as if it were made of solid material.  Dorian studied her closer than she cared for him to.  She blurted out most of her story, telling how Cage was a victim of Belzac’s dark magic and that he’d asked for her help.  “But I think he’s mistaken me with someone else because I can’t fight all that darkness he showed me.”  She rambled on, telling them about Keebo showing up and their argument and how he’d been so interested in what the wraith thought of her and Shimmer.  When she finished, more silence followed.  Everyone was looking at her like she was a complete lunatic, except for her mother, who seemed about to faint.
Finally Dorian asked, “When will you see this wraith again?”
Echo answered, glad that the conversation was going again.  “I don’t know.  He didn’t make any definite plans.  He just sort of rode away.”
“I’ll tell you when she’ll see him again.  Never!” her dad blurted out.  “I’ve lost one child, I’m not about to lose another.”  The fatigue was lined in his face and his eyes were bright with emotion.
Dorian answered calmly.  “Don’t be so quick to avoid this, Oran.  If this wraith is indeed seeking your daughter’s help, he and other water wraiths could prove to be our allies.  They could search for Brecker in places we cannot search.”
Oran studied his elf friend for a long while, contemplating Dorian’s words.  Echo hoped her dad would allow her to visit Cage again, especially if he could help her find Brecker.  Finally, Oran ran his hand over his face and sighed.  “I’ll only allow it if someone is with her every time they meet.  I don’t trust him.  I don’t want to give him any chances at luring her away.”  He looked at Echo firmly.  If only he knew!
“Very well,” Dorian said.  They discussed a few more plans before Dorian insisted everyone try to sleep.  
For the next two weeks, Echo accompanied her father and Dorian into the different villages and the surrounding areas.  Other elves were also searching, and Keebo and Jiggers continued to keep their ears and eyes open whenever customers entered the shop.  Though business was booming with Jiggers’ necklaces selling like crazy, their news from the villagers was never good.  With Mavel, Moodey, and Brecker suddenly missing and elves showing up everywhere, rumors that the elves were abducting people raged like wild fire. Echo even had to defend herself several times from villagers gone mad with fear.  The elves’ presence only intensified everyone’s paranoia.  Echo and her dad finally had to journey to the villages without their company, leaving the elves to search the surrounding woods, valleys, and badlands. 
Archer helped when he could, but with his business faltering, little news came through the inn anymore.  Echo’s grandfather even closed The Sleeping Willow on certain days, just so he and his staff could look for his grandson.
Echo and her family moved into Thildin where the elves’ spells gave them protection.  They could sleep at night knowing nothing could harm them as long as they were within the borders of the city.  Even then, Echo slept very little as the days dragged on with still no word of Brecker.
She’d tried several times to contact Cage, but he hadn’t reappeared.  Echo was afraid that he would refuse her company with another person present.  Dorian suggested that Belzac might have him off doing his bidding somewhere else in Shae Vale, and they would have to wait until the wraith could get away from his duties.  Dorian’s idea didn’t help.  Echo’s heart grew even heavier thinking about the horrible acts Cage might be committing.  She tried to distract her thoughts by talking with her elf instructor.
“Dorian, if the elves’ protective spells are so powerful, why haven’t you put spells around all of the villages?  Maybe then they’d trust you more.”
“The spells won’t work if the slightest doubt is present.  And, being a suspicious breed, most humans rarely trust without a doubt.  Therefore, the spells don’t work in the villages.” He glanced up at her from a book he’d been reading.  “We have tried.”
Two days after this conversation, Echo rode into Ulway for the thousandth time in two weeks.  It was a gloomy day with heavy clouds that threatened a downpour.  Echo had brought a cloak, in case she needed it to keep from getting soaked.  She dismounted and asked Shimmer to wait outside the city.  The horse was reluctant.  She’d been keeping close to Echo since when they’d met Cage.  But she dutifully obeyed, lowering her head to the grass while keeping one eye fixed on Echo’s receding form.
Echo scanned the streets.  They were so quiet.  People rushed from one building to another, eyeing her warily.  Every single one of them had at least one necklace dangling from their throats, trying to ward off evil.  Echo shook her head.  Dorian had been right about humans.  If they’d only trust the right things, they’d have real protection.
Something made Echo jerk her head toward Moodey’s cottage.  Even though she, her dad, and Dorian had searched the place several times and found it empty, something moved her toward it once again.  She was distinctly aware of the scabbard on her back carrying her daggers. She was ready to draw them in a breath, if need be.
She walked slowly and silently along the cobbled street, closer to the cottage.  She was certain now that she heard low voices.  Familiar voices.  She caught her breath and froze.  Brecker!
Echo glided up to the cottage and flattened herself against one of its outer walls.  She listened more intently, trying to determine where the voices were coming from.  Not from inside.  They must be at the back again.  Echo swallowed hard.  She hated going near the back of the cottage where she’d last seen her brother, screaming and writhing in pain. But his voice sounded again, giving her the courage to move.
Feeling like her heart had switched places with her Adam’s apple, Echo inched her way along the side of the house.  Her soft leather boots made no noise as she took care to place her every step.  The voices had stopped and Echo was certain she heard something moving away.  What if she’d missed them?
Finally reaching the corner of the building, Echo crouched and peered around the edge of the wall.  Brecker stood alone, facing away from her.  A dark cloaked figure was already in the distance, moving quickly and silently toward Winia, the northern river.  Only when the figure was out of sight did Echo dare to approach Brecker.
She stood slowly on shaking legs and emerged from behind the cottage.  She took two steps and spoke so softly, she was afraid Brecker wouldn’t hear her.  “Brecker?”
Her brother spun around, drawing his elvish sword.  Echo’s heart dropped at the sight of him.  His hair was as wild as his eyes over which dark brows formed a deep scowl.  His face seemed older, darker, more frightening.  Echo raised her hands, but did not draw her weapons.  “Brecker, are you okay?” she asked stupidly.  A lump was already forming in her throat and tears stung her eyes.  She wanted nothing more than to rush up to him and hug him, to tell him how sorry she was and that she missed and loved him.  His stance and his expression held her at bay.
Brecker’s voice cracked as if strained when he spoke. He kept his blade and his eyes on Echo.  “What are you doing here?”
“Looking for you,” Echo said.  One tear trickled down her cheek as a few drops of rain fell to the earth. 
Brecker’s face softened slightly.  He lowered his sword a fraction as his eyes filled with sadness.  He whispered, “You have to leave now, Echo.  You can’t help me.”
Echo shook her head slowly.  “No, I can’t leave without you!  Please, we’ll find a way to break the spell.  Maybe if you come to Thildin, Belzac won’t be able to follow you.”
Brecker’s face hardened again.  “You don’t think he’s already thought of that?  He’s commanded me to never enter the elf city.  If I do, I’ll die the most painful death imaginable.  And believe me, he can imagine the worst!”
“We have to try something!” Echo cried and extended a hand toward Brecker.  Her brother’s face became darker than ever, frightening Echo to lower her hand again.
“You have to leave, Echo.  NOW!” His voice came out as a threatening growl and Echo felt it hit her chest as if he’d struck her.  She shook her head again, but he spoke before she could.  “You don’t understand.  He wants me to bring you to him, too.  You have to leave.  Get out of here!  I have to hunt you or I’ll be tortured!” he growled as his face contorted with pain.
Echo just stood there, shocked and horrified at her brother’s words.  How could this be happening?  What could Belzac need with her if he already had Brecker?  She remained frozen until Brecker’s roaring voice jolted her into action.  “RUN, ECHO!”
Echo turned and raced madly toward the edge of town, screaming in her heart for Shimmer.  The horse was there in a split second and Echo leapt onto her back.  They turned toward Thildin and raced away from the village as the clouds burst open, releasing a sudden downpour. 
It wasn’t long before Echo heard a familiar sound that had once been so normal in happier times.  Now the sound caused terror to erupt in her chest.  She screamed as Brecker’s sharp whistle sliced the air as he called his horse.  Midnight Sun and Brecker were on the hunt!


Chapter 14
Nothing is Certain

The torrent of rain kept time with Echo’s rush of terror.  Shimmer was fast, but Midnight Sun was faster.  Propelled by each others’ fear, horse and rider pushed harder to gain speed.  The grass quickly became slippery, and Shimmer was losing traction.  Rain pelted them from above, and Shimmer’s pounding hooves soaked them from below.  Through the streaming water over her face, Echo chanced a glance behind; a shadow of a figure, blurred by the rain, raced toward them from Ulway.
Echo looked forward.  Thildin was in sight, but never seemed to get closer.  A journey that would’ve, on a normal day, taken a few moments seemed to stretch before her like an endless nightmare, the goal always just within reach but never attainable.
The sound of Midnight Sun’s hooves reached Echo’s ears as an uncomfortable tickling sensation rippled up her spine.  She knew that Brecker would be upon her in an instant.  If she didn’t turn to face him, she feared he’d strike her in the back, driven to madness by Belzac’s spell.  He’s not going to kill me.  Belzac wants Brecker to bring me to him.  He wants me alive.  Brecker won’t kill me! Echo hoped as she realized they’d never make it to Thildin before Brecker reached them.  She gave Shimmer a gentle signal, asking her steed to resist the urge to run away and face their attackers.  Shimmer slowed slightly, enough for Echo to know that she’d understood.  Together, they turned to face Brecker and Midnight Sun.
As Shimmer spun around, nearly losing her footing as she did so, Echo let go of the horse’s mane and clumsily drew her daggers.  Her stomach knotted and a lump caught in her throat as she faced the charging horror of Brecker.  Shimmer ran toward Midnight Sun, and Echo felt a sudden fury and determination rise from the horse.  It fueled her courage as she readied for the impact.
Brecker’s face was twisted and ugly as he yelled and swung his sword.  With unnatural clarity, Echo could see every droplet glance off of his blade as it sliced through a wall of rain.  The silver sword was tilted, ready to strike, but not toward Echo.  In a terrible split second, Echo realized that Brecker was about to imbed his blade into Shimmer!
As Shimmer reared, Echo reflexively swung her dagger toward Brecker’s sword, causing his blade to glance off of hers and away from Shimmer’s chest.  Midnight Sun ran a short distance past them, then spun around and stopped.  Horses and riders stood motionless in the rain, staring at one another, each waiting for the other to make a move.
Echo held her blades ready on both sides of Shimmer’s neck.  She stared into her brother’s eyes, trying hard not to add tears to the water already blurring her vision.  Brecker’s face twisted into different expressions--first dark fury, then horrific sadness.  He seemed as if he wanted to speak, but his mouth twisted into a grimace as Midnight Sun danced on the soaked earth.
Without warning, Brecker’s face resumed its darkness and fury blazed again in his eyes.  He yelled and Midnight Sun reared.  As the colt’s front hooves touched the ground, he charged again toward Echo and Shimmer.  Shimmer pranced nervously.  Echo knew her horse wanted to charge, to fight.  But Echo couldn’t do it.  She couldn’t hurt Brecker.  All she could do was defend herself and Shimmer, and hope that they’d somehow escape and get to Thildin.
Shimmer snorted and Echo spoke to her horse, “I know, Shimmer.  Just trust me, please.” The horse shook her mane, but remained where she was.  Echo readied her daggers as she watched death dance in her brother’s eyes.  She realized he would try again to hurt Shimmer.
“Run Shimmer!” Echo yelled as she leapt off of the horse’s back, splashing water against her already soaked feat.  Shimmer side-stepped a few paces, then pawed the ground in frustration.  “Go!”  Echo screamed, but the horse refused to move.  Echo didn’t have time to try to force Shimmer to leave.  Brecker and Midnight Sun were on top of her.  Her brother’s steed rose in the air and Echo’s blades struck the horse’s flinted hooves.  As Midnight Sun descended, one of his knees struck Echo hard on the shoulder.  She fell back with a yell and a splash, landing on her back.  Icy water seeped through her clothes and into her skin.  She lost hold of her daggers and they went spinning across the ground, splaying water in every direction.
Shimmer screamed her challenge, and she and Midnight Sun rose above Echo, their hooves pawing dangerously at each other.  Echo rolled out of the way just as the horses descended.  She quickly stood and held her injured shoulder.  It throbbed painfully; she could feel a bruise spreading under her skin.  She glanced toward her fallen daggers, but had no time to fetch her weapons.  Brecker swung his blade at Echo, ready to knock her down with the flat of his sword, just as he’d done not very long ago.
Shimmer rose against Midnight Sun as Echo stood frozen.  That strange slow-motion effect set in again.  The horses’ water-soaked manes swirled around their graceful, powerful necks as they struck at each other with hooves and teeth.  Their screams seemed distant as a million memories flooded Echo’s brain in the span of one long, drawn-out second; memories of her and Brecker growing up together, playing together, fighting together, learning together.  And now they’d be enslaved together.
The black figure of another horse appeared out of nowhere, slamming into Midnight Sun.  Brecker’s horse slid across the ground, screaming in surprise and fury.  A shadowy figure flew from the back of the dark horse and tackled Brecker.  The two figures splashed to the ground as their mounts continued to fight.  
Cage pinned Brecker against the flooded earth, twisting ghostly appendages like rope around Brecker’s arms and legs.  Brecker roared in anger and struggled unsuccessfully against his captor.  Cage’s voice growled through the sound of the pounding rain and the screaming of fighting horses.  “Echo, run!  I can’t hold him for long.  Belzac will punish me soon!”
Echo was torn between helping Cage and running for her life.  Cage yelled again for her to run.  She knew she had to listen--she was no match for her brother.  Reluctantly, she fetched her daggers and mounted Shimmer.  The two of them raced into Thildin as if the hounds of hell were at their heels.
Echo burst through the door into their temporary elf home.  Her parents, Mari, Dorian, and Keebo stared at her as she stood there, dripping all over the floor.  This time, she didn’t wait to start speaking in a rush.  “I saw Brecker!  He was with Belzac, and then I talked to Brecker and he said he had to hunt me, so he and Midnight Sun chased me and Shimmer almost to Thildin.  We fought and he almost had me, but Cage showed up and saved us!”  Echo received the same reaction as she had when she’d told everyone about Cage.  They stared at her as if she’d turned into some strange creature and spoken a different language.  “Did you hear me?  I SAW BRECKER!”
Dorian was the first to finally respond, “First, dear child, remove your soaked clothes and put on something dry.  Then stand by the fire before you catch cold.”  Echo wanted to scream.  Who cared about her wet clothes?  Brecker had returned and was hunting her down like some wild animal!  Dorian raised an eyebrow at her exasperated expression.  “If you catch your death, you will be no help to anyone, least of all Brecker.”
Echo ran to the back room that served as her and Mari’s shared space.  She tore off the wet material with frustration.  It made slopping sounds as it reluctantly pulled away from her wet skin.  She hadn’t realized how cold she really was until she put on warm, dry clothing.  A chill ran through her as she pulled on a fresh pair of soft leather pants and a warm shirt.
Once dressed she scurried back to the front room and stood by a glowing fire in the center of the room.  The smoke rose in spirals toward an opening in the roof.  By some elf magic, no rain trickled into the gaping hole to douse the fire.  Echo stretched her hands toward the dancing flames, allowing their heat to soak into her body as her jaw vibrated from her chilled state.  Through chattering teeth, she asked Dorian to send someone to tend Shimmer--the chill she felt wasn’t just her own, but the horse’s that she’d left, once again, standing stressed and alone in the rain.  Dorian left momentarily to call one of the elves to tend Shimmer, and then he returned.
Kiani handed Echo a cup of warm liquid.  Multi-colored steam rose from the surface of the tea; yulnea, the special elf drink that smelled and tasted different to everyone, but had the same strengthening effect for all.  Echo sipped the tea which tasted to her, of course, like chocolate and strawberries.  The soothing liquid seemed to seep through her entire body, warming her bones, blood, and skin.  After she’d taken several drinks, Dorian asked, “Now, please relay your story to us again, but slowly and clearly so we may get a better idea of what is happening.”
Echo felt her cheeks warm.  No wonder everyone had looked at her so strangely before--she’d probably talked so fast that her words actually had sounded like a foreign language.  Keebo walked up to her and wrapped a warm blanket around her shoulders.  He smiled, but his eyes were filled with concern.
Echo thanked him, then forced herself to slowly re-tell what had happened with Brecker, making certain to add more of the details, including Brecker’s attempt at giving her a head start.  She realized at that moment just how horrible it must be for him--the one thing he’d wanted to do was protect his family, but he couldn’t protect them from himself.
She wondered, too, what terrible punishment Cage had to suffer for helping her.
Keebo paced back and forth throughout the telling of Echo’s tale.  She could see him from the corner of her eye, fidgeting with a stack of books on the table, pacing away, and then back again.  He scratched at his hair a lot and, Echo noticed, he and Dorian made significant eye contact several times, especially when she told how Belzac was planning to enslave her as well as Brecker.
Echo’s family remained tensely quiet.  Oran’s brows furrowed, but his eyes held fear.  Kiani hugged her own arms, as if to stave off a dark chill.  Mari slowly made her way closer to Dorian, seemingly longing for some sort of comfort from his presence.
When she finished, silence once again reigned for several minutes.  Dorian’s face was as still as a sculpture, his eyes looking past everyone as if his mind was somewhere else.  He finally turned his attention toward Echo and spoke, “For the time being, you must stay within the borders of our city.  However, I feel it is imperative to meet again with Cage. His actions today have proven his faithfulness.  I have complete trust in him.”
“But, she’ll have to leave Thildin to meet with him.  He can’t enter against the shield charms,” Oran said.  He was tense, and Echo knew he would do anything to keep her inside the city.  And, if it weren’t for the desire to save her brother, she would’ve agreed with him.
“Yes, that is correct,” Dorian responded.  “However, I do not expect her to go alone and we will travel during the brightness of mid-day.” He held up a hand as several in the room began to speak.  “I know that Brecker can move about in the day, but I do not believe he will be able to as easily now.  The darkness that controls him will have affected him.  The brightness of mid-day will be difficult for him to bear.”
Kiani asked her question, her voice filled with forced calmness, “Won’t Cage be affected the same?  He’s Belzac’s slave, too.”
“He’s a water wraith, Mom,” Mari said.  “He has magical abilities of his own.  He’s stronger than a human.”
Kiani ran her hands over her face and Oran cupped his arm around her shoulders for support.  Echo gulped down the last of the elvish tea.  Emboldened by its effects, she questioned Dorian and Keebo.  “I saw the look you gave each other when I was telling about Belzac wanting me as well as Brecker.  Is there something you’re keeping from us?”  Dorian gave Keebo a warning glance, and Keebo’s lips pressed into a thin line as if to keep words from escaping.  “I only think it’s fair that you tell us.  It may be something that could help us help Brecker,” Echo said.
Keebo gave Dorian another sidelong glance, but the elf didn’t return the gesture.  Dorian kept his gaze steadily on Echo.  His eyes sparkled with what emotion, Echo couldn’t tell.  His words brought more frustration.  “Before I can reveal my suspicions, I must first confirm their truth.  Please, be patient.  It may only be that you and Brecker are new defenders, fresh, green.  Belzac may wish to mold you to his purposes.”
Echo studied him for a long while.  “But that isn’t what you really think, is it?”
“Nothing is certain,” Dorian responded.
Echo looked at Keebo.  She bore daggers from her eyes into his, but he merely gave her a lopsided grin, blushed, and then cast his gaze to the floor.
“What are we going to do?  Are any of us safe to leave Thildin?” Oran asked.
“It would be wise to stay within our borders,” Dorian said.  “You can tend the horses in the evenings while they are within our protection.  In fact, the elders are considering keeping the herd within the shield constantly. Thildin Valley is no longer safe. We do not want Belzac getting his hands on any more of them.”
Echo shivered, thinking of how close she and Shimmer had come to being enslaved by Belzac.  She lost herself in horrid images of living in darkness and shadow, never again seeing the light of day the same, never again enjoying the warmth of the sun.  Dorian’s voice brought her to attention.  “Echo, I believe it would be wise for you and Shimmer to begin training for combat together.  You must learn how to fight while astride your horse.  The two of you have a unique connection, but perhaps that connection could be strengthened.  If you could sense each other more clearly, you would be able to work together more efficiently in battle.  I will have Alena and Thalen create some exercises and battle scenarios for you to work on.”  He put his hand gently on her shoulder.  “It will serve you well to keep your mind focused on things other than Belzac and Brecker.”
Echo nodded, but she was sure that nothing could keep her mind from her brother or his dark captor.  Her mother wrung her hands and bit her lower lip.  Not only was Echo unable to help Brecker, but she was also causing her mother even more worry.
The next three weeks proved more than difficult not only for Echo, but for everyone.  The entire family, though very much at home with the elves, began to feel imprisoned.  They only left Thildin if accompanied by several warriors and for only a short time for fear that Belzac may try to capture any one of them.  Echo wasn’t even allowed that luxury.  Forced to stay in the city and train, she was becoming more and more irritable--and more and more desperate to fix the mess she felt she’d made.
Whenever she had a spare moment, Echo would read with Mari.  They made their way through never-ending mountains of scrolls and books, reading every line and between every line in attempt to find some hidden meaning in the words that might break Belzac’s spell.
Echo didn’t think she’d ever feel happy again, but at times when she and Mari read late into the night, fatigue would throw them into a bout of giggling fits.  The simple act of laughing helped to bring her a slight hope that, someday, they would be able to find what they were looking for.  As soon as the false elation faded, however, so did her hopes.


Chapter 15
Envy of the Elves

Training with Shimmer was exhilarating, but much more difficult than Echo would’ve ever imagined.  They had a connection, true, but even then the exercises pushed them to their limits.  Echo had to learn to keep her balance--and her seat--as she wielded both daggers while Shimmer ran, lurched to a stop, pivoted on the spot, reared, sidestepped, and jumped over various obstacles.  Once she became adapted to all of that, she had to learn to fight one or more opponents during these same movements.
Thalen and Alena attacked her from every angle both from ground and on horseback.  Echo found the dirt more than she cared to admit, and her body was sore with bruises.  Dorian watched every lesson with piercing eyes that caught every detail.  He was more stern with her than when she’d trained as a defender, and she was beginning to feel hopeless.
After an especially difficult day, Dorian sat beside Echo as she rubbed her sore muscles.  “You are doing very well, Echo, even if you feel otherwise.  You and Shimmer have progressed much more quickly than I could have hoped.”
Echo glowered.  She didn’t share her teacher’s optimism.  “I hate being human!” she said.  “If I was elf or fae or any sort of ancient being, this would be so much easier.”
Dorian chuckled, “You see your race as inferior?”
“Yes.”
“Echo, I have envied the human race the whole of my life. As have many of the elves.”  
Echo gaped at him.  How could it be possible for any elf to envy a human?  “What are you talking about?  Elves have abilities way beyond anything any human can do.  Compared to your race, we can’t do anything.”
Dorian slowly shook his head, his eyes sparkling.  “You are wrong.  Your race may be younger than some, but you have in a short time spanned the globe, both in Shae Vale and in the Other World.  Humans have the uncanny ability to adapt, to conform to any situation.  They can learn something new in a short period of time.  Perhaps because humans have a shorter life-span, they value the time given more so than elves.  We tend to dawdle, taking years to learn our trades.”
“But that’s why you’re so good at everything you do--you can study every detail and every angle until you reach perfection.”
“Perhaps. Still, I see humans in a different light than what you see them.  Humans are not easily defeated.  You possess an inner strength that compels you to take hold of a challenge and rise against it.  You are powerful beings.  You are a beautiful race,” Dorian said sincerely.
Echo couldn’t believe what she was hearing.  “But, we can’t do what you do.  We can’t wield magic, unless by sorcery, which is usually bad.  We can’t communicate with each other through our minds.  We can’t see into the future.  We can’t go for long periods without food or sleep.  The elves can do all those things.”
Dorian sighed and smiled, “Humans can do all of those things.  Most of you have simply forgotten how.  The abilities are there, only waiting to be awakened.”
Echo thought long and hard on Dorian’s words. Her mind flashed to what Keebo had said when they’d been walking through the forest after her and Brecker’s Becoming. He’d said that humans could hear the trees if they’d listen.  But if what Dorian was saying was true, why hadn’t he tried to teach her these skills?  She set the question before him.
He answered, “Because that is a journey you must be willing to take.  We can help you, but it must be your choice.  You must first accept and believe that it can be done.  You have to unlearn what you have learned, and then you will see clearly enough to do what most humans think impossible.” Dorian touched her shoulder tenderly.  He then rose, leaving her to contemplate what he’d said.  She thought about it often after that, even during training.
In the evenings, before Echo would read with Mari, Dorian told her to spend quiet time with Shimmer. “One of those abilities you claim that humans don’t possess is the ability to communicate with beings other than speaking creatures.  Yet you have a connection with Shimmer that defies this logic.  Connect with her more.  Strengthen the bond you share.  It will serve you both well in the days to come.”
Echo practiced reaching out to her horse, feeling her emotions and allowing Shimmer to feel hers.  They still could not converse with words, but after time Echo realized just how little words were needed.  A slight touch or flash of an image or sensation was all either of them needed to understand exactly what the other wanted to say.  At times, it was almost as if they were one, seeing and feeling together as a single being.  It was the most beautiful and exhilarating relationship Echo had ever experienced.
Keebo spent more time than usual in Thildin since Echo and her family had moved there.  After closing shop in Ulway, he often appeared in Thildin and watched her train.  He and Dorian would often whisper excitedly to each other, driving Echo to distraction.  Neither of them was willing to tell her what they discussed.
As the days dragged on, Echo’s worry grew like thorns around her heart and mind, pricking them with horrid thoughts and images of what Brecker was doing and where he could be.  She had nightmares of him lurking outside the city, waiting in the shadows to drag her away to Belzac.
She also worried about what had become of Cage.  The few times the elves chanced taking her to the river, he had not appeared.  She hoped that Belzac hadn’t seriously hurt, or even killed, the wraith for helping her.
Echo’s fears for Cage were put to rest soon enough, however.  Even the ceaseless wind could not stop Echo’s training.  It howled through the trees surrounding the city, forcing attention away from any noise but its own.  Once again, Echo attempted to fend off her two elf friends, accompanied by a third, as the wind nearly blasted her from Shimmer’s back.  She was concentrating so hard, that she didn’t hear Keebo until he was only a few feet away from them.  The party ceased their sparring and turned their attention on Keebo.  He ran to them full speed, his expression indiscernible.  Echo noticed he wasn’t smiling.
“Echo!” Keebo yelled above the wind as he approached.  “It’s Cage--he found me at the river near that pond on my way over here.  He wants to talk to you right away.”
Echo’s heart skipped a beat.  She couldn’t help the excitement and relief that radiated from her face.  Cage was still alive!  Keebo scowled at her expression as Dorian approached.  “We will accompany you, Echo.  Though I feel it would be better if your parents and sister remained behind.  We will relay to them what is happening and then meet you all by the river.  Thalen,” Dorian said as he looked at younger elf.  Thalen gave a slight nod before running toward Echo’s elf home.  Dorian looked at Shimmer and Echo’s heart sank.  She hoped Dorian wouldn’t ask for Shimmer to stay behind too.  “Shimmer,” he said as softly as he could through the wind, “Considering the lateness of the day, I believe a disguise would be prudent.  May I?”
Shimmer nickered and the elf master started spouting words of an ancient tongue as his hands glided over Shimmer’s head, neck, body, and rump.  Echo gasped as she watched her horse change from shining gold to solid dark gray beneath her.  Shimmer snorted disapprovingly.  Echo had to agree--the color didn’t suit her.
“What about me?” she asked Dorian.  
“Your disguise is even more important.” Dorian used the strange words again as he stretched his hands toward Echo.  She felt odd ripples of cool air over her skin as it turned darker.  She resisted the urge to scream as a crawling sensation assaulted her scalp; slowly, the strands of hair whipping in her face turned from auburn to fiery red.  It felt as if someone was tugging on her ears and when she felt them, she was delighted to find the tops of them pointed like an elf’s.  She smiled excitedly and suddenly wished she had a mirror.  Dorian lowered his hands and nodded approvingly.  “We’ll have to remove the disguise when we approach Cage, or he may attack. Hopefully, though, probing eyes will not recognize you or Shimmer.”
Echo glanced at Keebo.  He was staring at her, his mouth cocked half open.  He shook his head and then gave her a lop-sided grin.  “You look good!” he said, causing her cheeks to flush.  “I like your ears,” he added as his smile widened.  Echo touched her ear tips again, wishing she could keep them pointed forever.
Outside the protective trees of Thildin, the wind was twice as powerful. The elves that surrounded Echo clung to their horses’ backs, their hair whipping around their faces like wild flames.  Echo’s now red braid threatened to beat the life out of her as the wind repeatedly whipped it from her back, only to slam it against her.
Keebo rode beside her.  Echo had never seen him astride a horse, but found she rather enjoyed watching him ride. He glanced at her, then patted the hair that danced wildly over his ears.  He suddenly fell back to converse with Dorian, but Echo could hear nothing other than the howling wind.  It roared in her ears and pressed against her and Shimmer’s body as if to force them back to Thildin.  It was frustrating her to madness. She couldn’t concentrate on anything but staying astride Shimmer, and her muscles felt weak and tickly.  By the time they reached the river, she was close to having a hysterical, fatigue-induced laughing fit.
They were next to Echo’s secret place, the pond hidden from view by the thick wall of trees and shrubs.  Echo wondered if the elves knew about the pond.  She couldn’t imagine that the land held many secrets from them.
Everyone dismounted and led the horses down the river bank.  The water resembled a miniature ocean as the wind forced jagged ripples against the flow of water.  Echo wondered if wind could stop a wraith.  Would it dry one out?  If so, how had Cage contacted Keebo?
Dorian approached Echo and Shimmer and released the disguise spell.  She was disappointed to feel her rounded ear-tops again.
Keebo poked her shoulder, but instead of trying to speak over the wind, he pointed toward the secret place.  At the edge of the opening where the stream trickled into the trees stood Cage.  His human form shimmered in and out of focus as the wind blasted against him.  He motioned for Echo to enter the trees.  She stepped forward and everyone followed.  As they came close however, Cage shouted above the wind, “Only Echo!”
Echo looked at the others.  Thalen and Alena had drawn their weapons, their expressions hard.  Dorian remained calm, but spoke sternly.  “She will not enter alone!”
Cage stood silent for a moment, his silvery eyes surveying them all.  “Fine.  But if anyone tries to harm me, I won’t hesitate to return the favor.” Dorian bowed his head in agreement and they filed into the trees.
The change was near magical.  The trees blocked the wind as surely as if a wall encompassed the area.  A few brave birds chirruped loudly at the intruders then flitted into the shrubbery.  The roar of the wind could still be heard, however, and the tops of the outer most trees bent until their tips disappeared behind the inner layer of thick bushes.
Echo’s secret place was no longer secret.  But that was unimportant now.  Inside the haven, Cage’s form solidified as he stood at the edge of the pond.  His eyes were guarded as he watched everyone form a semi-circle around him.
Dorian’s voice was gentle as he asked, “What do you wish to tell Echo?  Have you news of her brother?”
Cage surveyed him uncertainly for a moment.  He then turned his gaze on Echo.  She said, “It’s okay.  I trust them with my life.”
Cage gave them all another hard look, and then spoke, “I have news of Brecker, and then some.  None of which you’ll find pleasant.” His face softened as he looked into Echo’s eyes.  Her heart thumped extra hard once as she nearly lost herself in his hypnotizing eyes.  Then, in a breath, the feeling left to be replaced with foreboding.  She was suddenly aware that something was terribly wrong.
“What is it?  What’s happened?  Has Belzac hurt Brecker? Is he alright?” she asked in a rush.
Cage’s gaze was steady and focused on her.  “Brecker is alive and unharmed--at least externally.  Belzac’s punishment for letting you escape may have scarred him in the unseen places of his heart and mind.  He ordered Brecker to kill.”
Echo felt the blood drain from her face.  Murder, especially pre-meditated murder, could tear one’s soul in two and make that one a slave to darkness forever.  She trembled as she whispered the question, “Who?”
“A woman--the one who was with Belzac before he enslaved Brecker.  The wife of Moodey Muckerson.”
Echo could barely keep herself upright as her knees trembled.  Mavel!  She hadn’t cared for the woman, but she hadn’t deserved to be hunted down and murdered.
Dorian’s soft voice cut through the chill that had gripped the air.  “And did Brecker fulfill Belzac’s command?”
At Dorian’s question, Echo grasped onto the small hope that, somehow, Brecker had been able to disobey Belzac.  Perhaps Mavel still lived and Brecker’s soul had not been torn by the malicious act of murder.
Cage’s sad eyes bore into Echo’s, his voice barely a whisper.  “Yes.”


Chapter 16
Discovery

Coldness enveloped Echo’s body.  Shimmer pressed against her, offering her warmth and support.  Hot tears soaked into the horse’s silky hair as Echo grasped Shimmer’s mane and buried her face into her neck.  Brecker had killed--he had murdered!  Darkness would have a stronger hold over him now.  And this had all come about because of Echo’s failure to overcome her own fear and help Brecker the day he’d shaken hands with a doon.
Bitterness rose in Echo’s heart like a savage weed, choking any logic from her mind.  She wanted to leap onto Shimmer, race to Ulway, and fight Belzac herself.  She wanted to plead with him to release Brecker, and take her in his stead.  She wanted…
She wanted everything to be as it was.  She wanted this nightmare to end.  What she wouldn’t give to turn back time and change the events of her life--and her brother’s.
Cage’s voice drew her from her dark thoughts.  She pulled herself away from Shimmer’s neck and wiped her tears.  Keebo stood awkwardly next to her, his eyes sad.  Echo wanted to grab his hand for the simple comfort of touch, but turned instead to listen to Cage.
“There’s more,” he said and then shifted uncomfortably.  He struggled to begin speaking. Echo worried Belzac may torture him if he did speak.  In low tones, Cage told them, “Belzac is planning to gather an army of shadow dwellers.  He wants to build a force to surpass that which he had during the Doon Wars.”
The elves tensed.  “Are you certain?” Dorian asked, his voice uncharacteristically strained. 
Cage answered, “Yes.  But he can only gather a few members at a time.  Degus still has dominion over him, so his time here is limited to those moments when he can escape her.  If it weren’t for Degus, Belzac would already have his army.”
The elves looked at each other with worried expressions.  Echo’s stomach flip-flopped.  It wasn’t normal for her friends to show such concern.  Dorian looked to Cage and spoke, “Then we must make haste to ready ourselves.”  He looked at Echo.  “Our friend, Ayden Green, has begun a quest to destroy Degus.  If he is successful, nothing will hold Belzac from his desires.”
“Why does Belzac want to fight here? What’s so special about Thildin valley?” Echo asked, but her question was left unanswered.
Cage suddenly screamed, doubling over in pain.  In a flash, the three elves grasped hands with Dorian in the center.  Thalen and Alena each touched one of Cage’s shoulders with their free hands.  A faint shimmer of light engulfed him for a moment.  As it faded, Cage’s scream died and he stood upright.  With a stunned expression, he looked at the elves. As they lowered their hands from him, he gave them a crooked smile, “Thanks.  Wasn’t expecting that.”
“It is our way of thanking you for your help.  I feel we can trust you, Cage.  And, from this day forward, you have our allegiance.  We will help you and your people any way we can.  However, we will require much help from you as well if Belzac’s wishes come to light.  There is a lot to do with war on the horizon.  How many of you are willing to assist us?” Dorian asked Cage.
Cage scratched at his neck and raised an eyebrow.  “Well, me so far.”  He flashed a cheesy smile.  “And Velth, my kelpie.”  Thalen and Alena gaped at him, but Dorian’s lips curled at the corners.
“You are brave, my friend. However, I must ask you to be a bit braver.  Do what you can to gather as many of your people as possible to resist Belzac.  If there are any free of his or Degus’ grasps, perhaps those will be willing to fight.”
Echo thought Cage looked doubtful.  But he shrugged and said, “I’ll see what I can do.”  He cleared his throat and continued speaking, “Belzac won’t give up hunting Echo.  He has special plans for her and Brecker.”
“What is it he wants with her?” Alena asked, her voice as strong as her stare.
Cage returned her gaze defiantly, then answered, “He wants them in his army.
Echo gasped.  Fear and then rage flowed inside her.  “I’d never join his army!  He must be crazy!  What does he think I’d do for him?”
Cage’s eyes locked with hers.  He opened his mouth as if to say more, but then changed his mind and remained silent. He tore his gaze from Echo when Dorian spoke.
“Is there more you wish to discuss?” Dorian asked the wraith.
“No. Not now.  I need to go before Belzac sends someone for me.”
“Then we shall meet with you again another day. Perhaps we should have a sign, a way of summoning each other without drawing attention.” Dorian said.
Keebo cleared his throat, gave Echo a quick, uncomfortable glance, and then said quietly, “Tell the trees.”
Dorian smiled brightly. “Excellent idea.  That is exactly what we shall do, if it is agreeable.”
Cage answered, “It is.”  He made his farewells, his gaze lingering the longest on Echo.  From the corner of her eye she saw Keebo take a step toward her as his face turned to Cage, then to her, then back to Cage again.  Then, in a shimmer of light and water, the wraith was gone.
Echo rode back to Thildin as a red-headed elf.  Her thoughts were anguished, remembering that Brecker had killed.  She couldn’t imagine what her brother must be going through.  He’d become the very thing from which he’d wanted to protect everyone.  She had to do something.  But that ‘something’ eluded her like a faded memory.  She allowed her thoughts to trail to a series of “what-if’s” and “if-only’s”, delving her deeper into frustration and bitterness at her own inadequacies.  The incessant wind did little to help--she wanted to take her daggers and slice into it as if it were a physical beast that she could slay.  It blasted against her in powerful gusts as if to mock her.
As the group entered Thildin, the disguise magically washed from Echo and Shimmer.  Feeling even more depressed at looking human again, she dismounted and hugged Shimmer’s neck for a long time.  The others led their horses to an open, grassy arena where the rest of the herd welcomed them home.  After a short time, the sound of footsteps approached from behind.
Keebo’s voice was timid, “Echo?  You okay?”
Echo turned and faced him.  She wanted to be irritated at him for asking such a stupid question, but her wild emotions had drained her energy.  She just nodded and stroked Shimmer’s muzzle.
Keebo took another step forward.  “I can stay if you want.  Dad can run the shop without me.”  Surprised, Echo met his tender gaze.  “I don’t want you to be alone.”
Echo felt a small spot of warmth at Keebo’s words.  But she couldn’t muster even a hint of a smile for him.  She wanted him to stay, but she didn’t want Jiggers alone either.  At least she was protected with the elves.  Jiggers had no such protection.  “Thanks.  But I’ll be fine.  Your dad needs you, and I’m never alone here.”
Keebo showed a hint of disappointment, but quickly hid his feelings behind a small smile. “Yeah, okay.  That’s okay.  But, just,” he stumbled over his words for a moment, “if you need anything…”
His face was so boyish and bashful that Echo couldn’t keep the smile from pulling at the corners of her mouth.  “Thanks, Keebo.  You’re a good friend.”
Keebo let out a short, sad laugh.  “Yeah, friend.  I’ll see you later.”  He turned and walked away, allowing the wind to usher him out of Thildin.
Echo stayed with Shimmer for a long while.  They just stood together, listening to the wind in the trees.  She drew comfort from her horse, who gave it willingly.  Her thoughts would not be swayed from her guilt or her bitterness toward herself and toward Belzac.
By the time Echo returned to their elf home, the rest of her family had been informed of Brecker’s current situation.  Kiani’s eyes were red as she looked at Echo.  She approached and hugged her tightly, “Are you alright?” She laughed sadly.  “Sorry, stupid question.  None of us are alright, are we?”
They parted, and Echo fought the lump that threatened to form in her throat.  Mari suddenly walked up to her and gave her a hug as well, nearly causing Echo to burst into tears.  When they parted, Mari’s expression was determined.  “Come to the library with me.  I need help bringing back more scrolls.  We missed a few.  We will find a way to break Belzac’s hold on Brecker.”
Mari’s confidence was contagious, and Echo allowed herself a small seed of hope.  She followed Mari to the simple but enormous elf library.  The wind was finally dying down and birds sang joyously from the trees.  They entered the library where the bird song didn’t end, but grew even louder.  The library was set inside a cathedral of giant redwood trees.  Their trunks, which were so close to each other they touched, had been molded by the elves’ magic to hold thousands upon thousands of scrolls and books, many of which contained ballads and poems written by elves of old and new days.  Echo and her siblings had come here often while taking lessons from Dorian.  The trees stretched to the sky, their thick branches forming a protective roof over the library.
Mari handed Echo an armful of scrolls, which she juggled to keep from dropping.  “I thought you said we missed a few!  You just handed me half the library!”
“That’s a bit of an exaggeration,” Mari stated. She then took hold of a stack of books nearly as tall as she was.  “C’mon,” she said, straining to keep the heavy books balanced.  “Let’s get back to the house and start reading.”
Upon entering their house, Echo’s hold on the scrolls faltered and rolled papers flew everywhere.  “AAH!” she screamed.  Then shrugged.  “Well, at least they waited to fall until we were home.  If that wind hadn’t died down, they’d probably all be flying toward the Dragon’s Tooth right now.”
Mari giggled, and then heaved her stack of books on the table as Echo picked up the scrolls.  She had to dig several of them from underneath the cabinet that held the few dishes they’d brought from their other house.
Once all the scrolls were piled onto the table, the girls set to reading.  Occasionally, their mom or dad, and sometimes the elves, would join them for a time.  But Echo and Mari read more than anyone.  They had a few false alarms, thinking they’d found something useful, only to be denied their hope when Dorian would explain why a certain counter-spell wouldn’t work.
Late into the night Mari stretched, rubbed her eyes, and yawned.  “That’s it.  I can’t take anymore right now.  I’m going to bed.”
Echo looked at her sister through blurred eyes.  She could swear she saw letters dancing across Mari’s face.  She rubbed her eyes.  “I think I’d better join you.  I just need a quick drink and I’ll be there.”  Mari mumbled a response as she shuffled back to their room.
Echo stumbled to the barrel that held pure rain water.  She filled her cup and took a deep draught of the cool water.  After she put the cup in the sink, she turned toward the back room, ready for sleep.  Something white behind the dish cabinet caught her attention.  She knelt down and peered behind it.  “Oh, missed one,” she said as she pulled out a small scroll.  
Echo went to place the scroll on the table, but something stopped her.  She held the rolled paper for a long time. Her mind and body screamed for her to go to bed, yet a stronger instinct urged her to open and read the scroll.
As Echo sat, she unsealed the scroll and slowly rolled the sides apart, pressing the curled paper flat with her fingertips.  The letters were elvish, but she had no trouble discerning their meaning.  They spoke of a powerful, mystical being that lived in the frozen reaches of the Dragon’s Tooth; a Fate.


Chapter 17
The Dragon’s Tooth

Echo gasped as her memory jogged.  Her mother had mentioned seeking a Fate when her brother had died.  What had she said about it?  Echo couldn’t remember, but in the back of her mind, she knew it wasn’t good.
She continued reading.  Her mind’s eye was clear as her lips formed the elvish words into an excited whisper.  She automatically translated their meaning, ‘On the frozen edge of a Dragon’s Tooth, resides the maiden of power.  Give her a gift pure and true, and she will alter your darkest hour.’
Echo’s heart and mind raced.  This is it!  This is the answer--I can go to the Fate and change what happened to Brecker!  Echo quickly skimmed over the rest of the writing.  The usual warnings concerning dealings with magical beings were listed--warnings that seemed trivial at the moment.  All Echo could think about was changing the past and saving Brecker and everyone who’d suffered because of her mistakes.
After she finished reading, Echo rolled the scroll up tightly and tucked it into her sleeve.  She didn’t know how or when, but she’d have to sneak away from Thildin and get to the Dragon’s Tooth.  A sliver of guilt and fear pricked at her stomach.  She knew she’d cause a lot of worry if she didn’t let anyone know what she was up to.  She also knew that if she told anyone, they wouldn’t let her go.
Traveling to the top of the mountain could take a couple days, she thought.  She’d have to camp out--in the dark.  That thought alone nearly deterred her from wanting to seek the Fate.  Her determination to correct her wrongs overrode her fears.  She’d been to the base of the mountains with her family many times.  The journey from Thildin to the base only took a couple of hours.  She really had no idea how long it would take to climb the mountain.  Although, she knew someone she could ask.
The next day, Echo cornered her dad in the horse pen and, trying to sound as if she were only starting casual conversation, asked some questions.  “Dad? How long did it take you to climb the Dragon’s Tooth?”
Oran looked at her with a raised eyebrow.  He rubbed the withers of a black filly thoughtfully.  “Uh, well, I came at it from the opposite direction from here, not that it matters.  I’d say the mountain is pretty much the same on both sides.  Maybe a week or so.”
A week?  Echo gulped.  “Are you sure you’re remembering right?  I mean, it doesn’t look all that big.”
Oran laughed.  “It doesn’t look big until you’re climbing it.  Why do you want to know?”
Echo fidgeted with her braid.  “Oh, just curious,” she said and then brushed Shimmer’s mane.  Oran had told his family at least a thousand times how he’d climbed the Dragon’s Tooth and saved Finear, the stallion, from a shadow dweller’s trap.  But there were details that Echo needed to know more about.  “How did you eat?  Where did you sleep?  Were you alone that whole time?”
Oran chuckled at her surge of questions.  “You have to remember, I was accustomed to traveling alone by then.  I’d been exploring Shae Vale for several years already.  I hunted for my food.  There are always fruits and edible plants and small game around. And, one is never alone in this country.  I had plenty of company the whole way--welcomed and unwelcome alike.”
Echo brushed Shimmer’s mane as worry began to eat away at her plans to seek the Fate.  Even with all of her training, she’d never done any serious traveling.  And she was certainly no hunter, although if she could stomach it, she had enough skill to keep herself alive.
And there was still the question of the dark nights.  As she brushed Shimmer, she relayed her ideas to her horse through a series of images and emotions.  Shimmer turned her head and gazed at Echo with one of her shining eyes.  The horse’s thoughts portrayed excitement and adventure.  She was ready for the challenge.
Okay, then.  We just need to figure out how to sneak away from here--and when.  The sooner the better.
Two days passed as Echo racked her brain for a plan to escape Thildin.  So many obstacles barred her way; she was never alone--elves wandered everywhere and Dorian and her family weren’t eager to let her out of their sight.  Also, the elves’ protective shield shimmered every time someone entered or exited the area. She couldn’t sneak away at night for the usual obvious reason, and also for fear of being hunted by her brother.  Finding a hiding place for the provisions she’d packed away was no easy task, either.  Every time she thought she’d found a convenient spot, someone would get too close for comfort and she’d have to move them again.
It was finally Shimmer that helped things move along.  The horse had been in a right state ever since Echo had relayed her ideas of traveling the Dragon’s Tooth.  Shimmer was getting impatient, causing Echo to become more tense.  It was another blustering day--she was beginning to wonder if the wind had anything to do with Belzac’s summoning army members--when Shimmer connected with her thoughts; she wanted Echo to get to where she’d hidden the small bag of provisions and wait.
Echo’s stomach tightened.  She tried to act casual as she fought against the wind and walked to where she’d hidden her pack in an empty hollow of a tree.  Several elves nodded to her as they passed.  She tried to smile and nodded a greeting in return, hoping her fear wasn’t written all over her face.
A sudden commotion drew her attention.  She couldn’t see what was going on, but a lot of shouting and distant whinnying reached her ears.  Echo’s heart dropped when she saw Dorian striding toward her.
“Echo, the horses have left the protected area and are racing north across Thildin Valley toward Silmah.  Can you contact Shimmer and find out what is going on?”
Echo didn’t trust herself to speak, but did as Dorian asked.  Shimmer relayed a series of images.  Echo was first shocked, and then amused at what her horse was telling her. It was difficult to keep from smiling.  Shimmer had riled up the herd, feeding them with her own heightened eagerness for adventure.  She was the cause for their sudden break-out.  Even Finear seemed to be absorbed in the excitement.  They’d all been held captive too long.
Clearing her throat, Echo tried her best to hide what she could while still being honest with Dorian.  “They were all tired of being confined.  They missed running through the valley.  They’re a bit riled up.  I don’t know if they’ll calm down easily.”
Shimmer relayed to Echo that she was on her way back.  The rest of the herd was still racing wild through the valley.  Dorian gazed at Echo so long she thought he had seen through her and read her thoughts.  He finally spoke, “Well, we cannot let them race about.  Not with Belzac loose.  Try to urge Shimmer to come home.  We will get the rest.  I will ask for your dad’s assistance.  If the stallion can be persuaded to return, the rest of the herd will follow.”
Echo nodded and then watched Dorian race into the trees toward Thildin Valley.  Her heart throbbed so forcefully, she was certain any being within a ten mile radius could feel it.  She quickly tied the note she’d written that assured everyone she was well and would return as soon as possible to a tree.  She’d briefly explained that she’d found a way to help Brecker, but left out any details.
Although Echo knew that Shimmer was close, she jumped when the horse suddenly appeared from between the trees where she stood.  She leapt onto her back and the two of them ducked between trees, racing the opposite direction that Dorian had gone.  Echo glanced behind her, making certain no one had seen her.  The howling wind muffled any sound they made as it pushed them toward the edge of the trees surrounding the city.  All the elves were pre-occupied with the escaped horses.
As they neared the protective barrier, Echo hesitated.  The barrier shimmered constantly from elves leaving in pursuit of the horses.  This is it.  Once we pass this spot, we can’t turn back.
Shimmer snorted and leapt through the barrier without Echo’s command.  Echo held tightly to Shimmer’s mane as the horse burst into a flat out run.  Shimmer was fast before, but with the wind at their backs, her speed was blinding.  Echo barely saw their surroundings as they whizzed past.
Horse and rider flew through the forest that led to the Diern Badlands.  Upon reaching the sandstone hills of the badlands, Shimmer slowed only slightly as they made their way down one of the innumerable crevices that had formed from wind and rain between the amber-colored hills.  At the base of the badlands Shimmer resumed her maddening pace over the stretch of prairie that led them to the mountain.  As Thildin grew further away, Echo relaxed just enough to enjoy the ride.
What had in the past taken Echo and her family two hours to travel only took Shimmer forty-five minutes.  They were at the base of the Dragon’s Tooth long before Echo thought possible.  Shimmer’s sides heaved only slightly.  She conveyed to Echo that the wind had carried her, allowing her to conserve energy.  Finally, something good came from the incessant wind! Echo thought.
Dismounting, Echo allowed Shimmer a short reprieve.  She stared at the mountain looming before her like a giant, jagged tooth.  Birch trees covered the lower part of the great rock, their white trunks gleaming in the sun.  Further up, white stone shone through thick evergreens that housed creatures Echo could only imagine, and the upper part of the mountain was hidden in a low hanging cloud.  Echo had thought the mountain mysterious and beautiful before.  Now, with the task set before her, the mountain seemed dark and frightening.
Echo forced herself to think of one moment at a time.  Right now, she and Shimmer just needed to get as far up the mountain as they could.  The more distance between them and the elves, the better.  They could track and travel faster than anyone she knew.
The companions traveled fast and hard for the rest of the day.  The wind helped to push Shimmer up the steep incline of rocky earth, but the sharper angle took its toll.  Near the end of the day, Echo walked beside her steed, allowing Shimmer some rest.  By nightfall, both horse and human were exhausted.
Pulling the pack from her waist, Echo brought out the few provisions she’d brought: a warm blanket made from the elves’ magical weavers--the material was thin, but could keep a person as warm as wool on chilly nights; a few bits of fruit and nuts, which she nibbled on as Shimmer grazed next to her; and extra clothing for when she reached the snowy part of the mountain.
In spite of the calmed wind, Echo shivered and hugged her arms as the chill and darkness closed in around her.  Shimmer nickered softly and grazed so close, Echo could hear every blade of grass the horse’s sharp teeth snipped.
Trying to distract her fear, Echo looked at the sky.  Millions of stars winked down at her like sparkling elves’ eyes.  The thought brought comfort--and remorse.  She felt guilty running out on everyone like that.  But it had to be done.  She shivered again as thoughts of Brecker and other shadow dwellers lurked in her mind.  Crickets chirruped loudly and an owl hooted mournfully in the nearby branches of a pine tree.  The eerie howl of a wolf echoed through the stillness.
I wonder how far we went today, Echo thought as she absently reached out and touched Shimmer’s leg for comfort.  She suddenly felt homesick as she noticed small dots of light in the valley below.  The three villages speckled along the rivers and the lights of Thildin blinked between the thick trees like stars. They were all so far away.
Shimmer groaned and lowered herself to the ground, curling her body as best she could around Echo, who leaned into her horse, grateful for her company and warmth.  She knew Shimmer’s instincts were sharp--her friend would protect her from anything she could.  And Echo would protect Shimmer if she could.  Neither was alone. Still, Echo wished she could dig a hole under her horse and hide.  She kept her daggers strapped to her back and the remaining contents of her pack stuffed inside the bag and tied to her waist in case they needed to depart suddenly.
Snuggling with her side against her horse and pulling up the elf blanket to her chin, Echo drifted into a light sleep.
She dreamed of Keebo.  His face was so clear, so real.  She felt guilt attack her belly.  She’d been so hard on him for not being honest with her.  And now, she had left without so much as a clue to her friend what she was doing.  He stared at her in her mind, showing his pain at her betrayal.  He stepped toward her.  A branch cracked under his foot…
Echo jolted awake.  Shimmer snorted as her ears pricked forward.  Their two hearts drummed a quick rhythm--the snapping twig hadn’t just been in Echo’s dream.  Someone or something was close.


Chapter 18
Three Magical Creatures

Echo and Shimmer stood simultaneously, their senses alert.  Shimmer’s nostrils dilated as she breathed in deeply.  Through her horse, Echo could smell everything from the fallen pine needles to small game hiding in burrows and bushes along the forest floor.  She gasped when the shadow of a large figure moved slowly through the trees.  It barely made a sound as it picked its way through thick undergrowth.  Echo was ready to draw her daggers when an image from Shimmer’s mind stopped her.  Shimmer wasn’t afraid.  In fact, she was very still, as if in awe.
Echo watched as the trees seemed to bend apart, allowing the figure to emerge like a black ghost.  Her eyes widened and she stood frozen as Shimmer nickered softly and then lowered her head in a graceful bow.  A magnificent black unicorn gazed at them.
Standing in the presence of Palmaero was an experience Echo couldn’t fully comprehend.  The prince of the unicorns was beyond breath-taking.  A creature rarely seen by anyone, he was as majestic and regal as a king; his flowing mane cascaded over his neck, across his withers, and down his leg like a royal cloak, nearly touching the ground.  His coat was the deepest black, but reflected the pre-dawn light like polished obsidian.  Knowing from her lessons that the touch of Palmaero’s horn could have terrific effects, both good and bad, Echo followed Shimmer’s example and went to her knees, bowing.
A voice sounded as if in her head.  It was deep and gentle. “Please, do not bow to me.  I am merely a messenger and a guide.  Arise, for I have come to offer council.”
Shimmer and Echo rose and gazed at the unicorn.  Echo couldn’t even begin to fathom what Palmaero would wish to tell them.  She wanted to ask, but found herself speechless.
“You will travel this great rock, for you will be needed along the pathway.  However, I urge you to reconsider seeking the Fate.  She is cunning and will use your desires to strengthen her own power.  Only one with a pure gift to offer can receive a boon from a Fate.  Consider my words, Echo Mareau.”
Echo moved her mouth open and shut as if to speak, but her voice remained hidden in her throat.  How could he know what she was doing?  How did he know her name?  She thought that she saw him smile!  The moment flashed away and Palmaero spoke again, “I know many things, young ones.  And I understand many things.  I urge you one last time, do not seek the Fate.  I have given council.  Do with it what you choose.”
His glassy black eyes bore into Echo’s for a moment.  The light of morning revealed the scene around them, though the risen sun was still hidden behind the enormous shadow of the mountain.  Palmaero’s voice joined the morning bird song.  “I must go now.  Our young friend, Ayden, will soon require my assistance.  Farewell Echo, and farewell, Shimmer.  May peace be your companion.”
The unicorn prince turned, his mane and tail floating around him.  The trees bowed, parting as if stepping aside.  Once Palmaero passed through, the trees came together again so that, if Echo hadn’t seen him, she would never have known the unicorn had been there.
Shimmer looked at Echo.  They felt each other’s awe over who they’d just met--and what he’d said.  Echo had second thoughts about her quest.  Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea.  But she quickly put that thought, along with Palmaero’s warning, aside.  It’s the only way to save Brecker.  She pleaded in her heart for Shimmer to continue with her.  The horse pushed against her chest with her muzzle and Echo knew Shimmer would follow her anywhere.  Her loyalty was powerfully touching.
“Well, we may as well get going.  I’m sure the elves know where we’ve gone by now.  Let’s try to stay ahead of them,” Echo said out loud.  She mounted Shimmer and they made their way further into the trees.
After twelve hours of climbing, stopping only long enough for quick rests, food, and water, Echo figured they were only half way up the mountain.  She was beginning to understand what her dad had meant about the Dragon’s Tooth seeming bigger as one climbed it.  The trees and rock stretched endlessly before them--a steep and rugged path into the clouds.
By the end of the second day, Echo was too tired to see straight.  Shimmer was weary, but still alert.  Shoving aside paranoid feelings aroused by darkness, Echo put her faith in her friend as they settled in for the night.  Allowing Shimmer’s rhythmic breathing to rock her, Echo fell fast asleep.
The next morning, Echo was rested and ready to move.  Shimmer shared her enthusiasm, and the pair of them made better time than the past two days.  They traveled at a hectic pace, but Echo’s training and Shimmer’s instincts took in enough of their surroundings for them to be able to find their way back down the mountain on their return journey.
Through their combined senses, Echo and Shimmer felt the presence of many creatures, familiar and unfamiliar.  Some scents frightened them both--strange scents carrying energy that left Echo unsettled and wary.  She knew peculiar beings lived on the mountain.  Beings of legend and folklore--like the wolfix.  She shivered as her mind flashed to a drawing she’d seen in the elvish library of a wolfix.  The artist was so skilled the winged, wolf-like creature seemed to leap off the page.  Some said they were guardians of treasure, others believed they guarded the gateway to an evil place where monsters were imprisoned.  Either way, she wasn’t eager to find one.
Echo hadn’t brought much food along, but her dad had spoken truth about the abundance of wild food along the trail.  Berries of many varieties colored the underbrush of the forest.  She also knew how to find edible roots, something Dorian had taught her and something she thought she’d never have to use.  After all, Thildin was brimming with food.
As Echo and Shimmer rested and ate lunch on the third day of their journey, Echo pondered something she hadn’t considered before she’d recklessly left the comforts of home.  Where, exactly, does the Fate live?  She’d re-read the scroll at least a thousand times, looking for some clue as to the exact coordinates of the Fate’s hide-away.  She found nothing.  She knew the Fate had to be near the top of the mountain because it said, “On the frozen edge of a Dragon’s Tooth…”  But what part of the frozen edge?  Was there a cave or some sort of clue up there?  Was she at the very top? Echo doubted a wooden arrow would be pointing to the Fate’s doorway.  How was she supposed to find her?  Palmaero’s warning constantly tapped at her subconscious mind.  But she wouldn’t allow it to fully surface, scared she’d take heed and abandon her quest to help Brecker.
It might’ve been her imagination, having just thought her brother’s name, but Echo jolted when she heard a sharp whistle--Brecker’s whistle calling Midnight Sun!  Shimmer came to attention, but Echo wasn’t sure if her horse had actually heard the sound or if her own emotions caused Shimmer’s reaction.  Without meaning to, she relayed images of Brecker astride Midnight Sun, mercilessly chasing them down.  Shimmer pranced nervously.
Shadows seemed to multiply around them.  Even the smallest shadow was suddenly dark and clear as Echo scanned the area with her eyes and strained her ears for any more sound.  The scent of pine pervaded her sense of smell.  She longed for Keebo’s presence as she frantically searched the thousands of pine trunks that surrounded them.
Every sound seemed highlighted.  Every rustle of leaves, every padded footfall of every little creature came through Echo and Shimmer’s senses with amplified clarity.  A buzzing sound caused her to jerk her head around and draw her weapons.  Certain they were about to be attacked, she sidled up to Shimmer.
Two pixies zipped through the area.  Their whistling language shot through the air as they passed by the terrified horse and rider.  The pixies conversed as they fluttered through the air like dragonflies, completely oblivious to the fear they’d just caused.  They disappeared into the trees, their sound fading with their forms.
Echo shakily returned her weapons.  She leaned her head against Shimmer’s neck, relieved.  “Sorry, Friend.  I didn’t mean to get so scared!”
Shimmer shook her mane and snorted, scolding Echo.  “I said I was sorry!” Echo snapped.  Then, she apologized again.  Shimmer simply walked away.  Echo sighed and followed close behind, waiting patiently for Shimmer to calm down and forgive her.
Echo was angry with herself, too, for freaking out so easily.  Her fear clouded her judgment.  If she’d stayed calm, she would’ve known immediately that the sound she’d heard was pixie language and not her brother.
After nearly an hour, Shimmer finally slowed, allowing Echo beside her.  The horse nudged her playfully against the arm, causing her to stumble.  She giggled, happy to have her friend back.  She shoved Shimmer back, but she lost her balance again as she bounced off of Shimmer’s solid form.  The horse gently grabbed Echo’s sleeve with her mouth and helped steady her.  “Thanks,” Echo said.  They continued walking side by side with Echo’s hand resting on Shimmer’s withers.
The trees grew thicker as they made their way further up the mountain.  The sunlight fought to push its way through the smothering branches.  Echo mounted Shimmer and both companions’ senses came to full alert.  The forest felt strange.
Echo forced herself to stay calm.  She didn’t want to overreact to anything again.  Shimmer’s ears swiveled on her head like a pair of insect antennae and her nostrils remained widened, taking in every scent.  Although Echo remained somewhat calm, she couldn’t stop the creeping sensation she usually experienced when she was watched or followed; it crawled up her neck like a spider, causing goose bumps to erupt on her scalp.
Shimmer began to trot.  Echo’s heart kept time with her horse’s hoof beats.  The little bit of light that she was relying on to keep her sane vanished as a cloud passed under the sun.  A low moaning caused Echo’s heart to drop to her stomach.  She swore she heard the whisper of her name within the sound.  She took a deep breath.  It’s the wind.  It’s just the wind.  Her resolve to keep from panicking was vanishing as quickly as the sunlight.  Shimmer wasn’t faring much better.  She, too, was trying her best to stay calm, but Echo could sense through her horse that, this time, something was definitely not right.
The moaning grew louder.  Shimmer increased her speed, but only to a canter as the trees forced her to keep a slower pace.  Then, Echo saw them.  Disembodied shadows.  Moving, living, breathing shadows!  They emerged from behind the trees and other foliage--three of them--shaped like men with eyes burning bright orange in the dim light.  Doons!
Echo and Shimmer screamed.  Ignoring the prison of trees, Shimmer shot forward, nearly unseating Echo.  She clung to the horse’s mane until her knuckles were white.  She lowered her body as close to Shimmer as she could to help her horse move faster.  Panic dominated their emotions.
The low moans followed them as branches sliced their bodies.  Shimmer skidded to a stop just before slamming into a tree.  She pivoted and ran a new direction, nearly hitting several more trees in her haste.  Echo could feel the doons.  Her skin crawled as they pursued, gaining ground as they slid easily through the shaded forest.
Echo and Shimmer both spotted a clearing.  Sunlight poured into it like gold.  A new determination helped bay their fear as they turned toward the light and pressed on.  Echo knew they had to put more space between them and the doons or the foul creatures would ride into the lit area on their shadow.  She sent encouraging thoughts to Shimmer in attempt to fuel the horse’s efforts.  Shimmer burst forward, now slipping through the trees as if she’d run through this forest a million times.  Echo resisted the urge to look back and focused on the light ahead.


Chapter 19
A Meeting at the Crossroads

The companions burst through the trees and into the light at a reckless speed.  A waterfall cascaded down a rugged cliff.  The pond it poured into was almost at the very edge of the clearing.  Shimmer dug all four hooves into the dirt and tried to slow down, but her momentum forced them into the water.
Echo found herself flung from Shimmer’s back and thrust headlong into the base of the waterfall.  She had only a split second to take a breath before the surging water forced her under.  The thunderous sound of the waterfall shook her core as the churning water pushed her deeper.  She frantically kicked her legs and flailed her arms, attempting to swim out from under the falls.  But the force of the water kept pulling her back.  She was running out of air!
A pair of ghostly hands wrapped around her waist and yanked.  Echo shot out of the water like a flying fish.  Her rescuer released her as she flew over the pond and then landed hard on the shore.  She gasped for air and would’ve lain there, but Shimmer’s scream forced her to rise and draw her weapons.  The doons were still in pursuit.
The brightly lit area slowed the dark creatures, although they were still able to slither between shadows in the grass and behind rocks.  Echo and Shimmer faced them, even knowing they knew they had no way to defeat them.  The doons were close enough to reach toward them, ready to grab them and drag them back to Belzac.
A giant orb of water descended before them.  It reflected the sunlight like a great mirror, blasting the doons with flashes of light.  The shadows screeched and then broke apart, their forms tearing like delicate fabric.  And then they were gone.  The orb crashed to the ground, splashing Echo and Shimmer.
Echo spun around and faced Cage.  She was so happy to see him she laughed.  Her joy was quickly thwarted at Cages’ expression.  His scowl was deep and his nostrils flared, his jaw muscle contracted as he clenched his teeth.  “What do you think you’re doing?”
Echo gaped at him and Shimmer set herself firmly between Echo and Cage.  The wraith’s unnerving voice sounded from the other side of Shimmer’s form.  “Tell her to move.  Now!”
Reluctant to face the angry wraith, Echo hesitated.  But, knowing she’d have to talk to him sooner or later, she asked Shimmer to step aside.  The horse slowly stepped back.  Echo kept her eyes on the ground, afraid to look at Cage.  She could hear him breathing hard, as if he were attempting to calm himself.  She didn’t think it was working.
Cage spoke through clenched teeth, “You could have just been captured or killed.  Do you realize that?  Do you have any idea what kind of trouble you are causing?  What happens if you die?  You won’t be able to help Brecker. You won’t be able to help me.”
Echo suddenly felt her anger.  Her eyes snapped up as she scowled at Cage.  “You wouldn’t care at all what I was doing if you didn’t want to use me.  I’m doing what I have to do in order to help Brecker.”
Cage shook his head, his lips were a thin line.  “What are you doing to help Brecker? Seeking a Fate?  You seek a Fate, you seek worse than death.  No matter what you ask, she’ll find a way to use your request for her gain and your loss.”
“And you would know, I suppose.  Have you ever asked help from a Fate?”
“No.  I’m not that stupid!  You need to turn around and get back to Thildin. You are completely exposed out here.  Belzac knows where you are, obviously.” Cage stared at her. “Everyone knows where you are, Echo.  Did you really think you’d fool anyone?”
Cage’s words felt harsh, but Echo held her ground.  “If everyone knows where I am, then why hasn’t anyone, besides you, come after me yet?”
Rolling his eyes, Cage answered, “You’re with one of the fastest horses on the planet, for one.  Plus, Dorian felt you needed this journey for some stupid, elvish…” Cage’s mouth screwed up as he tried to think of the right word, “thing!” he spat.  Echo would’ve laughed if she hadn’t been so irritated.
“Well, then, if Dorian thinks I need it, I probably do.  Besides, Palmaero said my help would be needed along this path, so I’m not going to stop now.”
Cage gaped at her.  “Palmaero?  He talked to you?”
“Actually, to us,” Echo replied and patted Shimmer on the neck.  Shimmer raised her head proudly.
Cage ran his fingers through his hair.  “Fine.  Whatever.  But I can’t save you every time you get into trouble.  In fact, I have to go.”  He pointed his finger at her, “Keep yourself safe--stay in the light as much as possible and keep a fire going at night.  I still think you’re making a big mistake.” He paused and his face brightened as a sly smile crossed his lips.  “Of course, I could force you to come with me, you know.  I’ve kept people alive under the water further distances than from here to Thildin.”
Echo gulped.  She knew she was too weak to resist Cage’s spells.  On a desperate hope, she put on her most confident smirk.  “You could, but you won’t.  Because if you do, I promise, I will never help you or anyone associated with you--ever!”
She felt a little childish speaking that way, but it felt good to see Cage’s smile fade.  He growled in frustration and then dove into the water and disappeared.  Echo was relieved and mortified at the same time.  As much as Cage had irritated her, he had saved her life--and now, she and Shimmer were alone again.
The pair traveled at an urgent pace for the remainder of the day.  That night, neither of them slept as they suctioned themselves to each other next to the bonfire Echo had lit.  The flames leapt high and burned hot, threatening to consume the forest around them.  But Echo wasn’t about to let it dwindle.  She’d made a pile of twigs and logs as tall as Shimmer and placed it close enough to them that she’d barely have to move to add more to the fire.  Owls, howling wolves, moaning breezes, and groaning tree branches helped fuel Echo’s wild imagination.  She had to force her mind to think positively to keep her fears at bay.
Her thoughts went directly to Keebo and Cage.  She dreamed about them both with her eyes wide and staring at the fire. The dancing flames transformed into dancing bodies--first her and Keebo, then her and Cage.  They were so different.  Yet she felt strongly about them both.  She’d known Keebo forever. She knew his little quirks and knew his features so well, she could almost see him before her as if he were really there.  His laugh sounded in her mind, helping her to relax; that cheerful laugh that reminded her of spring rain.  She knew that was weird, but she didn’t know how else to describe it; maybe it was because Keebo’s laughter gave her a sense of peace, same as the rain.
But Cage, he was adventure.  So mysterious, handsome, and--as she’d found on several occasions--strong.  The fact that he was an expert horseman intrigued her even more.  Especially since his horse was a kelpie.  Her heart pounded, thinking about his alluring eyes and the spell he’d put over her the first time they’d met.  Even his voice was exciting.
Echo continued with her reveries, back and forth between Keebo and Cage.  Thinking about them kept her calm, and it was refreshing to think about something other than Brecker, Belzac, or the Fate.
The next two days of travel were miserable.  Shimmer kept to cleared pathways, as the sun shone brighter there than in the trees.  Echo was positive someone was following them and jumped at every sound, however minute.  Neither horse nor rider slept except to doze off for a minute or two at a time.  And both were in desperate need of nourishment as they’d been too scared to even stop and find food.  Shimmer nipped at leaves and grass along the way, and Echo occasionally snatched a handful of berries.  But it wasn’t enough.  Her stomach growled at her like an angry bear woken from hibernation.
“Shimmer, I think we’d better stop.  I need food,” Echo said wearily.  Shimmer stopped immediately and, after Echo slid from her back, went directly to a patch of grass and clover and proceeded to graze hungrily.  
“Not too much clover or you’ll get a belly ache,” Echo warned.  Shimmer grunted and kept eating.
Echo knew she needed protein.  The thought of killing a rabbit or some other cute, fuzzy creature didn’t sit well with her, though.  She nibbled on some freeze berries as she searched the ground for clues to certain roots that would give her what she needed.  She didn’t find any.  The silver berries were cold on her tongue and their juice was refreshing.
Not wanting to stop for too long, Echo lifted rocks and found insects and worms scurrying in every direction in fear of their lives.  She thought of Dorian eating worms.  She’d been revolted by it before, but with her stomach threatening to jump out of her throat, the prospect seemed suddenly acceptable.
Echo scooped up a handful of wriggling worms and rinsed them off with water from her canteen.  Before she gave herself time to think about it, she stuffed the worms in her mouth.  The first bite almost made her vomit.  Shimmer paused from her grazing, looking to Echo with concern.  She raised her hand and nodded, signaling she would be okay.
Okay, just chew fast and swallow! she told herself.  The texture of the worms was soft and chewy at the same time.  It was the squirting of their insides that made it horrifying.  Echo shoved more freeze berries in with the worms, attempting to fool her brain into thinking the squirting was berry juice.  The berries did help the taste, but her mind wasn’t fooled at all.
Finally, Echo had chewed enough to swallow.  She took a long drink of water to wash it all down.  Then, she sat on the rock she’d taken her meal from and stared at the ground.  She was waiting for it to all come back up.
It didn’t.  In fact, she felt a lot better.  Her stomach stopped churning and she felt a little stronger for the food in her belly.  She looked at the other rocks that lay scattered around them.  No.  One handful was more than enough!  She ate more berries and chewed on the bark from their branches, which was good for boosting the immune system.  Not that she expected to get ill, but it couldn’t hurt.
After Shimmer had had her fill, the companions walked side by side to continue their journey. Their moods had improved and Echo even felt hopeful.  That is, until the all-too-familiar creeping sensation prickled her neck and scuffling noises sounded along the path behind them.  Echo mounted Shimmer.  “I think we need to move faster again!” she stated.  Shimmer was already in a gallop before Echo had finished her sentence.
They ran for a long time, burning away all the food they’d just eaten.  The sun was hanging in the western sky, beating down on them with relentless heat.  Lather had formed on Shimmer’s neck and body when they came to a cross roads and stopped.
Echo dismounted and looked at the path behind them.  She listened as intently as she could through her and Shimmer’s heavy breathing.  The forest was quiet but for a few birds and squirrels.
Echo walked with Shimmer in a big circle to cool her down.  They had to have gone several miles because Shimmer didn’t usually get tired after shorter distances.  The thought astounded Echo.
“You’re amazing, Shimmer.  That was quite a run!”
Shimmer responded by snorting.  Echo sensed the horse wasn’t impressed with herself.  Echo tried to disagree, but Shimmer’s focus remained negative.
Echo’s thoughts wandered to the cross roads they were walking around.  Which way was the right way?  They looked identical, except for a slight variation in the trees.  Just what I need, Echo thought sarcastically.  She was tired and grumpy.  Did this mountain ever end?
A soft voice sounded, nearly causing the two companions to jump to the tree tops.  They spun around as Echo drew her daggers.  What Echo first noticed were the eyes.  Large, almond-shaped, dark, and more beautiful than any eyes she’d ever seen.  They were set in the delicate face of a girl with pale, smooth skin and long, jet-black, shining hair; pointed ears shown in contrasting white against her hair. 
Her long, white robe was trimmed with bright shades of blue, red, and yellow.  A circular ornament dangled from a red ribbon near the bottom of the robe; it carried a symbol that Echo didn’t recognize--dark and light swirling against each other as if chasing one another around the circle.
“I am sorry,” the girl said softly.  Her words were crisp and clearly pronounced.  “I did not mean to frighten you.  Please, I will show you what I am, so that you will no longer fear me.”
Echo kept her blades pointed at the figure.  She stood in awe as a pair of wings unfolded on the girl’s back; the tips had been pointed toward her feet, keeping the wings hidden behind her body.  They now stretched upward, unfolding like a fan until the sharply pointed tips nearly touched above her head.  The effect was angelic with the girl’s head haloed by the curved insides of her wings.  They were as bright and colorful as her clothing.
The fairy smiled at Echo and Shimmer so brightly, Echo knew she was in no danger.  She lowered her blades and the girl spoke, “My name is Song.  I am a woodland fae.  And you, my friends, have been sent to help me.”


Chapter 20
Song

Echo gaped in shock.  Before her stood a real-life woodland fae! She was beautiful--even more beautiful than Alena.  She gawked at the fairy for a long time, causing the creature to giggle. “I did not mean to send your voice away, Echo.  Please, come with me. I will take you to a safe place where you and Shimmer can rest; there I can explain things to you further.”
Song extended a hand, gesturing for them to follow.  Echo consulted Shimmer’s subconscious mind. Should we trust her? How does she know my name? Does everyone know my name?
Shimmer relayed her feelings--she felt no immediate threat.  She flashed images of Song speaking to the trees.  Shimmer believed that was how she knew their names.  Echo slowly put her daggers away and followed Song. The fae’s smooth and graceful movements made it seem as if she floated rather than walked.  Echo marveled as she watched the tiny veins sparkle on Song’s flexing wings. She felt rude, but she couldn’t quit staring.  When Song turned and looked at her, Echo quickly lowered her gaze.  Song giggled again.  “You think I am the first woodland fae you have seen?” she asked.
Echo had seen pixies all her life, but not fairies.  She finally found her voice.  “I think you’re the first fairy of any kind that I’ve ever seen.  I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to stare.  You just surprised me.  How did you appear so quickly?”
“I came through the trees, of course,” Song replied.  Echo knew woodland fae could meld with the trees.  Had Song implied that she’d transported herself through them?  She didn’t have time to put her question to her host. They arrived at a stone gate that, had Song not been leading her straight to it, Echo would never have noticed it.  It blended with the rock as if it were just another part of the mountain. 
The companions walked under the arch of stone and into what could’ve been a different world.  In fact, Echo wondered if the gate had transported them to a different realm.  Trees of every sort stood amidst a modest, but colorful garden.  The sun highlighted bright colors painted on the petals of every flower imaginable--roses, daisies, blue bells, sunflowers, sweet peas, and so many that Echo couldn’t even name.  Butterflies and bumblebee birds fluttered everywhere, and lilting turtledove song added to the serenity of the garden.  A trickling stream carried itself cheerfully through the scene.
Echo breathed deeply and closed her eyes.  She allowed the warmth of the sun to soak into her face as peace enveloped her.  She was afraid if she stayed here too long, she might never leave.
Upon hearing Song’s soft voice, Echo opened her eyes.  The fae motioned for Echo to sit at a stone table, the top of which was so polished it threatened to blind her for the glare of the sun reflecting off of its surface.  The table was piled with food; fruits and vegetables were perfectly balanced by arrangement of size, shape and color.  Echo’s stomach growled rudely.  She felt her cheeks redden as Song laughed.  “I knew you would be hungry.  Please, eat until you are satisfied,” Song said.  Turning to Shimmer she added, “Please, graze freely.  Only, don’t eat my roses.  They are a special variety and can cause irrational behavior.”
Shimmer bowed her head slightly to their host and then cropped sweet grass with her teeth.  Echo tried to eat slowly as she listened to birdsong and Shimmer’s crunching.  Her monster stomach was soon tamed and she felt content.
Song leaned over the table as she poured Echo some water from a hollowed out gourd.  As her body brushed past her, Echo caught a strong scent of pine and gasped. After thanking Song for the water, she asked, “Do all woodland fae smell like pine trees?”
Song sat at the opposite end of the stone table.  Her posture was perfect--straight-backed without seeming rigid.  She folded her dainty hands in her lap and studied Echo with twinkling eyes.  “I am not certain.  I did not realize I smelled like pine.  It does make sense, though, does it not?  We are in the trees most of the time.  The scent probably becomes a part of who we are.”
Echo leaned forward eagerly, ready to ask more questions. But Song spoke again before she could.  “I am sorry to cut this conversation short.  Our timing is important.  You must learn why you are here and what it is I require of you.” Song tilted her head, suddenly distracted from speaking to Echo.  She seemed to be listening to something.  Echo noticed the pine tree closest to them rustling, though she could feel no breeze.  Fascinating!  Song was listening to the tree!
When the tree became still, Song smiled brightly.  “Ah, my friend arrives.  Please, do not be alarmed when she appears.  You may have heard of eloki?”
Echo shook her head slowly, confused.  Song explained.  “Eloki are tiny dragons.  I am fortunate enough to have befriended one in my youth.  She has been with me most of my life.  Her name is Jia.”
Echo’s stomach tickled with excitement, and Shimmer raised her head and whistled a greeting as a form flew into the garden.  Echo stood and watched a dragon the size of a small dog move through the air as smoothly and gracefully as an eel through water.  Its tiny scales gleamed shades of red and blue, and its wings were ornately colored with spots of bright yellow.
Jia flew playfully over Shimmer’s head and the horse half-reared.  Echo was surprised to feel Shimmer’s glee at seeing the creature.  It was almost as if they were long-lost friends.
Song stood and held her hand in the air with her palm cupped upward.  She held a bunch of grasshoppers.  Echo saw one move, but none of them attempted to leap from Song’s hand as Jia hovered above her and proceeded to lick the treat from her master’s hand.  The dragon then landed atop a rounded boulder and groomed herself like a cat.  Song stood patiently, waiting for her friend to finish.  Echo didn’t mind waiting, either.  She watched the creature, amazed and honored to see something so beautiful.
When Jia finished, she sat frozen on the stone, her tiny but sharp talons scraping against the rock.  She became so still, Echo would’ve mistaken her for a statue had she not seen Jia moving seconds before.  The dragon gazed steadily into Song’s eyes for several minutes, then suddenly curled up on the stone and went to sleep.
Song turned to Echo. “We have had some fortune.  Jia has found something for which we have been searching for many years.  Your timing is perfect.  However, you and Shimmer must rest before we continue.  We will begin in the morning.”
Although Echo was wildly curious about what Song was talking about, she allowed their host to lead her and Shimmer to a soft cushion of leaves and heather.  The companions lowered themselves to the natural bed and, as usual, leaned against each other to rest.  Inside the protected garden, Echo slept well for the first time in days.
When Song finally summoned them the next morning, Echo felt much better, amazed at what a little sleep could do.
Song spoke as she removed her silky robe, revealing leather traveling attire, “I will remove this as it will encumber my movements.  We will be taking a bit of a climb over many stones.”  Echo watched as Song folded her robe in several precise movements until it was a small, perfect square.  A pang of homesickness hit as Song’s precision reminded Echo of her mother.
Song placed the robe against a tree trunk.  Echo gasped as the trunk rippled like water and then swallowed the robe.  “There,” Song said.  “Now it will remain safe.”
Echo asked a myriad of questions as they followed Song and Jia out of the garden.  Jia was perched atop Song’s left shoulder, which was shielded from the dragon’s razor sharp talons by a thick patch of leather.  The rest of Song’s attire was also leather, but softer and sleeker.  Streaks of darker brown were infused into the material, giving the clothing the appearance of tree bark.  Echo also noticed that Song wore a belt upon which  hung two strange, rectangle shaped weapons--one on each of her hips.
“So, can woodland fae travel through the trees?  I mean, not between them, but actually through them?” Echo asked.
Song looked at her curiously. “You do not know?”
Echo shook her head.
“Well, yes.  That is our quickest form of transportation.  Centuries ago, our ancestors formed a bond with the trees.  They asked permission to use the trees to communicate and to travel great distances in a short time.  In return, our ancestors vowed to care for the trees and guard them against those who would destroy them.”
“That’s amazing!” Echo said, feeling like an excited little girl on a holiday.  “How do you care for the trees?”
As they walked, Song described the many methods her race used to care for the trees, from their root systems to removing harmful bacteria from their trunks.  She even gave a demonstration.  They found an old tree which had a yellow spot on one side of its trunk.  The spot began just below the branches and reached toward the roots, threatening the life of the tree.  Echo watched as Song whispered to the tree and then moved her hand over the trunk.  An orange glow appeared underneath Song’s hands as they slowly moved the over the bark.  Echo wondered what kind of magic the fairy was using.  Small wisps of smoke rose from where Song worked and the yellow turned to black.
It’s fire! Echo realized.  The tree shivered as its bark singed.  Song worked until the entire spot was burned away.  She then took a pouch from her belt and opened it, revealing a clear salve which she rubbed over the burned area.
Finally, she touched the undamaged part of the trunk and spoke strange, soft words and then turned toward Echo and Shimmer.  “There, she will be better now.  I caught the evil before it reached her core or her roots.”
“That was incredible,” Echo said breathlessly.
Song giggled.  “Not so incredible to me.  It is just what we do.  If we did not care for the trees this way, sooner or later a large fire would erupt and consumed the trees in attempt to rid the forest of disease; but that fire would consume all the trees, affected and unaffected alike.  This way, we can save the forest from such a terrible fate.”
Echo wanted to continue learning everything she could about the woodland fae.  But conversation slowed as the terrain became steeper with large, jagged boulders along the forest floor.  Echo had to concentrate to keep from tripping or stubbing her toes.
Song leapt easily and daintily from one stone to another, fluttering her wings to keep herself moving fluidly.  Jia took to the air, hovering over them all and watching their progress with beady black eyes.  Shimmer snorted in frustration; the climb was most difficult for her.
They stopped briefly for food and rest, and then continued their tedious climb.  Although Echo thought she was in shape, the exertion was beginning to make her leg muscles burn.  She didn’t want to complain in front of Song, though, so she gritted her teeth and kept moving.
Echo almost cried with joy when Song stopped again.  “We will rest again before we reach our destination.  There are things I must tell you now, to prepare--” Song stopped abruptly as a flock of swallows suddenly burst out of the trees and into the air.  Their warning cries echoed through the forest.
Echo and Song drew their weapons.  Song’s weapons opened like fans;  instead of paper, sharpened blades gleamed in the sun.  Jia slithered through the air, winding her way between trees until she was no longer visible.  Shimmer tuned her senses and together, she and Echo scanned the area for danger.
Song whispered, “We are too close to our goal.  There are those who wish to stop us.  Ready yourselves, for if there are too many for Jia to stop, we will have to fight.”
Echo’s nerves jolted when a sharp cry, like that of a large eagle, cut through the trees.  Shouts and the sound of axes against bark sliced the air.  Song remained steady, her face smooth and grave, but a single tear rolled down one cheek as more sounds of splintering bark reached them.
Jia shot through the trees toward them, screeching like an eagle.  “They were too many for her. Prepare yourselves!” Song shouted.  Echo held her daggers firm, but their tips vibrated, giving sign to her fear.  Shimmer stood next to her with tensed muscles, ready to attack whatever came through the trees.
A rancid smell reached the companions before they saw their adversaries.  Ten creatures, their bodies in the form of hairy, mutant potatoes, charged toward them.  Sulkas!  Echo had learned about the foul beings in her lessons.  They were warriors who fought for whoever they believed had the greatest power, leeching off that ruler for riches and glory.  Currently, they worked for Degus. They weren’t very bright, but they were strong fighters.
Echo, Song, and Shimmer stood firm as their attackers came closer.  The sulkas held axes with jagged blades above their heads.  Song stood as still as a statue, her eyes flaming at the rushing creatures.  Shimmer snorted and pawed at the stony earth, sending intimidating sparks into the air.  Echo wanted to turn and run.
The first sulka reached Song.  The fae moved her arms and body as gracefully as the wind through the branches of a tree.  The sulka swung its axe, but Song caught its weapon with hers, slicing clean through the handle and sending the head spinning through the air; it imbedded itself into another sulka, killing it instantly.
Echo wished she could continue to watch Song fight, but she had her own worries.  The remaining sulkas rushed at them.  Echo’s training, instincts, and adrenaline kicked in.  As Shimmer reared and sliced at a sulka with her sharp hooves, Echo engaged another, spinning her weapons so quickly their blades could barely be seen.  The sulkas were stronger than they appeared, and the force of their weapons against Echo’s sent powerful jolts through her arms.  To her own surprise, she quickly disarmed one sulka, then spun around to fight another.  She started to feel more confident as she worked her way past two more of the foul creatures.
Then, a sulka attacked her from behind.  It leapt onto her back, grasping her neck with wiry arms and surprisingly strong hands.  Its foul smell made Echo’s eyes water.  She gasped for air as the creature squeezed against her throat.
Suddenly, the sulka let go.  Echo sucked in a deep breath and turned to see Shimmer biting into the back of Echo’s attacker.  The horse flung the sulka against a tree with such force its head split open and it fell dead at the tree’s roots.  A milky liquid oozed from its fatal wound.
Echo thanked Shimmer with a fleeting thought as she sliced through two sulka at once.  Her blades were stained with their milky blood.  She was horrified at her violence, but continued to fight.  Her guilt was soon thwarted, however, when a sulka sliced Shimmer’s side with its axe.  Echo and Shimmer screamed together as they felt the pain.  That pain turned to rage inside of her and she attacked the sulka without mercy.  Within a second, the creature lay in pieces on the forest floor.
The battle didn’t last long after that.  Two sulka fled to the trees before they could be killed.  “Cowards!” Song spat, then composed herself and cleaned, folded, and returned her weapons to her belt.
Echo stood staring at the mutilated sulka that littered the ground.  She felt sick at the sight of the carnage, but even sicker at knowing she had helped them die.  Guilt overwhelmed her, especially at thinking of how her rage had taken over and helped her kill without reservation.
Song’s soft hand touched Echo’s shoulder.  “Do not be ashamed, friend.  You did what was necessary.  If there would have been a way to stop them without killing them, I would have done so.  Battles are never lovely, but they are sometimes necessary.”
Echo didn’t respond.  She didn’t feel any comfort from Song’s words.
“Come, let us leave this place.  The forest will tend to the bodies,” Song said softly.  She turned and walked away.  Echo walked behind her, her mind numb. Shimmer nuzzled her, lending comforting thoughts and emotions.  She also gave Echo a feeling of strength and pride, something that Shimmer possessed naturally.  Echo’s emotions calmed at her horse’s touch.  She’d never feel good about killing the sulka, but she had proven that she could fight if need be.
After Echo rubbed curatree sap on Shimmer’s wound, they walked for fifteen minutes before Song stopped.  “Now, put thoughts of our battle aside.  I have much to tell you before we reach our destination.  We are approaching the entrance to a hidden cavern.  The cavern holds something very precious that we must release.  I need your help with dissolving the spell that blocks the cavern door.”
Echo wanted to laugh.  “What can I do to help break a spell?  I have no magical abilities.”
Song smiled, her dark eyes gazing intently into Echo’s.  “We will see.  I cannot do it alone.  I have trained for this day my entire life, Echo.  I knew that it would come and that I would find the one who could help me.  Many have passed through the forest, but none with energy like yours.  I knew you were the one I’d been waiting for as soon as I saw you.  Especially when Jia found the cavern at the same moment I found you. With all of our energies combined, we will succeed.”
“What energy do I have?” Echo asked softly.  Cage’s words about her energy flashed in her head.  It seemed that everyone knew things about her that she didn’t know.
“I cannot tell, exactly.  But you and Shimmer are powerful.  An ancient energy flows through you.”
Echo shook her head slowly.  “I’m sorry.  I just don’t understand.  I’m human.  Humans don’t have magical energy.”
Song studied her as Jia landed lightly on her shoulder.  The dragon curled its tail around Songs arm for balance.  “I do not have all the answers today.  But if I am not mistaken, you will feel the power you possess when we open the cavern door.  Perhaps things will become clearer then.”
Doubting Song’s words, Echo followed her through a maze of trees.  The ground was less cluttered here, and they were soon on a smoother path.  Within minutes, they came toward a clearing.  Song slowed and turned toward Echo.  She placed a finger to her lips as signal to proceed quietly.  They stopped inside the edge of the trees and surveyed the open area.
At the opposite end of the clearing, a sharp, white cliff jutted toward the sky.  Vines of ivy crept up the stone, giving it a veined look.  At the base of the cliff, the ivy outlined a space distinctly shaped like a giant, arched doorway.  Echo gasped and grasped Shimmer’s mane tightly.  Guarding the sides of the door and pacing back and forth in front of it were four creatures as big as ponies.  The silver hair on their dog-like bodies bristled along their spines; gray, bat-like wings, the membranes stretched like thin tarp between skeletal structures, sprouted from between the creatures’ shoulder blades.  Small, black pupils were set in intense eyes that flashed bright yellow as they bared stained teeth and lowered their heads, facing the direction where Echo and company were hiding.
Echo stared at the creatures, not believing what she was seeing.  Her skin prickled.  The creatures were only familiar to her through legend, but she couldn’t deny that they were wolfix!


Chapter 21
The Crystal Key

Song’s eyes sparkled at Echo.  “They know we are here,” she said.  “We no longer need to hide.”  She took a step forward, causing Echo’s stomach to drop.  Maybe it was her imagination, but the wolfix didn’t exactly look welcoming.  She couldn’t understand Song’s eagerness to confront them.
Song emerged from the trees and faced the wolfix.  Echo followed a few paces behind the fairy. She went to draw her daggers, but stopped short when the nearest wolfix fixed its gaze on her and growled.  The sound rumbled from deep within the animal and rolled out of its throat like thunder.  Its wings rose sharply to the sky, intimidating Echo even more.  Shimmer snorted and plastered her ears against her neck, ready to fight. 
 Song slowly turned to look at Echo who had her hand frozen above the hilt of one of her daggers.  “Do not draw your weapons.  If you do, they will attack and kill without question,” Song said quietly.
Echo’s mouth went dry and she carefully lowered her hand.  The wolfix ceased growling.  Jia took to the air and swooped at the wolfix who stood guard at the cavern entrance.  The creature leapt onto its hind legs, nipping playfully at the dragon.  The dominant wolfix, the one that had growled moments before, turned and then snarled, snapping its teeth at the playing wolfix.  The other creature abruptly stopped playing and re-assumed a more threatening stance.
Song stiffened her arms at her sides and turned her palms toward the wolfix with her fingers pointing toward the ground.  Slowly, she raised her arms until her body formed a cross.  Echo held her breath as the lead wolfix slowly circled Song, sniffing and studying every part of her.  He hovered over her weapons, then continued his inspection.  When he finished, he sat on his haunches in front of her and waited.  His wings folded against his body and his intense gaze made Echo uncomfortable, even though he was looking at Song and not her.
Song spoke to the creature with soft, strange words that Echo didn’t understand.  The wolfix sat silently until Song finished speaking.  His companions remained bristled and alert.
Echo nearly screamed as the wolfix suddenly rose on its hind legs, placed its giant paws on Song’s small shoulders, and then licked her face.  Song laughed and the other wolfix relaxed.  Jia resumed playing with the one at the doorway, and the others spun in circles, allowing their large tongues to loll from their mouths.  They suddenly looked like a pack of overgrown puppies.
Song giggled and scratched the large beast behind the ears.  “It is good to see you again, old friends.”
“Old friends?  You know these creatures?” Echo asked, astonished.
“Yes.  Wolfix are creatures of the woodlands.  They are our allies.  They have kept this cavern safe from dark beings that would enslave what lives inside.  If we had arrived in the dark, the wolfix would have attacked without hesitation.”
Echo stifled a shiver and asked, “What does live in there?  And why do we need to release it?”
Song cast Echo a mysterious look.  “We need to release them.  And I will leave what they are a secret for now.  Trust that no harm will befall you.  I believe you will find this exciting.”  The fairy’s eyes sparkled before she turned and ran her fingertips along the stone.
In spite of Song’s excitement, Echo was irritated.  Why couldn’t the fairy just tell her what they were releasing?  “Why are they trapped in there in the first place?” she asked, trying to keep the edge out of her voice.
Song continued to feel the rock doorway, her delicate fingers brushing against cracks and bumps.  “They are not trapped, just waiting.  They have kept hidden inside, waiting for the precise moment they would be needed.  As I said, they had to be kept safe from dark beings, such as the evil sorceress, Degus.  She would have enslaved them if she could have reached them.  And if that were to happen, Shae Vale would not be able to stand against her.  Ah! I think I’ve found it!”
Echo’s stomach fluttered as Song stuck her finger in a circular hole.  “What is it?”
Song pulled out her finger and smiled at Echo.  “Behind this patch of rock is a crystal that, when we combine our energies, will break the spell and open the door.”
Intrigued, Echo studied the stone.  “How do we get it out?”
“Can you not see the answer before you?” Song asked.  Echo’s eyes traced the wall of stone.  The small hole went deep and nothing could be seen inside but blackness.  From the outer edge of the hole, several hairline fractures scarred the stone, spreading across it like a giant spider’s web.
Echo placed her palm against the hole.  The stone around it felt dry.  “We need something to hit it with.  I think it’ll break.  This rock feels brittle and these fractures should have weakened it.”
“Over there,” Song said.  She gestured toward a large boulder, a piece of the cliff that had broken away and fallen against a tree.  “I think we can throw that against the wall.”
Echo wasn’t so certain.  The stone was huge and looked like it weighed a ton.  They walked to it and stood on either side facing each other.  Song nodded and they both bent at the knees, grabbing the belly of the stone.  It was much lighter than Echo thought it would be, but it still took a lot of effort to lift.
They waddled to the arched clearing.  After slowly swinging the large boulder back and forth a few times, they released it against the cliff.  It made contact with a loud crack, sending bits of the cliff face showering toward them.  Echo instinctively covered her face with her arm, shielding herself from the jagged shards.
When the dust cleared, they could see that much of the cliff had been removed, but not enough to get to the crystal.  The girls struggled with the stone a second time.  They gritted their teeth and then yelled as the stone left their hands and smacked against the cliff again.  More shards of stone flew through the air and, much to Echo’s relief, the crystal now lay bare against a second layer of stone that still blocked the doorway.
Echo rubbed her arm muscles as she and Song studied the crystal.  It was no bigger than Echo’s palm.  Set in a clear, polished, star-shaped stone, the opalescent crystal flashed in the sunlight.  Echo felt a strange connection to it.  Shimmer nickered and approached, touching her on the shoulder with her muzzle.  Echo could see Song from the corner of her eye, with Jia perched atop her shoulder.  They were both watching intently.
The jagged edges of the crystal sent sparks of white light as Echo moved toward it.  She raised her hand, wanting more than anything to touch it, to hold it.  Shimmer stayed close, and Echo knew her horse felt as drawn to the crystal as she.
Her shaking hand seemed as if it belonged to someone else as she reached toward the sparkling stone.  A curious energy emanated from the crystal; it reached toward her, brushing against her palm.  She curled her fingers around the inside corners of the star, scraping her fingernails on the stone behind it.  The crystal fit perfectly in her palm, and her fingers fit snugly around the star.  With no effort, she pulled the star and crystal away from the cliff.
The crystal was heavier than she thought it’d be.  The weight of it pressed against her palm as she held it, inspecting it closely.  It pulsated with a vague light, as if it were trying to communicate.
Echo turned her shocked face toward Song.  “What is this?  It seems familiar--and alive!”
Song’s face filled with wonder.  “I knew it was you!  The crystal is yours, though I can offer no explanation to how or why this is so.  It just is.”
Echo stood mesmerized for a long while.  She couldn’t fathom how this thing of beauty that had been embedded in the side of a cliff for who knew how long could be hers.  But she couldn’t deny the energy that she felt connecting her to it.
Finally, she tore her gaze from the crystal and looked at Song.  The fairy stood in patient calmness.  Echo’s voice was a whisper.  “What now?  How do we use this to open the door?”
“Let us find out together,” Song said, and then turned toward the doorway. “I believe the crystal is a key.  All we need to do is find the keyhole.”
Echo’s eyes went directly to the center of the doorway, expecting to find a spot to fit the crystal.  Stupid. It wouldn’t be that obvious, she scolded herself.  She and Song searched while the wolfix and Jia played.  The dog-like creatures released deep, penetrating barks that Echo would’ve found terrifying had she not known they were playing.  Shimmer kept an eye on them from a distance as she grazed on foliage.
After an hour, Song squealed with excitement.  “I think I found it!”
Echo’s stomach fluttered and she dove onto her knees next to Song.  At the very corner of the right hand side of the arch, hidden by a small bush, was an indentation.  Serrated edges suggested that the crystal should fit perfectly into the spot.
Breathless, Echo carefully pulled at the crystal to separate it from the star.  It didn’t want to budge at first, but she managed to coax it from its protective casing.  With shaking fingers, she placed the jagged crystal against the indentation, turning it until it popped into place.  She felt a trickle of energy run up her arm as the crystal took its position in the stone.
Song and Echo looked at each other, unable to hide their exuberant expressions.  Song spoke quickly, “Now, if I am correct, we must all combine our energy, touching one another in a chain with you touching the crystal.  With fortune, we will break the spell and open the door.”
Shimmer approached without summons and Jia flapped down from the sky, landing with her talons sinking into the soil.  She reached her snout toward Song.  The fairy allowed the tiny dragon to rest its head in her palm.  Then Song placed her other hand on Echo’s shoulder.  Shimmer nudged Echo before resting her lips on Echo’s other shoulder.  Her hot breath tickled Echo’s neck, but she barely felt it as she stared at the crystal.
Echo glanced at Song. The fairy nodded and, as they all held their breath, Echo reached toward the crystal with both hands.  She cupped her hands over the crystal, feeling its cold, jagged surface against her palms.  Nothing happened.
Disappointed, Echo lowered her hands.  “No, wait.  Replace your hands, Echo.  Let me try something,” Song said.
Echo replaced her hands, certain that nothing would happen.  Song spoke a phrase in the same strange language she’d used with the wolfix, emphasizing certain words.  The wolfix were suddenly at their backs, pressing their enormous, wet snouts against them.  Echo gasped as she felt the crystal turn to ice against her touch.  Song continued repeating the same phrase and Echo felt a surge of energy course through her from Shimmer, Song, and the wolfix.  Ribbons of power flowed to her hands and into the crystal, causing it to glow white.  It became so cold, Echo was certain her skin would freeze.
The doorway rippled as if the stone had turned into mud.  Song repeated her strange words louder and the power surged through Echo more forcefully.  She felt a twinge of panic as energy drained from her body.  She knew, however, that she wouldn’t be able to break away from it, even if she tried.  The pull of its power held her firmly in place.
Then, the doorway vanished and the crystal blinked as it released Echo, fell to the earth, and then became as it was. Warmth returned to Echo’s hands and her arms flopped to her sides with exhaustion.  Song picked up the crystal as they all peered into the newly opened cavern.
Hot air wafted from the cavern, brushing against them in a rush.  It was foul, like the opening of a tomb.  Light glowed inside the cave walls from an unseen source.  The cavern ran too deep for Echo to see its end.
Song shouted so suddenly, Echo nearly jumped out of her socks.  Her words echoed through the cavern, becoming many voices repeating the same, strong phrase. “Your time has come my friends!  Come forward and face your destiny.  Help to free Shae Vale as you have now been freed of this place!”
Song quickly stepped back and the rest of the company followed suit.  The ground shuddered, as if afraid.  Echo’s heart beat its way to her throat and Shimmer pranced beside her nervously.  The wolfix howled, sounding like melancholy spirits rising from graves.  Echo shook with fear.  Whatever came from the depths of the cave was monstrous.


Chapter 22
The Beginning of the End

All thought and emotion vanished momentarily as Echo watched the first of the creatures emerge from the cavern.  A giant head, covered with silver scales, protruded from the entrance.  A long, scaled neck snaked behind it, followed by the colossal body of a full grown dragon.  Song laughed musically as she approached to the dragon without fear.
Echo was frozen to her spot.  Only in her wildest dreams did she ever think she’d lay eyes on a real dragon.  Its scales caught the sun, sending shafts of colorful light into the air; talons bigger than Shimmer’s head dug into the earth, leaving large holes in their wake.  It was the most magnificent thing Echo had ever seen.  After staring in awe for several minutes, she was finally distracted by Shimmer’s snorting.  Echo hugged her horse’s neck.  It still doesn’t compare to you! she reassured her jealous horse.
The dragon lowered its enormous but delicately shaped head toward Song.  The fairy stroked its face--the only smooth part of its body that Echo could see.  Plumes of silvery smoke--no, mist--floated from its nostrils as a contented rumbling sounded from its throat.  Fascinated, Echo approached.  The dragon’s glassy eye fixed on her, but it remained calm under Song’s touch.  Echo reached through the surprisingly cold mist rising from the dragon’s snout.  The smooth face was like cool stone.  “She is an ice dragon.  Her breath can freeze her prey if she chooses,” Song explained.
The girls stroked the dragon for a long while, reveling in its powerful beauty.  Then they stepped back and the dragon stretched its wings, covering the entire clearing like a giant tent.  It crouched low, crumbling dirt and rock with its talons, and then thrust itself upward with powerful muscles.  A blast of wind nearly knocked them down as the dragon pumped its wings and took flight.
Echo was delighted to see four more dragons emerge from the cavern; a red one and a gold one, both with breath of fire; a green one with scales that gleamed like emeralds; and a blue one that outshined the sapphire sky to which it flew.  They each took their turn pushing against the earth and vaulting themselves into the sky, turning the ground to a pile of dust.  Their core-penetrating cries sounded through the air as they left, bugling their arrival to all of Shae Vale.  The wolfix yipped and howled, sending their treasures off with joyous farewells. And then the dragons were gone.
The stillness that followed was deafening.  Echo felt suddenly sad.  She’d finally seen dragons, but the time had been too brief.  She longed for them to return so she could gaze at them for hours on end.  Turning to Song, she asked, “Where did they go?  Will we see them again? How did you approach them?  Why didn’t they kill us?”
Song’s face held a peaceful contentment.  “All fae folk have connections to dragons.  It has been so for centuries.  And, I believe we will see them again someday.  They have gone to help with the battle against Degus.  We must celebrate, for the defender, Ayden Green, will soon face her.  And now he has the weapon to stop her.  Shae Vale will finally be freed from her clutches!”
Echo’s heart dropped like a rock, hitting the bottom of her stomach with nauseating force.  “No.  No, he can’t defeat Degus!  Not yet!”  Her mind raced with Dorian’s and Cage’s words. If Degus is defeated, nothing will keep Belzac from completing his army and attacking Thildin Valley. 
“We have to go!  Shimmer, let’s go!”  Echo leapt to Shimmer’s back.  They had to get to the Fate, and fast!  It was her only hope of saving Brecker and stopping the shadow dwellers’ attack on her home.
Song’s face was serious and confused.  “I do not understand.  What is wrong?”
“I don’t have time to explain.  I have to get to the top of the mountain,” Echo said urgently.  She looked down at the beautiful fairy.  Realizing that in their short time together Song had become more to her than a woodland fae, Echo dismounted and hugged her new friend.  “Thank you for everything.” A pang of loneliness hit as they parted.  Echo would miss Song and her beautiful strength.
The fairy looked at her with sad eyes.  “I may not understand, but I will not stand in your way.  Please, take what is yours.  Use it wisely.” She handed Echo the crystal and star.  They grasped hands, the crystal between their palms, and then separated.  “We will meet again, Echo.  That I will promise you,” Song said passionately.
Echo didn’t dare to attempt speaking as a hard lump formed in her throat.  They released each other’s hands and Echo re-mounted.  She placed the crystal securely inside her pack.  Giving Song, Jia, and the wolfix one last look, she and Shimmer turned and made a hasty retreat into the trees.
The first thing Echo noticed as they climbed closer to the mountain peak was the drop in temperature.  The change was sudden and severe.  While Shimmer climbed, Echo removed her extra clothing from her pack, careful not to drop the crystal in the process.  She pulled a thin cloak, made from the same material as her blanket, over her shoulders.  Unlike the blanket, though, the cloak was lined with goose down, giving it extra insulation.  She and her siblings had spent hours collecting the down from along the riverbanks and in the nearby valley to make each of them a coat.  The elves had spun the cloaks and attached the material and feathers together.
She also had a thin pair of hand coverings that she slipped on before leaning forward so that her weight could assist Shimmer up the steep slope of rock.  The trees became sparser, and flakes of snow floated lazily to them from an opaque sky.  Echo could feel Shimmer’s hooves jarring against frozen ground.  Ahead, the earth was covered in a white blanket.
Shimmer’s hooves crunched against the snow as gusts of wind curled around the mountain top and blasted against them.  The cold, thin air took Echo’s breath away and she lowered her face against Shimmer’s neck in attempt at blocking the wind from her face.
Suddenly, Shimmer lost her footing.  The horse tensed as her legs spread wide to keep herself upright.  Echo quickly dismounted, relieving the extra weight.  Shimmer regained her footing, but Echo was dismayed to see the cause of the problem.  From where they stood and up the rest of the mountain, sheer ice peeked out between drifts of snow.  The mountain was capped in frozen glass.
“You can’t go any further, Shimmer.  Your hooves won’t hold on the ice,” Echo said, dismayed.  Shimmer stomped forward as if to prove Echo wrong, but soon found herself fighting to keep her hooves beneath her.  Finally, she slowly made her way back to Echo and nudged her in the chest.
“It’s okay.  You tried,” Echo said.  Heaviness settled in her heart.  She’d come all this way only to be stopped by ice.
Echo’s brows furrowed. I can’t quit now.  I’m almost there.
As if to spur Echo’s conviction, a beam of sunlight pierced through the clouds, landing brightly on a patch of bare rock surrounded by two rows of  strange looking, frozen trees. The area was about a half a mile from where they stood.  The trees reminded Echo of the birch trees further down the mountain, but she doubted they could survive at this higher altitude.  Their bare limbs were coated with frost.
The trees weren’t what interested Echo the most.  The rock between them was smooth and clean.  No frost or snow touched it, and a symbol of a flame was etched into it.  That has to be the Fate’s lair!  Echo thought excitedly.
“Shimmer, stay here.  I don’t want you getting hurt on the ice and you can see me from here.  If something goes wrong, don’t try to come get me.  Go back down the mountain and get help.  Do you understand?” Echo asked as she secured her pack to her waist.  Shimmer shook her mane, sending Echo uncertain emotions filled with foreboding.
Echo stroked Shimmer’s neck, speaking soft words, trying to give them both reassurances.  Shimmer kept nudging the crystal with her muzzle.  Everything will be okay, Shimmer.  I won’t be long.  And when it’s over, we’ll be back at Thildin Valley and everything will be as it should.
With a knotted stomach, Echo stepped away from Shimmer, placing her steps carefully where the snow covered the ice for traction.  She could hear Shimmer behind her, trotting back and forth over the snowy earth.  Echo knew her horse was frustrated--she could feel it.  But there was nothing to be done for it.
Echo lost her footing several times.  She even fell hard once, hitting her stomach on frozen ground so forcefully it knocked the wind out of her.  She slowly stood, gasping for air as another gust of wind nearly forced her back down.  Bits of snow and ice slapped against her face until her skin was numb.  She pulled the hood of the cloak tighter around her face and pressed on as she rehearsed her request.
She’d decided to wish that Belzac had never been released from the shadow lands.  If he’d never been released, Mavel and Moodey would never have been lured by him, the villagers would never have been misled, and Brecker would never have been enslaved.  And, Echo thought darkly, I would never have failed Brecker and everyone else.
Finally, after what seemed like hours of treacherous climbing, Echo reached the edge of two rows of trees that led to the flaming symbol.  With heart pounding, she stepped past the first two trees.  The wind stopped abruptly, as did Echo.  She gazed around, listening and looking.  The trees stood on either side of her, the first sentries in two rows of guards that led to the flaming door.  Frost collected on her eyelashes, making her eyes water; her breath floated in the air like a mysterious cloud.  Everything was perfectly silent.  She couldn’t hear the wind. 
Echo’s heart quickened.  The wind wasn’t the only thing she couldn’t hear.  She’d lost the sound of Shimmer’s pacing earlier, but now her connection to the horse was completely severed.  She attempted several times to reach her with thought and emotion, but Shimmer’s voice was gone.
This was a bad idea! Echo thought as panic lurched in her chest.  She spun around, ready to leave the area and slide back down to Shimmer.  She stepped toward the edge of the trees and smacked into something hard; her body ricocheted back and she landed in the snow with a grunt.  Frantically, she got to her feet and then slowly walked toward what looked like an open area between the two trees.  Reaching with her hands, she felt in front of her as if she were blind.  Soon, her hands pressed against something cold and solid.  Some sort of invisible barrier was keeping her inside the trees!
Echo felt all around, hoping to find a hole or invisible doorknob.  Nothing.  She went from tree to tree, wishing desperately she’d never come on this journey.  Fear took over her mind as a strange feeling washed over her, like being in a bad dream that she couldn’t wake up from.  She was completely alone--away from Shimmer, away from her family and friends, away from home.
Tears were threatening Echo’s eyes when a voice startled her.  Instinctively, she drew her daggers and spun around to face the flaming symbol on the stone.  The engraved flame grew yellow, then orange, then red before her eyes and she felt heat wash over her.  The flame wriggled, as if it were becoming real.  Echo’s panic was full-fledged now--she had no way to escape and no one could help her.
Then, through the flickering false flame, a figure appeared.  At first, the figure resembled yet another giant flame.  Arms and hair danced toward the sky as if caught in an up-draft as the figure flamed red, then stepped past the stone.  As soon as her bare feet touched the snow, the red glow vanished and the entire figure turned blue.  From her cropped hair that spiked out from behind her ears to her skin, even her eyes and lips, were an icy blue.  A dress made of frost covered a tall, lean body.
Echo gaped at the figure as it strode closer to her.  She held her daggers shakily in front of her, uncertain of what to expect.  The woman came closer, and then stopped with her arms touching the sharp tips of Echo’s daggers.  She stared into Echo’s eyes, not moving, not blinking, as if she were a sculpture made of ice and snow.
Finally, the figure spoke again, her voice powerful and chilling.  This time, Echo understood her words.  “Stay your weapons, young human.  I am the Fate whom you seek.”


Chapter 23
The Fate’s Fury

Echo slowly lowered her daggers.  Her heart raced so furiously she was certain it would leap straight through her chest.  The Fate gazed back at her with an expressionless face.  Her blue skin sparkled like the millions of snowflakes that surrounded her.
“Are you dumb?” the Fate asked, surprising Echo.  “Is your tongue dead and useless in your mouth, or can you speak?”
“N-No.  I mean, yes, I can speak,” she said nervously.  She was still in shock at seeing the Fate, and she didn’t have any idea how this was supposed to go.  Was she supposed to make her request right away?  Should she wait for the Fate to ask what she wanted?
The Fate slowly circled Echo, much as the wolfix had done with Song.  She felt uncomfortable under her icy scrutiny.  When she stopped again in front of Echo, she smiled.  “You’ve come far, haven’t you?  Far, yet not so far.”
“Yes,” Echo answered uncertainly.
“Then you must have a request.  No one comes here for any other reason.  I’m forever alone at the top of this wretched mountain.  Won’t you stay for a spell?  I could use news of what has been happening in Shae Vale.”
Echo studied the blue woman, wondering if this was some sort of trap.  Everyone’s warnings rushed inside her head, making her wary.  “I can’t stay,” she said.  “I have an urgent request.  One that could save my brother and Thildin Valley from Belzac the doon.”
The Fate’s eyes flashed at the sound of Belzac’s name.  Her voice was steady when she spoke, “Belzac?  So, he has finally returned.” She laughed in a frightening way, causing chills to run up Echo’s spine.  “What I wouldn’t give to be down there now.  To see his return--if only to see his demise!”  Her eyes looked into the pale sky as if she were dreaming of something far away.  Then, she looked at Echo.
“Forgive me.  The past haunts me now and again.  But ‘now’ is about you.  First, give me your request.  I will decide if it’s worthy of my attention.” The Fate held her head  haughtily.  “Then, if it is acceptable, you must deliver to me a gift both pure and valuable beyond measure.  Do you understand?”
Echo thought for a long while before answering.  Her only offering was the crystal.  But what if the crystal wasn’t pure or valuable enough?  It was all she had.  Finally, she spoke, “Yes.  I understand.”
The Fate’s cold eyes bore into Echo’s, causing her to feel like a trapped animal.  “Then make your request now.”
Echo knelt in the snow before the Fate--more so to keep her knees from shaking than anything.  She took a deep breath and exhaled slowly.  This is it.  If I speak, there won’t be any turning back.  Echo looked into the Fate’s eyes.  “I wish that Degus had never loosed Belzac from his shadow prison.”
Echo nearly choked as the words hovered on the air between her and the Fate.  The silence throbbed in her ears to the point of deafening her.  The Fate stood statuesque for a long while.
Finally, she took Echo’s hand and helped her to stand.  Her hands were cold and Echo was glad when she let go. Her heart skipped a beat as the Fate smiled and opened her mouth to speak.  “Do you like my hair?” she asked as she patted the spikes at the back of her neck.  “I wanted a new look.  The long, flowing thing was too old century, don’t you think?”
Echo gaped at her as anger heated her core.  What?  What did her hair have to do with anything?  She took a couple of deep breaths as the Fate studied her carefully.  This is a test.  I have to be careful how I answer, or I won’t get anything.
Swallowing the few choice words that had begun to form in Echo’s throat, she took another deep breath and answered, “The style suits you.”  She gave the Fate a surgery smile.  She hadn’t lied.  The spikes definitely suited the woman’s frosted personality. Echo wondered how many centuries old the entity was.
The Fate seemed pleased.  “I agree.  I find your request suitable.  Have you anything pure and valuable to offer?”
Echo dug in her pack, grasped the crystal, and pulled it out.  Her gloved hand hid the treasure as she extended her arm toward the Fate.  The Fate’s eyes sparked greedily as Echo slowly opened her fingers to reveal the star and crystal.
The expression that took hold of the Fate’s features was not what Echo had expected.  Her visage became as dark as a storm cloud, and her heavy breath plumed from her nostrils like smoke from a fire. Echo’s hand remained frozen, holding the crystal before the enraged entity.
Then, the Fate’s eyes softened and she reached for the crystal. “For an eternity, I have longed for this, to possess this power,” she whispered.  But when her hand was only inches from the crystal, her expression resumed its terrifying state.  Flaming eyes shot at Echo as the Fate spoke, “How dare you bring this here?  Who sent you?  Why did you come?  You mean to destroy me?  You fool!”
Echo pulled in her arm sharply, cradling the crystal against her chest to protect it, to hide it from the fury of the Fate.  “I-I don’t understand.  No one sent me.  I don’t want to destroy you!”
“Liar!” the Fate screamed and the mountain shook with her voice.  She hit Echo across the face so forcefully, Echo flew through the air and landed hard on the ground. “You’ve brought the one thing that would give me the greatest power, yet would ultimately destroy me.  That is no mistake.  You have come to kill me.  But you will fail!  I will destroy you!”
Slowly standing as she regained her breath, Echo opened her mouth to argue, but no voice came from her throat.  The Fate was summoning some terrible power as snow flew madly around her body.
Echo stumbled back, terrified.  The Fate’s body spun, causing a twisting flurry of snow and ice.  She spun and spun until her body and the snow mingled together to form a winter tornado.  She leapt from the white twister and watched as it engulfed Echo.
Curling in a tight ball, Echo braced herself for the onslaught of fierce wind.  The twister picked her up, cutting her face with sharp bits of flying ice, and then slammed her into a tree before it vanished.  Echo yelled in pain as her spine smashed against the rock-hard trunk.  Then, she slid to the ground with a thud as the Fate laughed.
“Pathetic!  You are not even worth my time,” the Fate said and then made a strange warbling noise from her throat.  Laughing again, she stepped away from Echo, back into the stone from where she’d emerged.  As she absorbed into the rock, her chilling words trailed on the air to Echo.  “I will let my pets finish you. They’re hungry.”
Echo forced herself to stand, grimacing as pain shot through her back where the tree had bruised her.  She put the crystal in her pocket and then reached painfully for her daggers.  She staggered between the rows of trees until she was once again between the first two trees.  In desperation, she reached out, hoping the barrier had vanished.  Her heart sank as her fingers pressed against the invisible shield.
A clicking sound caused her to spin around.  She watched, horrified, as four snow scorpions emerged from the same stone where the Fate had disappeared moments before.  Echo didn’t understand what had happened.  Why had the crystal caused the Fate such fury? Whatever the reason, the Fate had sent four deadly predators to finish Echo because of it.  And she had not saved Brecker.


Chapter 24
A Crash Course in Tree Hopping

Unlike their much smaller, desert cousins, the white scorpions were the size of a grown man; the tips of their tails didn’t carry poison, but the three razor-sharp daggers that protruded from them could slice through solid stone.  And though their mouths were small compared their bodies, Echo knew that if they were to sink their teeth into any part of her skin, she would slowly and torturously form into a human icicle.
The four creatures clicked to each other and advanced.  Echo readied her daggers, wishing desperately that she could call Shimmer for help.  The scorpions formed a semi-circle and came closer, their deadly tails raised and pointed at her.  She longed to be a woodland fae, so she could meld with the trees, or to be an elf and have magical abilities that could assist her.  But she was neither fairy nor elf; she would have to work with what she was.
One scorpion jumped toward her, causing her to scream.  It was an intimidation move, and it had worked.  The other three remained where they were, watching their leader.  Echo and the scorpion circled each other.  She kept her eyes on its shuffling legs, but was very aware of the other scorpions as she turned her back to them momentarily.  Every sound was once again amplified; every click of the creatures’ throats, every footfall--if they could be called feet--was crisp and clear.  Echo took several slow, deliberate breaths and focused.
The scorpion attacked, jumping again.  This time, however, its tail shot forward, catching Echo off guard.  The razor tip sliced through the underneath of her left arm as she lowered her dagger a fraction of a second too late.  She had no time to scream or even acknowledge her pain as the lightning fast scorpion struck again.  This time, it caught Echo’s cloak, tearing through delicate outer fabric like a spider’s web.  Goose down flew everywhere, distracting the scorpion.
Echo took advantage of the brief moment and advanced swiftly.  Crossing her daggers, she yelled, lurched forward, and slashed the scorpion’s tail.  The tip flew through the air as the creature released an eardrum-shattering screech.  Echo put her arms against her ears, attempting to block the sound.  But she could still hear it and she had to lower her arms as the other scorpions charged.
Everything from that point on happened so fast that Echo barely knew what her own limbs were doing. She sliced the head off of the screeching scorpion to end its noise. Her arms and blades blurred with the striking tails as she fought desperately for her life against the remaining scorpions.  The beasts’ tails made several more connections, slicing through her clothes and skin.  Spatters of her bright red blood made gruesome, contrasting designs against the snowy ground.
The battle raged for several minutes. In a whirr of steel, Echo managed to remove another scorpion’s tail, then its head before it could scream.  Another bit at her leg, but her boot protected her skin from its teeth.  Echo thrust one of her daggers through the top of its skull, killing it instantly.
One scorpion remained.  Echo was exhausted, and the loss of blood was taking its toll.  She felt dizzy and had to concentrate to keep from passing out.  Her slower reflexes put her at a disadvantage; she feared this was the end.  Then, a crazy thought brushed against her mind.  What if the crystal could give me strength?  Could she chance dropping a dagger to pull the crystal from her pocket?  Was it even still in her pocket after all the battling?
Echo slowly backed away from the scorpion.  If she was going to do this, she would have to do it fast.  With a breath, she threw her right dagger at the scorpion.  The blunt edge of the blade bounced off of its body, distracting it just long enough for Echo to reach in her pocket and grab the crystal. Faint warmth trickled from it as she pulled it into the open and held it in her palm.  The small amount of energy wasn’t enough to help her, however, and the scorpion advanced again.
As the beast rushed Echo, her mind trailed to Brecker; her eyes welled with tears.  I’m sorry, Brecker.  I’ve failed you again.  A ray of sun sliced through the chilled air, striking the crystal; the jagged edges of the stone reflected the light, dazzling the scorpion.  It released a strange noise as the light blinded it.
The burst of light snapped Echo out of her stunned state. She made her final attack.  With dagger and crystal held together between both of her hands, she swiftly approached the scorpion and lopped off its head with a furious cry.  The beam of sun vanished as Echo fell to her knees.  The lonely sound of her breath filled the emptiness that followed.
Although she was on the verge of fainting, Echo forced herself to turn away from the revolting scene of the dismembered scorpions.  She rose shakily to her feet, returned the crystal to her pocket, and retrieved her fallen dagger.  Wiping their blades in the snow, Echo cleaned her weapons and then placed them in their case.  She shuffled through the snow, approaching again the two trees at the end of the row.  Raising a hand, she felt for the barrier.  It was still there.
Echo fell again to her knees and sobbed.  After all that, I’m still going to die in here!  Her wounds were bleeding profusely, and the chilled air crept into her core.  The scorpions may as well have bitten her--she was going to freeze to death inside this giant snow globe anyway.  Her body shook uncontrollably, attempting to warm itself.  Echo crossed her arms tightly against her chest, careful to tuck her fingers under her armpits.  The image of her dad’s stubby fingers touched her mind, the ones the frost wraiths had taken, gnawing them till they’d turned black with death.
The loss of blood and hope forced Echo to collapse to the earth.  Her blood melted the snow next to her body; in her frayed state of mind, she imagined it forming the shape of a winged horse.  She lowered her head to a pillow of snow, allowing her eyes to roll back as she dreamed of the horse carrying her away to somewhere warm and safe.
Echo lost track of time.  Occasionally, she would come to consciousness.  Although she couldn’t see them, the frost wraiths’ stinging bites penetrated the skin on her fingers and toes.  She didn’t have the strength to fight them off.
Snow began to fall.  Huge, fluffy flakes flew around her like little fairies.  She dreamed about snow fairies landing on her body, dancing and laughing.  The touch of their tiny feet chilled her.
She opened her eyes again.  The snow had left a filmy blanket over her body. She studied the flakes that were close to her.  They were like tiny stars, their points frozen into delicate designs.  So simple.  So beautiful.
A large flake landed on her ear with a faint whisper.  She imagined that it had whispered her name. She felt nothing now.  Her body was frozen.  Her heart had slowed and would soon join the rest of her.
The snowflake whispered again.  “Don’t close your eyes, Echo.  Don’t sleep.  I’m coming.”
Though her eyelids were as heavy as a pair of boulders, Echo forced them to stay open.  She strained her ears.  Only the softly falling snow filled the silence.  She’d been hallucinating.  No one was coming.
But the voice sounded again, and through her blurred vision Echo saw the barrier shatter and a figure appeared in front of the nearest tree.  A voice accompanied the figure.  A clear, real voice.  “Echo!  Don’t close your eyes!  Stay awake, I’m here!”
The figure dove on its knees beside her.  A pair of sumptuously warm hands pressed against her face. She attempted a smile as Keebo’s worried features came into focus.  She wanted to cry with joy, but every ounce of water in her body was either spilled on the ground or frozen.
Keebo’s hands worked furiously over Echo’s body.  He found every cut and, tearing away some of his own clothing, bound the wounds as best he could.  His face remained concerned and, every now and again, he’d press his warm hands frantically on Echo’s face, look her in the eyes and remind her, “Stay awake, Echo.  Don’t you dare leave me!”  She heard him cursing himself for not bringing curatree sap.
When he finished binding her wounds, Keebo took a handful of snow, melted and heated it, using only his palm.  He gently lifted Echo’s head and pressed the warm liquid to her lips.  She could barely take it in, her mouth was so stiff.  The warm water felt like fire as it flowed down her throat and hit her empty stomach with a splash.  She coughed uncontrollably for a minute.
Keebo pressed the top half of her body to him as her coughing subsided.  She gratefully rested her head against his warm chest.  His hands glowed orange as he rubbed Echo’s arms, chest, and belly.  A wonderful, soothing heat settled inside of her, staving the chill that had nearly consumed her.
She thought she felt him gently kiss the top of her head.
Echo tilted her head back and looked bleary-eyed at Keebo.  The snowflakes clung to his hair, forming a white halo.  She smiled at him in a drunk-like way and whispered, “You’re my angel.”
A spark warmed Keebo’s eyes as he looked at her tenderly.  “I think you have that backwards.”  He gave her a crooked smile before his face became serious again.  “I have to get you out of here.”
With great effort, Keebo helped Echo to stand.  What parts of her body she could feel screamed with protest.  “I have to get Shimmer,” she said faintly.
“Shimmer’s fine.  She helped me find you, and she’s already on her way home.  We’ll meet her there,” Keebo explained as he led Echo to the tree where she’d first seen him appear.  Her arm was over his shoulders, and his arm was wrapped around her waist to keep her from toppling over.  He looked out of the corner of his eye at her.  “You’re going to have to trust me now.  I’m going to take you to Thildin Valley in a way you’ve never traveled before.  You have to hold onto me and don’t let go.  No matter what, you cannot let go.  Do you understand?”
Echo nodded vaguely.  Keebo’s words were fuzzy, but she understood that she had to hold on to him.  She thought that sounded nice.  Echo felt Keebo take a deep breath and exhale sharply.  “I hope this works.  Okay, here we go,” he said and then removed one of his hands from her waist and placed it against the tree.  The trunk rippled and Keebo’s hand sank into the bark.  He stepped forward, pulling Echo along.  She would’ve been fascinated, and maybe a little scared, had she any sense at all.  But she was convinced it was all a dream, and she stepped easily into the tree with Keebo.
Echo felt like she was suddenly vaulted into the sky as a rush of wind pushed the two of them upwards.  Her body was suddenly as light as a feather--no, a leaf! The tree they’d entered fell away from them and Echo grasped Keebo tighter, suddenly conscious enough to be afraid.  The ground below them whizzed by, making her dizzy again.  She gasped as she put one of her hands in front of her face and saw--nothing.  They were invisible!
“Hold on, Echo!  You have to hold on or I’ll lose you,” Keebo’s voice rushed in her ear like wind.  She tried to focus, but the speed made her light-headed.  Trees and rock flashed by.  The ground turned from snow, to stone, to trees, to clay in a matter of minutes.  They were over the badlands already!
“We’re almost there!” Keebo shouted.  Then, a sudden shock wave, filled with a terrible energy, struck them with unbearable force.  Echo screamed as she lost her hold on Keebo.  She heard him yelling her name as she spun out of control toward the earth.  She gasped for breath and watched the ground rushing toward her.
Somehow, her body absorbed into a tree, but not gently.  She slammed against the inside of the trunk, brutally bouncing back and forth several times before the tree spat her out.  She landed on her back with a jarring thud and lay motionless.  She weakly raised her hand.  She was solid again.
Echo let her arm flop back to the ground as her eyes looked from side to side. She was next to a sandstone formation, its surface hardened and polished from years of weather and sun.  A crack several inches thick snaked along the face of the wall-like formation.  Echo was reminded of how she and Song had broken the stone on the mountain to reveal the crystal.  She wondered if something hid behind the huge crack in the sandstone wall. Strange what goes through my head when I’m nearly dead.  She tried to giggle at her weird mind, but the action was too painful.
Keebo’s voice broke through her reverie.  “Echo! Echo, are you okay?”  Once again he dove on his knees next to her.  His worried face warmed her.  Everything looked blurry.  She was slipping away again.
“Don’t do it, Echo!  Keep those pretty eyes open.  We’re almost--” Keebo’s sentence was interrupted by a sudden and violent earthquake.  The world shook as if to free itself from something terrible.  Echo’s weak heart attempted to beat furiously; her last conscious visual was of Keebo covering her body with his as chunks of rock crumbled toward them from the sandstone wall.


Chapter 25
Secret Keepers

Fire burned in Echo’s veins, though she shivered as if the cold of the mountain still blanketed her.  She was vaguely aware that she had somehow come to be in their elf home in Thildin.  Her skin was drenched with sweat.  Every so often, she’d peek through heavy eyelids and see blurred forms of bodies moving around her room.  Several times, someone--she thought her mother--held a cup to her lips, forcing her to drink yulea.  The soothing liquid would temporarily stave the chilling fire and Echo would fall back to sleep.
Echo woke again, not sure how long she’d been asleep or how long she’d been home.  She lay conscious, but her eyelids stayed comfortably over her eyes.  She didn’t feel like moving.  Her ears caught whisperings, and she focused her attention on trying to hear what they were saying.
“I can’t believe what is happening,” Kiani’s voice whispered.
“It is hard to take in,” Oran’s voice replied with a hint of excitement.  “But it makes perfect sense, now that we know.  I wish we could tell Echo.  She’ll be shocked!”
Echo heard Keebo’s whispering voice, much to her relief.  She’d been dreaming of him dying, crushed under an avalanche of stones.  “Can I show her and tell her?  I mean, I need to tell her so much more, too.”
There was quiet shuffling and no one spoke for awhile.  Then, Dorian said softly, “That may be wise.  But we must wait until her body is finished healing itself.  Too much excitement might bring the fever back to its former strength.”
Echo’s heart was already pounding.  What were they talking about?  Curiosity raged inside her, forcing her to open her eyes.  The voices had been trailing from the front of the house.  She slowly and quietly forced her body into a sitting position.  Most of her cuts and bruises were gone.  They must’ve used curatree sap, she thought.  The tree’s sap couldn’t stop the fever, though.  Even while its strength was fading, she could still feel it burning inside of her.
With shaking legs, Echo stood beside her bed.  The room spun like a top, forcing her to sit back down.  Dorian’s voice trailed through her fuzzy, teetering mind.  “I must return to the Diern formation and continue assisting Mari and the others in finishing the translations.  Hopefully we will know the full story before time has run itself out.”
 Echo heard them all make their farewells as her brain throbbed against her skull.  Without realizing it, she moaned.  The quick shuffling of several pairs of feet came her way.  Her dad was first to enter the room, his eyes brimming with concern.  “Echo!  I’m so glad to see you awake.” He embraced her securely and she allowed herself to melt into his strong shoulder for a few minutes.  She could’ve fallen back to sleep that way.
Her dad pulled away and cupped her face in his hands.  She gave him a weak smile as his green eyes shined back at her.  “Hi, Dad,” she said softly.  “I’m sorry,” she began, but was surprised how quickly the tears came to surface. She was overwhelmed with joy at being home, and with guilt for what she’d put everyone through.
Oran continued to hold her head in his hands as Kiani and Keebo hovered silently in the doorway.  “I can’t say I’m happy about you running off.  We were worried out of our minds.  But Dorian kept re-assuring us that you’d be fine.  And, if you hadn’t gone, so much would still be hidden from us.” His eyes sparked with excitement.
“What things?” Echo asked.
“All in good time, hon.  You need to rest.”
“But--” Echo began as her dad put a finger to her lips, gave her another quick hug, and then stood aside so that Kiani could have her turn.
Echo hugged her mother warmly.  She looked over Kiani’s shoulder at Keebo, wanting to talk with him more than anyone.  He smiled and nodded, as if he’d read her mind, and then left the room.
After releasing her, Kiani studied her daughter.  A smile was on her face, but Echo couldn’t read what her mother was thinking.  Finally, Kiani spoke, “You are so amazing!”
Okay.  Not what I was expecting! Echo stared at her mother, slightly shocked.
“You did what I was afraid to do when I was young.  You scared me to death, of course. Don’t ever do it again.” Kiani blinked tears away as she flipped back a lock of golden hair.  “But I am so proud of you.  I’m sorry I didn’t explain why I didn’t seek the Fate to save your uncle.  I’d read all the warnings, and I knew it would probably cause more harm than good.  Still, I always wished I would’ve at least tried.  Your bravery has given us all so much hope.  And, when you are well enough, we’ll tell you exactly why.”
Echo began to protest.  In her mind, she was well enough already, though her head pounded more fiercely with every passing minute.  “Why can’t you tell me now?” she whispered.  She couldn’t imagine how her failures could be of any help.
Kiani smiled, forming warm creases at the corners of her eyes.  “Because, your body still needs to heal.  Here,” she picked a cup off of the bedside table and held it to Echo’s lips.  Echo sipped the yulnea and allowed it to sooth her head and body.  When she finished, Kiani kissed her forehead and gently helped her to lie back down.  “Now, sleep a little longer.  When you wake, you can eat.  Then we’ll see how you are.”
“How long have I been home?” Echo asked as her head sank into the soft pillow.
“Two days,” Kiani said.
“Two days!” Echo couldn’t believe she’d lost two whole days of her life.  And for what?  Brecker was still enslaved, and Belzac would soon have an army if Ayden--along with the dragons--defeated Degus.  Echo gasped, “The dragons!  Mom, the dragons are on their way to help Ayden defeat Degus! We’re going to be too late to stop Belzac!”
Kiani placed a soothing hand against Echo’s scowling face.  “Please, Echo.  Don’t let your mind be troubled.  It’ll only slow your healing.  Think good thoughts, soothing thoughts.  Everything will work out, you’ll see.”
Echo looked at her mother’s warm face and allowed her negative thoughts to dissolve.  She nodded her head and closed her eyes.  After several minutes, Kiani’s footsteps led her from the room.  Echo’s mind went to Shimmer and she almost sat up again with excitement as they connected with each other.  Shimmer’s mind was frantic over her.  Echo tried to relay images of her getting well and coming to see her soon.  Shimmer showed Echo that she was waiting outside the house and would remain there until Echo was well enough to come out.  The two of them shared thoughts and emotions for nearly half an hour, each telling the other their stories, before Echo finally drifted back to sleep.
The next time Echo awoke, her room was dark.  She immediately connected with Shimmer who relayed that it was nearly dawn.  So, one more day and night lost, Echo thought in dismay.  She felt the pressure of time quickly running out.  An all-too-familiar heaviness of failure accompanied that pressure.
Echo stiffly rose from her bed and dressed.  Her fever was gone, thank goodness.  But her body was still sore and reluctant to move.  Dorian’s training sessions came in useful as she quietly went through a short stretching routine she’d learned; those stretches had saved her many cool mornings when her muscles had been sore.  Although it was painful, it felt good to stretch and relax her muscles until they became more cooperative.
After finishing, Echo tiptoed outside.  Forgetting her soreness, she ran joyously to Shimmer and embraced her powerful neck.  The horse nickered softly.  Echo moved away from Shimmer’s neck so she could rub her silky muzzle.  “I missed you!  I was so scared when I couldn’t find you on the mountain.” Echo shivered, remembering one horrid moment after another from her time at the Fate’s lair.  “I’m sorry I dragged you up there.  I should’ve listened to Palmaero and Cage.”
Shimmer nudged her softly, and Echo knew the horse laid no blame in her direction.  They’d both acted on impulse and paid the consequences.
A warm sun peered over the eastern horizon, sending blades of light through the trees.  Birds welcomed the morning cheerfully, lightening Echo’s mood.  She stroked Shimmer’s face in silence, enjoying the serenity of dawn.
A strong shot of pine hit Echo’s nostrils, causing her stomach to flop.  A soft whisper from a nearby tree drew her attention.  She watched, amazed, as the tree’s trunk rippled and Keebo appeared.  Shimmer whinnied a happy greeting, and Keebo smiled brighter than the morning sun.
Echo was surprised at herself for being bashful.  She had to force her eyes to look into Keebo’s face as her cheeks grew warm.  What is wrong with me?  Maybe she was embarrassed about Keebo having to rescue her, but something else tugged playfully at her heart, making it jump around in her chest like a caged rabbit.
Keebo walked boldly to her and threw his arms around her. He squeezed until Echo could barely breathe.  She returned the gesture, surprised again as a lump suddenly formed in her throat.  So many emotions flooded her, she couldn’t even speak.  She just wanted to stay as they were and never let go.
Finally, Shimmer bumped them with her head, nearly knocking them over.  Keebo let go; they parted as they laughed shyly.  Then, Keebo’s face sobered.  He looked at Echo, his eyes shining, “I really thought I’d lost you, Echo.  Don’t EVER do that again!” he commanded.
Echo kept her gaze steady.  She deserved his anger.  She should’ve trusted him with her plans.  But she couldn’t help that now.  “I’m so sorry, Keebo.  I just thought if I told anyone, you’d all try to stop me from going.”
“Of course we would’ve.  Seeking a Fate is probably one of the most dangerous things a human can do,” Keebo said fiercely.  Then, his countenance softened.  “She almost killed you, Echo,” he said quietly.
They stood and stared at each other for a long time.  Echo didn’t know what to say.  No apology could take away the worry she’d caused.
Suddenly, Keebo’s face split into a smile.  “Good thing I followed you most of the way.”
Echo was so relieved to see his old, mischievous self, she couldn’t help giggling.  “What? When?  I never saw or heard you.”
“That’s because I’m a master of stealth,” he said slyly.  “I was with you after Cage found you until just before you met up with Song.”
Echo gaped at him.  “You know Song?  You were there that whole time and never told me?” she asked as she slammed her fingertips against Keebo’s chest, causing him to step back to keep balanced.  “I thought I was alone in that darkness!  There were so many scary noises, and it was so black at night.  Why didn’t you show yourself?” She punctuated her angry question with another hit from her fingers.
“Ow!  Stop doing that!” Keebo stated and rubbed his chest where Echo hoped she’d left a couple bruises.  “Dorian didn’t want me to interfere, just to keep watch.  Good thing, too, or Brecker would’ve seen me and I wouldn’t have been able to draw him away from you.”
Echo’s heart skipped a beat.  “B-Brecker was following me?”
“Yeah.  I got his attention and lured him away not long before you met up with Song.”
Echo’s mind picked at memory of a rustling in the trees behind her and Shimmer as they’d traveled.  She’d mounted Shimmer and raced up the mountain before coming to the crossroads.  The rustling had been Keebo luring Brecker away.  He’d been so close to her and she never knew!
She turned her mind to less terrifying things.  “How do you know Song?”
“Uh, yeah.  I, um, I have some things I need to explain.”  Keebo’s cheeks flushed. He scratched at the hair over his ears and cast his gaze to the ground.
“I’ll say,” Echo said, smiling.  She’d already guessed a lot about Keebo.  But she didn’t want to burst his bubble by telling him so.
Keebo looked at her, his eyes alive.  “First, though, you have to come with me to the Diern badlands.  I’ll explain everything there.”
Excitement grabbed Echo before a voice in the back of her head told her to inform her family of what she was doing.  She didn’t ever want to scare any of them by disappearing again.  “I have to at least leave a note for them,” she said, gesturing with her head toward the house where everyone was still sleeping--or so she thought.
Keebo shook his head and released a tickled sound.  “No one’s in there, Echo.  They’ve already gone down to the badlands.  I was supposed to come wake you and see if you were feeling well enough to go down this morning.”  He looked her up and down, making her cheeks flame again.  “I’d say you look well!  Do you need something to eat?”
Echo shook her head.  She was way too excited to eat--the mysteries around her friends and Thildin Valley were about to be revealed!  “I’m not hungry,” she stated firmly.  As if to prove her a liar, her stomach immediately released a protesting growl.  Keebo raised a slanted brow and Echo said, “Okay, maybe I should have something.  But I’ll eat along the way.”
Echo raced back into the house and hastily grabbed an apple and two chunks of bread.  She left the house and found Keebo and Shimmer exactly as she’d left them.  “That was fast. Did you think your food would try to run?” Keebo teased.  He stood by to Shimmer’s side and cupped his hands for Echo’s foot.
Echo looked at him and shook her head.  Through a mouthful of bread she said, “I can get on without your help, you know.”
Keebo’s eyes twinkled at her.  “Indulge me, just this once.”  Echo studied him for a moment.  He’s worried that I’m still weak, she thought.  She wanted to smile at the thought, but took a bite of apple instead and walked over to her friend.  Placing her foot in Keebo’s hands, she allowed him to assist her.
“Now,” Keebo said to Shimmer, “If you wouldn’t mind, could I please ride, too?  I need a break from tree hopping.”
Shimmer nodded as Echo relayed the request to her.  Keebo bowed and thanked the horse before gingerly leaping onto Shimmer’s back behind Echo.  Echo’s stomach tickled as Keebo wrapped his arms around her waist.  She busied herself with finishing her food and then turned her head slightly.  “You’d better hold on.  Shimmer’s fast,” she warned Keebo.
“Don’t worry.  I’ll never let go of you,” Keebo answered.  Echo was grateful that he couldn’t see her face.


Chapter 26
Truth

Echo signaled Shimmer with a thought and the horse jolted forward.  Echo grunted as Keebo forcefully squeezed her torso to keep from sliding off of Shimmer’s rump.
The little food she’d eaten and the exhilaration of riding rejuvenated Echo.  The ground rushed beneath them and Echo could hear Keebo’s laughter behind her.  If only life could always be so wonderful, with all worries carried away with the laughter in the wind. The ride was over far too soon.
Keebo pointed to where the sandstone wall had crumbled on them after he’d saved Echo from the Fate’s lair.  Shimmer slowed and then stopped before the wall and Echo gasped.  Runes and paintings, more life-like than even the elves’ paintings, shone brilliant in the morning sun.  Echo and Keebo dismounted and Shimmer followed them to the wall.  The rock that had crumbled away had been moved into piles, and the grass in front of the wall was flattened as if several pairs of feet had trod there.
Echo touched the paintings with her fingertips.  Two winged horses reared toward each other.  Between their striking front hooves was a shining star.  The paintings were so alive, Echo could see the star pulsating and the horses’ manes and tails rippling.  “What is this?” she whispered.
Keebo stood beside the wall, but his eyes were on Echo.  She turned toward his beaming face expectantly.  He answered, “It’s a clue.  The beginning to all the answers we’ve been searching for.”  His eyes sparkled, and Echo felt excitement beat in her chest.  Before she could ask any questions, Keebo spoke again.  “I want to tell you about me first, though.”
Echo could hardly stand all the suspense.  She forced herself to calmly say, “Okay.”
Keebo shifted nervously and glanced at the ground.  He cleared his throat and then focused on Echo again.  “My dad and I aren’t human, Echo.  We’re, well, we’re actually woodland fae.”  He waited tensely for her response.
Although Echo had figured as much after being with Song, she gave Keebo a surprised expression.  And then she asked the question that had been burning in her mind since she’d realized what Keebo truly was.  “Why don’t you have wings?”
Keebo chuckled and dug a small vial from his pocket. “You have no idea how long I’ve been waiting to do this.  Here,” he said as he opened the vial and poured a green salve into his shaking palm.  “Rub this on your eyes.”
Echo looked uncertainly at the salve.  It was slimy.  “It’s clover leaf salve,” Keebo explained.  He looked into her eyes and said, “Trust me.”
After another moment of hesitation, Echo dipped her pointer fingers in the salve and, before she allowed herself time to think about it, rubbed it on her eyes.  “Yuck!” she stated as she rubbed the salve over her eyelids.  It felt like snot and she wanted nothing more than to rub it off.  “What is this suppose to do anyway?”
Echo jumped as Keebo approached and gently rubbed her eyes with a soft cloth.  When he was finished, Echo heard him step back and he whispered.  “Okay, you can open your eyes now.”
The salve made Echo’s eyelids stick a little, and when she opened her eyes, things were blurry.  She blinked in rapid succession until everything became clearer.  She then stared awestruck, her mouth gaping, as she watched Keebo turn.  As his back came into view, the light caught a series of golden veins, growing like tiny branches on a tree.  And then, slowly, more material formed around the veins, sending shimmering colors to Echo’s eyes.  Finally, a full set of dragonfly-type wings rested against Keebo’s back.  They weren’t as bright and decorative as Song’s had been. In fact, there was nothing feminine about them at all.  Still, the word that came to Echo’s mind was, “beautiful”.
Keebo turned slowly until he was once again facing Echo.  His face was serious, his eyes wide.  He gulped.  “W-Well?  What are you thinking?  Do you think I’m a freak?  Are they too girly?”
Echo was dumbfounded for a moment.  When she snapped out of it, she couldn’t help laughing.  “What? I mean, well, you’re no more of a freak than you’ve ever been,” she teased, helping Keebo relax.  Then she said more seriously, “They are definitely not girly.  They’re amazing.”  Shimmer nickered and bobbed her head in agreement.
Keebo’s cheeks reddened. “Okay then, one down.  Now, the ears,” he said and started to reach toward his head.
Echo grabbed his wrists to stop him.  “May I?” she asked.  Keebo looked taken aback, but then nodded and lowered his hands.  Echo drew closer and reached toward the hair above Keebo’s ears.  She breathed in the scent of pine and her heart pounded against her ribs.  Their faces were only inches apart.
Slowly, Echo coursed her fingers through Keebo’s hair.  It felt rough at first, but underneath was as soft as down.  She pushed the hair back to reveal a set of pointed ear-tips.  Echo smiled broadly, amazed and excited at the revelation of Keebo’s identity.  She reveled in the moment, tracing the pointed ear-tips with her fingers.
Keebo’s eyes rolled back and he closed his lids.  A crooked smile played on his lips as he spoke groggily, as if waking from a dream, “Echo, stop.  You’re gonna have to stop that now.”
Echo didn’t want to stop.
“Echo!  Stop!” Keebo said more urgently as his eyes snapped open.  He grabbed Echo’s wrists and yanked her hands away.  Echo’s heart dropped as she frowned.  What had she done?
“I’m sorry,” Keebo said more calmly.  “It’s just that, well,” his face turned bright red, “that’s a woodland fae’s greatest weakness, having their ears rubbed.  I can’t be held accountable for my actions if you keep that up.”
“Oh,” Echo said, startled.  She felt her own cheek flaming with embarrassment.  She tried to pull her hands away and end the awkward moment, but Keebo held her fast.
“There’s something else I’ve been wanting to tell you.  I’ve been waiting forever…”
Echo waited a moment, her heart racing, and then asked, “What is it?”
“Well, I, um, I…” Keebo stumbled over his words.  Then, he said, “Oh, what the heck!”  He pulled Echo to him and planted a kiss directly on her lips.
Echo tensed against Keebo’s sudden, unexpected move.  Her heart threatened to leap through her chest as shock and then pleasure coursed through her.  She vaguely heard Shimmer release an amused squeal.
Keebo pulled back suddenly, his face still red.  “I’m sorry!” he said, looking horrified.  “I’m really sorry!  I didn’t mean--I mean, I did but--please don’t be mad!”
Mad?  Echo was shocked, excited, mostly confused, but not mad.  In fact she felt the urge to give the kiss another try.  But she stood frozen to her spot and answered, “I’m not mad.”
Keebo looked only slightly relieved. “Oh, okay.  Good.  It’s just, the ears and, well, the moment and all.”  He went to fidget with the hair over his ears, only to touch the bare tip.  He jerked his hand away and cleared his throat.  His voice cracked as he said, “Well, I still have a lot to tell you.  Y-You want to sit down?  I really need to sit down.”  He nervously walked to a soft patch of grass and flopped down.  Shimmer began cropping the grass nearby as Echo sat next to Keebo.  Her lips still tingled from his kiss.
Taking a deep breath and exhaling slowly, Keebo spoke.  Echo noticed he kept his eyes averted from her as he told the rest of his story.
“I’m really sorry that I couldn’t tell you about me before.  It’s not that I didn’t trust you,” Keebo added quickly.  “But we were sworn to secrecy.  Woodland fae are secret keepers--we’re entrusted with Shae Vale’s most important secrets.  We aren’t allowed to tell even our closest friends.  But, we somehow lost track of Shae Vale’s greatest secret.”
Echo leaned toward Keebo, hanging on his every word.  “What was the secret?”
Keebo finally looked at Echo and gave her a sneaky smile.  “I just told you, we can’t tell!”
Frustration hit Echo in the chest.  “Then why tell me any of this?”
“Just hold on.  You’ll know the secret before the day is done.  Anyway, where was I?  Oh, our people were contacted by the elves in Thildin.  They’d found some scrolls that gave hints to a long-lost secret--a mystery--concerning Thildin Valley.  The elves also spoke of a special herd of horses that lived in the valley and how they’d begun caring for the creatures.  The elves could sense magic around the horses, but they weren’t certain what sort of magic it was.
“Well, my mom and dad were sent to investigate.  They moved to Ulway in hopes to learn more from the villagers.  They thought maybe some old legends or stories would give them some clues.  They disguised themselves as humans because humans believe woodland fae to be good luck.  They would’ve attacked my parents, hoping to get pieces of their clothes or hair to bring them fortune.”
Echo giggled, “You are good luck.  You’ve saved me more than once.”
Keebo grunted. “Luck had nothing to do with that.” He tried to hide a smile and then continued, “Anyway, Mom died having me.” Keebo looked momentarily sad, then hid the emotion behind a small grin.  “Dad started teaching me magic and secret keeping from the time I was old enough to walk and talk.  We and the elves have been watching the horses all this time.  When your dad rescued the stallion, my dad started having suspicions about him.  So the elves found a way to keep your dad close.  And, suspicions grew stronger when you and Brecker connected with two of Finear’s offspring.”
Shimmer snorted and shook her mane.  She’d ceased eating and was watching Keebo as intently as Echo.  The horse hadn’t missed a thing, learning everything Keebo had said through Echo.
Echo wasn’t sure what to think.  This big secret seemed to have something to do with her and her family, but that seemed unlikely. “What are you saying, exactly?” she asked.
Keebo stood and brushed the dirt and grass off of his pants.  He held his hand out to Echo and assisted her to stand.  Electric excitement shot through his eyes and Echo felt it pulse through his hand into hers. He said, “The runes on this wall told us where to find the answers.”  Still holding her hand, Keebo pulled Echo along a worn path.  “Come on!” he stated.  He pulled harder until they were running with Shimmer trotting behind them.  Echo felt dazed, mesmerized by Keebo’s shining wings and her insatiable curiosity about what he had yet to show her.
They raced through the badlands, between reddish-gold sandstone cliffs and over rough grass and hardy wild flowers.  Small trees and sage brush lined the path that led them closer to revelations.  Keebo finally slowed as the path twisted and turned through a series of sandstone walls.  The air was quiet here, and they were shaded from the sun.  Grasshoppers chirruped and buzzed as they flew short distances between blades of grass.  Echo kept her eyes and ears alert for any signs of rattle snakes.  The badlands were notorious for such creatures.
Finally, they rounded one last bend.  Echo’s parents, Mari, Dorian, Jiggers, and several other elves and fae were gathered near another smooth wall.  This one was gigantic.  Echo gaped up at the towering formation, all of which was covered with the same type of paintings as the other, smaller wall.  A natural ledge formed over the wall, protecting it from wandering eyes and harsh weather. The group of people, elves, and fae were in deep discussion, pointing at certain runes and nodding or shaking their heads.  All stopped short and turned their eyes on Echo and Shimmer as they approached.
“Many of my people have come to help with translating the wall and to help fight later,” Keebo stated.
Mari was first in the crowd to react to Echo’s presence.  She rushed toward Echo and embraced her enthusiastically.  “I’m so glad you’re feeling better!  I was really scared.”
Echo’s old companion, guilt, poked at her gut as she hugged Mari and apologized yet again for things she couldn’t change.  They parted and Mari’s face was shining.  “Oh, forget all that for now.  Come on. You have to see this.”  She flipped her long blond hair over her shoulder and walked toward the wall.
Echo followed Mari with Keebo keeping pace as they approached the wall.  Echo’s mom and dad, who were waiting there, each hugged her in turn.
“This is amazing, Echo,” Oran stated.  His excitement had softened his features to resemble a much younger man.  “From the very top of this wall to the very bottom is a story.”
“And not just any story!” Keebo interrupted, and then apologized and nodded to Oran to continue.
“Look up there,” Echo’s dad said.  Echo looked at the very top of the wall.  A picture of a beautiful woman with flowing brown hair rode astride a black, winged horse.  She held a sword with a clear, sculpted hilt.
“Is that sword glass?” Echo asked, intrigued.
“Crystal, actually,” Dorian stated as he came to stand next to Echo.  She suddenly remembered the scrolls of Azura and how they spoke of the Kavalah’s crystal swords. Dorian spoke again, “Keep looking at the paintings, Echo.”  He whispered something in old elvish.  Echo gasped as the woman and her horse seemed to come to life.  The horse spread its wings and reared as the woman raised her crystal sword toward the sun; her hair flowed in elegant swirls around her form.  
A strange voice whispered against the surrounding walls, “Azura!”
Even after the figures became still again, Echo couldn’t take her eyes away.  “That’s Azura?  You mean, the Kavalah queen who defeated Belzac?”  She whispered her question to no one in particular.
“Yes, and the blade she holds is her sword, Dylarian,” Mari stated.  Echo jerked her head toward her sister in shock.  A smile crept across Mari’s lips.  Soon she and Echo were giggling.
“What’s so funny?” Keebo asked.
Echo explained, “We thought Dylarian was a man!” She and Mari burst into laughter as everyone looked at them strangely. They finally got a hold of themselves and Echo asked, “So, is this Azura’s story?  I mean, the rest of it--the part that was missing from the scrolls?”
“That, and then some,” Keebo said.  His strange, unwavering stare was making Echo uncomfortable.
She looked away from Keebo, only to find the rest of the group staring at her the same way.  “WHAT?” she asked, exasperated.
Echo’s dad spoke softly.  “Echo, look at the rest of the paintings.  They tell the story from the time Azura proclaimed war on the shadow dwellers up until today.”
Echo’s eyes scanned the paintings and runes. Images of warriors astride winged horses bore down on a pack of shadows.  Elves, humans, and fae folk all fought against the darkness from the ground.  Then, a burst of light from Dylarian that swallowed Azura and a large, human-shaped shadow that Echo knew was Belzac.  Some strange runes that she couldn’t read followed.  A series of squiggly lines resembling tree roots with names attached covered the lower section of the wall.  “How could these paintings be current?  I mean, they’ve been hidden forever.  Who kept them up?”
Dorian said, “A spell was put on them to keep things up to date.  We will explain that and the rest of the painting’s story later.  Pay close attention to this root over here.”  He pointed a long, slender finger toward one of the squiggly lines.
Echo was so shocked she couldn’t even draw a breath.  The name, “Mareau”, her family’s name, was painted in delicate runes under the root.  From there every name of her family, including hers, was attached by more roots.
“Echo,” Keebo said softly as he touched her shoulder, “This is the great secret that the woodland fae lost all those centuries ago.  It is also your family history.  You are Kavalah!”


Chapter 27
Unfathomable Reality

Everything around Echo dissolved--all the people, the elves, the fae, her family and friends--all vanished.  She could see nothing but her name written on the wall as Keebo’s words resounded in her head, “You are Kavalah!”
Echo’s fingertips tingled before numbness enveloped her.  Everything grew darker before someone shook her and a voice commanded, “Breathe, Echo!”
Echo took in a long breath as the people and surroundings flooded back to her senses.  Dorian had her by the shoulders, looking at her with concern.  “Are you well?  Do you need to lie down?”
Without answering, Echo lowered herself to the ground and sat.  She didn’t trust herself to speak.  Her mind was buzzing too loudly for her to think clearly.  How was this possible?  It just wasn’t!  It had to be a mistake.
Finally finding her voice, Echo said, “This can’t be right.  I’m human.  And the Kavalah disappeared centuries ago.  They don’t exist anymore.”
Dorian gave a slight nod to those around them and the crowd dispersed.  Echo’s family, Keebo, and Dorian remained close to her.  Echo’s dad knelt beside her.  He wasn’t attempting to hide his excitement.  “Echo, the Kavalah do exist and they are human. Our ancestors fought in the doon wars alongside Azura.  Just think of it!”  He squeezed her hand and gazed up at the story wall.  Kiani remained standing, her face a strange mixture of concerned excitement.
Mari beamed at Echo and said, “I helped decipher the runes.  Do you want me to tell you what happened after the wars?”
Echo nodded vaguely, and then sat quietly as Mari chattered about the Kavalah story.  “We know what happened up until Azura and Belzac vanished in this blast of light.  After they were gone, there was a period of mourning and celebration.” Mari trailed her finger along the paintings as she spoke.  The figures shimmered and moved as she touched them.
“No one really knew what happened to Azura and Belzac.  They found Dylarian on the ground where Azura had struck the final blow.  But the sword was broken.  All the pieces were gathered and hidden.  We haven’t figured out where they all are yet.” Mari gave Echo a curious glance and then continued.  “The Kavalah thought they were safe, but new dark lords--sorcerers and shadow dwellers--kept coming for them.  Word of their power had spread and this here,” she pointed to a section of runes, “says that the sorcerers wanted to drain the Kavalah of their energy in order to give themselves more power.  Those that believed Belzac had somehow survived wished to use that energy to bring him back.”
Echo shivered.  The story was dark and depressing.  “So,” Mari continued, “They made an agreement with the elves and fae that they should go into hiding.  They wrote Azura’s story on the scrolls and entrusted them to the elves.  Woodland fae were given the entire story, keeping it only in their minds because they’re professional secret keepers.”  Keebo puffed his chest proudly.
“But, the Kavalah wanted to make certain no one would find them for a very long time.  So, a young elf offered to cast a spell that would hide their identities from those around them.  The same spell would hide the Aleniah, the winged horses.  Anyone looking at them would see only a horse--no wings.” Echo and Shimmer stared at each other.  Could Shimmer be...?
Mari interrupted Echo’s thoughts, “The Kavalah scattered all over the globe, even into the Other World.  But something went wrong with the spell.  Not only did it hide the Kavalah’s identities from others, but they began to forget as well.  Even the elves and fae began to forget.  See,” she said excitedly and pointed to the runes again, “The writers and painters were losing their memories on the subject, too.  They wrote quickly to explain what was happening before they forgot.”
Echo looked at the writing on the wall.  It did seem less fluid where Mari pointed, as if it had been written in haste.  “So,” Mari continued when Echo remained silent, “after naming all of the remaining Kavalah and Aleniah, they put a spell on the wall so that it would keep track of the descendants through the years.  But they didn’t want just anyone to find it, so they hid it.  It’s been here ever since.  About three thousand years.” Mari gazed at the paintings that were bright enough to have been painted just hours ago. “Absolutely incredible,” she whispered.
After a long silence, Echo’s dad spoke, “Echo, there is more.  Let me show you.”  He helped her to stand and held her hand as she walked shakily to a section of the wall half hidden in shadow.  Her mother, Mari, and Keebo remained where they were.  Shimmer’s breath against Echo’s neck told her that the horse was keeping close.
Echo focused on the shaded wall.  The silhouette of a figure with one thick strand of hair flowing in the wind was painted there.  The figure held a pulsating star to the sky, its bright light fending off a fearsome shadow.
Echo was almost afraid to ask, “What does this one mean?”
Her dad squeezed her hand again.  “Does anything in the painting seem familiar to you?”
Echo’s eyes went directly to the star.  Her dad held up his other hand in front of her with his fist closed.  Echo looked down at it.  The missing fingers of her dad’s hand revealed that he was holding something.  Echo’s heart drummed in her ears as Oran slowly opened his fingers.  Resting in his palm was her crystal.  A strange, throaty sound came from Shimmer.
“It’s you, Echo,” her dad whispered.  She gaped up at him as his eyes welled with tears.  “The painting is you.”
This was more than Echo’s mind could handle.  Shadows started to close around her vision.  But she remembered to breath.  In fact, she began to hyperventilate.  Between gasps of breath she said, “I-need-to-sit!”
Echo’s dad helped her to sit down.  She couldn’t tear her eyes away from the frightening shadow that loomed in front of the silhouetted figure on the wall.  She knew it was Belzac.  She was vaguely aware of Dorian approaching and kneeling beside her, and Mari, Kiani, and Keebo came and stood beside Oran and Dorian.  Shimmer rested her lips on Echo’s shoulder, trying to lend her strength, though Echo could feel that her horse was just as shaken as she.
No one spoke for a long while.  Echo finally shook her head slowly and spoke with a quavering voice, “I don’t understand.  How can that be me?”  She didn’t want it to be her.  If she was seeing this painting right, it said that she would have to fight Belzac!
Dorian’s soothing voice answered, “We believe that one of our ancient seers foresaw this.  They had the image painted before it could fade.  It is you, Echo.  There is no doubt.  You are the one who must stop Belzac.  But,” Dorian said quickly, “you will not face him alone.  We are already gathering our forces for the emanate battle. I know this is hard to take in, but you must understand that time is of the essence.  You see,” he said and gave Echo a piercing look, “three days ago, Ayden Green--with the help of many allies, including the dragons you and Song released--slew Degus the sorceress.  The shock wave and earthquake you and Keebo felt while coming home was a result of her death.  Belzac nearly has his army.”
NO! NO! NO! Echo shook her head back and forth as the words screamed in her brain.  This could not be happening!  It was all her fault.  She hadn’t helped anything with her quest up the mountain.  In fact, everything was now much, much worse!
Echo leapt up and spun around.  She wrapped her arms around Shimmer’s neck and buried her face in the horse’s silky-soft mane.  She closed her eyes, but images from the wall assaulted her vision.  Shimmer offered more positive images.  Flashes of riders on winged horses.
Winged horses!  Echo jumped back and gazed into Shimmer’s orb-like eye.  After they shared a thought, Echo turned to the concerned faces of the people surrounding her.  “Is Shimmer an Aleniah?  And, if she is, how do we release her wings?”  She thought of Keebo’s clover leaf salve.  Did he have more? She looked at him expectantly.
“I don’t think the salve will work this time,” Keebo said. 
Echo turned her eyes to Dorian.  “I believe you are the only one who can release her,” he said.
Echo’s dad approached and held out her crystal.  She took it tentatively.  The cool weight pressed against her palm as she gazed into the shining stone.  Oran spoke, “We think this is one piece of Dylarian, the broken sword of Azura.  It won’t do anything for any of us…”
“We believe it has chosen you,” Dorian finished the sentence.
Dorian led Echo back to the larger story wall and pointed to the sword in Azura’s hand.  “Do you see that spot in the center of the hilt?”
Echo squinted up at the painting.  The intricate design on the hilt of Azura’s sword was incredible.  Two horses’ heads, bent away from each other by powerful, curved necks, touched opposite sides of the hilt with their chins.  Jagged arches above the horses’ heads indicated wings.  And between the horses’ necks was a diamond shape in which a jewel was imbedded.  The jewel was the exact shape and color of the crystal Echo now held in her hand.  “It is called ‘The Sun’s Heart’.  It was also dubbed ‘The Shadow Thief’.  It holds the energy that gave the sword its power, though I don’t believe the energy came from the crystal itself,” Dorian said.
Echo looked at her palm again.  “I don’t understand.  None of this makes sense.  Why would this crystal work for me?”
“Because you are Kavalah; you were destined to have it.  And because you possess the brightest inner light of any of us here.  We believe the crystal was drawn to you for these reasons,” Dorian explained.
This was all sounding so ridiculous.  A crystal that could sense things?  The brightest inner light? Echo couldn’t help chuckling.  The others raised their brows at her.  “I just can’t believe this.  It’s not possible for a crystal to know who it wants to be with. And what light could I possibly posses?” she asked, feeling as if everything she’d touched had been tainted with darkness.
“It may seem strange, but it is so,” Dorian stated.
“But I don’t know how to use it.  I mean, it helped release the dragons on the mountain, but Song had to use some strange words for it to work.  And it shone slightly just before I killed the last snow scorpion, but I think that was just a fluke.  The sun burst through the clouds at the right moment and hit it just right.”
Dorian kept his eyes on Echo.  “What were you thinking about when the sun hit the crystal?” he asked.
“I don’t really remember.  Why?”
There was an uncertain silence, as if no one really had an answer to that question.
“You could test it again,” Keebo piped as he gave Echo a wink.
“What do you suggest?” Echo’s dad asked.
Keebo was still grinning at Echo.  “Use it to release Shimmer’s wings.”
Before Echo knew what was happening, she and Shimmer were ushered through the sandstone maze away from the story wall.  They were asked to wait as three elf guards scanned the open area with their sharp eyes, making certain no unwanted company was watching.  Then, Echo and Shimmer were led into the sunlight.  The brightness nearly blinded her after being in the cool shadows near the story wall.  Meadowlarks and killdeer sounded warning calls, and a firm but gentle breeze tickled the wispy grass at their feet.
Once everyone had made a semi-circle around Echo and Shimmer, Dorian spoke, “Try to remember what you were thinking on the mountain before the sun struck the crystal.  I believe your thoughts at that precise moment may be the key to using the crystal.”
Echo closed her eyes.  She couldn’t ask Shimmer for help--they’d been separated on the mountain.  She shuddered at the thought.  Shimmer nudged her encouragingly.
As soon as the memories of that moment rushed in, Echo wanted to open her eyes and forget again.  Images of the Fate screaming and attacking with an icy tornado, the snow scorpions with their slicing tales and ear-splitting screeches, the blood--her blood…
Echo forced her mind to focus on the moment she needed to remember.  She’d been desperate, grasping on to one last hope.  She’d hoped for the crystal to give her some sort of power, some magic that would help give her strength.  She searched her heart.  That feeble hope couldn’t have been what caused the crystal to work, could it?
Then it hit her.  She’d been thinking of Brecker and how she’d failed him.  Her heart stung with guilt and pain.  Tears escaped from her closed eyes as she remembered that moment with awful clarity.  She opened her eyes.  “I was thinking about Brecker.  I was telling him I was sorry for failing him.”  Another tear left the corner of her eye, leaving a silvery trail on her cheek.
No one spoke.  Echo’s mom hugged her and whispered, “It’s not your fault.”
Echo couldn’t bear to hear that.  She couldn’t believe it, either.  She pulled away from her mom and said sarcastically, “So the crystal works on guilt?”
Dorian touched her shoulder and gently turned her toward him.  His eyes were more tender than she’d ever seen them, melting some of the ice away from her conscience.  “No, Echo.  Do you not see? Your love for your brother is what caused the crystal to react.  The energy, the power, the magic that lives within you comes from love. The crystal absorbs that energy, stores it, and releases it as needed or commanded, just as a prism stores and releases light.  In fact, love and light are closely related.”
That was too easy.  Too convenient.  “Then it should work for everyone.  Doesn’t everyone have love?  Mom and Dad love Brecker as much as I, if not more.  Why won’t it work for them?”
“Echo,” her mother spoke this time, “sometimes we just have to accept things as they are, even if they don’t make sense.” She took Echo’s free hand and squeezed gently.  “You have been given a great gift.  A gift that could save your brother and Thildin Valley.  I won’t lie and say I’m not terrified of what is to come.  But I can’t deny what these paintings say.” She gestured toward where they’d come from.  “And I can’t deny what I see in you.  I believe in you, Echo.” She kissed Echo’s forehead and stepped back.
What was she supposed to do now?  All eyes were on her.  She suddenly felt drained of energy.  “Okay,” she said wearily.  “If what all of you are saying is true, how can I use all of this to release Shimmer’s wings?”
Keebo was beside her, his eyes shining.  “Hold it in the sunlight.”
Echo did what he said.  The jagged edges of The Sun’s Heart sparkled brightly, but nothing else happened.  Keebo touched her arm, “How do you feel about Shimmer?”
Immediately, Echo felt her love for her horse.  The crystal pulsed once and was still.  A gasp rippled through the semi-circle. Keebo continued to hold Echo’s arm. Echo’s dad came beside her and touched her other arm.  Kiani and Mari stood behind her, placing their hands gently on her back.  Dorian grasped Keebo’s shoulder.
“Everyone, think of your love for one another.  Echo, focus your attention on Shimmer,” Dorian instructed.
Echo’s heart pounded.  She was daring to hope this was real, that they could make this magic work and reveal that her beloved horse truly had wings.  She looked into Shimmer’s eyes and shared images with her.  All of their memories together--from the morning Echo saw Shimmer take her first step the day she’d been born to this moment. Memories flooded their linked minds and emotions filled their hearts.  Their love for each other was undeniable.  They understood each other in ways no one else could understand.
Echo’s eyes streamed with tears as a burst of energy shot through her arms and back where everyone touched her.  Powerful love overwhelmed her.  The crystal sparkled brightly.
Shimmer snorted and stomped her feet as the crystal pulsed.  The horse tossed her mane and reared, striking the air with her hooves.  As she descended, the crystal burst with light--not blinding, but bright enough to cause everyone to jump and squint their eyes against it.  Light streamed from the crystal to Shimmer’s back.  It seemed to strike something, sending showers of tiny, sparkling stars cascading down the horse’s sides.
Shimmer sounded a triumphant whistle as the light faded away, revealing a set of creamy-white wings.  Echo and all who were with her stared, frozen in wonder.  Shimmer arched her swan-like neck proudly and unfolded the wings.  The enormous, feathery appendages stretched to her sides like angel’s wings; and then she pulled them up toward the sky, creating the most breath-taking moment Echo had ever experienced.  Shimmer was so regal, so divine!
The wings were long and wispy, like the clouds that stretched across the upper levels of the sky.  They were delicate and graceful, yet full of strength and power. As Echo stroked one of the feathers, she noted how sturdy it was.  Each feather was covered in a layer of fine hair.  The hair was as soft as Shimmer’s coat and specks of light reflected from the tiny strands like gold.  Echo felt Shimmer’s joy--it filled her up until she found herself laughing.  She longed to jump onto Shimmer’s back and ride into the clouds.
A voice touched Echo’s ears.  “Shimmer must practice flight alone at first.  Once she finds her wings—again--you must learn to ride,” Dorian said.  The elf’s visage was vibrant.
“When?  How soon can I ride in the sky?” Echo asked eagerly.  All her dreams of flying were going to really happen!
“It has been an extraordinary day.  Let Shimmer test her wings as we make our way back to Thildin.  Then we will have a better idea of how soon you can begin your new training.”
Shimmer squealed as she pumped her wings, sending strong gusts of wind against everyone.  Echo laughed, sensing Shimmer’s eagerness to take flight.
“We still need to be careful,” Echo’s dad said, blinking out of his shocked state.  “Belzac is still on the hunt, and his leeches could be watching.”
Coldness rippled up Echo’s spine at the mention of Belzac. Her subconscious regurgitated the image of the painting on the story wall, that horrid painting foretelling her worst nightmare.  She had a sudden loss of interest in learning to ride her newly winged steed--the sooner she learned, the sooner she’d have to face Belzac.  Then again, maybe it wouldn’t matter if she rode in the sky or not.  After all, the painting had shown the figures standing on the ground.
A soft muzzle brushed against Echo’s cheek.  Shimmer’s whiskers tickled Echo’s skin as she stroked the giant disk of her horse’s jaw.  I know.  I’m not alone. Thank you for reminding me.
Shimmer nickered and then stepped away.  She stretched her wings again and Echo marveled at their vastness.  Each wing was at least as long as the horse to which they were attached.  Maybe longer.  The thousands of feathers glistened in the sunlight as Shimmer pumped them with astonishing strength.  The grass and sage at the horse’s feet bent against their power as if bowing to the angel horse.
“Let us begin home,” Dorian stated.  Then, he looked to Shimmer.  “You may attempt flight, if you wish.  Keep your senses open to danger and return to us if anything threatens you.”
The horse bobbed her head briefly, and then half-reared and shot forward into a gallop, taking Echo’s breath as she went.  Echo and the others stood immobile, watching with tensed anticipation as Shimmer boldly ran toward a cliff.  The horse pumped her wings in time with her hooves and Echo’s heart.  If she didn’t get into the air…  Echo shuddered and pleaded for her horse to be airborne before she plummeted to her death.
Hooves, hearts, and wings pounded as Shimmer’s form raced forward at blinding speed.  Just as Echo was about to yell in fear of her horse’s life, Shimmer rose above the ground in one graceful movement as if she’d found an invisible path that led her to the clouds.
Through their connection, Echo could feel Shimmer’s exhilaration.  Those on the ground cheered.  Longing to be in the air with her horse formed a lump in Echo’s throat.  She kept her moistened eyes to the sky, trusting someone to lead her over the uneven ground as they walked toward Thildin.
Shimmer was doing well, better than Echo could’ve hoped.  Her horse had to pump her wings furiously every so often to keep aloft, but then would find a current and spread her glorious wings, allowing the hands of the wind to carry her.
The journey home was a mixture of joy and frustration for Echo.  She couldn’t deny Shimmer’s pleasure of flying any more than she could deny her frustration at being forced to walk home.  Everyone with her chatted excitedly about the day’s events and marveled at Shimmer’s grace and beauty.  Echo only caught bits and pieces of the conversation.  She was too focused on keeping her connection with Shimmer.  If she couldn’t ride this flight, she would experience as much as she could through her horse.
Echo stumbled as she watched the sky, even after Shimmer’s form had vanished from her sight.  The group emerged from the badlands near the Winia River to the north of Thildin Valley.  They were about to veer southward, toward Thildin, when several in the group suddenly drew their weapons.  Echo tore her gaze from the sky, her senses suddenly alert.  She gave Shimmer a quick thought, “Danger!”  Shimmer would be with them in moments.
A lone figure stood by the water, his dark cloak dripping.  Echo breathed a sigh of relief as Dorian ordered the others to lower their weapons and explained to those who didn’t know--mostly the fae--that Cage was an ally.  Echo was suddenly aware that Keebo was holding her hand; he’d been the one leading her to Thildin.  They both quickly let go, avoiding eye contact, as Cage spoke her name.
“Echo, so glad to see you still in one piece.  You can’t say I didn’t warn you about the Fate,” Cage’s voice was taunting, but Echo thought she saw genuine relief in his eyes.  Keebo stood closer to her as if he were afraid Echo would leap into the river at any moment.
“I’m sorry I didn’t listen to you, Cage.  But a lot has happened since then,” Echo said.  For some reason, she was eager to tell Cage all about the story wall and her heritage and destiny, but not while everyone was watching and listening.
“More has happened than you know,” Cage said.  “Belzac is recruiting shadow dwellers quickly now that Degus is out of the way.” In spite of his dark news, the wraith seemed more relaxed than usual.  He gave a smirk and continued, “That’s why I’m able to come speak with you. I don’t even have to worry about being punished for it.  Belzac has so many followers now that he can’t focus on all at once.” Cage’s smile spread wider, but Echo’s stomach dropped.
“How many does he have, exactly?” Echo asked in hushed tones as if it would cushion the impact of Cage’s answer.
The wraith’s smile dropped.  “More than I could count.” A nervous tension rippled through the group gathered around Cage.  He shrugged and said, “But then, I can’t count very high.  Only to a thousand.”
A thousand?  Echo felt all her blood drain from her face.  Shimmer bugled her arrival, causing everyone but Echo to jump.  The horse landed a little roughly, gouging the earth with her hooves before sliding to a stop.  She flapped her great wings twice and then folded them to her sides and came alongside Echo. 
Echo momentarily forgot her worries as she beamed at her horse, and then looked at Cage.  “I was able to release her wings,” she said.
Cage stared at Shimmer for a long while, his face a mixture of fear and excitement.  Finally he spoke, “So, you have wings, too.  I’d heard rumors of the other one flying, but I didn’t really believe them until now.”
“Which other one?” Dorian asked.
Cage looked seriously at the elf.  “Brecker’s horse.”


Chapter 28
Surprise

A series of gasps rippled around Echo.  Keebo grabbed her hand again and squeezed tightly.  Kiani leaned into Oran’s shoulder, and Mari grasped Dorian’s sleeve.  Echo’s thick voice sounded like it came from someone else as she asked, “How is that possible?  How could Brecker have released Midnight Sun?” Had he found another piece of Dylarian?
“I heard that Belzac did some kind of magic, so I thought that he’d created the wings.  But I guess I was wrong,” Cage answered. The wraith looked at Shimmer, then at Echo.  “This means I was right about you.  That energy in you isn’t just a fluke; you are magical.”
The undeniable reality struck Echo again, making her head spin.  She’d been so eager to tell Cage about all of this moments ago when it still seemed like a silly dream, but hearing it from someone else made it too real.  “I’m not magical.  Not really.  Brecker and I, and our family, are Kavalah.”
Cage’s eyebrows raised with mild surprise. “Belzac has been talking about Kavalah ever since he enslaved us.  He said Kavalah were powerful, that they had strong connections to their steeds.  But he never mentioned those steeds having the ability to fly.” The wraith looked admiringly at Shimmer.  The horse raised her head and puffed out her chest.
Echo shook her head and glared at Cage. “So, you knew all this time about the Kavalah, and you never thought it important enough to tell me?”
Cage’s silvery eyes rested on her again.  “I knew you had a special energy.  I knew you and Shimmer had a strong connection.  But I couldn’t be certain you were Kavalah.  You gave no indication when I read your thoughts that you were from that special race.  I thought Kavalah would know they were Kavalah.”
Dorian interrupted Echo’s attempt at an argument. “We will explain all of that to you later, Cage.  Right now, time is running short.  Have you been able to recruit any of your people to help with the upcoming battle?”
Cage’s mouth pressed into a thin line.  Then he answered, “No, not yet.  But I’ll do my best.  Now that Belzac is busy, it should be easier to approach my people about this.”  He lowered his eyes, but not before Echo caught a flash of pain in them.  She wondered if he’d already been punished for attempting to recruit his people to fight against Belzac.
“Very well,” Dorian said.  “We need to get to Thildin now.  Echo,” he said, turning to her, “Shimmer will practice flying over Thildin for the rest of today.  Flying seems to come naturally to her, but we need to know her limits.  Tomorrow, we begin your new training.”
Echo’s stomach tickled.  She’d dreamed forever about flying.  True, she always imagined being astride a mighty dragon, but this was even better.  She’d be with her closest friend.
For the remainder of that day, Dorian stood beside Echo inside the protective borders of Thildin while Echo relayed the elf’s instructions to Shimmer.  Dorian put the horse through a series of movements, testing her limits and abilities.  Echo was fascinated and amazed at Shimmer’s agility.  Her movements weren’t as fluid as a dragon’s, but she was fast and could twist and turn in ways Echo never thought possible.
After several hours of flying, resting, and then flying again, Dorian nodded his approval.  “Call her down, Echo.  I think our only concern is that she cannot flip upside-down.”
Echo summoned Shimmer as she shuddered at the recent memory of her horse attempting to cork-screw through the air; thank goodness Shimmer had been close to the ground, for when she’d twisted with her feet to the sky, the horse had lost all control and crashed.  She was thankfully unharmed through the ordeal and didn’t attempt the maneuver again.
Shimmer landed, her body lathered and her breathing labored.  Dorian continued speaking, “You know how to ride and to fight while astride Shimmer, Echo.  Now you need to learn to do those things while in the air.”  He gave her a bright smile.
“Great,” Echo responded sarcastically.  She was excited to ride the clouds with Shimmer, but the thought of attempting to perform any type of battle movements while zipping through the sky at blinding speeds caused her stomach to turn unpleasantly. “How will I stay on?  Especially when she tips to the side? What if my hands are busy with daggers or the Sun’s Heart?  I’ll slide right off!”
“We have already thought of that,” Dorian responded.  “Our leather crafters are working on a saddle based on the painting on the story wall.  They are doing their best to design it as closely to Azura’s saddle as possible.  You will have straps that hold your legs and stirrups for your feet.  They will also make certain to include some type of quick release for those straps in the event you need to dismount in haste.”
They were walking toward Echo’s home now.  The golden glow of the setting sun embraced the trees and buildings as birds trilled lullabies.  They were all such a contrast to her worried emotions.
Dorian and every elf around them abruptly ceased what they were doing and turned toward the sun.  Echo and Shimmer halted, too, and stood silently.  Soon, a chorus of unearthly voices filled the air as the elves sang the sun to set.  The sound wound through the air and wrapped Echo in a blanket of peace.  She wished with all her heart that she could sing, too.  If hearing the music had this effect, what would singing it do? She could only imagine the glory, the joy of feeling those clear, angelic notes vibrate from her core and pour from her mouth to mingle with the other voices.  Echo closed her eyes, lost in the music.
When the elves finished, Dorian touched Echo’s elbow and she opened her eyes dreamily.  He gave her gentle squeeze on the shoulder and said, “Go care for Shimmer and then both of you rest.  You will need your strength for tomorrow.  Perhaps I will have a training partner for you by morning.”  He turned and strode into the darkening trees.
Just what I need, more surprises!  Echo led Shimmer to the house.  The horse had pre-determined that she would stay as close to Echo as she could.  Echo had half-teased that Shimmer could come and sleep next to her bed; she would’ve seriously let her horse in the house if her mother would’ve allowed it.
Echo took her time rubbing the sweat from Shimmer’s coat.  The horse hungrily ate her grain and then nibbled on sweet grass as she and Echo shared thoughts and emotions.  Both had worries, and both were excited.  Echo brushed and brushed, vaguely aware of the surrounding darkness.  She finally stopped, and Shimmer nudged her thankfully in the chest.  “You’re welcome.  Now don’t go rolling in the dirt.  I just got you nice and clean.”
Echo gave her horse a tender hug, so grateful for being blessed with such a friend.  Shimmer twitched her wings and nickered softly as if to say, “I love you, too.”
Pre-dawn gray light filled Echo’s room when her mother woke her the next morning.  “Dorian is here,” she said softly, but Echo detected tenseness in her voice.  “He’s waiting for you to begin training.  Better get up.”
Leaping out of bed, Echo dressed quickly.  She’d slept much better than she’d anticipated and now felt energy running through her veins.  She was going to fly today!  Maybe that’d been the cause for the strange edge in her mother’s voice.  She was probably just worried.
After gulping down breakfast, Echo hugged her mother, “Don’t worry, Mom, I’ll be careful.”
Her mother squeezed her tightly, “I know, Echo.” They parted and Kiani smiled.  “But I’ll still worry.  It’s my job.”
They both laughed, and then Echo left the house.  Dorian and Mari were standing next to Shimmer.  Mari was stroking the horse’s wing feathers admiringly as she and Dorian spoke quietly.  As Echo approached, a nearby tree rippled and Keebo emerged.  Echo moaned.  She hadn’t been expecting to perform in front of Keebo today.  The fae gave her a wink and, feeling her cheeks flush, Echo prayed she wouldn’t do anything embarrassing.
The tree rippled again as Jiggers arrived.  His white hair stuck out to the sides more wildly than ever, but now Echo could see pointed ear tips poking though the tangles. And, of course, he now sported wings, too.  They were more transparent than Keebo’s and the veins were like delicate silver threads.  Jiggers’ eyes were wide as he looked at the winged horse.  After gawking for several minutes, his face split into a laugh and he slapped his knee.  “Ha! Ha!  If I died right now, I’d die a happy fae!  Isn’t she just the pixie’s pride?” He approached Shimmer and stroked her neck. 
Dorian cleared his throat and spoke, “It is time, Echo.  Let us make our way to the training field.”  Everyone followed Dorian’s slender form through the trees.  Mari stayed close to the elf and Keebo made his way next to Echo.
“How are you doing?  Are you nervous? Excited? Just think, we can fly together now!” Keebo’s face was bright enough to light an entire house.  Echo couldn’t help smiling.
“Let’s just see how I do first, okay?  I might be a total flop at this,” she said.
“You’ll be great.  You always are,” Keebo said.  Echo gazed at the path, focusing on rocks and leaves, anything but Keebo’s admiring eyes.  Those eyes caused the blood rush too fast through her head, making her dizzy.
Jiggers walked behind them, chattering non-stop to Shimmer or the trees or whoever or whatever happened to be listening.  The sun peeked over the horizon as the group reached the training field.  Dorian turned to Echo, his face a contrast to his cool and calm demeanor--he looked ready to burst with excitement.  “We have a surprise for you, Echo.  We needed someone to help you practice fighting while airborne.  So,” he glanced at Mari, causing her cheeks to flame, “Mari found a way for us to do that.  After studying the painting of the broken sword of Dylarian at the story wall, she was able to help us locate another piece of sword.  We were not certain it would work--after all, the Sun’s Heart did not work for the other rider when it worked for you.  But we were successful.”
Echo couldn’t stand it.  Who on earth could it be?  Dorian turned toward the sunrise and everyone followed suit.  Through shafts of blinding light, Echo saw something approaching from the eastern sky.  Shimmer whistled in greeting as the figure came closer.  Echo’s heart bounded against her chest at her horse’s call and then at what she saw.
Her father sat astride Finear, soaring gracefully through the air.  The stallion’s coat was blood red in the light of the rising sun, and his wings, as ebony as his flowing mane and tail, dramatically accented his shining body.  Echo nearly forgot to breathe as the stallion landed solidly in front of them, his great wings causing a whoosh of air that nearly knocked them over.  Her dad dismounted and approached her, his face outshining the sun behind him.
“Echo,” he said and embraced her, then stepped back and held her at arm’s length.  His eyes were brimming with tears and a broad smile caused deep dimples to form on his stubbly cheeks.  “Isn’t this amazing?  Wait until you fly.  I can’t even describe it to you!  Look.”  He held open his hand.  A small crystal, one that had been kept in the Mareau family’s china cupboard for years, rested in her father’s hand. “This has been sitting in our house for so long.  We thought it was just an heirloom.  Who would’ve guessed?  I had to touch the crystal to Finear’s back and ask that his wings be released while everyone touched me as they did with you and Shimmer.  And it worked!  Just look at him!”
Echo giggled at her dad’s boyish excitement and from her own frazzled nerves.  She was suddenly dizzy with all that had transpired over the past several days and with eagerness to be next to her dad on what promised to be an unforgettable ride.  “This is amazing!  Now we know why you’ve always felt so close to the stallion.” She giggled again.  Then she asked, “How is Mom taking all of this?” She suddenly remembered Kiani’s strained sounding voice that morning.
“She’s holding up pretty well.  You’re mother is a tough little bird.  She’ll be okay,” Oran answered.  Then he turned to Finear standing majestically behind him.  “Are we ready?”  The stallion snorted and bobbed his head, causing his mane to dance around his muscular neck.
Echo’s dad turned to her again.  “Are you and Shimmer ready?” he asked more softly.
The world fell out from under Echo’s feet and she drew a sharp breath.  “Y-Yes.  I think so,” she answered nervously.  Adventure sparked in her dad’s eyes, giving Echo fuel for the task ahead.  She gave her dad a quick smile, turned and nodded to Dorian and Keebo, and then approached Shimmer.
Thalen and Alena had arrived sometime during Echo’s conversation with her dad.  They were just tightening the girth-strap of the elf-made saddle onto Shimmer.  Echo made sure her horse felt comfortable, and then allowed Thalen to help her mount.
The saddle was barely noticeable, the leather was so soft.  She felt Shimmer’s body heat through it as she tucked her knees snugly behind the crooks of Shimmer’s wings. “Your legs will be supported here,” Thalen explained as Echo slid her legs into the leather straps.  “They attach here,” he pointed to the side of her calf, “and you can release them with one movement like this,” he pulled on a narrow strand of leather and both straps fell away from Echo’s legs.  She nodded in understanding and allowed Thalen to re-fasten the straps.
Echo looked at her dad.  He’d been given a saddle as well.  Dorian spoke from where he stood at Shimmer’s withers, his hand resting at the base of her left wing.  “Take things slowly at first,” he instructed.  “Do not worry about trying to hold your weapons now.  We will get to that later.  Just get the feel of being in the sky--know how the wind feels, find currents, understand the warm and cold spots and how they affect Shimmer’s flight. See things through her perspective so that you will understand how your movements will affect her.”  He squeezed her hand quickly before stepping back.
Mari, who’d remained silent until now, approached and looked up at Echo with awe and admiration.  “Good luck, Echo.  Be safe,” she said.  Echo thanked her, and, as Mari walked toward Dorian, Echo’s eyes fell on Keebo.  He gave her a great smile, but she only nodded as she swallowed a lump of nerves and excitement.  She turned Shimmer toward her dad and the stallion.
“I’m ready,” she said.  Her dad gave her a wink, and, in a breath, horses and riders were blazing across the ground.


Chapter 29
Secret of the Sun’s Heart

Shimmer’s muscular wings stretched behind her, hugging Echo.  The girl flattened her body against Shimmer as the horse increased speed.  The ground blurred, and then Echo’s insides lurched as Shimmer vaulted into the sky.  Her powerful wings pumped, pushing against the air until the earth fell away and the trees below looked like stalks of broccoli, asparagus, and mushrooms.  Echo clung to Shimmer’s mane, her knuckles white.  She squeezed with her knees and was suddenly thankful for the saddle and straps that held her securely to her horse.
Echo’s dad and the stallion were just ahead of them.  Through the whooshing of wind through her ears, Echo caught the faint sound of her dad’s laughter.  It was a bizarre sensation, riding her horse but not feeling her hooves jarring against any ground.  It was like a wonderful, weightless dream.
After several minutes, Echo’s heart slowed enough for her to remember that she was supposed to be seeing things from Shimmer’s point of view.  She made a deeper connection, and Shimmer’s joy at flying helped Echo to relax even more.  She felt her lungs expand, milking every ounce of oxygen they could from the thinner air. They circled around and the horses caught a strong current.  They spread their wings wide and glided, wobbling as if they were walking a balance beam.  The action did provide the horses a bit of rest, but only for a moment.  Echo took advantage of that moment and looked to the earth.  They were flying over the training field where a large crowd had gathered to watch them.  They all looked like the mold spores Echo had seen under some old, wet leaves once.  Only these spores were moving.  She giggled at the thought of telling Keebo he looked like a mold spore, and then focused again as Shimmer lost the current and pumped her wings.
The intense wind of Shimmer’s speedy flight was beginning to dry Echo’s eyes.  She blinked several times in attempt to refresh them.  It was then that Shimmer decided to perform one of her more complicated moves, tilting sharply to the left until her wing pointed toward the earth.  Echo screamed and clung to her horse.  Thankfully, the straps held her secure.  Echo could feel Shimmer laughing.
“Warn me next time, will you?” Echo shouted.  Shimmer’s ears swiveled back, taking in the words.  She sent Echo a quick image and Echo grasped onto her horse a little tighter.  Shimmer rolled to the right, then pumped her wings furiously as she shot upward.  The power of the movement astonished Echo.  The air was getting cold fast and Echo was just about to start worrying over it when Shimmer suddenly made a bucking movement; she then shot straight toward the earth like an arrow, tucking her wings against Echo’s legs.  Echo had to re-swallow her heart as Shimmer stretched her wings and pulled up at the last minute, barely avoiding a deadly collision with the ground.
Stop showing off!  You scared me! Echo scolded.  Shimmer snorted and whinnied as she descended again, more slowly, and landed easily at the training field. Echo’s body tingled from the ride and her breath came in short bursts.  She pulled the leather strap to release her legs and shakily dismounted.  She was immediately surrounded by people, elves, and fae.  Echo’s dad and Finear landed next to them, receiving the same welcome.  The crowd wore hope and admiration on their faces as they patted the two Aleniah and shook hands, hugged, and patted the backs of the two Kavalah.
The next several days followed the same routine; Echo and her dad practiced flying until both were comfortable.  It wasn’t long until Echo was able to keep balance enough to pull her daggers and practice battle movements.  She would’ve thoroughly enjoyed these training sessions if the purpose of them wasn’t to help her learn to fight against her brother.  But, maybe if her dad and Finear could fight with her, they could somehow get Brecker and Midnight Sun down without too much damage.  Maybe.
Thildin hummed with activity.  Daggers and swords were sharpened, but more so, stakes were prepared for making fires, and powders and potions were mixed for keeping away dark dreams.  Fae and elves practiced light-summoning spells.  Echo watched Keebo and his people hone their fire-making magic.  Some of the enemies they would face would be flesh and blood--those controlled by shadow dwellers and dark magic.  But most of their foes would be made of shadow and evil, a deadly combination that Echo would’ve gladly avoided if she could.
Mari and Kiani had organized headquarters at the library.  They cataloged every weapon made, who they went to, and where they were stored.  They also helped organize a recruiting party--the villagers had to be warned, though they probably weren’t going to be convinced by the elves.  Many of the fae, including Keebo and Jiggers, had disguised themselves as humans and were attempting to spread word of the upcoming battle, hoping to convince the villagers that the elves were on their side.  Echo’s grandfather had joined the efforts, filling the ears of anyone willing to listen of how the elves had always been kind and helpful.  So far, he hadn’t been overly successful.  Moodey’s words still haunted too many of the villagers, and fear of the elves still burned too brightly in their minds.
While Echo and her dad rested from their training one blustery day (flying had been extremely strenuous, to say the least), Dorian approached with an uncommon crease between his slanted brows.  His scowling was never a good sign.  The elf stood before them and spoke, “We have determined when Belzac will be attacking Thildin Valley and the villages.”  Echo’s heart plummeted into her stomach.  Before, she could pretend that any battling was still a long way off, but now there would be a set date; she felt like she did when she feared having a nightmare; falling asleep was inevitable, as was this battle.
Dorian continued, “Cage sent word, and we have concluded, that Belzac will strike in one week’s time on the night of the new moon.” He gave them a deep look.  “No moon, no light.  Thildin Valley will be completely consumed in the shadow of night.  Doons will be able to move about without hindrance.”
The wind gusted at the end of Dorian’s sentence as if to heighten the drama of his words.  Echo’s dad ran a hand over his face as hope and energy drained from Echo.  “How will we be able to fight this?” she asked.  “I mean, the torches will give some light, but do you know how fast those things can move from shadow to shadow when there is light?  They’ll be as quick as snakes in the darkness!”  Echo shivered.  Darkness was a fierce enough creature on its own, the doons riding it like some hideous steed only made it more terrifying.
Dorian looked at her again.  “Have you been practicing with the Sun’s Heart?”
Echo cast her eyes to the side.  She’d been trying to make the blasted crystal work, but no matter what she did nothing more than a dull glow ever came from the stone.  She relayed this to Dorian, keeping her eyes averted.  She felt, once again, horribly inadequate.
The elf placed his fingers under her chin and forced her to look at him.  He was smiling again, that warm, comforting smile of his.  “We will work on that today.  You have both flown many hours in this wind.  Come to me after you have had some rest and we will try to discover the crystal’s secrets.”
Echo couldn’t help feeling hope.  It emanated from Dorian like waves of heat.  Her dad squeezed her shoulder, adding to the affect.  She gave them a nod and then turned with Shimmer toward their elf home.  They spoke to each other, giving one another comfort against their fears and hopes for the days to come.
After a short rest, Echo and Shimmer wandered to the old, familiar building where she and her siblings had sat together for so many lessons.  Echo left her horse grazing outside as she entered the room with the pine table, the tall shelves filled with scrolls, and Mari, sitting on one of the tree stump seats.  Memories stabbed at her heart.  If only Brecker were sitting there too, it would be as if all these dark events had been nothing more than a bad dream.
Mari looked up from the scroll she’d been reading.  It was the old scroll that accompanied Azura’s story scroll.  Mari gave small smile as Echo sat next to her.  “I’ve been watching you and dad flying.  It really is breath-taking!” she said.  “It almost makes me wish I’d taken after the Kavalah side of our family, too.  But, I’m so much happier reading and deciphering strange letters.”
Echo nodded, “You have no idea how lucky you are.  I’d do anything right now to trade places.”  Not that Echo wanted Mari to have to face these evils, but she didn’t want to face them either.
After giving Echo’s hand a quick squeeze, Mari spoke, “Dorian and I have been pouring over this scroll.  Even though some of the words are almost impossible to read, I think we may have found something to help you.”
Echo looked eagerly at the crumpled, yellow paper as Dorian strolled in.  “Ah, already begun.  Thank you, Mari.” Mari’s eyes sparkled at the elf.  Dorian gave her a warm look, then turned his attention again on Echo.  “Echo, we believe this scroll discusses what went wrong when Azura confronted Belzac.  She had Dylarian and she had the love for her people filling the crystal, giving it power.  It was a great love--great enough to produce a wondrous light.  So what went wrong?  Why was Belzac sent to the shadow lands and Azura whisked away into light?  Why was Dylarian shattered?”
Echo gazed into Dorian’s eyes, as if the answers to his questions were hidden behind their chocolate irises.  “What?  Why didn’t it work?” Echo asked quietly.
Mari answered, “Because she couldn’t forgive Belzac for all he’d done.  She held hatred in her heart for him.”
Echo looked at her sister blankly.  How could Azura have forgiven him?  Why would she? Echo didn’t understand.
Dorian touched her hand, drawing her attention.  “As the Sun’s Heart is a vessel, you are also a vessel.  You absorb, store, and transfer love, or hate, or passion, or indifference.  Unlike the Sun’s Heart, however, you are given the privilege of choosing what kind of vessel you want to be--you determine what elements you wish to use to affect yourself and the world around you.  What will you hold on to? What will you let go?” Dorian raised his hand as if to keep her from answering, though no words were at her lips.
“Be careful of your answer.  Holding to the wrong things can be dangerous.  Holding on to the right things for the wrong reasons is equally dangerous.  You have a choice to make, Echo.  Storing your hatred for Belzac will darken your perspective, dull your reasoning, and poison your emotions.  It is like a consuming shadow. Remember, a vessel can only hold so much.  By storing bitterness and hatred for Belzac, you make less room for love.  Azura’s hatred toward Belzac was her failure.  That hatred dimmed the light of her love, and in turn, dimmed the light of the Sun’s Heart enough to keep the power of love from ending Belzac’s darkness and saving Azura’s life.  It was hatred that cracked the sword, leaving it broken and alone.  The secret to the Sun’s heart begins with forgiveness.  Love cannot be made whole without it.”
Echo stared at the elf.  “So you’re saying I need to forgive Belzac for enslaving my brother, wreaking havoc on our home, and plotting to destroy everything I love?” The hatred in Echo waxed stronger with every word. She couldn’t stop it.  It was like a poison seeping through her.
“That is exactly what I am saying.  If Azura would have been able to let go of her hatred and forgiven Belzac, her love would have been whole and her victory would have been complete.”
Impossible! How can I forgive that MONSTER for the torment he’s put us all through? Echo wanted to shout.  But she held her lips firmly shut and trembled with anger.  She hadn’t been expecting anyone to ask such a thing.  She slowly shook her head.  “I don’t know if I can.” Her voice sounded low and deep, as if she’d been sleeping.
“If you cannot forgive, then we have little hope of victory next week.  Take some time alone.  Go for a solitary ride, just you and Shimmer,” Dorian’s voice was quiet. “Search your heart, Echo.  I believe you will find what you need to accomplish this task.”
Task? He made it sound like taking books to the library or washing dishes.  If it were only that simple!
Echo left the building, connecting with Shimmer and relaying what bits and pieces the horse had missed during Echo’s conversation with Dorian and Mari.  The wind had died to a half-hearted breeze, and Echo didn’t hesitate to mount Shimmer.  They flew for a long while as the sun sank toward the western sky.  She tried to think and to feel what she was supposed to think and feel.  Forgiveness.  How could she forgive Belzac?  How could she just shrug her shoulder and say, “It’s okay, Belzac. I know you didn’t mean it.”  She just couldn’t.
Shimmer dove playfully through a low cloud.  Tiny droplets clung to Echo’s skin before the wind of Shimmer’s wings dried them off.  A memory, one Echo had all but forgotten until now, suddenly popped into her head.  She had been small, maybe six or seven, and Brecker had done something to make her angry.  She couldn’t recall what it had been.  But her mom had tried to convince her to forgive him.  When she’d said she couldn’t, her mom’s reply had been, “Echo, forgiving someone doesn’t mean you’re saying they’re right.  Forgiveness is just as much for you as it is for the one you’re forgiving.  It gives freedom to both of you.”
Freedom.  Her hatred of Belzac clung to her like those droplets from the cloud.  Was forgiveness like the wind, drying the hate, making it disappear?
As Echo pondered, a movement caught the corner of her eye.  She turned Shimmer toward it, thinking her dad and Finear had come to join them.  Shimmer whistled sharply, but not in welcome.  It was a challenge.
Midnight Sun’s wings, which were like giant flames over his fiery coat, carried the horse and his master toward them. The colt returned Shimmer’s call as Echo’s eyes found Brecker’s.  His face frightened her. His eyes had sunken into his skull, leaving them dark and shaded.  Long, wild, black hair danced around his pale, haunted features, and dark stubble clung to his chin.  He was dressed in black.  The saddle on which he sat was similar to the one Echo was using, only the straps holding Brecker’s legs wound around his thighs rather than his calves and it was, as his attire, black as coal.
Suddenly, another more powerful whistle shot through the air.  Oran and Finear were at Echo and Shimmer’s sides before Echo knew what was happening.  “Don’t be afraid, Echo,” her dad called to her.  “The protective barrier rises high above Thildin and far beneath it.  He can’t cross.”
Her dad’s words brought little comfort.  The three horses whinnied as their riders brought them closer together.  At the barrier, the steeds pumped their wings, doing their best to hover in front of each other.  It was a difficult move--one that Echo and Shimmer had been practicing.  They managed long enough for Echo and her dad to look into Brecker’s dark eyes.  They weren’t filled with evil, as Echo had feared.  A lump formed in her throat as she looked upon the fear and utter despair etched in her brother’s expression.
Brecker opened his mouth to speak, his eyes pleading.  “Please…” he whispered, but no words followed. His lips quavered and a single tear ran down his sunken cheek.
Echo couldn’t move or speak.  The horses strained to keep their positions as several seconds slipped away.  Finally, Oran’s shaking voice sounded above the rush of wind and blood in Echo’s ears.  “Son, no matter what happens, know that we love you.”
Relief and pain flashed in Brecker’s face.  His lips parted as if he were about to speak again, but instead he turned Midnight Sun sharply away and disappeared into the darkening sky.


Chapter 30
Apples and Old Friends

Two days had passed since Echo and her dad had seen Brecker.  Echo couldn’t shake the image of her brother from her mind.  He was so dark, so different.  Yet, something of his old self remained inside, something strong enough for him to seek them out with that pleading look in his eyes.
Echo’s heart ached.  A series of ‘if onlys’ circled in her mind like a dog chasing its own tail.  If only she’d tried harder to stop Brecker from listening to Moodey, if only she’d been brave enough to stop him from shaking hands with Belzac, if only she’d offered the Fate something other than the crystal…
Shaking her head, Echo tried to rid her mind of thoughts that led nowhere.  She walked toward the grove of canopy trees as she attempted to focus on the training session she was about to do.  A lone figure waited in the midst of the mushroom-like trees, turning Echo’s mind in a completely different direction.
Keebo leaned against one of the spongy canopy trunks, munching an apple and looking thoughtfully at the mesh of branches stretched over him.  More apples rested in a large pile at his feet.  Echo paused, smiling as she watched him.  She took in every detail for a moment, drinking in his boyish features and his newly revealed wings and pointed ears.  Her fingers tingled, longing to touch those ears.  His jagged, sandy hair ruffled in the breeze as he grinned at the tree, producing a dimple at the corner of his mouth.  Echo found herself wishing they could try another kiss.
Keebo took a last bite of apple, threw the core into the trees, and then looked in Echo’s direction.  She felt her cheeks warm, embarrassed at getting caught gawking.  She walked toward him, averting her eyes for a moment in attempt at gaining her composure.  Keebo was to help her sharpen her reflexes today.  She wasn’t sure how he meant to accomplish this, but she needed to clear her head and ready herself for the exercise.  Shimmer had remained behind to receive a well-deserved grooming from Echo’s dad.
A disturbing smirk played on Keebo’s lips as she came closer.  “There you are.  Are you ready for this?” he asked, giving an extremely sneaky smile.
Echo looked down at the pile of apples.  “What are the apples for?” she asked.  But when she looked up, Keebo was gone. “Keebo?”  Echo turned around and scanned the trees.  Something hard zipped through the air and pelted her thigh.  “Ow!” Echo shouted and then looked down to see an apple, as bruised as her leg, rolling across the ground.
“You’ll have to be quicker than that!” Keebo’s voice called out.  He appeared quickly through a canopy trunk, grabbed another apple, and then vanished again.
Echo drew her daggers and attempted to guess which tree Keebo had jumped to.  She had no clue.  A whisper of a sound drew her attention to her left, just in time to see another apple whizzing through the air toward her face.  Her arm muscles jerked, but not quickly enough to stop the apple from striking her cheek. “AAAHH!” she screamed, touching  the tender spot on her cheek with the back of her hand.  “That hurt!”
“Have to be faster!” Keebo taunted.  Echo still couldn’t tell where he was.  She stilled herself, listening intently for any unusual sounds.  She jumped at Keebo’s whispering voice behind her. “Listen to the trees, Echo.”
Her heart thumped against her chest.  She wanted to hear the trees, to be able to understand them like Keebo and Song did.  A breeze stirred the branches of the great canopy trees, causing their leaves to brush against each other like a thousand whispering voices.  Echo turned sharply to her left, certain she’d heard Keebo emerging from a tree.  Instead, she screamed as he flew toward her from the sky, his dragonfly wings barely visible for their speed.  He dove at her, grabbing her wrists and forcing her to cross her arms so that the flats of her blades rested against her chest.  She fell back and Keebo pinned her to the ground.
A wave of emotion swept through Echo as Keebo smiled down at her.  But then, he smirked again and said, “You have to be ready for anything.  You’re too slow.”
Echo’s anger ignited. She growled as she pushed Keebo off her.  He leapt back, the annoying smirk still on his lips, as they both jumped to a stand.  Echo glared at him and said, “Try it again!”
With mischief gleaming in his eyes, Keebo grabbed a few more apples and then disappeared into a tree.  Echo stood ready, listening to the wind in the leaves and the thumping of her own determined heart.  She dared to close her eyes.  Every sound became clearer.  She singled out a turtle dove cooing, a grasshopper buzzing, and the wind.  She focused on the wind as it combed through the branches of the trees.  A soft thump sounded to her right.  She snapped her lids open and spun her blades around just in time to slice a flying apple.  It landed on the ground in two spinning halves.
“I did it!” Echo shouted, pleased with herself.  But another apple shot at her from a different direction, pelting her in the back.
“You let your guard down!”  Keebo sang.
He was so annoying.
Echo and Keebo played the apple game for nearly three hours.  By the end of the session, Echo was able to hear when her friend was emerging--that soft whispering sound followed by a small thump.  That was the sound of tree hopping. Her response time had improved greatly; she felt as quick as a rattle snake striking.  (She also sported more bruises than she cared to admit.) She’d sliced dozens of apples by the time they were done.  “What are we going to do with all of these?” she asked, looking at the mess of apple chunks cluttering the ground.  Her blades, hands and face were sticky with their juice.
“Let the deer and unicorns have them.  They love apples,” Keebo replied.  Echo knew he spoke truth.  She’d seen golden deer and shining young unicorns nibbling fallen apples beneath the trees many times.  “I know some other beautiful creatures that would like a few bites.”  She picked several of the apple chunks from the ground.  “The horses will love them, too,” she stated.
“You’ll have to do this again tomorrow, you know,” Keebo stated as they walked away from the canopy grove.  His face took on a more serious look.  “Only you’ll have to stop yourself from slicing the apples next time.”
Echo looked at him curiously.  “Stop?  Why would I do that?  I just got the hang of striking them.”
Keebo glanced at her.  “You’ll need to be able to stop your blades in case your target ends up being an ally--or Brecker.”
Echo hadn’t thought of that.  Her stomach churned as she envisioned her blades slicing through the air toward her brother’s face.
Keebo nudged her with his elbow.  “Hey, you’ve done it before, remember?  You avoided chopping my head off that one time.”  The memory of Keebo’s face that day wrung a giggle out of Echo.  “Your reflexes have always been great, Echo.  You have nothing to worry about.”
“My reflexes need to be better than great, though,” Echo said, becoming serious again.  She wouldn’t be able to live with herself if she harmed Brecker or any other innocent creature, even if it was accidental.
Silence stretched between the teens as they continued walking.  Echo’s mind was deep in shaded thoughts.  What was going to happen?  How could she be the one everyone was counting on to destroy Belzac?  How could she be the one her family was counting on to save Brecker?  Her mouth dried and her insides trembled just thinking about it all.  Still, she’d been the cause of this mess, she would do her best to try and fix things.
Keebo’s excited laughter brought Echo out of her thoughts.  She raised her head and stopped short in shock.  Four intimidating creatures--the wolfix--were bounding toward them with wings and tongues flapping.  And flying over them, her brilliant wings a blur of color as they buzzed faster than the speed of light, was Song.  Her companion, Jia, slithered gracefully through the air next to her.  A series of shrill neighs sounded and several of the horses, with Shimmer in the lead, trotted toward them all, following the fae and her friends.  Jia spun in mid-air and greeted the horses playfully.  The horses snorted and shook their manes, happy to see Jia.  Shimmer, whose coat shone like gold from her grooming, rose to the sky and proceeded to play and dance with the tiny dragon.
Echo dropped the apple bits and ran forward to hug her friend as the fae landed gracefully before them.  “Song! What are you doing here?” she asked.
As they parted Keebo approached, his eyes bright.  He and Song held up opposite hands and pressed their palms together, causing a soft glow between their fingers.  They smiled and then hugged, causing the slightest unexpected pang of jealousy to tickle Echo’s stomach.  She shook the feeling away and looked curiously at Song.
The fairy pulled away from Keebo and spoke, “You did not think I would let you fight without me, did you?  I only apologize that my friends and I took so long to get here.  The wolfix can fly, but only for very short distances.  We walked most of the way.”
Echo looked around, expecting the huge creatures to be lingering near them.  But they had passed her and Keebo and were munching on the apples Echo had dropped.  “They like apples?” she asked, surprised.
“Oh, yes.  Apples are very pleasing to them,” Song stated.
“Do they eat any meat?” Echo asked.  Somehow she couldn’t imagine the monstrous beasts staying so large by eating fruit.
“They do, but they also eat fruit, vegetables, and other vegetation.  They are well rounded creatures.”  Song turned to Keebo.  “It has been too long, friend.  You have grown since we saw each other last.”
“Likewise,” Keebo stated.  “We were both faelings when you and your family visited Ulway.  It was a long time ago.”
Jia and Shimmer returned to the group.  Shimmer landed near Echo while Jia played with the rest of the herd.  The horses squealed with delight, rearing and pawing at the dragon.  “Why is it that Jia and the horses seem so familiar with each other?” Echo asked.  “It’s almost like they’ve known each other their whole lives.”
“It is curious,” Song replied.  “Perhaps they have a natural connection, like you and Shimmer.  The two species may have been close friends in the past, when the Aleniah flew freely.”  Song smiled at Shimmer, her face radiantly peaceful.  Her long black hair stirred in the wind, wrapping around her colorful robe.  “She is magnificent!” 
Echo looked at her horse, feeling a mutual pride.  Her horse was magnificent, and Shimmer knew it.
“I heard that the crystal assisted in helping to reveal Shimmer’s wings,” Song said.
“Yes,” Echo replied.  “Turns out you were right--for whatever reason, the crystal is mine.” She thought of the painting on the story wall of the figure holding the crystal against the frightening shadow.  “I have to use it to try and stop Belzac,” she said quietly, unable to hide the dismay in her voice.
Song grasped Echo’s hand in a soft but firm grip.  Echo looked into her gentle, dark eyes.  “You will have friends to help you. You will not be alone.”
She squeezed her friend’s hand, thankful for her strong words and presence.  “Thanks,” she said, and they made their way into the streets of Thildin.
As they walked Song spoke again, “Dorian has told me when the battle will take place.”
Echo felt cold.  “Yeah, less than a week.  In complete darkness.”
“The wolfix will be helpful.  They can see any form of creature in the night.  And, if they cannot see them, they will smell or hear them.  Their senses are very strong.”
Glancing back, Echo caught a glimpse of the great creatures playing with each other as they ran toward the canopy trees.  At least they wouldn’t have to worry about what to do with the apples.  “Well, that is one good thing.  I mean, about the wolfix seeing shadow dwellers,” Echo said.  She wished the news would bring her more confidence.  In the end, if she couldn’t manage to forgive Belzac, none of that would make any difference.
Mari’s voice drew Echo’s attention toward the weapons storage building.  “Echo, over here!”  Echo and her companions turned toward Mari whose arms were draped with folds of shimmering cloth.  The cerulean blue color leapt out at Echo as she approached her sister.
“What do you have there?” Echo asked as her hand almost involuntarily reached toward the brilliant fabric.  It was smooth and soft, like her horse’s coat.
“This,” Mari said, “is your new riding outfit.”  She walked to a stone bench and spread the cloth across it so they could see it better.  A male fae emerged from the storage building carrying a set of boots and leggings.  He greeted Song with the same exuberance as Keebo had done earlier.  He and Song conversed cheerily as the fae absentmindedly handed Mari the footwear.
“You’ll have to try them on, of course.  But, well, what do you think?  I designed it!” Mari said breathlessly.  She flipped her hair back and looked expectantly at Echo.
The entire ensemble was breathtaking, even draped across stone.  The soft leather tunic was long--Echo was certain it would fall to her calves.  But it was split in four places.  “I designed it so the tunic could protect your legs, but split so that you could sit astride Shimmer easily.  Plus, it’ll look awesome!”
Echo could feel her sister’s intense stare.  She looked at Mari and raised an eyebrow.  “Would you like me to try it on?”
“Please,” Mari said as Echo scooped up the material and walked toward their elf home.
After slipping out of her sticky sparring clothes, Echo eased the short-sleeved tunic over a thin, white, long-sleeved shirt.  Yep, it was long—down to the tops of her calves.  And the slits went clear up to her hips.  Thankfully, a pair of matching blue leggings accompanied the tunic.  She slipped on the form-fitting pants, and then pulled the boots onto her feet.  A pair of boot tops went over these--white cotton cloth tied on by wide pieces of matching blue leather.  A set of arm bands were all that remained.  Echo slipped them over her forearms.  The leather bands reached from her elbows until they came to a point over the backs of her hands, acting as shields for her delicate skin.  Brown leather straps hung from the arm bands at Echo’s wrists.
“Mari!” Echo yelled, and her sister scurried into the room.  Mari squealed with delight when she saw Echo.
“Oh!  It’s just as I imagined it! I mean, I had imagined it green at first, to match your eyes, but I though you should match the sky, so I changed it to blue...”
“MARI!” Echo interrupted her sister.  “What am I supposed to do with these straps?”  She pointed to her wrists where the straps hung loosely.
“Oh, here.”  Mari grasped the thin leather in her hands and criss-crossed them up Echo’s arm, tying them off at her elbow to hold the arm bands firmly in place.  She repeated the exercise on the other arm and stood back to admire her work.  Smiling proudly, she asked, “Well, what do you think?”
Echo moved around, getting the feel of the fabric.  It was as light weight as all elf fabric--breathable and smooth to the touch.  She moved her arms around as if wielding her daggers.  The clothes didn’t deter her movements in any way.  “It’s nice, Mari.  It moves with me, like it’s a part of me.”
Proud tears started to form in Mari’s eyes before she blinked them away.  “I added this symbol here,” she pointed to Echo’s chest, just below her left collar bone.  A simple form of a creature in flight--a winged horse--was embroidered there.  Echo traced it with her fingers from her right hand.  Now the tears were threatening her eyes.
She looked at Mari, “Thank you, Mari.  It’s the most beautiful thing you’ve ever given me.”  They hugged for a long time.  Echo wanted Mari to know how much she appreciated her--just in case she didn’t get a chance later.  “I love you.” she mumbled into Mari’s shoulder.
“I love you, too.”
Echo wore Mari’s designer outfit every time she and Shimmer flew.  Two more days slipped by as they practiced fighting in the sky with her dad and Finear and also in the trees with Keebo and his apples.  She was beginning to hate apples.  Even more so, she was beginning to hate the coming of night.  She’d never been fond of it, but every night brought them closer to doomsday.  Even the elf song at sunset did little these days to comfort Echo.  The moon became thinner every night as if some giant, evil being were taking bites out of it.  Soon, it would be completely consumed, and it would be time for Echo to face her greatest fears.


Chapter 31
Tomorrow Night

The other main concern was the attitudes of the villagers.  Although scouts of every possible race had attempted to gain the villagers’ confidence and warn them of the upcoming battle, very few of them had listened--too few to be prepared to defend themselves or their homes.
A plan was formed, a very risky plan, for Echo and her dad to show themselves to the villagers with their winged steeds and explain again what was happening and what would be taking place in just a few nights’ time.  The villagers had been told about the resurfacing of the Kavalah, but since none of them remembered them in the first place, the news did little to sway them.  However, if they saw the winged creatures and their riders--people they’d known their entire lives--perhaps they’d have more faith.
So, with only two days left before Belzac’s attack, Dorian, Keebo, Mari, and Kiani accompanied Echo, her dad, and their two winged horses into Ulway.  Echo and her dad rode in the sky over their companions, keeping their eyes peeled in both the air and on the ground for any signs of danger.  Sunlight sparkled off of the river like diamonds.  They hadn’t heard from Cage for days.  Echo was beginning to worry he’d been punished by Belzac, or that he’d changed his mind and decided to fight with the shadow dwellers.
Echo shook the latter thought from her mind.  Cage wouldn’t betray them--he wanted his freedom too badly.
As they approached Ulway, Echo and her dad descended.  They didn’t want to scare anyone by swooping in from the air.  Landing lightly, the Aleniah and their riders walked behind the others into the village. Echo’s stomach flopped with nerves as the faces of the townspeople came into focus.  A small group had gathered near the village border.  As the travelers came closer, Echo could see that her grandfather and Jiggers were at the head of the pack.  They welcomed them all with open arms and warm smiles.
The rest of the small group came toward them eagerly--those that had been convinced that the elves were friendly and that they were there to help them fight off shadow dwellers.  Echo couldn’t help notice how few of them there were.
The crowd stopped short when they saw the winged horses and their riders.  Eyes widened and jaws dropped as the horses stretched out their wings, showing everyone their grandness.  A few people jumped when Finear flapped his wings, causing a snapping sound.  The people stood back, their expressions showing uncertainty.
“It’s okay, they won’t hurt you,” Echo said.  Shimmer arched her neck, her pride seeping through to Echo’s emotions.  The horses allowed the people to stroke them, to touch their feathered wings, to see that they weren’t an illusion, and that they weren’t fearsome.
“What is this?  More elf magic? How many times do we have to tell you all to clear out of here and stay out?” an angry voice yelled, drawing everyone’s attention to a larger crowd gathering inside the village.  The voice had come from a burly man with hair sprouting from the top of his shirt, which was unbuttoned to the middle of his chest.  He carried a bow, nocked with an arrow and ready to cause damage.  The crowd gathering behind him wore fearful, angry, guarded expressions.
Dorian stood in front of the Thildin companions and smiled serenely at the crowd.  “Please, stay your weapons.  We are not here to bring you harm, but help.  You are all in great danger from the doon, Belzac.  He will be attacking this and the other villages in two nights’ time.  Please, let us help you prepare to defend yourselves and your homes.”
“We’ve heard all this before.  What proof have you?” a strong, feminine voice called out.  Echo spotted the woman.  For such a powerful voice, she was a frail looking thing.  Her form was thin and wiry and she carried a small, pudgy child on her hip.  Four more children surrounded her, tugging on her clothes or playing with the dirt at her feet.
Echo’s dad nudged Finear forward until they stood next to Dorian.  All eyes rested on the great, winged stallion.  Only when Oran spoke did several villagers tear their eyes away from Finear.  “You all have seen what happened to my son.  It was no elf magic that took him.  We’ve lived with the elves for many years and have seen first-hand that anything that comes from them is good, not evil.  The elves long to save Brecker, and you all, if you will only listen.”
Oran’s voice had remained steady and calm.  But Echo noticed several faces in the crowd that seemed to get darker with his every word.  She shivered at their hardened expressions.  The man with the bow and arrow spoke again, his face more determined and rigid than before.  “If Belzac really is the reason for your son’s disappearance and for the disappearances of so many lately, then what hope do we have of victory?  How can we fight such a force?  Even,” he looked at Dorian with distrust and distaste, “elvish magic can’t hold back such darkness, surely?”
“We have the means to fend off the shadow dwellers if you will allow us to teach you,” Dorian stated calmly.
A few hopeful whispers sounded from the crowd.  The woman with the five children spoke again.  “What sort of means?  I don’t want any kind of hocus pocus spell placed on my kids.”  Echo noticed the woman wasn’t wearing one of Jiggers’ special necklaces.  She suddenly seemed a lot more respectable in Echo’s eyes.  This woman wasn’t easily fooled.
“Fire and light are the two greatest defenses against shadow dwellers,” Dorian replied.  “We have been making hundreds of torches that can be placed around and inside the villages to create light and heat.  Also, an herb can be taken before bed--and yes, it is safe for children as well as adults--that will stave off hags.  It will keep your dreams happy.” Dorian smiled at the children at the woman’s feet.  Their big eyes rested on Dorian as if they’d just noticed he was there.  Two of them smiled back at him.
“And what of this Belzac?  If he is of ancient times, won’t he be the most powerful?  What plans do you have to defeat him?  More torches?”  A few chuckles followed the bow-man’s questions.  He was beginning to grind on Echo’s nerves--in more ways than one.  He was stirring the crowd in the direction of doubt, and he had mentioned the one thing Echo didn’t want to have to think about--the moment she’d have to face Belzac.
Attempting to keep her hand from shaking, Echo pulled the Sun’s Heart from her pocket.  She and Shimmer moved to the front of the travelers and faced the villagers.  She swallowed the lump of fear in her throat as she absorbed encouraging images from Shimmer.  She held the crystal above her head so that everyone could see it.  With a voice stronger than what she’d expected, she quickly told the villagers about Azura, the doon war of 3,000 years ago, how the Aleniah and Kavalah had been hidden, and how they had been revealed.  Taking a deep breath, she finished by saying, “And this crystal, the Sun’s Heart, the heart of Azura’s crystal sword, will help us defeat Belzac with a powerful burst of light.”  A rush of excitement mixed with fear washed through Echo as many in the crowd murmured and looked at her with new hope and expectation.  She lowered her hand, gripping the crystal until it dug into her palm.  What if I let them all down?  She suddenly wished she hadn’t gotten into the whole story.
But, the crowd was looking more hopeful, and that was what they had come for. However, Echo’s anger was ignited as the bow-man once again shouted, “More elf magic!  How do we know that crystal won’t bring the shadow dwellers out?  What if it’s some sort of portal and once it’s activated, there will be no stopping an army of shadow dwellers from pouring in on us?”
One thing was certain, the man had imagination.  Unfortunately, most of the superstitious crowd was falling into his delusions. Arguing erupted as those that believed the elves to be good fought with those that believed them to be evil.  Echo and her party stood and watched in dismay.  “What are we going to do?” Echo asked Dorian.  The chaos made her feel utterly hopeless.
Before Dorian could respond, however, a familiar, commanding voice shouted above the crowd.  The silence that voice produced was deafening.  Echo gripped Shimmer’s mane and gasped as all eyes turned to the thin, pale figure of Moodey Muckerson as he climbed onto his straw platform.  His scarecrow-like features had intensified, his face more sunken and his frame bent as if he carried a heavy load.
“I know in the past, I have said many things against the elves.” Moodey’s voice crackled, as if his emotions were about to get the best of him.  “But I was wrong!” A lot of gasping and murmuring followed this statement.  Moodey ignored the crowd and continued, “I was fooled, misled by this doon, Belzac.” Echo was satisfied to see some of the non-believers, including the bow-man, as their faces drained of color with the realization that the elves hadn’t been lying to them.  “I believed that he was someone great, someone that would bring our villages to better times.  I believed he would keep our children safe and defend us against the darkness.”  Moodey’s face scrunched up for a moment before he took a deep breath and continued, “But I was an idiot!  Belzac is the darkness!  He is the one who has taken so many of our loved ones.  He is the one who stole my child.”  Moodey’s voice broke and tears flowed without hindrance.  “He is the one who ordered my wife murdered!”
Gasps rippled through the crowd like a wave, and Moodey sobbed openly in front of everyone.  Echo felt her own tears surface as she thought of Brecker killing Moodey’s wife.  She hoped Moodey wouldn’t mention her brother’s name.
Echo could tell that Moodey was sincere this time. Sincere and broken.  He seemed so frail that Echo’s heart went out to him.  He sobbed for a few horrid moments as the crowd murmured.  Several were wiping tears from their eyes as they watched Moodey.  He seemed to get a hold of himself and straightened his form.  Looking to the people before him, he said with a firm, determined voice, “Belzac must be stopped!  And if the elves and these wing-riders say they have a way to do that, then I say we help them!”
Most of the crowd cheered, ready to follow their fallen--and re-risen--leader.  People are so fickle!  Echo thought.  How easily they’d been swayed in their opinions.  Still, she wasn’t about to complain.  Finally, the villagers were willing and ready to receive instruction from the elves.  There was hope.
As the people swarmed around them and Moodey, Echo’s eye caught the movement of a smaller group of people breaking away from the crowd.  Those people looked at them with hate in their eyes.  They had not been convinced.  Those would be the ones still in the greatest danger, and would be the greatest danger to the others.
A hand touched Echo’s, drawing her attention to the figure it was attached to.  Dorian looked up at her, his eyes sparkling.  “You did well, Echo.  And try not to worry about those whose hearts were not swayed.  We will instruct these people,” he made a sweeping gesture toward the crowd around them, “how to handle those of their friends, neighbors, and family who may be more susceptible to the shadow dwellers. They may try to fight us, but we will harm as few of them as possible.”
Echo nodded, though she felt no comfort from Dorian’s assurances.  One person harmed was one too many.  She focused her attention toward the straw platform before her thoughts could dive into terrifying visions.  Keebo and Jiggers had climbed onto the straw bales with Moodey and, after comforting the old man, they addressed the crowd.  With some help from Dorian’s magic, the two fae revealed themselves for who they really were.  The villagers were ecstatic--fae are good luck!  The two fae had to hover over the crowd momentarily to keep from having their hair and clothing torn from them for charms. The crowd eventually calmed after it was explained that Keebo and Jiggers could bring no more luck than a pile of horse dung.
The revelation of Keebo and Jiggers’ identities brought even more hope to those that had embraced it. They reveled in watching the fae produce bursts of flames from their bare hands.  That is, until Keebo accidentally set the straw bales aflame.  A few confused seconds followed by some organized chaos found the bales black and smoldering after being dowsed with water.  Keebo looked bashfully at Echo, his pointed ear-tips as red as the flames he’d produced.  She shook her head at him, unable to keep the smile from tugging at her mouth as he shrugged at his folly.
The next two days were alive with activity.  The elves and the fae kept busy instructing the villagers as best they could on how to defend themselves from the doons and other shadow dwellers.  Staying together and staying close to light and heat were the main methods of defense.  But they would, undoubtedly, have to fight solid beings as well, even some of their own people.  Weapons were distributed and instructions given on how to fight without killing.  They wanted to shed as little blood as possible.
Meadow fae arrived to lend their assistance.  Echo marveled that these fairies could transform size at will--one minute they were human size, the next as small as butterflies.  The fairies brought tales of Ayden Green’s defeat of Degus.  Echo was mesmerized as they wove a romantic thriller of betrayal, death, and love.  In the end, Ayden’s love for a siren--and her love for him--had helped him overcome the evil sorceress. The pureness of the siren’s voice combined with Ayden’s bravery had defeated Degus.  It was a magical, breath-taking story.
But stories are always more amazing when they aren’t happening to you.  Echo doubted her own tale would be so glamorous.
Echo and Shimmer trained harder than ever.  It didn’t seem as though she could ever get good enough, even though everyone had told her she was now as sharp and talented as any elf.  Fear dominated her emotions.  Fear, dread, and doubt.  She still didn’t think she’d forgiven Belzac, especially after seeing and hearing Moodey.  How could she forgive that Belzac had ordered Brecker to kill that man’s wife?  That one act alone had hurt so many.  And yet, without Moodey’s speech, the villagers may not have gotten the help they needed to defend themselves.  And without Mavel’s death, Moodey would have never given that speech.
Echo stood next to Shimmer in dim light of dusk.  Only a tiny sliver of moon was left in the sky, reminding her that tomorrow night no moon would exist at all.  A memory of one of Dorian’s lessons from what seemed ages ago resounded in her mind; “Can you stop the moon, even though you know it will reach a time of darkness?”  She could feel the darkness pressing against her insides.
Tomorrow night.
Echo buried her face in Shimmer’s mane as her sanity threatened to leave her.  I’m not ready for this!


Chapter 32
Final Moments

Why is it that when something dreaded is coming, time seems to fly faster than a winged horse?  And yet, for Echo time also seemed to creep slower than a snail on a hot day.  The combination was driving her to madness!  She wanted time to stop so she’d never have to face Belzac.  And she wanted it to fly, so that the battle could be over.  Her insides churned.  Even the sight or smell of food made her nauseous.
The fact that Cage still had not made any sort of contact did nothing to ease Echo’s mind.  Dorian attempted to convince her that the wraith would be there to assist them, but her frazzled mind and nerves weren’t willing to accept the elf’s words.  She spent several hours alone with Shimmer, practicing lighting the crystal until it shone with a blinding light.  She had to really concentrate, to think of all the love she felt for everyone she knew.  It wasn’t enough, though.  That shadow of doubt, caused by her own bitterness, still left a dark spot where Belzac could escape.
Come on, Echo, just let it go!  She struggled with herself, trying to see things from every angle, to understand why things had happened the way they had and that she could forgive Belzac for his evil ways.  But the more she tried to let it go, the more her heart and mind wrapped a dark veil around it, keeping it trapped inside.
Shaking her head with frustration, Echo walked toward the canopy trees.  Thildin was buzzing like a disturbed wasp hive.  Every few steps, someone would give her encouraging advice, a concerned look, or offer to feed her.  She tried her best to be polite, but what she really wanted was to be left alone.
She wasn’t allowed her wish, however, as her family and friends constantly surrounded her.  Even at the canopy trees, Song and her giant friends greeted her.  “Hello, Echo.  Hello, Shimmer,” Song greeted them each in turn.  The fae wore her leather outfit once again, her robe no doubt neatly folded and hidden in some tree.  The wolfix released thunderous barks as Echo approached.  She was very glad the beasts were on their side! Jia was perched as still as a statue on a low branch, her bead-like eyes watching them.
“Hello, Song,” Echo answered.  She tried to muster a smile, but her mouth felt too heavy. Song placed her hands on Echo’s shoulders, giving a smile big and warm enough for them both.  Her dark eyes carried the reflection of the sun on their surfaces.  “I have faith in you and Shimmer, Echo.  I feel strongly that we will be victorious tonight.”
If Echo could have a speck of gold for every time she’d heard that today...  “Thanks, Song.”
“We have not known each other long.  But what I have seen in you is greatness.  Do not doubt that, my friend.  You have been given beautiful gifts,” Song said.
More familiar words.  They didn’t mean much when the recipient couldn’t believe them.  Echo forced her lips to curl up a little and nodded as the ‘if only’ sentences started taunting her mind.  She shook them away before they could sink their teeth too deeply into her thoughts.
Song and her wolfix took their leave.  The giant wolves bounded happily after the fairy as if the world was a peaceful place.  Echo couldn’t blame them.  If it weren’t for the heavy foreboding that hovered over her like a dark cloud, she would’ve enjoyed the clear, sunshine-filled day.
Late in the afternoon, Echo’s mom forced her to take a hot bath.  Echo didn’t really feel like bathing.  What was the point?  But, after seeing the strain in her mother’s face, she decided she’d tolerate it for her mother’s sake.
The water did feel soothing.  Luxurious scents rose with the steam, melting the knots in her muscles and stomach.  She soaked until the water became tepid. After wrapping herself in a soft robe, she wandered into the front room of their elf home.  Her mother motioned for her to sit.
Echo sat heavily on a wooden chair.  Kiani approached from behind and proceeded to comb through Echo’s hair.  With soft, long, strokes, she pulled through the tangles.
Echo closed her eyes.  The motion was as relaxing to her as the bath had been.  But it also brought the sting of tears--her mom hadn’t combed her hair like this since she was little.  She felt the familiar, rhythmic tug as her mother re-braided her long, thick hair.  Kiani’s voice was soft when she spoke, “I’ve always loved your hair.  It has the warmth of the earth highlighted by the sun’s gold.  So beautiful.”
More tears stung Echo’s eyes, but she forced them back, not wanting to upset her mother.  She whispered a “Thank you.”
Mari entered, carrying Echo’s freshly laundered riding clothes.  Kiani finished the braid and they all shuffled to the back room.  After Echo disrobed, Kiani sprinkled rose water over her skin and hair.  Echo had to stifle a shiver as the thought of being embalmed skipped across her mind.
Mari helped with the riding outfit.  No one spoke.  Echo was afraid to look into either her sister’s or mother’s eyes for fear she would burst into tears.  Mari made a slow performance of tying the armbands in place.  She then touched the flying horse symbol over Echo’s heart.  The sisters finally looked into each other’s eyes.  Mari’s were shining with tears, but she put on a confident smile for Echo.  “You are the bravest person I have ever known.  I am so proud that you are my sister.  I love you.”
Echo’s throat tightened, constricting any speech. So she simply hugged Mari until her sister squeaked, “Echo, I can’t breathe!”
They pulled apart, giggling nervously, and then Mari gave Echo’s hand one last squeeze before she left the room.
Echo turned to her mother.  Kiani stood stoically, her eyes shining at her daughter.  “She’s right, you know.  You are the bravest of any of us.  I am so proud of you.  No matter what happens, remember our love for you.  Let it carry you through this night!” She embraced Echo fiercely and Echo could no longer hold back the tide of tears.  Mother and daughter cried for one another, for Brecker, and for all those about to risk their lives to save their families and their homes.
When they parted, they both wiped their faces and Kiani spoke, “I want you to have something.” She walked into the front room with Echo following curiously behind.  Her mother took a box from one of the drawers of the china cabinet and placed it on the table.  Gently, she opened the lid and tenderly lifted a small object from within.  She held it out to Echo.
Resting on the palm of her mother’s hand was a small medallion.  A thin form of gold created the image of a flying creature--the same symbol that Mari had sewn on Echo’s riding tunic.  A circle of silver surrounded the flying horse. She gaped at her mother’s smiling face.  “It’s the same symbol,” Echo stated as she subconsciously touched the horse on her chest.
“I know.  I showed it to Mari earlier.  She wanted to put something special on the tunic for you.  This medallion belonged to your uncle.  Like you, he often dreamed of dragons and flying.  I always thought the symbol looked more like a horse, but I never told him so.  Anyway, I’ve put a chain through the circle so you can wear it as a necklace if you like.”
Kiani pulled on the thin silver chain and dangled the medallion in front of Echo.  “Can you help me?” Echo asked, then turned and lifted her braid out of the way so her mom could clasp the chain at the nape of Echo’s neck.  Then, she turned and held the medallion for them both to see.  Echo turned it in the light, causing the gold to flash just so that the wings appeared to move.  “Thank you, Mom.” They hugged again before Echo tucked the necklace under her shirt so she could feel the coolness of the metal against her skin.
After Kiani helped Echo strap her daggers on, they walked out of the house into the fading day.  “I have to go help the others now, Echo.  If you need me, I’ll be at the library or the weapons storage, okay?”  Echo nodded, allowed her mother to give her one final squeeze, and then watched Kiani’s form disappear into the crowd.  She prayed that it wouldn’t be the last time she saw her mother.
Shimmer nudged her back, blowing her warm breath against Echo’s tunic.  “Hi, there.  Did you say goodbye to your mom, too?”  Shimmer just nudged her again.  Echo could feel that her horse was being a lot more optimistic than she was.  “Sorry, Shimmer.  I’ll try to see things in a better light.  It’s just really hard to right now.”  Hard was an understatement.  But Echo didn’t want to bring Shimmer’s spirits down, so she busied herself with putting on Shimmer’s saddle and checking that all the straps were secure.
She was re-checking the saddle for the hundredth time when her dad approached with Finear following regally behind.  Oran’s closed-lipped smile betrayed his worry.  At the sight of her dad, Echo nearly lost herself again as emotions wrestled with her insides.  Without a word, they hugged.  Echo rubbed her cheek against her dad’s solid shoulder, allowing his strength to give her a small bit of comfort.
“I’m scared,” she whispered.
Oran gave a half-hearted chuckle.  “You and every other being in Thildin Valley, Echo.  Including me,” he said.  “However, we have to do what we have to do, for Brecker and for everyone.  Now is the time for courage, Echo.  And, strangely enough, fear is just the thing to spur courage.”
Echo felt anything but courageous.  A thought of running to the badlands and hiding until the battle was over raced through her mind.  Finear and Shimmer nuzzled each other and Echo felt their strength.  They weren’t cowering away from the coming battle like she was.  They were facing it head on.
Oran and Echo parted as she attempted to keep her limbs from shaking.  The sun was hovering just above the western horizon, ready to abandon them to a moonless night.  “I think there is one more person you should see before we begin this fight.  He’s been waiting for you,” Oran said as he gestured with his head toward the canopy trees.  “I’ll meet you back here just after sunset.  Dorian will be giving final instructions.” He gave Echo an encouraging pat on the shoulder and turned with Finear to converse with some meadow fae.
Echo took a deep breath and, with Shimmer keeping close enough to be attached, headed once again to the canopy trees.  Even though Echo expected Keebo to be waiting for her there, her breath still caught in her throat when she saw him.  He was dressed in battle attire--caramel colored leather tunic and britches that highlighted his hair.  A quiver holding a bow and arrows was tucked neatly between his shoulder blades--between his wings.  He stood with his forehead pressed against one of the canopy’s spongy trunks as he caressed the soft bark.  He was whispering something quietly.  As Echo stepped closer, Keebo abruptly stopped talking to the tree and jerked his head in her direction.
Echo gulped and said a bashful hello.  With two giant strides, Keebo was five inches in front of her.  They looked into each other’s eyes for a long while and then they hugged each other as if it would be the last chance they would ever have to hug.  Echo tucked her hands under Keebo’s wings.  They felt a lot stronger than they looked.  She allowed her thoughts to trail to all their times together.  They’d known each other their whole lives--best friends from the beginning.  Echo was thankful that woodland fae aged at the same rate as humans.  Otherwise, they may not have been so close.
As they began to finally part, Echo meant only to put her nose close to Keebo’s neck and breathe in his pine scent one last time.  She wanted that smell to stay with her all night, to remind her she wasn’t alone.  But as she moved, her lips accidentally brushed against Keebo’s earlobe.  They both froze, uncertain of what to do.  Flooded with emotion, Echo continued to trail her lips lightly across Keebo’s cheek, stopping as her mouth came a hair’s width over his.
Echo found herself suddenly kissing Keebo.  She momentarily forgot the upcoming battle, forgot her fears, forgot Belzac and his evil, forgot the growing darkness.  Keebo wrapped his arms around her as he returned her kiss.  Echo felt as if he’d lifted her on the strength of his wings and they were flying into a bright, glorious sky.  It was a beauty so pure that tears escaped from Echo’s closed eyes and trailed down her cheeks.
The couple reluctantly parted and gazed into each other’s eyes again, lost in that small, precious moment.
Keebo’s eyes became a little more clouded as the cruelness of reality grasped them both again.  He traced her jaw line with his thumb, sending goose bumps down her neck.  “Please promise you’ll come back to me.  When this is all over, just come back to me,” he pleaded.
Echo’s mind swirled as a million scenarios of how the night would unfurl assaulted her thoughts.  None of them ended happily.  She forced an awkward smile and said, “I will if you will!”  What a stupid thing to say!  She scolded herself for destroying the moment.
However, Keebo wasn not daunted.  He simply answered, “It’s a deal.”
A horn blasted from somewhere near the center of Thildin, causing the teens to jump.  “I have to go.  It’s time for the woodland fae to help light the torches,” Keebo said.  With pride in his voice, he told Echo, “The villagers call us ‘fire fairies’.  Isn’t that amazing?”
Echo grinned, glad for the lighter mood change.  “It is amazing.  I’ll see you soon,” she added out of habit.
Keebo pointed at her as he began to walk away, “I’ll hold you to that promise.  Oh!  I almost forgot,” he came back to her, pulling something from his pocket as he walked.  At first, Echo thought he was holding several small apples, but the light coming from the objects quickly dispelled that idea.  Keebo opened his palm, revealing several small, clear orbs.  They reminded Echo of the water-droplet magnifying glasses in Jiggers’ shop.  Only these orbs each carried a tiny flame in their center.  “They were meant to be lights for decoration or for reading at night.  But Dad and I have been experimenting with them.  If you throw them hard against any object--including people or, in our case, doons--they burst open with a big blast of flames.  But they won’t break easily in your pocket or anything,” he added quickly at Echo’s concerned expression.  He handed them to her and held his hand over hers for a moment.  Then, he turned and jogged away, leaving Echo feeling lonelier than ever.
“Let’s go, Shimmer.  We’d better find Dorian.”  Echo admired the magical orbs for a moment and then placed them carefully in the opposite pocket that held the crystal before beginning her trek back into the heart of Thildin.  Her legs felt like bricks made of jelly--heavy and wobbly.  She had to get a hold of her nerves or this was going to be a long, horrible night.


Chapter 33
The Battle Begins

The elves stopped and sang as the sun disappeared behind the horizon, leaving streaks of orange and pink across the sky.  Their voices were haunting tonight and Echo had to stifle a shiver.  Still, the sunset was so beautiful.  If only she could just fly away, disappear into that great expanse of colorful sky…
After the elf song ended, Echo and Shimmer made their way into the village.  Dorian and Echo’s dad, with Finear, waited for them near one of the stone fountains.  Echo and Shimmer approached, each attempting to give the other the courage to face the night.  As usual, Dorian carried a bright smile, casting away some of the gloom.  How can he be so happy? Echo wondered, nearly becoming annoyed with her elf instructor.
“Echo, Shimmer, you have arrived at just the right moment.  The torches are being lit as we speak.  The children from the villages are nearly all here,” Dorian gestured with his hands toward a long line of children walking through the city.  How could she have not notice them before?  Their little faces gaped in awe at the elf city, the elves, the fae, and finally, at her, Oran, and the two winged horses.  A young girl, maybe seven or eight, smiled admiringly at Echo.  Her brown eyes shined with hope and wonder.  She reminded Echo of herself the day she’d seen Ayden Green capture the dead sorcerer in Ulway.  She returned the girl’s smile, hoping she had given even a small dose of the encouragement Ayden had once given her.  She wished he was there to help her fight tonight.  If he’d defeated the greatest sorceress of their time, certainly he could defeat a doon. But that wasn’t going to happen.
Dorian’s voice commanded her attention again, “Although the shield is still intact, all the children will take the herbs to fend off bad dreams.  The hags shouldn’t be able to penetrate the shield, but it is always wise to take precautions.”  He turned and looked at Echo a little more seriously.  Placing a strong hand on her shoulder he said in a gentle but firm voice, “Remember, Echo, the weapons you carry will not determine the outcome of this battle.  What lies within your heart will be the deciding factor.  Let go of all darkness and you will be victorious.”
Echo slid her hand into her pocket and clenched the crystal in her fist.  How could she tell Dorian a dark spot still remained in her heart?  And yet, she had a feeling he somehow knew.  She just nodded, unable to speak.  Dorian gave her one last squeeze on the shoulder before he gave them all his attention.  “Start out together.  You will have a better chance with Brecker if there are two of you and only one of him. However, there will come a time when you will have to separate.  The villagers will need eyes and ears in the sky.  We have placed a wolfix on the outskirts of each village, and one patrolling the valley.  They will give us warning when the shadow dwellers arrive.  Now, as far as we know only doons, hags, and water wraiths will be fighting with the opposition.”
Echo could barely breath as she asked, “What happens if Cage shows up? How will the villagers know not to attack him?”
Dorian raised a hand to quiet her.  “We foresaw this dilemma as well.  Jiggers gave Cage a hundred or more of his necklaces last time Cage was nearby.  I believe it was when you were trekking up the Dragon’s Tooth.  We placed a spell on them so that they would glow with a cool light.  The villagers have all been told not to attack the wraiths bearing the glowing necklaces.”
Echo bit her lip, still uneasy.  No one had heard from Cage.  Dorian spoke again, “Do not fret over Cage, Echo.  He will assist us, I have no doubt.  Keep your mind focused on the task ahead.”
The sky was black now.  Torches blazed throughout the city, their light dancing across everyone’s faces.  “When do you expect the shadow dwellers to arrive?” Oran asked.
Dorian answered, “We have no way of knowing for certain.  I don’t expect them to wait.”
As if to confirm Dorian’s words, a haunting howl pierced through the air--one of the wolfix.  Song zipped toward them, her wings buzzing furiously.  “It is time!  The doons have arrived.  Ready yourselves for battle!”  The fairy’s powerful voice sent chills through Echo.  She and her dad mounted as Thildin erupted in a flurry of activity.  As horses and riders rose to the black veil of sky, shouts of battle from below trailed away.  The cold air helped clear Echo’s mind.  She and Shimmer made the deepest connection, their senses at full alert.  The power of Shimmer’s wings and the energy of her flight gave Echo strength.  She breathed a little more easily with every thump of her horse’s mighty wings.
Oran and Finear were close, but Echo had to mostly rely on the sound of Finear’s wings as she could barely make out their forms in the dark sky.  As they flew over Thildin Valley, Echo looked below.  She drew in her breath at the beauty of what she saw.  Thousands of torches had been lit in and between each of the villages.  A double curved line of fire connected them all--a line to guard the front of the villages and one to guard the back.  Thildin glowed brightly behind them, shaped like a lopsided star.  The entire picture looked like a giant, flaming hoof-print.  Echo wondered how many doons crept in the darkness outside--and inside--that print.  Then, a thought passed over her mind, something from Azura’s story scroll.  They fought over the land of the star and crescent moon.  Maybe it wasn’t a hoof print, but a star and crescent moon.
“Echo! Behind us!” Oran’s booming voice caused Echo’s stomach to lurch.  Shimmer tensed as Finear sent out a challenging whistle.  The thumping sound of a third set if wings approached from behind them as a chill ran up Echo’s spine. Her heart threatened to leap through her ribs.  Brecker had found them already!
Midnight Sun returned his sire’s challenge as he and his master bore down on Echo and Shimmer.  With a whisper of thought, Echo and Shimmer changed their course.  Veering sharply away from her dad and Finear, they dove toward the flaming hoof print.  The glow from the flames illuminated horses and riders. The tingling in Echo’s spine told her that Brecker was still in pursuit.  Shimmer rose, tilted, and spun in attempt to shake their brothers. Brecker and Midnight Sun clung to their every move.
Suddenly, Oran and Finear attacked Brecker from the side.  Oran swung his sword toward Midnight’s left wing.  Brecker’s lighting fast reflexes allowed him to catch his father’s blade with his own--the elvish sword given to him at his Becoming. The silver blade reflected the fiery light from below, giving it a blood-red look.  Sparks flew from between the blades as they struck.  Brecker’s strength was greater, and Oran was pushed back against Finear’s back from the force of the impact.
The opponents pulled away as their steeds circled around for another jousting match in the sky.  Echo urged Shimmer toward them; she feared that Brecker’s strength would be too much for their dad.  She had to stop this!
Fathers and sons raced toward one another in the eerie light.  Echo drew her daggers and then laid herself against Shimmer, giving her horse less wind resistance.  Shimmer’s speed increased, nearly taking Echo’s breath away.  Even so, they were a little too late.  Brecker and their dad swung their blades again and, this time, they both made contact.  Oran’s blade sliced across Brecker’s arm and Brecker’s blade struck his father’s thigh.  Both men growled in pain.  Echo screamed and urged Shimmer to pursue Brecker as her brother pulled away from their dad.
She didn’t know how, but she had to get Brecker to the ground.  Her reflexes were a lot faster since they’d last dueled.  If she could disarm him…
Brecker and his steed swooped toward Thildin Valley with Echo and Shimmer following closely.  Echo briefly hoped that Brecker would land on his own accord.  But as they approached the ground, a chill swept over her like none she’d ever experienced.  In the flickering light of the torches, hundreds of moving shadows slithered toward the villagers of Ulway like black worms over a corpse.  Screams from the people rang in Echo’s ears, followed by the fearless shouts of the elves as they spurred the villagers to stand their ground.  An overwhelming sense of fear and dread took over Echo’s emotions and she lost track of Brecker.
Ulway’s fires burned bright. It was safe, for now.
Shimmer rose sharply away from the horrific scene.  The horse penetrated Echo’s mind with a stern reminder that they had their own battle to worry about at the moment.  Brecker had lured them to that spot on purpose--a distracting move that had served its purpose.
Oran found them several minutes later circling higher over the village.  He shouted above the wind in Echo’s ears, “I think we’ve lost him for now.  Or he’s lost us.  Either way, now would be a good time for us to patrol the area.”  Shimmer and Finear strained to keep in a hovering position.  Echo’s dad continued quickly, “I’ll head north, you go south.  If any torches have gone out or if you see any areas overrun by shadows, call for help or use the orbs.”
Echo nodded, choking back a lump of fear.  She and her dad parted, each flying a different direction.  Her dad’s cut had been bleeding--his pant leg was soaked.  But she could do little to help.  She was glad the elves had insisted they each carry a few drops of curatree sap. Perhaps her dad would use his to heal his leg.
Shimmer rested on a current as they circled toward the south.  The blazing torches of Silmah came closer, the light dancing eerily on the Wyrna river behind the village.  Echo thought briefly of Cage, but he vanished from her mind as several torches on the northern end of the village suddenly went dark.  A series of screams and battle cries rose through the air toward her.
With her heart pounding in her throat, Echo directed Shimmer to arrow toward the spot.  The horse tucked her wings and dove, bringing them to the spot in a matter of seconds.  Several doons were overpowering the dark area as the villagers attempted to fend them off with hand-held torches.  The shadows flinched at the flames, but seemed determined to come forward.  One reached out so quickly, its victim had no chance of escape--the woman’s hand was clasped in that horrific hand shake with the doon!
The overpowering memory of Brecker shaking hands with Belzac momentarily blurred Echo’s vision.  Her horror turned to rage and she replaced her daggers and grabbed an orb from her pocket.  She was about to throw it when Shimmer released a sharp image of the blast taking not only the doon, but the woman as well.
Echo gasped and quickly threw the orb toward the doused torches instead, re-igniting them in a blast of fire.  The shadows screamed and fell back, but several of them remained trapped inside the wall of fire, including the one still holding that poor woman in a deadly hand shake.
As Shimmer circled back around, Echo took the Sun’s heart from her other pocket and stretched her hand forward.  She focused on the woman and thought of the last hours she’d spent with her friends and family.  Sorrow and pain shot through her, but they carried a greater emotion with them--the love she had felt during those final moments.  The crystal erupted into a blaze of piercing, white light, illuminating the entire area like lightening.  The doons inside the flaming barrier screamed as their forms tore apart like fabric and then disappeared.  Echo and Shimmer landed quickly as the crystal lost its light.  Echo released the straps from her legs and dismounted.  She found the woman who’d been victim to the doon’s handshake curled on the ground and shaking.  Echo, along with several others, rushed to her side.  Two young men helped the woman to sit as Echo grasped her icy, trembling hand.
“Are you okay?” she asked, looking into the woman’s terrified eyes.  The woman stared back at her for the longest time.  Then the fear seemed to subside and the woman suddenly lunged forward and locked Echo in a bear hug.
“Thank you!  Thank you!” she sobbed against Echo’s shoulder.  Echo didn’t know what to do or say.  She hugged the woman, and then gently pulled away.
“Can you continue?” she asked.  The poor thing had gone through such a horror, she was ready to fly her back to Thildin.
A flame grew in the woman’s eyes.  “I will continue.  I will not allow those demons to touch another living soul, even if it takes my life to stop them!”
The surrounding crowd looked at her with wonder as they helped the trembling woman to stand.  Echo nodded to her, handed her an orb, and instructed her how to use it.  Then, she and Shimmer took their leave.  From the sky, they made certain the wall of fire was still burning.  Villagers, elves, and fae were keeping the doons at bay for now.  And, Echo doubted any hags could do much damage--no one was sleeping.
No sooner had that thought crossed her mind than a fog slithered from the river toward the village. Hags carried themselves on the mist, but this fog moved differently than with those shadow dwellers.  Was it Cage and the water wraiths? Echo’s stomach leapt with excitement.  She brought Shimmer back down, hoping to catch a glimpse of her friend.  But her smile fell from her face as the fog kept its form and moved purposefully toward the torches.  One by one, the living vapors wrapped themselves around each torch, dowsing their flames.  It definitely wasn’t friendly fog.  But it couldn’t be hags. Hags were afraid of light.
The torches burst back into flame as the woman used the orb that Echo had given her.  The fog pressed in again.  Echo drove Shimmer closer still, the orbs and crystal clutched in her hands.  As they approached, the fog took ghostly forms.  They were water wraiths, but not the ones Echo had hoped to see. None of them wore Jiggers’ glowing necklaces.  The wraiths kept  their distance, but they were able to command the mist, making it stretch from their hands and coil around the torches.  Some were extending their misty ribbons to the people, pulling them into their spells.
Several elves came to the aid of the humans that were being lured toward the water.  Using their magic, the elves sent flames from the remaining torches across the ghostly arms of mist, severing the connections.  Echo threw an orb in the center of the pack of wraiths.  Her insides cringed at their anguished cries as several of them vanished in pillars of steam.  Their deaths weren’t bloody, but they were just as painful and horrifying.
More wraiths emerged from the river and Echo was about to turn Shimmer toward them.  She held another orb ready.  She had to stop them before they could reach the villagers with their misty extensions.
 The sound of flapping wings caught Echo’s attention.  She twisted in her saddle and looked behind her.  Brecker and Midnight Sun bore down on them from the blackness.  Her brother’s face was demonic looking with the red glow from the fires reflecting off his pale skin.  Echo swallowed her scream as she and Shimmer darted away in time to avoid Brecker’s blade. The villagers and elves would have to fend for themselves for now.
Shimmer rose higher into the sky, desperate to put distance between her and Midnight Sun.  Echo shared her horse’s desire.  Brecker was terrifying!  Shimmer reached a peak, bucked in the air, and began her arrow dive.  Echo hugged her horse with her body, squinting to keep the wind from drying her eyes.  Shimmer suddenly pulled out of her dive and rose high into the air again.  Midnight Sun and Brecker appeared out of the darkness and slammed into Echo and Shimmer.  The release strap caught on Brecker’s saddle and Echo’s right leg broke free from the saddle straps.  She was flung to Shimmer’s left side as her left leg twisted painfully.  Shimmer squealed as her body was thrown off balance by Echo’s weight.  The horse flapped her wings furiously, attempting to right herself before she flipped upside down.
Echo strained as she thrust her daggers into their sheath and then grasped frantically at the saddle in attempt to pull herself onto Shimmer’s back.  The touch of a leather strap brushed against Echo’s hand and she grasped onto it with desperation.  In the darkness and with her frenzied mind a blur, she didn’t realize she’d grabbed the other release strap.  Her heart gave one horrified pulse and then stilled for two beats as she fell away from her horse.
Shimmer’s body rose quickly away from Echo.  In the darkness, she almost felt as if she were floating.  The wind blasting against her body told her otherwise.  Shimmer spun in the air and began an arrow-dive, desperately trying to catch Echo before she reached the unrelenting earth.  Echo flipped over and watched with horror as the river below, its surface reflecting the dwindling firelight of Silmah’s torches, rose toward her all too rapidly.  Shimmer’s frantic thoughts touched Echo--Midnight Sun was attacking again.  Shimmer couldn’t reach her in time!
This is it! I’m going to die!  Echo thought as all hope plummeted with her through the blackened sky.


Chapter 34
Sibling Rivalry

Echo flailed her arms and legs wildly, as if she could somehow keep herself airborne.  The flaps of her tunic billowed behind her, snapping in the wind.
Large droplets of water formed and clung to her arms and body.  They seemed to grow as more droplets congealed with the first.  Within seconds, a giant bubble of water had formed beneath Echo’s entire body.  A strange, watery whisper sounded in her ear, “Take a deep breath NOW!”
Taking a deep breath while plunging toward her death seemed an impossible task.  Echo somehow managed to fill her lungs just before slamming into the river.  The huge watery bubble absorbed the shock of the impact, saving Echo’s body from breaking into a million pieces.  The bubble dissolved into a shower of droplets again, melding with the surrounding water.  Instinctively, Echo thrust herself toward the surface and toward air as she relayed to her panicking horse that she’d survived.
Before she got far, something grabbed her arm and held her fast.  Twisting frantically as she pulled against the restraint, Echo caught the form of Cage’s face in the water.  A stream of bubbles danced toward her, very similar to the fog the wraith had used the first time they’d met.  Echo relaxed as Cage worked his magic.  She could still feel the air seeping from her lungs.  Had Cage joined the cause of the doons and was now going to lure her to a dark, watery death? 
The glow of fire from the villages danced through the water, caressing Cage’s handsome features.  His eyes locked with hers and he suddenly pulled her to him and placed his mouth firmly over her lips.  She couldn’t have resisted if she’d tried, his strength was too much for her.
What Echo thought was a kiss turned out to be something different, something strange.  Her lips were slightly parted as Cage’s mouth came over hers, and oxygen seeped into her lungs.  Desperate for breath, she grabbed the wraith and allowed him to ‘kiss’ her more deeply.  When they parted, Echo was breathing easily under the water.
Cage’s liquid-smooth voice sounded in her ears, “Saving your life is becoming a habit.” He gave her a sly smirk.  He was still holding her shoulders and looking at her in a strange way.
The bubbles swirled around them again, causing her to soften in Cage’s grip even more.  He was still very close to her and she could feel the spell weakening her resolve.  Cage seemed to look past her eyes, into her mind.  His voice was a soothing whisper, “If your heart didn’t belong to that freakish fae I’d…”
Echo looked dreamily into his eyes, “You’d what?”  Her voice was watery and strange, like in a dream.
Cage suddenly let go, the bubbles vanished, and Echo came out of her trance.  She shook her head slowly in the water, her heart pounding.  She really wished the wraith couldn’t get control over her so easily.  She shuddered at what she thought he’d been about to say.
Cage spoke, breaking the uneasy moment, “The best way to forgive yourself is to first accept that you’ve done something wrong,” he said casually.
Echo looked at him, totally confused.  “What?”
“I know everything about my ‘victims’, remember.  I saw in your mind what needs to be done to stop Belzac.  You’ll never be able to forgive him until you accept forgiveness yourself. Let go of your past mistakes.”
Echo’s mind was spinning.  First, the wraith had invaded her in far too intimate a way again. And, what did he mean by accepting her failures?  Why would she, or how could she accept what she’d done wrong? She didn’t understand.
“If I didn’t admit to and accept my wrongs every time I made a mistake, I would’ve killed myself by now.  You have to let go and move on.  It’s the only way,” Cage said.  Echo remained speechless, her thoughts whirling.
Cage spoke again, changing the subject, “Come on, I have something to show you.”  He grabbed her wrist and pulled her through the water with astonishing speed.  They swam through the cold, dark river, away from the warm glow of the torches over the surface.  Echo’s vision could barely capture anything but dark water when Cage stopped.  She shivered from the cold and the blackness.  Cage turned her body by gently pressing her shoulders until she was facing away from him.  She had to hang on to the wraith’s arm to keep from being swept away with the river’s current.
Echo gasped at what she saw.  At least a hundred water wraiths, half of which were mounted on kelpies, stood at attention as if awaiting orders.  Echo’s body trembled at the sight of them; ghostly figures astride demon horses with blazing red eyes and nostrils.  The moving water only made the scene more eerie as their forms wavered in and out of focus.
Turning to Cage with her mouth gaping and eyes bulging, Echo asked, “Are they all with us?”
Cage lifted a necklace from his chest, causing it to glow.  Every one of the wraiths before them followed suite, their glowing necklaces illuminating the riverbed.  “They are all with us.  They will fight fiercely because they all want what I want--freedom.  They wait for your command.”
Echo was stunned into silence.  She couldn’t even command her own emotions, how was she going to command an army of water wraiths?  She pulled her uncle’s medallion from beneath her tunic and traced the design with her fingers as if to draw from it comfort or wisdom.  Cage placed his hand over hers, gaining her attention. “Just tell us where we’re needed.  We’ll do the rest.”
“I, well…” Echo’s mind went blank for a moment.  Then, images from Shimmer reminded her that evil wraiths and doons were overpowering Silmah. Her horse had somehow managed to break away from Midnight Sun and was now circling the village. “There are a group of wraiths, maybe thirty or so, and several doons overtaking Silmah.  Could you help the villagers and the elves there?  And maybe some of you can help the other villages, too.”  Echo looked tentatively toward the ghostly army.  “P-Please?” she asked nervously.
Cage looked to his companions and in a booming voice shouted, “You heard the Kavalah!  Show your courage and fight for our freedom!”
Echo expected a thunder of battle shouts after that, but the wraiths silently shot away from Cage and Echo in a frighteningly powerful rush of water.  Cage held Echo tight, keeping her from being swept away.  Six wraiths remained behind, plus Cage. When the raging water calmed, he told her, “Tell Shimmer to meet us at Ulway.  I believe Dorian has made his way there.  We’ll take you through the rivers to keep you away from Brecker.  If Ulway hasn’t been compromised, you and Shimmer can rest.  Belzac is coming, we can all feel it.” Fear showed in Cage’s eyes as he looked at Echo.  “You’ll need your strength.”
Cage whistled, which sounded like strange warbling under the water, and Velth appeared.  Echo jumped back as the demon came close.  Cage wrapped a strong arm around Echo’s waist and pulled her onto the kelpie in one fluid movement.  “Like I said, he won’t hurt you if I’m with you.”  Cage settled behind Echo, wrapping his arms around her as he reached forward and grasped Velth’s dancing mane.  The other wraiths summoned their mounts and formed a protective circle around Echo and Cage.  Cage’s voice was soft but commanding in Echo’s ear, “Hold on.”
The kelpie shot forward, taking Echo’s breath.  His long mane streamed back, grabbing at her throat.  Echo felt as if she were astride a great fish as Velth slithered through the water at a speed unheard of.  Everything was a streak of black and orange as they passed Silmah.  Echo prayed that the other wraiths were helping that village--and that no one was mistakenly attacking them.
It seemed they’d only been riding a few seconds when Velth suddenly surged upward, throwing Echo against Cage’s chest.  The veil of water gave way, breaking into a blast of foam and spraying droplets.  The kelpie landed on the river bank as Echo inhaled pure air.  She suddenly felt as if she’d been holding her breath the entire time she was under water.  Her lungs strained as she breathed deeply several times.
Velth and the other six kelpies came to a dripping halt before a wall of villagers, elves, and fae all holding torches toward the sudden appearance of the wraiths.  Dorian’s voice sounded over the crackling of the flames.  “Lower your torches!  They wear Jiggers’ charms!”
The torches were pulled away and Echo felt Cage relax.  He dismounted and then helped her slop off Velth’s back.  “No offence,” she said breathlessly, “But I’d rather ride Shimmer!”  The ride with the kelpie had left her feeling weak and cold.  Her wet clothes clung to her skin, sending a chill to her bones.
“Echo!  Are you alright?” A flood of relief and warmth washed over Echo at the sound of Keebo’s voice.  The fae glared at Cage for a fraction of a second, but then his eyes were all for Echo.  He placed his hands on her face, allowing their warmth to seep into her skin.
“Cage saved my life twice more, so you should probably stop glaring at him,” Echo said softly.
“You don’t have to worry about me, little fae,” Cage said to Keebo in a dry tone.  Then, Echo thought she heard a touch of sadness as he said, “Her heart is all yours.”
Keebo looked at the wraith, his features softening.  “Thank you, Cage.  We are all in your debt.” He looked into Echo’s eyes again.  “Especially me.”
Echo smiled, then stuttered, “C-Could you p-possibly dry m-me off?  I’m f-freezing!”
As Keebo and three other woodland fae used the heat from their palms to dry and warm Echo, Dorian updated the wraiths.  Shimmer arrived, nearly trampling several in her path in her frantic attempt to get to Echo.  Remorse flowed from the horse, hitting Echo like waves of electricity.  “You have nothing to be sorry for, Shimmer,” Echo said as she hugged her horse’s great neck.  “Everything worked out.”  Shimmer nickered softly, nudging Echo with her head.
Echo felt a small bit of joy as her friends, Thalen and Alena, came towards her.  Echo hadn’t seen much of them over the past few weeks.  They carried a great tub of water and set it before Shimmer. The horse took several small gulps.  Echo understood her horse didn’t want too much extra weight--they needed to keep light for flying and fighting.  A mug was handed to Echo and she followed her horse’s example, taking only small sips of the refreshing water.
“Have you seen Brecker?” Thalen asked, his eyes brimming with concern.
Echo nodded.  “Yes,” she said quietly.  “He’s in the darkness,” Echo stated, knowing the elf would understand the double meaning.
Thalen’s face dropped and Alena placed a comforting hand on his shoulder.  She whispered something in elvish and then looked at Echo.  “It is not over, Echo.  Have faith and hope.  In the end, the light will overcome the darkness.”
Echo attempted a thankful smile, but failed.  She hugged her friend as she wished with all her might that the elf’s words would come true.
A meadow fairy in miniature size zipped toward Dorian, transformed to human size, and spoke with quick breaths.  “Dorian!  The shield around Thildin has been breached--a small hole was found and the doons are seeping through.  Thildin is under attack!”


Chapter 35
Belzac the Doon

Dorian’s face paled as he drew his sword.  Thalen and Alena followed his example, Thalen drawing a sword and Alena unsheathing two circular weapons with sharpened blades.  Dorian’s slanted brows furrowed into a deep scowl as flames burned in his eyes.  Echo had never seen the elf so angry.  She shivered, thankful that Dorian’s rage was not directed at her.  “We must assist them immediately!” he shouted. “We must protect the children!”
Echo handed her mug back to the villlager as her thoughts rested on her mother and sister.  They’d remained in Thildin to keep supplies and messages flowing out to the warriors in the villages.  She had to make sure they were okay.
“I’ll come with you,” Keebo said as he rose into the air, his bow nocked with a flaming arrow.
“Very well, let us--” Dorian began, but another haunting howl sounded from the guarding wolfix.  Jia flapped furiously toward them, screeching a nerve-jarring warning. She slithered through the air and hovered over Shimmer.  The horse half reared, tossing her mane, and then stared into Jia’s eyes.  Through Shimmer, Echo saw what Jia was relaying--fires at the edge of the village were going out and shadows were creeping closer.  Echo’s heart jumped when Song suddenly appeared, shouting, “Our fire shield is compromised!  It is some sort of dark magic.  Our flames only last a short time before they are snuffed out.  I have tried to call for the dragons, but they do not respond.”  Anxiety was etched in Song’s face.
Cage and his followers were the first to respond.  Like haunted shadows, they flew toward the edge of the village astride their kelpies.  Dorian ran after them, his sword and torch at the ready.  Keebo and Song, along with their kin, flew above with arrows and fists flaming.  Echo and Shimmer followed the rest, their hearts pounding in their ears.
A black hole gaped between what remained of the barrier of torches at Ulway’s western border.  People were screaming in terror as golden-eyed shadows bore down on them.  Echo watched with sickening horror as three men and two women were dragged away into the darkness.
She stood in shock for several minutes, watching the battle.  Cage and his wraiths attacked several dark wraiths at the right-hand side of the gap.  The kelpies’ chilling screams sounded through the air as they sliced at each other with sharp hooves and tore at each other with pointed teeth.
The wraiths formed thin, sharpened weapons out of water, which proved as effective as any metal blade.  Cage growled out commands as he battled two wraiths at once.
Several woodland fae threw a volley of flames at the gap, desperately trying to re-light the torches.  Fire would burst up momentarily before disappearing as if the darkness devoured it.  Keebo shot a pair of arrows, striking the two wraiths that had cornered Cage.  The wraith gave him a quick nod of thanks before resuming the fight.
Dorian and several other elves were attempting to counter-act the spell that doused the flames with their own magic.  Nothing seemed to be working.  A pack of humans, their faces haunted, attacked the elves.  Dorian took advantage of his quick reflexes, using his sword to merely injure the humans and keep them from continuing their attack.  They were obviously under the influence of the doons.
A deep rumbling came from the black sky from the south.  Echo groaned.  They had enough to worry about, they didn’t need a storm.  But as the rumbling continued, she realized it wasn’t a storm.  Shimmer, Jia, and the wolfix sounded greetings as the giant, shadowy form of a dragon appeared over the village.  The fading light of the fires reflected off its shining red scales.  The red dragon had come to help!
The dragon gracefully swooped toward the village, blasting a stream of white fire over the torches.  The blast not only re-lit the torches, but created a flaming wall between the village and most of the shadow dwellers.  Cheers erupted around Echo as she stood in awe.
A doon suddenly leapt at her, grabbing her shoulders and piercing her with his demonic, gold eyes.  Misery opened like a deep chasm inside at the doon’s touch.  Sadness weighed so heavily that she couldn’t move or even breathe.  Shimmer screamed and pawed at the doon, but her hooves only passed through the shadow.
An enormous form dove from the sky toward them.  A flash of fur and leathery wings accompanied a deep, thunderous growl.  In an instant, the wolfix had the doon in its teeth, pulling it viciously away from Echo.  As soon as his hands left her shoulders, the horrid gloom lifted and she was able to move.  She watched as the great wolfix shook the doon viciously back and forth until the shadowy form shredded into a million pieces and vanished.  Once again, Echo was more than grateful these brutes were on their side, and that they seemed to be able to grasp shadows when no one else could.  She gave the wolfix a grateful pat before mounting Shimmer and soared into the sky.
The core-penetrating growl of the dragon reached their ears.  Echo turned and watched in horror as a sharp watery weapon from a wraith standing near the river sliced through the air toward the dragon’s throat--the only unprotected area of the dragon’s body.  The enormous animal released a pitiful groan as the weapon cut his flesh, and then he wheeled through the sky.  Echo screamed with dismay as the dragon crash landed at the edge of the village’s barrier.  She saw Dorian and Song racing toward the animal before the flames the dragon had created weakened.
Echo was ready to pull the crystal from her pocket, hoping to somehow help the dragon, when she sensed the presence of her brother.  She turned to see him and his steed swooping toward them. Wanting to draw Brecker away from the village, Echo urged Shimmer higher into the air.  She felt the horse’s powerful muscles contract as the Shimmer pumped her wings and launched through the sky.  She hoped the others would be able to help the fallen dragon.
Echo and Shimmer charged straight for Midnight Sun and Brecker.
As the opposing Kavalah rushed toward each other, Echo drew her daggers and Brecker drew his sword.  A shower of sparks flew in Echo’s face as the force of the clashing weapons sent shock waves through her arms. The impact forced her backwards against Shimmer.  She righted herself and asked her horse to fly away from Ulway.
Midnight Sun bore down on them from behind, catching them after only a few feet.  Echo couldn’t see Brecker’s face beside her, it was hidden in shadow.  But his haunted voice was enough to unnerve her, “Give up, Echo!  Belzac will be here in a moment.  Ulway is compromised, as the other villages will be soon.  Dad and Finear are badly injured, the dragon is down. No one is coming to help you.  And when the master arrives, no one will be able to stop the shadows!”
Tears streamed from Echo’s eyes.  NO!  This can’t happen!  Then the thought struck her that Brecker might be baiting her. Belzac certainly knew that she was the one to face him, especially since she had so foolishly broadcasted it throughout the villages just two days ago.  Belzac wanted her out of the way, and he would command Brecker to do or say anything to get to her.  Echo answered her brother’s warnings by sending Shimmer against Midnight’s side.  A confused flurry of feathers surrounded Echo as the horse’s bodies slammed into one another.  Shimmer snapped her teeth, barely missing Midnight Sun’s neck. They veered apart as Brecker growled in rage.
Horses and riders charged each other again.  Echo sliced her daggers through the air, but held back, barely missing her brother’s forearm.  He twisted in his saddle and caught Echo’s back with his blade.  Pain shot through her spine as warm blood trickled down her back.  She lowered her face into Shimmer’s flowing mane to keep from screaming.  She couldn’t let Brecker know he had weakened her.  Shimmer’s worry and rage sounded in Echo’s senses. She responded,  I’m fine.  Just keep fighting.
Brecker’s words from their days of training resounded in Echo’s mind, “If you don’t cause the enemy pain, they’ll be more than happy to dish it out to you!”
As the riders came towards each other again, Echo gritted her teeth against the pain and swung her daggers simultaneously in a wide circle.  Both blades caught Brecker’s side as he lifted his arms to use his weapon.  Echo winced at his painful, angry scream.
Their battle continued for several more minutes, the horses performing incredible maneuvers so their riders could spar.  Echo received more cuts to her arms, legs, even one across her cheek.  But she had also marked Brecker, leaving his body as bloodied as hers.  Every blow made her feel weaker and more helpless.
Echo caught glimpses of the battle raging on the ground below.  From what she could tell, the shadows were overpowering the villagers.  She wondered if the other villages were suffering the same fate, including Thildin.  They all needed help. She worried for her friends and family.
Another jarring clash with Brecker brought Echo back to her own battle.  She screamed with Shimmer as Brecker’s blade sliced the horse’s chest.  This time, Echo’s rage ignited.  She could suffer getting hurt, but she wasn’t about to let anyone harm Shimmer. They made another wide turn, circling over Ulway.  Most of the torches were doused and cries of horror and rage rose up to them.  From the air, Echo couldn’t distinguish between the good and bad wraiths--one group was overpowering the other, but whether Cage’s group was winning remained a mystery.  Fire balls and flaming arrows from the woodland fae streaked through the air toward the adversaries.  But their flames seemed weaker as their fury turned into mere sparks, leaving little damage to the enemy.
Echo signaled Shimmer to find a place to land.  For the sake of the villagers, her horse, and her brother, she needed to end this.
Brecker and Midnight Sun landed near Echo and Shimmer who’d placed themselves between their brothers and the village.  Dismounting, Echo stood shakily beside her horse.  Steam rose from the horses’ heated bodies as they flapped their wings challengingly at each other.
She had never won a dual with her brother, but she had to try tonight.  Keebo had helped her with her reflexes, so she might have a chance.
The last flickering torches from Ulway highlighted Brecker’s pale face as he raised his sword and strode toward Echo.  His black cloak billowed behind him, giving the illusion of wings.  Echo shivered, thinking of the vampires she’d recently heard about with their pale faces and hideous wings.  At least Brecker had been spared that disease.  His haunted face told a tale just as terrifying.  He was dark and tortured, and Echo wanted more than anything to free him from everything that bound him.
Crossing her daggers in front of her, Echo readied herself for battle.  The teens circled one another as their steeds paced nervously, ready to fight.  Echo kept her eyes locked on Brecker’s.  His steely glare told her nothing.  She had no way of knowing what his first move might be.
Suddenly, the weapons crashed into each other, sending the reverberating ring of battle through the air.  Echo caught Brecker’s sword between her daggers and, with the power of adrenaline, pushed her brother forcefully away.  The weapons parted with an unpleasant scraping sound.  Shimmer released a challenging whistle, the sound piercing through the air like a blade.  Midnight Sun returned the call and brothers and sisters fought.
Echo focused on Brecker, trusting Shimmer to her own battle.  If she could just get his sword out of his hand, he’d be helpless--sort of.  She knew Midnight Sun would defend his companion if he was rendered weaponless.  Echo would have to rely on Shimmer to stop Midnight Sun once Brecker’s sword left his hands.
In a sudden flurry of bodies and blades, Echo and Brecker collided again.  They both growled as they locked weapons and strained against each other.  Echo gritted her teeth, her heel gouging into the earth as Brecker’s superior strength pushed her backwards.
Echo’s vision disrupted in stars as Brecker suddenly released his sword with one hand and used it to punch her squarely on the jaw.  She fell back, slamming into the unforgiving earth.  Shimmer was between her and Brecker in the flash of an eye, abandoning her own battle to protect her companion.  Midnight Sun seemed to respect this and left Shimmer alone as he trotted behind his master, shaking his mane and snorting.
Echo jumped to her feet, trying her best to ignore the painful bruise spreading under her skin along her jaw.  Tears stung her eyes.  That had been a mean trick, even for Brecker.
Shimmer moved out of the way at Echo’s request and brother and sister resumed circling each other.  Echo tried a different tactic.  Maybe she could talk Brecker down, get him off his guard enough for her to disarm him.
“Brecker, stop this.  You don’t have to be Belzac’s slave.  You wanted to protect me, our family, and our friends.  Look at what you’re doing!” She gestured with her head toward Ulway.  The shouts of battle still coursed through the air toward them from the village.
Brecker kept his eyes locked on his sister.  Echo shuddered at his dark gaze.  “You don’t have any idea, do you?  You don’t know what I’ve endured.  I’ve suffered far greater than anything any of those people are going through right now.  If I disobey Belzac and let you go, he’ll torture me to my death.” Tears welled in Brecker’s eyes, but his words remained venomous.  “I know nothing now but hatred and darkness.  There is no hope for the villages or Thildin Valley.  There is no hope for you, either, Echo.  Belzac has arrived and he’s sweeping through the villages as we speak.”
Echo’s heart skipped several beats.  Her greatest fear was closer than ever and she was completely ill-prepared.  She looked pleadingly into her brother’s eyes.  “Please, Brecker!  Don’t let him win.  Help me fight him.  I can’t do it alone!”  Tears rolled down her cheeks as panic reared inside her chest.  She felt vulnerable and weak.
Shimmer touched her shoulder with her muzzle, breathing warmth and encouragement.  Before she could relay a ‘thank you’ to her horse, Brecker charged again, slicing his blade through the dark air toward Echo.  She met his blade with one of her own, causing the sword to ricochet back toward its master.  Echo sliced her daggers at her brother, catching his torso and tearing his leather armor.  Brecker turned swiftly, spinning his body in time with Echo’s.  The flat of his blade caught her already injured back, sending sharp ripples of pain through her body.  Echo screamed and staggered, nearly falling to the ground.  Still, through the fog of pain, she realized that Brecker hadn’t used his sword to cut her.
Echo turned slowly, trying to gain control over her weakening body.  Brecker stood like a dark statue, his blade erect and his cloak floating eerily behind him on the breeze.  His face was still pale and drawn and his brows were sharply furrowed.  But something felt different to Echo.  Why hadn’t he cut her again, weakening her more?  Why did he just stand there?  He could’ve finished her off while she was down. Maybe she’d reached him, if even in a small measure.
Brecker’s voice was strained, but his words were unwelcoming, “Surrender to us, Echo.  Belzac will let you live in his new world if you surrender.  You’ll die if you don’t.”  His last words hung in the air between them.  Echo suddenly felt her brother’s pain, his remorse, his desire to keep her alive.
She couldn’t grant his request.  “I’m sorry, Brecker.  But I will fight to the death to keep Belzac from taking over our home.”  A pang of sadness flooded her chest and more tears sprang into her eyes.  “I’m so sorry I didn’t help you, Brecker!  I was such a coward that day I saw you and Belzac--” The lump in her throat constricted her speech for a moment.  She continued, her voice quivering, “And I tried to save you by seeing a Fate, but I failed there, too.  All of this is my fault--you’re enslavement, Degus’ death which allowed Belzac to finish gathering his army, the villages now falling under these horrid shadows.  I’m the reason for it all!  I am so sorry!”  Echo fell to her knees sobbing uncontrollably, but keeping her daggers erect.  Although, at that point, she would’ve allowed Brecker to kill her if she hadn’t felt the need to save him from Belzac.
Brecker’s face remained etched with a scowl, but a single tear fell down his shallow face.  “Echo, I don’t blame you.  I’m the one who was too stubborn to listen, who went my own way.”
“It’s not your fault either,” Echo croaked.  She’d been angry with Brecker for his foolishness at first, but her own guilt had long since overpowered her anger. She looked into her brother’s eyes with a sudden new sense of freedom.  The crystal suddenly felt warm against her thigh and she imagined it glowing inside her pocket.
“Well, well.  Isn’t this a touching scene?”  The smooth voice emerged from the darkness, sending chills to Echo’s core.  She leapt to her feet, blinking away her tears so she could see.  Shimmer sidled up to her, offering strength and protection.  Echo’s veins felt like streams of ice as two glowing, orange eyes preceded the dark form that owned them.  
Belzac the doon sauntered up behind Brecker as Midnight Sun reared in terror.


Chapter 36
The Power of Forgiveness

Brecker’s fear emanated from his body like heat waves, striking Echo with awful clarity.  Her brother’s body trembled as the shadow drew closer, but Brecker kept his sword steady.
“Still playing around, Brecker?  I thought you would have her captured or killed long before now.”  Belzac rested a hand on Brecker’s shoulder, nearly causing the teen to collapse.  Then Belzac’s eyes focused on Echo, sending another chill deep into her body.  “I assume you’ve denied your brother’s requests for surrender.  Maybe you need a little more persuasion.”  The doon’s evil chuckle made Echo sick.
Belzac released a strange, sharp whisper, and the sound of thundering hooves caused Echo to spin around.  Shimmer and Midnight Sun both sounded angry whistles as the forms of several kelpies galloped toward them, their burning eyes and nostrils a sharp, formidable contrast against the darkness as they drew closer.  Their riders were not wearing glowing necklaces.  A limp form was draped over one of the kelpie’s withers in front of its ghostly rider; the form flopped up and down to the rhythm of the kelpie’s gait.
The wraiths and their mounts stopped before Echo, taking human form.  The one holding the unconscious figure took the form of a muscular warrior, his eyes flashing red like his horse’s eyes.  All the blood drained from Echo’s face--the unconscious figure was Cage!
Moaning, Cage raised his brows in attempt to open his eyes.  His glowing necklace flopped against his cheek as his head fell back against the leg of the wraith that held him. His human features kept phasing in and out of focus. Echo tried to swallow past the rage that tightened her throat.  She turned to Belzac and screamed, “Let him go!  Isn’t my brother enough for you? Aren’t the villages and this valley enough?  What do you want from us?”
Belzac chuckled menacingly.  “I want what was taken from me centuries ago by beings like you!”  His eyes narrowed and an ugly energy poured from him as he continued in a hissing voice, “I realize you are ignorant of our history, so I’ll give you a quick lesson.  We were once humans.  And not just any humans, we were like you and your brother.  We were once Kavalah!”  The revelation struck Echo so forcefully, it nearly knocked her to her knees. How could this be possible?
“I and my followers wanted to be leaders.  We wanted change, we wanted power!  With the abilities the Kavalah possessed, we could’ve easily taken over all of Shae Vale, starting with Thildin Valley, our home.  But Azura stopped us, and, with the help of some sorcerer gone good, cursed us to these shapeless, dark shadows of our former selves.  Our steeds were stripped of their wings and thrown into the waters of Shae Vale.
“We found ways to use the horses to continue our battle, to hunt the inhabitants of Shae Vale and pull them to watery deaths.” Belzac cackled with dark glee. Then his voice dramatically changed as loathing seeped through, “But these filthy water dwellers, these water wraiths as you call them, started capturing and taming our steeds, using them for their own purposes.  So we enslaved them, too, by using our persuasive abilities to convince evil sorcerers and sorceresses to place spells over them.”
Echo’s head was spinning.  How could this monster have ever been a Kavalah?  And the kelpies had once been beautiful Aleniah!  These ideas refused to completely sink into her mind.
Belzac continued to speak, his voice dark, “After Degus released me from the Shadow Lands, I tried to re-gain possession of the Aleniah.  I found their leader, the stallion, and lured him to the Dragon’s Tooth.  But I was still under Degus’ rule and had to yield to her summons. Her timing was always annoyingly intrusive! I left the stallion bound near the top of the mountain, planning to return and make him my own.  He would’ve been a great help with my battle today.  But your father found him while I was gone and freed him.”
The doon’s anger seethed through his shadowy form before he composed himself.  “No matter.  As you have seen, my followers and I are doing well enough without the beast.  We are at the end of this three thousand year-long war, Echo.  And we will be victorious.
“But enough of this.” Belzac’s voice was smooth again.  “It is time for you to join me, or die,” he said casually.  Ribbons of fog were suddenly wrapping themselves around Echo’s arms and legs.  The wraiths were binding her from behind!  She struggled against the restraints--it was only fog after all.  It didn’t seem to affect her as Cage’s had, but she couldn’t seem to pull away.
The fog squeezed her hands, forcing her to drop her daggers.  Shimmer screamed in fury, rearing and striking at the mist with her hooves.  Two ribbons broke, freeing one of Echo’s hands.  Cage moaned from somewhere behind her, “Echo!”  She drove her hand into her pocket, pulled out her last orb, and threw it at the kelpies behind her.  She said a quick prayer for Cage’s safety.
The orb struck one of the kelpies in the chest and burst into flame.  Echo was freed as the wraiths broke their ties.  She spun around to watch the demon horse she’d struck scream and then explode into a million, sizzling pieces.  Its rider fell to the ground as a puddle of water.  Echo was suddenly grateful she’d been too nervous to eat all day as stomach fluid involuntarily leapt up the back of her throat.
The kelpie carrying Cage reared suddenly at the blast, sending its riders to the ground.  Cage jolted to consciousness and grabbed his captor by the throat.  The two wraiths wrestled over the ground, growling and phasing in and out of their human forms.
“Forget him for now!  I want the girl!” Belzac bellowed.  He still held Brecker by the shoulder, making him watch the attack on his sister.  Two of the remaining wraiths leapt off of their horses at Echo.  Before she could reach Cage or get the crystal from her pocket, they had her arms.  She struggled to break free from their grip, but she was like a child to them.
The burly, red-eyed wraith overpowered Cage, forcing him to his knees.  Echo met Cage’s eyes as his foe yanked his head back by his hair.  Cage’s eyes were filled with rage and desperation.  His voice was a forceful growl as he shouted, “Use the crystal, Echo!  Finish him!”
The other wraith produced a thin, sharp, watery weapon and stabbed Cage’s side, causing a gush of water to pour from the wound.  Echo screamed again as Cage’s eyes rolled back and he phased into his ghostly form.  He fell away from his captor and was still.
Echo struggled against the wraiths, desperately trying to break free and rush to Cage’s side.  Their ghostly hands only gripped tighter, cutting into her skin and causing her to yell as pain shot up her arms and into her neck.  Shimmer bit at Echo’s captors, but her sharp teeth were useless against them.  We need fire! Echo screamed in her mind.
A flaming arrow appeared suddenly in the chest of the wraith on Echo’s right, startling her.  The wraith lost its human form as it screamed and then toppled over.  Steam billowed from its body as the flames dissolved the wraith, killing it.
A fiery ball zoomed toward the wraith on Echo’s left. But he was quicker than his companion and dodged the cannon.  “LET HER GO!” Keebo’s furious scream was the most beautiful thing Echo had ever heard.  The fae landed before her and her captor, his eyes flaming as furiously as his hands.  He was breathing hard and his body shook with a rage Echo had never seen in him before.  When the wraith refused to release her, Keebo swung his arms, throwing two enormous balls of flame at Echo’s captor.  This time, the blazing weapons made contact and Echo dodged away as the ghostly form beside her became engulfed in a fiery tomb.
“Are you okay?” Keebo asked quickly, his concern flashing in his eyes as he glanced at Echo.  She squeaked a ‘yes’ as she grabbed her daggers off the ground.  With their backs to one another, they fought the remaining three kelpies and wraiths.  For reasons beyond Echo’s understanding, Belzac continued to hold Brecker away from the battle.  Why didn’t he command Brecker to fight? Was he getting pleasure in torturing her brother by forcing him to watch his sister and friend struggle?  Echo’s heart stung at the thought.
Shimmer joined the party, fighting one of the kelpies.  The screams of battling horses filled the air.  Echo somehow managed to slice deeply into the chest of another kelpie, causing it to blast into pieces.  She quickly turned away from the gruesome scene and focused on her next target.
Keebo killed the wraith that had flown from its exploding steed’s back, but then thick streams of fog wrapped around his fists, dousing his fires.  He gritted his teeth and furrowed his brows.  Flexing his arms and bowing his head, he gave his power everything he had.  His angry eyes bore into the adversary as fire burst from his fists and shot up his arms, burning away the mist.  His hair danced upward as the blast of heat rose to his face.  But a sudden wall of water--created by the wraiths using river water--slammed into him, dousing the flames yet again and knocking him to his back.
Echo ran to him as Shimmer finished one kelpie and battled with the last.  She was suddenly pushed away from Keebo’s body by water shaped like a plank.  The wind rushed out of her as unnatural water forced her back to the ground.  She struggled to her feet, fighting against the watery weapon created by the last wraith.
The wraith stood over Keebo, sending caressing ribbons of mist around his body and wide-eyed face.  The creature took a feminine form, its back to Echo.  As the ghostly being continued casting her spells, she turned.  Echo’s blood froze in her veins as she stared in shock at her own face.  The wraith gave her an evil smirk, and then turned back to Keebo.  She whispered soothing words that Echo couldn’t hear.
“Don’t listen to her, Keebo!  It’s a trick! She’s not me!” Echo screamed.  She knew all too well the power of a water wraith’s spell; and if Keebo thought the wraith was Echo, the spell would be even more powerful.
Echo’s yells were cut short as mist covered her mouth like a strip of cloth, keeping her silent.  She watched in horror as Keebo rose to his feet and then walked dreamily after the wraith into the darkness toward the river.  Their forms were swallowed in shadow as they left the area.  Despair gripped Echo in one great, sickening wave. Come back to me, Keebo, like you promised! Echo pleaded in her mind as her hope dwindled.
Tears stained Echo’s face.  Cage was probably dead, Keebo was heading toward a watery demise, the villages were nearly conquered, and Brecker was still held captive by the most powerful shadow ever to exist.
The ‘cloth’ fell away from Echo’s mouth and the watery plank splashed to the ground as Keebo’s captor vanished. Belzac drew her attention to him.  She gasped for breath as a breeze cooled the water on her cheeks.  Belzac had produced a knife, which he held at Brecker’s throat.  Shimmer’s battle cry sounded behind Echo, but she could do little to help her horse fight the last kelpie.  She feared Belzac would slice Brecker’s neck if she turned away.
Echo dropped one of her daggers. She stuck her hand in her pocket and squeezed the Sun’s Heart.  The jagged edges dug into her palm as she kept her gaze on Belzac.  Brecker’s face was stiff and emotionless, but his eyes betrayed his terror.
“Well, has there been enough unpleasantness for you yet, little girl?  You can stop all of this quickly.  Just surrender.  It’s that simple.  Your beloved friends and family will be allowed to live.  At this moment, your father and his steed are cowering before the blades of my wraiths; your mother and sister are fighting for their lives in Thildin, and losing; and, your beloved elf instructor and his sidekicks, your friends, are at the mercy of five of my best warriors.  Even your pretty fae friend, her dogs, and her dragon are failing miserably. You alone can save them all,” Belzac said.
Attempting to ignore the heaviness that threatened to choke her at Belzac’s frightening words, Echo spoke with a deep and steady voice, “Let Brecker go.  He’s already your servant; you don’t have to harm him any more than you already have.  If I’m the one you want, then face me alone.”
Belzac threw his head back and released an insulting laugh.  “I am not ignorant, child.  I know the light you possess and the weapon you hold in your pocket.”
Echo squeezed the crystal and pulled it out.  It glowed faintly through her fingers.
Belzac eyed it uncomfortably, but continued his speech.  “If you use Azura’s crystal, you’ll send both me and your brother to the Shadow Lands.  Trust me, my power over Brecker is a blessing compared to that prison!”
Belzac’s voice cracked as he spoke his last sentence.  Echo felt the doon’s fear and hatred from where she stood.  The Shadow Lands must be truly unbearable if even a doon was afraid of them.  Pity welled involuntarily inside Echo’s heart.  Belzac suddenly reminded her of her brother, who the doon still held tightly with a knife to the throat.  Belzac had wanted his own way, wanted a different life for his followers.  Like her brother, his choices and actions had led him to darkness--a darkness too deep for Echo to ever understand.
The crystal pulsed brighter.  Shimmer finally overcame her foe and approached Echo from behind.  The heat from Shimmer’s body engulfed her like a blanket.  She felt every bleeding gash and tender bruise her horse had suffered from her battles.
Echo raised the crystal higher.  She locked eyes with Brecker as her blood rushed in her ears.  How could she go through with this if she could possibly kill Brecker, or worse, send him to the Shadow Lands?
Belzac’s voice slithered toward Brecker’s ear, “Fight her again.  Only this time, show me you mean it!”
After Belzac removed the knife from Brecker’s throat, Echo’s brother took several deliberate steps toward her.  The wind ruffled his wild hair as his jaw flexed.  He winced as the Sun’s Heart pulsed with light.  With one mind-bendingly quick movement, Brecker slapped Echo’s hand with the flat of his sword, sending the crystal to the earth and out of reach.  The stone went dark.
Echo scooped her fallen dagger from the ground and held her weapons ready. She shivered at Brecker’s demented eyes as she attempted to inch her way closer to where she thought the crystal had landed.  Brecker lunged toward her.  Even with her quicker reflexes, Echo barely moved in time to keep her brother’s blade from slicing her neck. She fanned her blades, attempting to cause a distraction, and then with a swift move she stopped the fanning short and pulled the blades in opposite directions, slicing both of Brecker’s raised arms above the elbows.
Fury shot across Brecker’s face.  He lunged at Echo, slamming his body into hers and forcing them both to the ground.  Pain jolted through Echo at the force of the double impact.  Brecker pinned her down with his legs, but made the mistake of leaving her arms free.  She smacked the hilt of her left dagger against the side of Brecker’s head, causing an instant trail of blood against his temple.  He jerked back, giving her enough leverage to leap to her feet.
Belzac’s voice boomed through the air, causing Echo to jump.  “Enough!  Kill her now!”
Echo’s heart choked her as she scrambled away from her possessed brother.  Brecker kicked, knocking Echo backwards.  She slammed into the earth yet again as pain shot through her back.  Dirt and grass dug into the cut Brecker had made earlier, adding to her misery.
Echo scrambled to her knees and held her daggers shakily over her head.  A rock dug into her knee and she scooted to the side to free herself from it.  A sparkle caught her eye, and she chanced a quick glance down.  It hadn’t been a rock.  It was the crystal!
Belzac moved toward her so quickly, Echo had no time to react.  In an instant, he was behind her, his hand on her shoulder.  His touch was terrible, chilling, dark.  His voice slithered past her ear like a snake, sending chills to her bones.  “Kill her now, Brecker.  If you don’t,” he raised a shadowy hand toward Echo’s hand, “I will take her hand and she will share your fate!”
Brecker stood frozen for several minutes, the horror showing across his face.  Shimmer pawed and bit uselessly at Belzac, desperate to free Echo.  Midnight Sun reared and screamed furiously. Echo stared into her brother’s pained eyes as darkness crept into the edges of her vision.
Suddenly, Brecker lunged at Echo, his sword flashing against the dark.  Echo knelt, frozen in shock.  Shimmer leapt in front of her, attempting to take the sting of Brecker’s blade in her master’s stead.  Echo screamed to Shimmer, trying to keep her horse from getting killed.  But the blade found only air as Midnight Sun slammed against Shimmer, sending them both skidding across the earth.  The horses fought as Brecker raised his sword over Echo’s head.  Echo continued to hold her daggers above her, but they felt like they each weighed a ton.  Belzac’s darkness continued to seep into her, sending hopelessness into her heart and mind.  Brecker’s face remained terrifying as he stopped and stood frozen in place, staring at her.  She couldn’t hold on any longer.
Echo’s blades fell to the earth as her arms buckled and fell limply to her sides.  She slumped back and sat on her legs.  The Sun’s Heart sparkled by her knee, reminding her it was there.  Quickly, she grasped the crystal with trembling fingers.  The stone immediately formed a soft glow at her touch.  Belzac shot away from her, hiding himself in Brecker’s shadow.  He hissed at Brecker, once again commanding him to end Echo’s life.
Echo weakly held the pulsating crystal toward her brother, but his eyes remained steady and focused on her.  Sadness overwhelmed her as Brecker’s blade descended rapidly toward her skull.  She couldn’t move or breath, she was petrified with shock and fear.  All was lost, she had failed.  Shimmer’s scream echoed eerily through the air.  Every moment of Echo’s life played in her mind in the span of a half-second.
Brecker released a warrior’s cry as he sliced the blade at his sister’s head.  Echo looked up and her wide eyes followed the sword as it raced toward her, ready to take her life.  Every detail of the elf-made weapon jumped out at her.  She was too weak to stop it. 
Brecker’s muscles contracted and the veins in his neck bulged as he forced his sword to a sudden halt just as the sharp blade touched Echo’s nose and hairline.  Brecker’s face was divided by his sword as he stared into Echo’s wide eyes for several moments. Both of them trembled from the intensity of the moment. Then, Brecker’s visage softened and his eyes sparkled with tears.  “I love you, Echo,” he whispered more tenderly than Echo had ever heard him speak.  Then, he suddenly threw his blade away as if it were poisonous and turned to Belzac, shouting, “I’m finished!”  Brecker immediately fell to his knees, squeezing his skull as he screamed from the deadly pain rushing through him.
“NO!” Echo reached for her brother and hugged him tightly.  She turned her watery eyes on Belzac and screeched, “Stop it!  Let him go!”
Belzac spoke so softly, Echo had to strain to hear his words over her brother’s cries.  “Such a waste.  He could have been a great warrior.”
“Just—do it, Echo!” Brecker shouted between clenched teeth.  The veins in his neck and along his temple were bulging to near bursting.  “Use--the crystal! I’m--dead--anyway!”
Echo stood slowly before her brother, her body trembling uncontrollably as her emotions shred apart her sanity.  She held the Sun’s heart toward the shadow as a gust of wind pulled at her braid.
Brecker’s words of love echoed in her mind, “I love you, Echo.”
The crystal pulsed brighter.
The faces of her family--her dad, mom, Mari, her grandfather--all smiled in her memory.
Streams of light shot through Echo’s fingers as the crystal pulsed brighter still.
Cage’s crooked smile and his irresistible charm touched Echo’s memory.  He’d risked his own life to save her so many times.
Song, with her unearthly beauty and her unconditional friendship--the fae’s smiling eyes sparkled in Echo’s thoughts.
Thalen and Alena and all their days of sparring and friendship.  Alena’s words of hope, “The light will overcome the darkness.”
Dorian with his ever-present smile and wise words.  His lessons had helped shape who she was.
Keebo’s gentle touch, his kiss, tingled on Echo’s lips; his boyish features, his pointed ears, his sparkling smile, shown bright and clear in her mind’s eye.
And Shimmer, her beloved horse, their unique connection giving them a friendship, a bond, far greater than anything Echo had ever experienced--her horse’s love, joined by the love of all the others, filled her to overflowing.
Echo’s hand could no longer hold back the light of the Sun’s Heart.  Soothing warmth caressed her palm and rippled down her body as the white light burst through her fingers, illuminating the entire area.  Belzac shrank behind the shadow of a boulder, hiding from the unrelenting blaze.  Echo’s confession and her apologies to Brecker earlier had helped her forgive herself.  But she still had to pass one last test before the crystal could destroy Belzac.
Echo locked eyes with the doon as he skulked in shadow.  Belzac laughed darkly.  “You’ll only send me to a prison--a prison that I have already escaped once.  I will return!”
The doon’s words had been spoken confidently, and yet his eyes betrayed his fear.  Echo’s heart softened.  This creature had known nothing but darkness most of his life. He’d suffered more than Echo could ever imagine. Could he even remember the love of family? The joy of friendship?  Maybe he could be different if only he could feel the warmth of light again…
Echo turned her palm to the sky and opened her fingers, giving the crystal freedom.  Through the glaring light, she looked at Belzac and spoke, “I forgive you, Belzac the doon.”
The Sun’s Heart flashed and several screams--the horses’, Brecker’s, Belzac’s, and her own--sounded under a loud rumbling that emanated from the crystal.  Suddenly, the blinding white light burst into color.  Every intense color of the rainbow shone brighter and clearer than Echo had ever seen.  The pure, radiant light swallowed everything, wrapping around every corner, seeping into every crack, and piercing every shadow.
Echo closed her eyes tightly, but her lids were no shield against the intense, colorful light.  Belzac’s desperate scream slapped against her ears and then stopped short as the light dissolved his life. Echo panicked as Brecker’s screams ceased immediately after Belzac’s death.
And then all sound vanished as the radiance penetrated Echo’s body and pulsed with intense energy.  She thought she would explode from the force and she tried to drop the crystal, but it seemed welded to her hand.  Where was Brecker?  Had he been destroyed with Belzac?  She couldn’t sense her brother or her horse at all.  No screams, no heat, no anything.  Just light.
Just as Echo thought she would collapse from the power flowing through her, the light suddenly exploded, sending her flying.  She landed hard on grass and dirt, slamming her head against the earth as shockwaves of multi-colored light and energy pulsed over Thildin Valley three times before ceasing.  As sparkling, colorful specks of light showered down on everything, Echo began to lose consciousness.  Light fell on her cheeks, kissing her skin like warm snowflakes. Her fuzzy mind gave one final thought, I love you too, Brecker.  Echo’s arm fell beside her body, her hand finally releasing the crystal as her fingers went limp.


Chapter 37
Echo’s Purpose

Echo groaned as she peeked through the crack between her eyelids.  Her eyes opened wider, but caught nothing but glaring whiteness.  The crystal had blinded her!
A strong but soothing voice sounded and Echo sat up.  She squinted as her eyes caught the slightest hint of black feather tips against the whiteness.  She sat frozen, mesmerized, as the feather tips grew, bleeding into the white background like ink against paper.  More feathers appeared, and in less than a breath, two giant, outstretched wings had formed.  The ink spread further, painting the glistening body of a magnificent horse to go with the wings.  The Aleniah shook its head, causing its long mane to dance in the air.
The ink changed color, spreading into an array of hues that mixed and swirled like liquid fog next to the Aleniah.  Fingers formed, then arms, legs, a body, a neck, a face, and finally hair.  Long, flowing, brown hair caressed the face of the most beautiful woman Echo had ever seen.  The woman’s eyes sparkled as she turned her heart-shaped face toward Echo.  A radiant smile spread across the woman’s features and a singing laugh flowed from her throat.
The woman walked toward Echo, her horse following closely behind.  She stopped in front of Echo, who was certain her face was as white as her surroundings.  She somehow found a whisper of her voice and asked, “Azura?”
The woman laughed again and offered a helping hand.  “Yes, child.  I am Azura.” Echo allowed herself to be pulled to her feet.  She stood a good three inches taller than Azura, but the woman held a powerful energy that made Echo feel smaller.
“Am--am I dead?” Echo asked warily.  She’d imagined heaven a bit differently.  But she felt no pain from her wounds, no fatigue, no thirst.  She was at peace.
Azura chuckled and her horse bobbed its head up and down as it released an amused squeal.  “No, Echo Mareau, you have not died.  In fact, your bravery has freed Shadow Wing and me.  We’ve been trapped, living for the past three thousand years as vapors in the sky.  It has been difficult to see my people scattered and forgotten.  And then to feel the joy of your discovery, the dawning of your understanding of your ancestry--I wanted to be there with you!” Azura’s eyes were shining as she continued, “And then, to watch you and your dad release Finear and Shimmer, and to see you train and struggle in battle.  You have no idea how much I wanted to fight at your side, to be there to help and encourage you.  It has been torture, not being able to do anything but watch and hope!
“But now, my dear, sweet child, we are free.  Your bravery and sacrifice have done this for us, as it has for so many.”
A silver tear trailed down Azura’s cheek as her face beamed.  Echo spoke slowly, trying to understand what in the world was happening.  “So, you and Shadow Wing have been trapped here?  Where, exactly, is here?”
Azura spoke, “We are in the clouds, Echo.  Not a terrible, dark prison like Belzac had to endure.  But, for us, a prison nonetheless.”
Echo looked at the surrounding whiteness.  It didn’t look like clouds to her.  She turned her attention back to Azura.  “What now?  Do I stay here with you?  Will you return to Shae Vale?”
The ancient Kavalah placed a soft hand gently on Echo’s shoulder.  “I will remain in the clouds as a free Kavalah.  If I return to the earth now, I would rapidly age, die, and decay.  I will stay with the clouds to watch over you and the other Kavalah, who are still waiting to be discovered.  With my freedom, I have been given the gift of pure thought.  So, when you are searching for our people, I will be able to guide you. I will stir your heart, and you will know them. I will be with you, Echo, wherever you go.”
Echo felt loving warmth at Azura’s words.  Her mind trailed back to other matters.  “What of me?  How long will I stay here with you?” She suddenly wanted to stay here where her heart and body were whole and peaceful.
Azura raised a hand, touching Echo’s cheek with the tip of her finger.  It felt like a droplet of water against Echo’s skin.  “You still have work to do, I’m afraid.” Azura touched her face again, leaving another droplet of water.  “Those below still need you.  You must return to them now, before it is too late.”
Azura pulled away, but the sensations of water droplets against Echo’s face continued.  The elder Kavalah’s voice sounded soft and strange, like a dream, as Azura and Shadow Wing pulled away even more.  Echo had the sudden sensation that she was sinking through the clouds.  “Wait!” she shouted, reaching desperately toward Azura.
The soft voice brushed in her ear, “Don’t be afraid, Echo.  You are not alone.”
The whiteness swallowed Azura and Shadow Wing as Echo fell backwards.
Pain shot through her as she opened her eyes and gasped for breath.  She was back on the ground, away from the comfort of the clouds.  Every cut and bruise in her body throbbed with painful clarity.  Golden fingers of dawn brushed against the belly of a large, gray cloud, tickling the rain out of it.  The droplets struck Echo’s face slowly at first, but then picked up pace as a downpour began.  Shimmer whinnied and flopped beside her, stretching her wing over Echo like a giant umbrella.  Echo sidled up to her horse, soaking in Shimmer’s warmth as they shared a grateful moment too powerful for words.
The gash on Shimmer’s chest, made earlier by Brecker’s blade, caught Echo’s attention. She quickly and clumsily drew a vial of lime green liquid from a small pouch attached to her leggings.  Without at thought or word, she sat up and poured the curatree sap into Shimmer’s wound and then watched as the horse’s skin sealed.  Not even a scar remained.
Shimmer scolded Echo with a thought.  Her horse had wanted Echo to use that sap to cure her back.  The longer the wound went without attention, the less affect the sap would have.  But Echo didn’t care.  Shimmer was safe and whole and that mattered more to her than her wounded back.
A groan sounded from ten feet away.  Echo turned and focused on the shadowy form of a wraith.  Her heart leapt unpleasantly, and she forced her stiff body to lift itself from the ground as she grabbed a dagger.  Shimmer rose with her, stomping her foot against the wet earth challengingly.  Echo watched as the wraith absorbed the rain like a sponge, causing it to grow and become stronger.  Slowly, the form of a human male took shape.  It rose to its hands and knees for a moment, and then stood and turned toward Echo.
“CAGE!”  Echo dropped her dagger and threw herself at the wraith, nearly knocking him back to the ground as she embraced him tightly.
Cage squeezed her just as tightly, holding her head against his chest.  “Echo, I thought we’d lost you!” Cage spoke shakily.
Echo’s joy welled inside her as she pulled away and chuckled.  Looking into the wraith’s misty eyes she said, “You can’t get rid of me that easily!”
Cage laughed.  “For that, I am truly thankful.”  His face sobered as they parted.  “I owe you my life and my freedom, Echo.  Whatever you ask, I’ll do it.  I will serve you until the day I die.”
Cage’s intense words threw Echo off guard.  She’d always imagined Cage at this moment giving her a quick wink and a ‘thanks’ before diving into the river and disappearing forever.
The river!  Echo grasped Cage frantically by the collar of his cloak and looked fiercely into his eyes. “I do need something from you!  Keebo was lured to the river by a wraith that looked like me.  You have to see if he’s still alive!”
The wraith’s eyes widened at her words.  He pulled away and bowed slightly, “I won’t rest until I find him.  You have my word.”
The ghostly form absorbed Cage’s human features as he released a sharp whistle.  Velth thundered toward them from Ulway, causing Shimmer to dance nervously beside Echo.  A huge gash on the kelpie’s chest, similar to the one Shimmer had sported moments before, bled against his black hair.  “He’s hurt!” Echo shouted, pointing to the wound.
Cage’s ghostly form mounted the kelpie as Velth danced to a stop before them.  “Don’t worry, it’s only a scratch.  The river water will heal him, just as the rain healed me.  I’ll return as soon as I have Keebo,” he said and then spun his mount around and cut through the rain toward the river.  Their forms disappeared in a blur and Echo felt a wave of deep loneliness wash over her.
She turned on her heel, suddenly wanting to find her brother.  Had Brecker survived?  She shivered, worried that she had sent her brother to the Shadow Lands.  What would happen to him there?
Echo squinted through the pouring rain.  The morning sun’s rays were swallowed in the cloud as the sun rose above it.  A dull gray light remained, giving Echo enough to see by.  Nothing remained of the kelpies or water wraiths that had died there the night before. If she hadn’t been in the battle herself, she would’ve never known such horrors had happened here. 
Echo placed a hand on Shimmer’s soaked withers.  Help me to find him, Shimmer.  Their senses were connected as they stood still in the rain for several minutes.  Then, through Shimmer’s acute hearing, Echo caught the slightest sigh.  She turned her attention to her right.  About a hundred feet from the river, they saw the form of Midnight Sun lying on the ground, one wing stretched over a dark figure in the wet grass.
Her feet began running without her permission.  Shimmer kept close to her side as they raced toward their brothers.  Midnight Sun leapt to his feet, placing himself between them and Brecker.  The horse raised his wings threateningly and plastered his ears against his neck.
Stopping short, Echo looked past Midnight Sun, trying desperately to see if her brother was breathing.  Midnight Sun stomped his foot, drawing her attention back to him.  Echo was about to become hysterical--she needed to get to Brecker!  Shimmer took a tentative step forward and nickered softly.  She placed her wings against her sides and lowered her head.  Everyone stood frozen for several minutes as the rain continued its pattering.  Echo hoped beyond hope that Shimmer’s humble show of respect would be enough to cause Midnight Sun to back down.
The red horse stood his ground for a minute more, and then slowly lowered his wings.  His body seemed to sag as he turned back toward Brecker.
Echo ran the few paces to her brother’s body and fell to her knees, sliding across the watery ground to his side.  His face was so pale…  Echo moved a strand of black hair away from Brecker’s forehead as tears joined the orbs of rain on her face.  “I’m so sorry, Brecker,” she said softly.  She felt like her chest might rip in two as her heart throbbed painfully.  What had she done?
Lifting Brecker’s hand, Echo kissed it and then pressed it against her cheek as she sobbed.
At first, she thought she’d imagined it.  But then, when Brecker’s fingers wrapped tighter around her hand, her heart leapt.  “Brecker?”
Midnight Sun nudged Brecker’s cheek gently with his muzzle and nickered.  Brecker rolled his head from side to side once and then slowly opened his eyes.  At first he seemed disoriented, his eyes looking confusedly at everyone.  Echo smiled as joy flooded her.  Brecker’s eyes rested on her, lighting up as if a shroud had been lifted from them.
“Echo?” He shot up to a sitting position and hugged her.  With his body trembling from sobbing, he whispered into her ear, “Thank you!”
**********************

Almost a month had passed since the night of Belzac’s attack.  The moon had nearly disappeared again, but Echo felt no fear from its receding form this time.  Brecker had spent many days with Thildin’s finest healers; still, Echo could tell that something still wasn’t right with him.  She would often find him wandering alone or with Midnight Sun, staring out into the valley, his eyes seeing past the lush valley grass and the shining forms of the grazing horses.  And yet he was alive and he was home.  His return had caused a great celebration throughout the valley.  And Belzac’s death had caused even more of a celebration.  Echo had been a bit embarrassed when she’d been dubbed “The Shadow  Thief” after the crystal that first carried the name.  Dorian had told her that her light, her love, had set Brecker and Thildin Valley free from the shadows. But she did not feel like a hero.  Especially when so many had been injured, even killed, in the battle.
With the help of the elves and fae, the red dragon had survived the gash on his throat.  Song informed Echo that the dragon would have to refrain from using his fire for several months to allow the cut to heal completely.  Soon, she and the wolfix would join him as he returned to the lair on the Dragon’s Tooth until he was whole again.  Then, the dragon could re-join his companions in other quests.  In the meantime, elves, humans, and fae enjoyed his magnificent presence in Thildin Valley.
Cage still had not returned with Keebo.  Echo had drawn several pictures of Keebo, scared she’d forget his boyish features.  She stared at the drawings every night.  She stood at the river’s edge every day, visited her secret place, and flown with Shimmer hundreds of times, seeking desperately for even a hint or a sign of their return.  Oran and Finear joined them from time to time, but they had been injured badly during the battle and couldn’t fly as long as they used to.  Finear had been unable to use one of his wings for two weeks, and Echo’s dad had nearly lost his left leg to the sharp, watery weapon of a wraith.  
Kiani, Mari, and Dorian helped organize search parties that went out several times a week, helping Echo feel that everything that could be done was being done to find Keebo. Even Moodey had helped, instructing and encouraging the villagers to keep their eyes open while near any water.  Echo was glad the man had survived the battle.  He seemed at peace. With the death of Belzac, justice had been served in Moodey’s eyes.
Echo spent countless hours sitting in the trees, touching their bark and listening to their leaves rustle in the breeze, wishing desperately they would bring her some news of Keebo.  Song and Jiggers would often join her, listening with their sharper fae ears.  But to no avail.
Finally, on the day of the one-month anniversary of the battle, Echo caught a glimpse of a shadow as she and Shimmer flew over the Winia River near the northern village, Auri.  Shimmer arrow-dove toward the spot.  Echo didn’t get too excited.  They’d done this countless times before.  This time, however, as Shimmer landed, the river water bulged as if a giant bubble was surfacing.  Then, the ‘bubble’ burst, sending an explosion of water toward the shore.  Tiny rainbows shimmered in the droplets as the form of a large, black horse appeared.  On its back, a shadowy figure took the form of a boyish but ruggedly handsome face.  Cage gave Echo a nod and a crooked smile. Echo’s heart rose and sank at once--Cage was back, but she couldn’t see Keebo.
A sharp gasp sounded from behind Cage and, as Velth turned, Keebo’s form came in view.  Echo barely felt her body move as she dismounted and raced toward the dark horse.  Cage helped Keebo slide from Velth’s back.  The sopping fae’s face was immediately scooped up in Echo’s hands as she kissed him on the lips.  His mouth was cold at first, but with her touch, warmth seeped back into his skin.  They pulled apart and Echo, overcome with a mixture of too many emotions, slugged Keebo on the shoulder.  “Don’t EVER do that again!”
Tears poured from her eyes and she felt like she’d swallowed a walnut.  Keebo rubbed his shoulder and smiled at her, his eyes sparkling.  “I’m sorry!  She put a spell on me and looked like you!” His face softened. “How could I resist?”
Echo softened under his gaze as heat rose to her cheeks.  “Besides,” Keebo continued, “I promised I’d come back to you, remember?” 
They stared into each other’s eyes and drew closer again.  Before their lips could touch, a “Hem! Hem!” sounded from beside them.
Echo and Keebo turned toward Cage.  Echo released the fae and embraced the wraith tightly.  “How can I ever repay you?  Thank you!”
“The debt was mine, little Kavalah.  It was the least I could do.”
After they pulled apart, Keebo approached Cage and extended a hand.  “I owe you my life.  I hope we can call one another ‘friend’ from now on.”
Cage grasped Keebo’s hand, shaking it firmly, and gave him a sly smile. “Don’t count on it.”
Keebo returned the smile and nodded.  Cage remounted Velth and looked at Echo.  “Well, I have a lot to do and to enjoy, now that I’m a free wraith.”  He became slightly more serious for a moment.  “If you ever need my help, go to any body of water anywhere, touch the water and call my name.  I’ll hear you.”
Echo grunted, “That might’ve been useful information before!”
“Before, I was a prisoner to dark magic.  It wouldn’t have worked. And,” he added, “I didn’t want you summoning me every few minutes to check on my progress searching for Keebo, either.  Until we meet again, Echo,” Cage said softly, and then gave her a quick wink, spun his kelpie around, and disappeared with a ceremonious splash into the river.
Echo turned to Keebo.  Grabbing his hands, she allowed her joy to radiate through her.  “Come on, there are a lot of people who have been missing you.  We need to give them all the good news!”
“Just let me dry myself off first,” Keebo said.  He clenched his fists and furrowed his brows.  Blue flames shot up his arms and engulfed his entire body for a moment, but miraculously didn’t burn him or his clothes.  When he was done, Keebo was completely dry.  “Did you know I can do that under water?  It’s wickedly awesome!”  Echo shook her head and laughed as she grabbed Keebo’s hand and they mounted Shimmer.
As Shimmer, Echo, and Keebo landed in the valley just outside of Thildin, Brecker and Midnight Sun walked toward them.  A large pack was tied to Midnight Sun’s saddle and Brecker wore the new riding clothes Mari had made for him.  They were similar to Echo’s, but without the longer tunic, and they were dark brown rather than blue.  His elf blade was strapped to his hip by a leather belt around his waist.
Brecker’s face showed surprise then joy at seeing Keebo.  He embraced Keebo, patting him heartily on the shoulder.  “I thought we’d never see you again,” Brecker chuckled as they parted.
“Yeah, me too,” Keebo stated.  “You have no idea how glad I am to be back. And it’s great that you’re back, too.”
“There are many who will be just as happy to see your return.” Brecker turned his eyes on Echo.  “Echo has been searching tirelessly for you for a month now.  I’m happy for you both,” he said.
Echo’s eyes trailed to the pack on Midnight Sun’s saddle.  “What is that for?” she asked, gesturing with her head toward the pack.
Brecker’s eyes became sad and his smile faded.  He cleared his throat and then asked Keebo to give him and Echo a moment.  After the fae walked a little distance away, Brecker placed his hands on Echo’s shoulders and looked her in the eyes.  “Echo, we both know I haven’t been the same since my enslavement.  Even though you freed me from Belzac’s grip, I just can’t shake the darkness.  It lives in my dreams.  I can’t keep living here, I can’t bear to look into the faces of our friends and family.  I can’t live with the shame of what I did while I was with Belzac.”
“But none of that was your fault, Brecker.  You were under the doon’s control.”
Brecker nodded and closed his eyes for a moment.  He spoke again when he opened them, “But I had a choice, Echo.  It would’ve been better to let him kill me than to do the horrible things he made me do.”
Brecker’s face contorted with pain for a moment as visions far more horrifying than Echo could know played in his memory.  He shook his head and gave her a half smile.  “I just need some time.  Maybe I’ll return to Thildin Valley someday.  But for now, I need to leave.”
“What will you do?  Where will you go?” Echo asked as she attempted to force her tears to stay behind her eyes.
Brecker’s mouth split into a smile.  “I’m just going to explore Shae Vale, like Dad did.  Maybe I’ll be able to help a few folks along the way, to help beat back the demons in my heart and mind.  I’ll be like a dark hero.”
The teens laughed through the welling of tears.  “I’ll miss you,” Echo said quietly.
Brecker hugged her again.  “I’ll miss you more.”
*******************************

The leaves on the trees had been kissed by gold as Keebo and Echo walked along a deer trail through a meadow.  Shimmer strolled lazily behind them, nipping at tufts of drying grass as they went.  They were giving fae and Aleniah time to rest their wings. Echo reached her arms forward, stretching her back between the shoulder blades.  Her scar pulled against her skin, but thanks to the elves’ skillful healing methods, it no longer hurt. 
After Brecker had left home two weeks earlier, Echo and her family had agreed that it was important to find the rest of the Kavalah and bring them home to Thildin--if they were willing.  The more of their people they found before any sorcerers or other shadow dwellers did, the better.  In the very least, they needed to be united with their Aleniah so the horses could free their wings and fly.  Mari and Kiani had, of course, planned everything in excruciating detail, providing a detailed map drawn by the elves to show Echo and Keebo’s course.  Thalen and Alena were off in a different direction, also seeking Kavalah.  Fae folk, villagers, and elves had all sent out search parties with the strict instructions to be as discreet as possible.  They didn’t want to draw the attention of dark magic users who would wish to drain any Kavalah of their powerful light and energy.
They’d try to gather all the Kavalah in Shae Vale first, and then figure out how to reach the ones that were living in the Other World.  Echo’s dad was in no shape for long distance traveling, or he would’ve gladly gone to search the OW for Kavalah. Echo’s mind had gone immediately to Ayden Green--he was from the OW, if anyone could help them in that strange land, it would be him.
Keebo grabbed Echo’s hand and smiled at her.  They were at least a hundred miles from home, on their way toward a village nestled in the hills past the forest west of Thildin Valley.  A name on the story wall matched with the name of a villager there.  Echo hoped it was the same man and that he’d welcome their news.  If he even believed them.  But how could he not when he saw Shimmer?
Echo squeezed Keebo’s fingers and returned his smile.  He flexed his wings, causing a rainbow to slide over their surfaces.  Echo absentmindedly traced her uncle’s medallion resting against her chest with her free hand.  “I’m glad you’re with me,” she said to Keebo.  She released the medallion and grabbed the end of her braid, twirling it around her finger.
Keebo scratched at the hair above his ears. “I’m glad I’m with you, too,” he chuckled.  “My dad was driving me crazy at the shop--I needed to get outa there!”
Echo giggled and asked, “So, did you ever get that camera together and figure out how it works?”
Keebo shrugged, “Nah.  Kinda forgot about it with Belzac coming and my best friend turning into a hero. But don’t worry, when we get back I’ll--”
Keebo’s sentence cut short as a deep, terrible sound cut through the air.  Shimmer reared and whistled, and Echo grasped Keebo’s arm.  The noise had sounded far away, but its effect had been chilling.  “What was that?” Echo asked in a whisper.
“I’m not sure.  Whatever it was, it wasn’t good,” Keebo replied.  Giving Echo a mischievous look he added, “Maybe we should take a detour--we could see what that noise was.  Maybe someone needs help.  It wouldn’t take long to get there if we rode Shimmer.  What do you think? You ready for another adventure?”
Echo’s stomach tickled with fear and excitement as Keebo leaned on one foot, then the other, then back again, betraying his excited energy.  Reaching into her pocket, she wrapped her fingers around the Sun’s Heart.  She hated to admit it, but she really did feel the lure of adventure tugging at her heart.  Or maybe it was Keebo’s sparkling eyes weakening her sensibility.  She gave her friend a wide grin, “You know what?  I think I am ready for another adventure!” They continued to walk as they pulled out the map and planned a new course.

Fifty miles away in a darkened castle, a terrible, guttural yell had broken through the silence as bolts of black energy engulfed the crumbling stone of the castle walls.  Something dark and inexplicably horrid was awakening…


Spiritual Specials
Spiritual Reasons for my writing “The Shadow Thief”.

First and foremost, the title;  to me, God is a shadow thief.  His light is so bright, no shadow can hide from it.  Just like the light that bursts from the crystal, God’s light fills every crack, exposes every hiding place, and fills all with His wonderful light.  All darkness dissolves in His presence.   And the really awesome thing is, we can be vessels of that light, just as Echo was a vessel.  The Light flowed through her, allowing the crystal to burst open and flood the valley with brightness.  (We can be lights to the world.)

I wanted to show more of the element of family in this story.  And not just blood relation, but family in general, meaning, the people we are close to, those that help and support us, and those that we have fellowship with.  Echo’s family was close, and they were there for each other.  But her family wasn’t limited blood relatives.  The elves, fae, and the people of the villages, even the horses, were all a part of her family.  She drew comfort, strength, and love from all of them, just as one does with family.  In God’s way, we rely on each other and on fellowship to keep us encouraged and continuing on the Pathway.

Dorian’s instruction in chapter 1 about the flexible trees: if we are hard-hearted and brittle, the smallest circumstance can cause us to break, especially if we are not relying on God.  However, if we allow God to soften our hearts, make them pliable, we are able to endure even the strongest of storms.  And, if our roots run deep in God’s love, we will be unbreakable.

Echo has to learn to accept her lot in life.  She doesn’t see herself as being anything special and, in fact, doesn’t wish to be great.  But she was called to a great and difficult task—not to mention frightening.  Facing the darkness is scary, but with the light that God instills into our hearts and minds, the darkness becomes a lot less formidable.  God is able to create strength in our weaknesses and then uses that strength to help us overcome the darkness.

Brecker is deceived by something that seems right, but is not of the Light.  There is so much of this in the world today and it comes from the “Angel of Light”—the devil.  He has a way of making things that are harmful to our spirit seem wonderful and right.  And he’ll use our weaknesses against us to lure us away from God.  Like most of us, Brecker’s greatest weakness was self—he wanted to do things his own way and not listen to the warnings of his dad or his family.  If we ignore the Lord’s instruction and try to go our own way, we are opening ourselves up to the darkness, and it will get a hold on us—and once it has a hold, it’s very hard to break free.  Each of us is capable of falling into that trap—keeping our eyes on God is the key to freedom from deception.

We have to be careful at all times of how we act and react to situations and people because we never know how we might be influencing others—even those we don’t know.  Echo watched Ayden Green defeat a dead sorcerer in the village Ulway.  The kind way he deals with the man greatly affects Echo, even though Ayden is unaware of this.  And, even though Echo is unaware, her smile and enthusiasm toward Ayden encourages him to continue fighting the good fight. (As is explained in “Song of the Sword”—the companion to this story.)

The people of the villages, fearing the shadows that threaten their homes, begin to put their trust in hand-made trinkets.  (Jiggers’ necklaces).  Jiggers makes the point how foolish people are to put their faith in false magic instead of the real thing.  As humans, we are so susceptible to this—we like to have something to SEE and TOUCH to put our faith in.  But, “Blessed are those who have not seen and yet have believed.” (John 20: 29b NIV)  Believe in the true magic of Christ—his power—and you will never be without help or comfort.

This wasn’t intentional, but I realized after I wrote the story how Belzac could be symbolic of Satan—not just in the way he deceived Brecker, but the fact that he was once a being of light—a Kavalah—and because of his wishing to dominate everyone and everything, was thrown into darkness, along with his followers. Echo feels pity for him in the end, because he’d forgotten the beauty that Light holds.  She’s like me that way—I just want everyone to feel that Light from God—it’s beauty and comfort and power. 

Echo is told that she possess an ancient, powerful energy. This made me think of God’s Spirit dwelling in us. That power is beautiful, intimate, and amazing. Through Him, we have more power than we could ever dream of--and it is a power of true Light.

Echo has to learn to believe in herself and the light that is given her to overcome the shadows.  And, she has to learn to forgive even her greatest enemy—herself—in order to allow that light to flow through her.  Self doubt and self loathing are big, bad shadows that can consume the light that God wishes to shine through us.  It is important to let go of those things that haunt us—the things that God has forgiven us, but we haven’t forgiven ourselves.  And not just forgiving self, but forgiving all those that we feel have harmed us in some way.  Forgiveness opens the door—it is the key—to allowing the light into our hearts. 

Things—and people—aren’t always what they seem.  Cage is a lesson on not judging others by the actions of their people, families, friends, etc. or by outward appearance.  Water wraiths have a bad rep—and rightly so in some cases.  But, once Echo learns their history, she realizes she was wrong to think that all water wraiths are evil, heartless beings—they have emotions and fears and love just as she does.  If we open our minds and look past outward appearances, that is, stop judging others without really knowing their hearts, we can be a great help to one another.

Keebo (this was unintentional, too) kind of ends up being Echo’s guardian angel.  He is a friend that sticks close and watches her back—even saves her a few times.  Just a reminder that we are never alone in this world—God and his heavenly hosts are near no matter where we go.  (Is that awesome or what?)

I’m not sure I fully fleshed this idea out, but Echo and Shimmer’s connection with each other is showing how we are so strongly connected to one another.  We all long to have a great connection with someone like they do.  Having a great connection with the Lord is what I long for most of all—I find when I’m closest to Him, I also feel a lot more connected to those around me.  He opens my mind and heart and I can “see” others more clearly.

I chose flying horses because, one, I’ve always daydreamed about them ever since I was little. And, two, I love clouds (and the idea of flying freely through them) and here’s why:

Psalms 104:3  “He makes the clouds his chariot.”
Nahum 1:3  “The clouds are the dust of His feet.”
Luke 21:27  “The Son of Man will come riding on a cloud.”
1 Thess. 4:17  “We will be caught and meet with Him in the clouds.”
Clouds cause us to look up—toward God.  I love watching lazy clouds drift across the sky—it’s peace.  Storm clouds can be beautiful, too.  Depending on the condition of our soul, they can be frightening or beautiful.  Through storm clouds, we can find beauty in our lives—tests and trials bring us closer to God.
Similar to Echo’s experience, at some point in our lives we find that we are more than what we think we are; and belong to something—or someone—greater than anything we could’ve ever imagined. We we truly find the Lord, we find peace, we find joy, and we find love powerful enough to cast out all shadows.
There is so much more I could write, but it would probably end up being another book!  My hope is that you will find many more hidden spiritual lessons throughout the books as you read.


Let the Lord lift your dreams on the strength of His wings.


About the Author

K.L. Bauman often dreamed of winged horses while growing up in the wide-open spaces of Eastern Montana’s plains and badland areas. The big sky, prairies, and badlands were perfect places to set the imagination free. Currently, she enjoys spending time with the Lord, being with her family, reading, writing, watching movies, and observing nature. Kristi lives in a small Eastern Montana town with her husband, two daughters, two dogs, and two cats.

Conntect with the Author Online:
https://facebook.com/pages/The-Shadow-Thief/4141824620119868?ref=hl
