
The Knight and the Sorceress:
Book One: The End and the Beginning
By Bruce S. Stewart
Published by Bruce S. Stewart at Smashwords
Copyright 2019 Bruce S. Stewart



This is a work of fiction.  Any similarities between characters in this book and persons living or dead are purely coincidental.  
NOTE:  This work is intended for adult audiences and should not be read by minors or where such writings are prohibited.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you are reading this book, and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents

Chapter 1 Death
Chapter 2 Megwyn
Chapter 3 His Grace
Chapter 4 Ambush
Chapter 5 Succor
Chapter 6 Triage
Chapter 7 Morning
Chapter 8 Battle of Highbridge
Chapter 9 Templeton
Chapter 10 Dreaming
Chapter 11 Awakening
Chapter 12 Conversations
Chapter 13 Dinner
Chapter 14 Another Morning
Chapter 15 Inspiration
Chapter 16 Workout
Chapter 17 Post Coital Conversation
Chapter 18 More Conversations
Chapter 19 Movement
Chapter 20 Feast
Chapter 21 Fugitive
Chapter 22 Loving
Chapter 23 Building
Chapter 24 The Battle of Westport Part I
Chapter 25 The Battle of Westport Part II
Chapter 26 The Battle of Westport Part III
Chapter 27 Westport Conversation
Chapter 28 Parley at the Citadel
Chapter 29 Report
Chapter 30 Epilogue
About the Author

Chapter One – The end of the tale
It was a beastly night.  The driven rain lashing at the walls gave the impression that nature herself was in anguish along with the occupants of the castle.  Three days the storm had lasted, three days and nights of lightning flashing and the rolling sound of thunder like war bands of knights locked in eternal combat.  Three turns of a planet around its sun as the occupants of Castle Northridge waited.
All the servants moved about the keep quietly, speaking only in hushed whispers, as if the soon-to-be widow in the high chamber would be disturbed.  The chamberlain had issued no orders for this subdued attendance.  It was simply being done, as if by common consent.  Each person, letting his or her thoughts move quite naturally to the events transpiring in the high chamber while they completed their tasks, each servant and servitor becoming, in this manner, part of the events taking place in the master’s chamber.  Each one of them was a part of the life of the manor, part of the endless cycle of life itself.
The master’s chamber was the second largest room in the castle.  It sat over the great hall below it and except for the wardrobe, Megwyn’s work room, and Robert’s study, it would have been the same size.  Those three rooms cut approximately sixteen feet off the chamber leaving a room thirty by twenty feet.  The ceiling was stained wood, sufficient to support the fighting platform at the top of the dungeon (the central keep of the castle) while the stone walls, as was common in castles, was covered in white plaster.  There were two windows on the two longer sides of the room while a fireplace was affixed to the outside wall, facing the bailey was the fireplace, sharing a wall with the great hall fireplace, below it. 
In the Master’s chamber a fire burned in the fireplace.  Over the mantle the arms of Northridge were carved into the rock.  Vert, three dragons seatant Or with the motto “First with Honour” on a banner beneath the escutcheon.  It seemed a fitting motto for the first man to bear it.  Two candleholders of 8 candles each increased the illumination of the room.  Their light showed a chamber hung with tapestries.  Many of them were tributes to deeds of the Master woven by his lady.  On the floor, carpets covered the thick wood.  On the wall, over the bed, hung the sword Defender, his sword, the sword of a warrior.  The lights casting shadows as the occupants sat in thought.
Robert, first Earl of Northridge, one-time champion of a queen, knight of the order of Filias, beloved of Megwyn was fighting his last battle in this life.  His breathing now ragged and slow, was barely lifting the once powerful chest.  He was a large man his white beard and hair had once been chestnut in color and the arms capable of swinging a sword or controlling a lance for an entire day.  Not tall, he stood barely five foot eleven inches; his broad shoulders and well-muscled chest had served the old warrior well through a lifetime of blood and strife.
Sitting at the right side of the bed was a most beautiful woman.  She was very tall, even for an Elf.  Six feet and two inches when standing, she had hair the color of rich mahogany, highlighted in chestnut, and green eyes that often sparkled merrily as she spoke.  Megwyn’s features were fine; her high cheekbones giving her face a noble aspect.  Her lips were full and showed kindness with a firmness that made her a natural match for her mate.  Most striking of all were her hands, the long thin fingers terminated with beautifully shaped and painted nails.  Today, they were painted the burgundy that Robert liked best.  She held herself as the daughter of a king that she was, and as the Lady of Northridge should.  Her frame was lithe and almost ethereal.  When she moved, she moved with the grace her race was famous for.  
Others were in the room, they sat around the bed, each absorbed in thought.  A strange assortment of people bound together by their love and devotion to the old man slowly dying on the bed.  Eight people gathered around the man they had loved, led, or followed, some for nearly three score years.  Each now saw the old man through eyes focused on events in the past.  Each one of them remembering why they were here in the master’s chambers of Northridge castle, each remembering the passage of years, each proud to have known and served, or been served by, the old man in the bed.  
Roland, one time squire and now Chamberlain for the earl, sat on a chair by the door, still performing his duties of guarding and regulating his master’s chamber.  Only three years the junior of Robert, Roland was an imposing man.  Nearly six feet six inches in height with a large frame that showed the effects of years of campaigning; he was every inch a warrior.  His silver hair and beard giving grace to a face lined with the cares of life.  But his eyes so blue shone with a fire that explained the attraction of the Earl for his chamberlain.  Here was an intelligence and kindness evenly balanced by a warrior’s need for justice that had made the two men life-long friends.
Gareth and Gawain, who by their looks betrayed their kinship to Megwyn, sat next to her.  Her half-brothers had been in Robert’s and Megwyn’s service for nearly a human lifetime, Gareth, as captain of Roberts Guard and Gawain as Megwyn’s.  Each of them exhibiting sadness that was odd for Elves.  The usual aloofness of Elves concerning the things of men was totally absent in this room this night.  Like all Elves, they were slightly uncomfortable in the castle room.  Their kind being much more accustomed to dwellings that maintained much of the forests, they had never acquired an appreciation for the box-like rooms men preferred.
By the fire, his lyre now silent, sat Callas, Robert’s long time friend and minstrel.  His heart was too heavy to play.  That single fact was such a different condition for Callas, whose fingers and voice being much known to grace any occasion, and who would play at Robert’s funereal, ere long.  Mayhap that knowledge was the key to what kept him silent at this moment.
On the left side of the bed sat two young people.  Because they so resembled Robert and Megwyn they could only be Andrew, his son and Merwyld his daughter. The children sat holding hands, comforting each other.  Andrew, like his father, was build rather low to the ground with a deep chest and heavy arms.  He was graced with his mother’s soft face and his ears betrayed his part-Elvin heritage with their pointed appearance.  Merwyld was a light-haired version of her mother with Megwyn’s looks and only the hazel eyes of her father to betray her human heritage.
The last occupant stood by the fire staring into it.  He was a tall man, broad of shoulder and his body betraying his occupation of warrior.  His hair was long, and blond, now held behind his head by a circlet of gold.  He had arrived last night, under the banner of the Earl of Warden, and insisted that he be addressed by that title only; everyone in the room knew that it would be unseemly for a king to stand deathwatch on an earl.  So, King David would be addressed as his Excellency, the Earl of Warden for the duration of his watch.
Megwyn the Elvin Lady Northridge, wife of the old knight sat with tears coursing down her cheeks.  Her elegant dark hair, for once lying as it willed, not bound by cord or spell, showed the neglect of several days of patient attendance upon her beloved.  As a sorcerer/priestess she was acting as physician, confessor, and wife at the same time.
What strange circumstances would cause a king, a master minstrel, two Elvin princes, an Elvin Priestess/princess, and an educated human to patiently attend the death of a human?  Each of them had a story of that reason and each story was different, but tied each of them irrevocably up with the old man on that bed.  He was, and perhaps would always be, the force that drew them together, that forged them into a power that allowed them to become everything they could ever be.
Often has it been said that Elves should never become involved in the things of men.  Men, whose span of life is so short, often live life with a passion that defies Elvin logic.  Perhaps there was some of that in the decision of Gareth and Gawain to help the two men they found that day so long ago.  Perhaps it was the qualities of goodness and inherent honesty that they detected in Robert so many years ago; perhaps it was simply that his passionate love for his king and kingdom caused them to want to be part of something so good and noble.
The old man on the bed moved suddenly, with evident pain he forced his eyes open and looked at his lady.  A small smile brought his face to light and his eyes sparkled briefly at the sight of her.  Megwyn took his right hand in both of hers and smiled at him.  Robert took a deep breath and said “I love you,’”
 “And I thee” was Megwyn’s response.  With that, his eyes closed and his breathing ceased.
It took a moment for anyone to realize that it was over.  Megwyn placed Robert’s hands over his chest, stood, and lifted Defender from her place over the bed.  Walking around the bed she handed the sword to Andrew.  She placed the sword with the pommel under his two hands, its tip resting on the floor.  Slowly she knelt in front of her son and with a voice cracking with emotion spoke the necessary words, “Here do I do homage and swear fealty to Andrew, Earl of Northridge, to serve and to obey, thus swear I Megwyn, widow of Robert, daughter of Corrental; now Dowager Countess of Northridge.”  
It took Andrew a moment to realize that he was now required to speak the words his father had always spoken.  It seemed alien to him.  This is what the Earl, his father did.  When his mother’s eyes prompted him a second time he completed the act of fealty.  “This do I hear, and will never forget.  To act as your champion and liege lord, protecting and defending as long as there is strength in my arm, thus do I swear, Andrew … Earl of Northridge”.  
David walked to the door and spoke to his marshal.  “My lord, pray raise the Standard of the King over these walls and place the banner at half staff in mourning for my friend.”  The marshal nodded, his eyes sharing the grief of his liege for a friend now gone, “Yes my liege”.  He gave the required orders to a knight.  Those orders would cause four knights, all of them heirs to Earldoms, to raise the king’s royal banner over the gatehouse of Northridge castle, bunted in black, at half staff in mourning.
Callas stood and spoke the required words, “The Earl is dead”.  A moment later, from the throats of all those present the response “Long live the Earl” was heard.  He picked up his lyre and began to sing a favorite song of Robert’s.  It seemed quite fitting that a song of the old Earl first serenade the new Earl.  He had given better performances before and in sooth, had his old master heard this rendition, perhaps Callas would still be an apprentice.  But then again, maybe it was the finest performance of his life, given the circumstances.
One at a time they all touched Megwyn and departed the room.  Finally she was alone with Robert.  Thirty-five years of memories flooded her.  Years filled with hope, despair, love, and sometimes hurt and anger.  She looked down at the body, now empty on the bed and her mind returned to the day she met him.  Almost without thinking she began her death-tribute song to him, her life with this man unfolding slowly in song.
Chapter 2 Megwyn
The ten foot by eight foot room was dimly lit, from a single candle by the heavy wooden door set in the west wall.  It was a sparsely furnished wooden walled room by any standards. Along both longer sides the collected magical lore of several lifetimes was stacked, nearly floor to ceiling.  On the east wall was a low table its top now covered with scrolls, books, chalk, and melted wax.
The assorted codices and scrolls had been collected over the lifetimes of six of the maternal ancestors of the woman who knelt in the center of the room, concentrating fiercely on a single candle, set in a single candlestick.  As all of those ancestors, and the woman kneeling, were elves, this meant that the books collected and preserved here represented approximately 1,800 years.
The woman, candlestick, and candle sat in the center of a chalked six-foot circle of power, her concentration, evidently on the final stage of a spell because when all physical components of a spell were set, it was time for the power of the spell caster to complete the spell with her power and abilities, so, in the end, that personal power set the limits of her spells power.
Megwyn, the kneeling apprentice sorceress, had spent hours preparing for this spell.  Although all sorceresses could control some aspects of all four of the elements (air, earth, water, and fire, it was to one of these elements that each had a special affinity and through which she could manifest the most powerful spells.  Megwyn’s affinity was for fire and it was through this spell, her masterpiece, if you will; with which she was being tested.  Success would take her from the ranks of the apprentices, such rank displayed by the yellow robe she wore, to that of a journeyman.  At this level, Megwyn would continue to practice her art, and serve people, until she founded her own temple to the Goddess Evelyn and began to train her own apprentices as a Master Sorceress.
All elves have some inherent magical ability; however males nearly always manifest their power through archery or the sword.  Females’ talents, more often, tend towards the ability to manage the physical world through spells or simple incantations.  Although all elven women had some talents in the magical area, a rare few, less than five percent were powerful enough to allow them access to the ranks of apprentice and only through hard work, and diligent application of talent, could she qualify to present a masterpiece to the assembled sorceresses of her temple and, if successful, achieve journeyman status.
This then explained the concentration exhibited by Megwyn.  Her velvety green eyes focused constantly on the base of the candle’s wick, her lips whispering the words of the incantation insuring perfect diction and erudition of the ancient words.  It wasn’t as if Megwyn hadn’t conjured light before.  This would make the fifth time she had correctly performed the spell, the other four times witnessed by her mentor, Hazlen.  
Today, Megwyn had performed every step in the spell to perfection, and observed every rite with exactitude.  She had arisen before sunlight and taken her ritual bath in the pools below the temple.  This was followed by carefully creating the containment circle within which she sat now.  Each element of the circle had to be painstakingly created, as the council would be passing judgment on her work, and should there be the slightest deficiency, she would not be allowed to cast her spell.
Each of the cardinal points of the circle had to match, exactly, the compass point to which it linked.  The ancient language spelled out, for each of the elements, its function within the circle.  “North, source of water, sustainer of life, flow into this circle and give it health.”  “South, symbol of earth, where all creation resides, anchor this circle and keep it true,”  “West, home of the wind, bring air to my circle and make it strong.” And to the element with Megwyn’s strongest affinity, “East, home of the sun and the source of all energy, give this circle power to hold within it all magic cast therein.”
When she was done casting the circle, Megwyn stepped out of the circle and felt the power of the containment spell.  Her carefully trained eyes roamed over the circle, searching every symbol, every stroke of the chalk, looking for any flaw that could be found and, even to her very critical eye she saw none.
Leaving the workroom, Megwyn returned to her chamber, it was time for another ritual bath and a change of clothing.  She would wear her best robes, the ones with the fewest burns and marks from almost correctly performed spells.  And she smiled at herself as she thought, “yes, and the ones with the fewest food stains too.”  For a moment she allowed her mind to reflect on how she would feel if, upon her return to the workroom, she found the temple sign for condemned on the door.  If the council found error in her containment ring, ,they would seal the room with the cypher “ri” signifying “forbidden” and Megwyn would have to report to Hazlen and to be told whether the council found her talents worthy of another year’s training, or, if she should be released from the priesthood and returned to her family.  Of course, no matter what negative fate eventually awaited her, first Megwyn would be sent into the workroom to bring the circle down, clean every trace of its creation from the floor, and to insure all the materials used were destroyed.  It was not permitted that any tool, which had been used in a flawed spell, be used again, in case the problem with the spell was inherent in the material itself.
The sigh of relief that Megwyn uttered when she returned from her second ritual bath, wearing her best yellow apprentice gown girded with the burgundy-red sash of an apprentice-in-testing, when she found no glyph upon the door, and could feel the power of the circle from the other side of the door, was probably audible throughout the temple.  One missed chalk-mark, one misspelled word, one flaw in the wax from which the candle was cast, or a hidden flaw in the candle holder she had thrown in the pottery shop for this test would have signified that her spell couldn’t even start, that she had made such an easy, fundamental mistake, that the temple would have to consider whether she was even worthy to continue training.
The Megwyn who knelt upon the floor this day, slowly and carefully reciting the incantation for light, was in her seventy-fifth year (as the humans computed things) or about the age when a squire might be considered ready for knighthood, in the human kingdoms, usually about twenty-five.  It was known to happen that a priestess might fall in love and with such a bonding, greater power was achieved.  However; such true love was seldom found and few of the sorceresses gained this level of power from love.  Most of those who fell in love to this extent married, although not that all sorceresses married, but for some inexplicable reason, those who did fall in love did marry and they found nuances of power and added complexities to their spells that made them the finest sorceresses in the land.
Hazlen herself had been married to a Knight of Filias, and in fact, two of her retainers were her daughters, Agatha (her steward) and Norena (her secretary) were the children of that union.  Megwyn always found it depressing that most of the population thought badly of the half-elven children of such couplings.  They were ostracized and considered unclean by many humans and elves.  Because most of the high ranking sorceresses had been married to knights, many of them were the mothers of such half-elven children and showered a great deal of love on their children.  Megwyn herself could understand none of the discrimination that both humans and elves often exhibited as they pursued some pure racial ideal that these poor half-elves violated.  Because only the sorceresses themselves understood the power and beauty of the elven-human pairings, and so, had a much more positive attitude concerning the offspring of these unions, most of the half-elven worked within the temples.
As Megwyn stared at the wick, she began to feel the temperature of the candle rise.  It was growing slowly, just as it should.  As the incantation came to an end, the wick burst into a bright yellow-white flame and Megwyn, smiling, used her powers to regulate the flame down to a more normal yellow and sat back.  
She noticed that her brows were covered in a thin layer of perspiration, and she felt the usual sense of being very tired.  Not that this spell would tax her unduly, but added to the very intense level of power that a containment circle took to create and maintain, Megwyn had expended a considerable amount of energy.  It had been worth it though, the candle burned correctly, the ceramic holder was still intact, the circle was complete and flowing as Megwyn could feel every element working in harmony to insure that all magic within the circle was sealed from everything without.
The door behind her opened and the eleven members of the temple council walked into the room.  Six walked to the left, and five walked to the right of the circle, until the circle was itself encircled.  The eleventh, Mistress Hazlen walked around the circle, from left to right, to stand before her apprentice.  At Hazlen’s sign, Megwyn closed the circle, releasing each element while thanking it for participating in her ritual.  The room seemed oddly quiet without the hum of power from the circle.
Hazlen smiled down at her former apprentice.  “Megwyn, you have done as well as I expected you to do.  Every element of your spell, from the selection of the clay and chalk you used to the final incantation was flawless.  As I expected, you are no longer my apprentice, but a sorceress in your own right.  I must, by ancient custom, ask you to remove those robes you are wearing, as they are no longer yours, and to don this, my last gift to you, your burgundy robes of a sorceress.  I also must ask you if you will honor me by wearing my glyph upon your shoulder as a mark of who you trained under and who is so very proud of you.
Megwyn rose gracefully and unbelted her apprentice robes, she let the belt drop to the floor and removed her gown over her head.  Two of her sister sorceresses entered the now defunct circle and helped her don the burgundy robes of a sorceress of Evelyn, burgundy with long, flowing blue sleeves.  Her belt, now of blue was fastened around her.  Hazlen walked up to her and was the first to hug Megwyn.  Whispering into Megwyn’s left ear, “I am, oh so proud of you today.  You always had the talent to be a sorceress, but when you first arrived here, I wondered if a spoiled king’s daughter would ever learn the self-control and discipline necessary.  You have done so better than I could have hoped.  Now accept the accolades of your sisters and prepare to go downstairs to the feast as your Father has decided to celebrate with you today.”
As Megwyn hugged each of her other sister sorceresses, she wondered about the appearance of her father.  Not that her father was cold or uncaring, not by elven standards, it was just that elves were more noted for their courtesy and honor than for their passion.  It wasn’t’ that elves didn’t love, they did, they just did so within a very strict framework of logic and restraint. And now was King Corrental here celebrating his daughter’s elevation, or, to inform her of her next quest?  “Well, only time will tell,” thought Megwyn as she smiled at and with her sister sorceresses.
The sun peaked out between the hills setting a mottled pattern of the leaves on the forms still wrapped in their blankets.  Robert sat on a log, at the outside eastern edge of the simple camp they men had made last night.  Rob was in command of this contingent of the Knights of Fillias.  Their mission was to try to flush out some bandits that had been plaguing the northern frontier, along the border with the Elven kingdom of Mithrea.  That was part of the problem for within the Kingdom of Castrea there was a growing movement of anti-Elven feeling that was concentrated in organizations with names like “The Racial Purity League.”  Short-sighted idiots they might be, but they were a factor in everything the kingdom had to do.
Rob took another drink of the morning klah, a drink made from dried fruits, ground nuts, and some herbs that many found a boon to waking in the morning.  He thought about the mission, his men, but most of all he thought about how beautiful a morning was and how it was time to wake the men and get moving again.
Walking over to Squire Alessandro he gently shook the young man awake.  Alessandro woke with a start.  Rising quickly to his six-foot height and looking around quickly with his piercing blue eyes Alessandro ended up focused on Sir Robert.  “All is well, Sir Knight?”
“Aye, all is well Alessandro.  It is simply time to awaken the men, break our fast, hitch the teams and continue our mission.”  Rob smiled at the young man as he spoke.  “So, let us be about our business today and continue our westward progress.  Awaken the men and I will waken the knightly brethren, heh.”  Moving towards the three other knights Robert listened carefully to the sounds of Alessandro rousing the others and concentrated on his task for the morning.
Chapter Three – His Grace
His Grace, Paylor, younger brother of King Richard was admiring himself in the mirror as he dressed.  He liked what he saw.  His body was a perfectly proportioned, five-foot-eleven inches and at one-hundred-and-eighty-five pounds, flowing dark brown hair, he knew himself to be the epitome of a handsome nobleman. As he closed the black silk robe about himself his attention focused on his face.  He had a rather square shaped face, with large brown eyes and striking sensual lips accented by his high cheekbones and the stylish thin beard and moustache he wore.  Yes, this, was the form a true king would wear, not like that weak-chinned brother if his.
The door of the chamber opened and his chamberlain, Brontos, entered.  “Shall I dispose of her, Your Grace?”  Brontos was a rather short, older man with a mostly bald pate, shallow skin, but penetrating intelligent eyes.  He stood within the doorway awaiting his Master’s instructions.  He motioned towards the bed as he asked his question.
Paylor’s eyes shifting to the quite beautiful red-haired fourteen-year-old on the bed, Paylor considered his answer.  “Put her in with my other play toys, Brontos.  I enjoyed her and as long as her girlish charms amuse me, I shall keep her.  There will be time to decide her final fate, when I have tired of her.  Be quick in establishing her in the harem and meet me in my study.”  That last said as Paylor strode from the small bed chamber he used to entertain young girls.  The room was conveniently distant from Her Grace, Constance’s chambers and prevented the repetition of a scene some years ago that had damaged Paylor’s digestion, for nearly an entire meal.
Paylor entered his wardrobe and began to carefully select his clothing.  As usual, he chose black trews, a black tunic trimmed in gold cloth and silver embroidery.  He let the long full sleeves settle onto his arms and smiled as his body servant wrapped a black belt around his waist and fastened it, carefully looping the end of the leather over and through the belt, insuring that the duke’s crest, engraved and enameled on the endplate of the belt would rest directly on his grace’s privates.  Paylor so loved to watch people’s eyes being drawn to that part of him that he was oh so proud of, and which he had used to such good effect all his adult life.
His groomsman fastened the garters above each of the duke’s calves and slipped his grace’s feet into black, kid-leather boots.  The groom then held out a pair of soft black kid-skin gloves.  Paylor shook his head and the groom diligently tucked the gloves into the duke’s belt so that the rich embroidery of them would be visible to any who saw his grace.  Placing a feathered black chaperon upon the duke’s head, the groomsman stepped back to insure his grace would have an unimpeded view of himself in his full length mirror.  The existence of this mirror alone was a testament to the vanity of the duke.  Cast in bronze its nearly flawless surface was the result of the efforts of no fewer than a score of talented craftsmen and had cost more than a years income from an average fiefdom.  Paylor smiled, he called his mirror “Anno” the ancient word for year just because of its cost.
Pleased with his look, Paylor exited the wardrobe and crossing the hallway ascended the circular stairs up three flights to his private study in the highest room in the tower.  His mind acknowledging many small facts, Paylor reflected on the constant right turning of the circular stairs, a twist insuring that an attacker, even if he fought his way into the keep, would be hampered as much as possible as his sword hand would be pressed against the center column and his weapon much encumbered.  No possible deterrent to his safety was missing from his castle, from the merlins, crenels, and murder-holes on the curtain walls, towers, and gatehouses to the simply design of his stairway.
Brontos was waiting for his master just outside the single door.  Taking his key from the chain around his neck, Paylor opened the door and entered his study, followed by Brontos.  Paylor took the chair behind the massive, elegant wooden desk and Brontos stood in front of it, his hands folded, awaiting his master’s pleasure.
“Brontos, I have been looking over the books and the rents and tenths seem to be in order, although the shire of Haven’s returns are down significantly.”
“Yes Your Grace, the plague has struck them particularly hard and they also suffered a pirate raid a three-month back.”
“I see, I suppose I should be merciful and I will give them two years to make up the deficiency.  Although I expect a partial payment each six-month until it the total is accounted for.”
“Yes Your Grace, I shall so inform the headman and I will monitor their yields and outputs carefully to insure that your tenth is complete.”
“I would expect no less from you, Brontos.  Now, the society is growing well and I am hoping to use them soon to begin affecting the policies of Castrea.  We need to begin some simple anti-elven and half-elven demonstrations soon.  I want you to choose the location and find a suitable faire-day about a quarter from today to cause the righteous indignation of the people for Richard’s overly accepting policies towards the accursed.  You can do that without a problem?”
“Yes, Your Grace, but it will take the expenditure of some money to accomplish.”
“How much money, do you feel will be necessary?”
Brontos did some quick figuring in his head and replied, “A hundred marks, should suffice, Your Grace.”
Paylor opened a chest behind his desk and carefully counted out ten gold coins which he then placed in a small leather pouch and handed the pouch to Brontos.  “There, I expect to be summoned to a council meeting in about a hundred days to discuss this growing anti-elven problem.”
Brontos carefully picked the pouch off the desk and placed it in his belt pouch.  “As you wish, Your Grace.”
“Now, have we set an accident for our faithful Knights of Filias within the Elven forest?”
“We have Your Grace.”
“And is this accident untraceable to me, should there be any slip-up?”
“Yes Your Grace.  The mercenaries have been hired in the city of Elyos, in the Kronan Kingdom.  They were hired on different days by different agents and paid in Kronan marks.  All the agents who hired them have returned to Castrea and there is no chance anyone could trace them to you as I am the only person who knows where their orders originated.”
“Have we a scouting party, at the eastern border of our duchy, ready to find the bodies so the report can be given to my dear brother Richard?”
“We do have, they are currently in the shire of Coventy, and when the next merchant, moving in from the east discovers the bodies of the Knights and their party, Sir William and his men will ride posthaste and discover the bodies.  The state of the bodies should require that they be immediately buried, so that will reduce questions to a minimum.  I have informed him to bring me the heraldry from the knights so they can be officially mourned as martyrs.”
“I could not have planned this better myself.  I am very well pleased.”  As Paylor spoke, he opened his chest and removed three gold marks which he tossed to Brontos.  “There is a very practical expression of my pleasure, sirrah.”  I am going to the village for the evening.  Have that red-head, in the bed waiting for me, what is her name?”
“Her name is Maurine, My Lord.”
“Yes, Maurine, insure she is bathed and anointed with perfume for me when I return this evening.”
“As you wish, My Lord.”  Brontos backed from the desk and turned leaving the tower room with some speed.  “Six marks should take care of the riot and four will recompense the people of Haven for the money that Paylor was extorting.  How long can I keep this duplicity up?  Well, as long as I can I can at least try to undo some of the behaviors of his grace.”  That last thought brought a wry smile to Brontos’ face.  “How incongruous, a man with no grace who receives that title by birth, certainly not by nature.”  Descending the stairs quickly, Brontos hurried to accomplish his duties.
Chapter Four – Ambush
The woods were quiet, perhaps too quiet.  The three knights, with their three squires and nine serjeants rode in a familiar formation.  One squire with a serjeant in the van a single serjeant riding on each flank, oh, perhaps a bit too close in the dense, packed forest road, a squire and three serjeants in the rear, the knights, and Robert’s squire Roland, riding in an arrowhead formation followed by the supply wagon driven by one serjeant with the other two serjeants riding on its flanks for protection.  
The commander, Sir Robert, was well aware of the weaknesses of his current position, but the road passed through Highridge Wood and there was nothing that could be done except to have camped at the south side of the woods, spent the day reconnoitering the woods with part of his force while the rest guarded the wagon.  There were risks in that method as well as it would divide his forces and subject it to defeat in detail, so … Robert had chosen to use the best defensive formation available to him and to punch through the woods in a single day, thus limiting his exposure.
It was the third day of a nine-day patrol of the northern border of the kingdom.  Robert was a member of the Knights of Filias, an order of knights sworn to the protection of the kingdom and especially its roads.  The knights were sworn to the King’s service through the king’s officer, the Grand Master of the Order of the Knights of Filias.  And, part of their duties was regular patrols of the roads of the kingdom, and its borders.
The Northridge Wood was usually a secure area, mostly because the elves of the Kingdom of Mithrea, just to the north of Castrea held its northern edge and were exceptional woodsmen and warriors. The Knights of Filias’ usual routine was to rout out and destroy single bandits or, more often, gangs of bandits that preyed upon travelers.  Such activities reduced merchant traffic, detracting from the revenues to both mercantile interests and the taxes of the crown and was often a factor in the defection of regions from royal control as people sought protection from those who could provide it and if a king could not, then other nobles were often willing to step into that void.  King Richard was not the type of king to either shirk his duties, or to suffer parts of his kingdom to slough away from lack of attention.
As was normal, for these patrols, Sir Robert was dressed as a rich merchant, in fine green woolen robes, with a broad-brimmed white leather hat to provide some protection from the sun.  His feet were encased in soft kid boots that covered his hose-clad legs to the top of his calves.  He was a large man with a massive chest and shoulders not usually associated with a merchant.  The disguise would have been harder to believe if the long and flowing sleeves of his green and yellow tunic had not covered his evident muscularity.  His hazel eyes were ever moving, looking for any tell-tale sign of an ambush.  
It was usual for the Knights of Filias to assume this disguise during their patrols.  Sir Robert, as the oldest and highest ranking of the Knights, being thirty-five and a knight of the third circle, assumed the role of the wealthy merchant and Sir Andrew and Sir Aymer acting as bachelor knights, hired for the journey and the serjeants and squires giving the appearance of hired mercenaries.  
The knights, except for Robert, were clad in mail with their steel helmets hanging from their saddles.  The squires and serjeants were wearing simple studded leather armor appropriate for guards.  Each of them carried a crossbow, at the ready, and was armed with a sword and shield.  Robert did have a simple mail shirt under his tunic for protection and, had anyone looked carefully, they would have found a steel plate insert into his fancy hat.
There were seven rings to the organization of the Order of Filias with all members, knights and serjeants, being members of the first ring.  Knights with several years experience were taken to the second ring, and those whose experience and talent lent itself to their being leaders, and who, it was hoped, would move on, were initiated into the third through seventh rings.  Fourth ring knights managed the hostels of the order.  Hostels were called preceptories, and were fortified houses with stables where the members of the order could rest on patrol, or where help could be sent for if needed.  There were twelve of these preceptories in the kingdom.  Fifth ring knights managed four preceptories and would command all those troops in battle, should the entire order be called out.  The Marshal of the order held the sixth ring and the Grand Master, the seventh ring.
Only one squire was accoutered differently than the rest of the first ring troops.  Roland preferred his Elvin bow, six feet of strong ewe with a quiver of a score of bodkin tipped arrows at his back.  Roland was a massive man, six-foot-six-inches in height and nearly two-hundred-eighty-five pounds of muscle.  He had been squired to Sir Robert for the past fourteen years, but their association went back much farther.  They grew up together and as children, the blacksmith’s son, and the knight’s son played, and trained together for their fathers early decided that these two would be linked for life and so Roland’s training as a squire paralleled his future knight’s and, at Robert’s knighting, it was Roland who held Robert’s banner standing proudly behind his friend as Robert received the accolade of knighthood.
Robert’s gaze fell on Sir Aymer and Robert’s thoughts drifted a bit.  Aymer was a young knight, barely twenty-three, tall, and muscular, as all Knights were.  With his long blond hair and flashing blue eyes, quick wit and courtly manners, Robert understood why Aymer had caught the eye of Elyssa, young sorceress of Evelyn.  He and Robert had had long talks, over the past sixmonth about Elyssa, and the order and Robert understood the tough decision that Aymer had to make.  He was in love with an elven sorceress, and also dedicated to the Order of Filias.  However; the decision he had made last night would forever not only change his life, but refocus it.  By choosing to marry Elyssa, Aymer would be restricted to the second ring of the order.  Always a valued and brave member, but never given greater responsibility, nor initiated into the deeper mysteries of the order.  It was a decision the Robert had never been forced to make, but then, Robert had never felt about any woman the way Aymer felt about Elyssa.
Riding next to Sir Aymer was Sir Andrew,  the youngest knight in the party.  At only twenty-one and very newly knighted, Sir Andrew was riding on his second patrol, his first patrol with Robert, and as such was much an enigma to the leader.  Certainly he sat his saddle well, and displayed the martial prowess of a knight.  Andrew was a bit awed to be riding with this experienced party and his naturally shy manner had prevented him from voicing opinions so far, but Robert had hopes that as the party progressed, Andrew, of the brown hair and flashing eyes would open up and become a more lively part of the party.
Suddenly the quiet was broken by the nasty hiss of quarrels flying through the air and the dull thud of their penetration into flesh.  The scream of men and horses as nearly a score of quarrels landed from the left side of the road and men and beasts fell to the ground, some writhing in pain and others lying still in death.  Robert turned to his left in time to watch Sir Andrew take a quarrel through his neck, his hands coming up to grasp his neck as his life’s blood spurted in all directions.  Turning quickly to his right, he watched Sir Aymer receive a quarrel in the right leg and Aymer’s horse take three more in the chest and neck.  Before Aymer could jump free his palfrey fell on his right side painfully trapping his rider under his dead weight.
Looking forward, Robert realized that his vanguard was all down, two writhing on the ground and the third lying still.  Facing to the rear he watched as the rear-guard tried to move forward to assist only to be struck from behind by twelve armored riders coming upon them.  With couched lances, these attackers were evidently trained and experienced warriors which made the work of those five squires and serjeants in the rear guard most difficult.  Five riders, wielding swords, flails, and shields were bearing down on the stricken vanguard as Robert drew his sword Defender, and put spurs to his horse to succor them.
As Robert began to move he heard the whiff of two gull-winged arrows fly past his head and watched as each of the shafts sank into two of the approaching antagonists.  One, struck full in the chest was slowly falling from his horse, hors de combat, while the other shaft protruded from the right shoulder of a second protagonist, rendering him much less effective.  Robert swerved to the left, to avoid the dead, but still mounted rider, and aimed for a third opponent, but before reaching his target Robert felt the searing pain of a quarrel, entering him from his left chest and felt his horse’s dying scream as she must have been struck simultaneously.
At the last moment, Robert was able to extricate himself from the saddle and jump clear of his now dead horse.  A scream was wrenched from his throat as his feet jarred into the ground, but true to his training, he remained upright awaiting the charge of his opponent.  As his enemy’s sword descended, Robert crouched low, using his knees and most of the swing missed cleanly, the tip of the sword, however, cleaved through the soft leather of his hat and only the hidden plate saved Robert’s life.  The blow, however; stunned him and drove him to his knees, an easy target for the two remaining riders.
Robert knelt there, stunned and in pain as a second quarrel slammed into his left arm and he was driven to the ground, lying on his right side, pinning his sword under him.  Through a curtain of pain Robert heard Roland making contact with the rider Robert had intended to tackle and from the sound of a sword entering flesh, and the scream of agony, he knew someone was injured or killed.  The Cry of “Filias” gave Robert some comfort as it signified that Roland’s sword had done the damage and his friend was still alive.
Blackness was overcoming Robert as Roland dismounted and stood over his knight and Robert knew that he was losing consciousness when the sound of birds’ wings flew over him and he vaguely heard the sounds of more men screaming.  He and Roland were acting out, in reality, the heroic end they had played out so often as children.  One of them down and dying, the other standing over the helpless body of the stricken as a colossus, daring any to try to come close enough to claim the coup de grace until both Robert and Roland were dead.
As Roland’s first two arrows left his bow, he realized that Andrew and Aymer were out of the fight, at least, and probably dead.  Robert had swung to the left, to take on the third attacker so Roland aimed for the right-hand most assailant but, a quarrel embedding itself in his thigh upset his aim and the arrow went wide.  He watched, shocked as a second bolt pinned Robert’s left arm to his body and his knight fell to the ground.  Losing no time, Roland threw his bow to the ground and taking up his heavy sword, charged into the fray.  One swipe dispatched the third rider and without thinking, Roland jumped from his horse and stood, bleeding over Robert defying all.  
The two riders descended upon Roland, one from straight ahead, the other to pass to his right.  This forced Roland to make a decision between deflecting the blow to his right, aimed only at him, or thrusting the rider in front, defending Robert.  He thrust the rider coming straight on while trying to twist his body to deflect some of the descending blow from his right.  With his wounded left leg, he was less successful than he might have been and the sword split his helm and cut deeply into him, slicing his right ear mostly off and removing a large chunk of flesh from his head.  As he fell, Roland knew this was the end for the two warriors, blackness welcomed him and he hoped that he and Robert would meet in the warriors heaven to fight, feast, drink, and love for eternity.
Chapter Five – Succor
Gareth was leading a party of Rangers through the very southern extremes of the kingdom.  He and his younger brother Gawain had been following rumors of a large war party, approximately a score in all, heavily armored and armed that had been reported working the highway along Highridge wood, and such a large party could only mean that several bands of bandits had joined forces to ambush a particularly wealthy caravan, or, that the political unrest that had been plaguing the three human kingdoms was about to spill over into Mithrea.  
Gareth, like most elves was tall, lithe, and very strong.  At a hundred-twenty-five years old, he was in the prime of life and a seasoned and experienced warrior.  His hair was typically light brown with penetrating grey eyes and a face most handsome if a bit angular.  He was clad in elven mail, the finest in the world, covered by a thin green leather jerkin.  The jerkin along with his brown trews and boots accounted for some of the difficulty humans had in seeing elves in their woodlands.  A few years younger than Gareth, Gawain was a slightly shorter, carbon-copy of his older brother.
The night before, while encamped, both Gareth and Gawain had determined the most likely two spots for an ambush and decided that Gawain would take five rangers and ride to the second spot, further to the west, while Gareth would keep the other five with him at the first spot they had located.  In both places the thick woods, on ridges slightly elevated on the south side of the road, along with a bend in the road that would prevent the vanguard from assisting the rearguard (or vise-versa) would make excellent ambush sites, and the gang they had been trailing was definitely setting up an ambush.  At the first sign of action, the team encountering the brigands would sound their horn and the other team should be able to join the action in less than thirty minutes.
“It is a good plan, my brother, but I doubt that the second group will ever arrive in time to assist.”
“I know, Gawain, but I can think of no other plan with a possibility of working and the day that six rangers can’t overcome a score of humans, in the forest, I will take the oath and walk to Vandehi myself.”
Gawain smiled at the thought of his most martial brother seeking to become a monk and dedicating his life to prayer and contemplation.  “I would love to live long enough to see that miracle.  The day Prince Gareth, the most renowned warrior the elves of Mithrea have produced in three generations, becomes a peaceful monk.  But, I do have to admire any decision you should make that would place me as heir apparent.”
Gareth punched his brother in the stomach forcing Gawain to double over.  “There, you now have a physical care to take your mind off of becoming heir, or of watching me take the green robes of a monk.”
Both men were smiling at the manifestation of the physical roughhouse that had been part of their relationship for over a century.  “But honestly, Gawain, father thinks this raid is intended to blame the ambush on elves and to foster discord in the kingdom of Castrea and possibly bring the king’s brother, Duke Paylor to the fore again.  Father and I have long believed that Paylor would love to usurp the throne and his racial hatred of elves would be a bad thing for our small kingdom.”
“Aye, as warriors, we are superior to any human, one on one, but, given their numbers, if the three human kingdoms ever united in a racial cleansing war against us, our skills would not be sufficient to win.  It would be the end of us.”
“So, brother, let us get moving before the sun is full in the sky and see if we can prevent whatever that band is attempting, and … with luck find something to help father discredit Duke Paylor and keep the status quo, at the very least.”  The brothers gripped each other, right hand to elbow and eyes focused directly, in the custom of their people, before they began issuing commands to their men.
By the time Gawain had found his way to the second site, the rangers had passed the knights and their patrol and found themselves looking downward at an ambush ready to spring.  One group of five mounted men was stationed at the eastern side of a turn in the road and seven un-mounted men were stationed at the near western side of the turn, the final five mounted warriors were on the road slightly further west.  In all, there were seventeen fighting men, preparing an ambush for the nine men in the knight’s party.  Unfortunately, the patrol was far too close to the ambushers to send a warning so Gawain ordered his men to deploy above directly at the curve and to concentrate their initial efforts on the mounted brigands to the east and ordered his trumpeter to sound loudly when he gave the word.
For Gawain, it was all careful timing now.  His five men were above and to the left of the rearmost ambushers and with any luck, if he could pick off the trailing soldiers first, they would be able to bag the entire group; although things in the van would be touchy as the knights patrol would be unaware of the ambush until it could be sprung and his elves wouldn’t be able to shift their fire to the vanguard for three to five flights of arrows, perhaps as long as it takes to say a single prayer, and praying was all the extra help he could afford for the human vanguard right now.
As the second group of knights rounded the curve, leaving the wagon and its five guards on the other side of the ambush Gawain gave the signal, his trumpeter sounded the call, startling the ambushers and three flights of arrows flew into the five rear attackers, who had just launched their attack   The knights at the rearguard were startled to see gray-fletched arrows, more than a yard long fly into their attackers and quickly all five were transfixed with two or three arrows each and were falling from their horses.
The gamble that Gawain had taken insured that the rear attack would falter, but since his signal would initiate the attack in the van, and his archers would have to redeploy to have any chance of hitting the eastern two groups, Gawain knew that the humans would have to take the brunt of the fight for at least three minutes and a lot could happen in those minutes.  As quickly as they could, Gawain got his rangers moving to the left, as the obvious sounds of battle came to him from the western flank.
By the time Gawain and his rangers were in position, most of the human vanguard was down.  Just beyond the curve in the road two of the knights were lying in pools of blood and one of them was evidently dead, just a bit further west another four humans were down, only one of those was moving, the brightly colored one, with the single remaining mounted human hastening forward in support.  “Loose,” he commanded his rangers hoping they could help turn the tide for even if the rearguard could move forward quickly, they would simply become fodder for those crossbowmen.
His archers reduced the crossbowmen to a single enemy, and that one was crawling in an attempt to get away from the Elvin barrage that had quickly turned their ambush into a death trap.  One of the assailants in the far western group was still mounted, but he was aware that he was now alone and with the five humans from their rearguard moving forward, he elected to reverse direction and flee.  His movements so quick and his retreat so hasty, that he managed to gather only a single arrow in his lower back, but remained astride and was soon out of range around a turn in the road.
“Uther, Benki, after that last archer, I don’t want him killed, if you can avoid it.”
“Gawain, what about that last rider?” One of his men, Quintis asked him.
“Let him go.  He is hit, and we would waste time gathering our horses back.  No, those humans on the ground need help and that is the most important task we have now.  When Gareth arrives, mounted, he can take up the trail. A bloody trail from a wounded beast shouldn’t be hard for a ranger to follow.”
Gawain and his three remaining rangers began to carefully descend to the road.  Gawain was careful to shout loudly, “We are friends, we are here to help,” in the human tongue and to insure that the remaining humans knew that they were not a threat.  He approached the rearguard, who had circled the two humans who he had watched spare themselves not at all for each other.  He had observed the brightly garbed man, probably a knight, without armor strike out to attack three mounted warriors while already wounded and had seen the small giant rush to his aid and guard his fallen companion, at his own peril and expense.
Gawain came to the road about twenty feet from the humans.  “I am Prince Gawain, with a small party of rangers.  We helped destroy the ambush and would, with your permission, do what we can for your fallen.”  The one remaining squire, Alahendro, was quite evidently frightened and confused.  His blue eyes were rolling and he kept looking left and right wondering what would happen next, his sudden elevation to command a fact he had never contemplated with three knights and two very senior squires in the party.
“My lord,” a grizzled serjeant to his left injected, “These are honorable elves, from Mithrea, and they are evidently the reason we live right now.  The talent of the elves in medicine is well known, and, should these have wished our deaths, we would all be lying with the knights and others of our order right now.  I suggest that we let them do as they can.”
Quite evidently relieved to have someone whose brain was functioning assist, Alahendro smiled at Gawain, “My Lord Prince, please, we would be grateful if you can save any of our fallen.  Serjeant Thomas, take Edward and assess our losses, I will set the others into what guard positions we can and try to protect you as you work, Your Highness.”
Gawain and his rangers quickly performed triage.  It was evident that all of the human casualties were dead except the youngest knight, whose leg had been shattered when his horse fell on it and the bones had punctured the leg in three places, and the two oldest men.  It was doubtful if the young knight would last the night.  The amazing part was that the two older men, who had shown such bravery during the fight, were still alive.
When the rangers got to them, the giant was slumped over the brightly dressed man.  Both of them were bleeding from multiple wounds and the gaudily dressed one was nearly bled out.  The giant whispered, more a croak than a whisper, “Save Sir Robert,” and then passed out.  The rangers carefully removed the giant from over the other man, evidently and the giant, they realized, although badly wounded, should, with care, easily survive.  Triage of the knight, however, indicated that only by the barest of luck, or the intervention of the goddess herself, was he alive.
Gareth and his men rode up during the triage and Gawain and he conversed briefly before Gareth sent two of his rangers to track the wounded assailant and three more were dispatched to guard the party on the road.  
“I have no idea how this Robert still lives.” Gareth informed his brother, “his heart, I believe has been punctured by the quarrel and I am afraid to move him for fear I will do more damage.  I am sending you for a sorceress whose skills may be able to save him.  For now, we shall make him comfortable and spread one of his tents over him.  Place his squire in the tent with him and we will do what we can for them until the temple sends a sorceress.  Gawain, take Entaral and ride like the wind to father.  Tell him what has happened and the condition of the knights, then, get the best sorceress in the Temple of Evelyn here as quickly as you can.  International relations are at stake.”
Chapter Six – Triage
By the time Megwyn arrived at her brother’s camp she had been up for over thirty-six hours without a rest.  Her father’s evident distress the evening of her elevation was incentive enough to make her ride without rest.  She had gone over that conversation numerous times in the hours since she left her father.
Megwyn had walked up to her father at the table, the look in his eyes frightened her as this was not the look of a proud father, for a sorceress who had just passed her test, no, it was the look of a ruler, trying to balance many factors to try to create a positive outcome.  His long face showed the evidence of his lack of sleep and his eyes held a haunted look unlike his usual demeanor.  As Megwyn gave her father a kiss on his left cheek, he whispered to her, “make some excuse and come to my tent just as quickly as you can, what I need to talk to you about could destroy our world.”
Trying to not show concern, Megwyn knelt to her father, “As you wish My Liege,” and backed from the royal presence.  At least her father’s words explained his demeanor, but taken altogether, Megwyn’s curiosity was in full sway.  She turned to her brother Gawain and greeted him, his face showed nearly as much concern as their father, but he smiled at her as they embraced.  
“My Sister, or should I address you as Mistress now, I congratulate you on your elevation.  I know that your award is well earned and thou art well met.”  Then in a sotto voice, “be quick, please, this is worse than you can imagine.”  Stepping back from her Gawain pasted a very faint smile on his face, held her arms tightly in his hands for a few moments, and returned to their father’s table.
Already tired, from her spell casting, and now intrigued by what little her father and brother had imparted to her, Megwyn approached the head table where a seat, on the right of Hazlen had been waiting for her since the places had been set.  Megwyn walked behind the table and Hazlen motioned her to sit.  As Megwyn was sitting, Hazlen signaled Callas, the minstrel and ordered him to play a lively tune.  Callas smiled, nodded and launched into a lively rendition of “The Laundress” a well-loved and bawdy song which quickly had most of the party singing lustily.
“My dear sister, I know not what his majesty is upset about, but he is evidently upset.  In about a quarter of the mark, you will complain of being dizzy and ask my permission to withdraw as you are suffering reaction sickness from your spell.  I, of course, will grant your request and you will return to your cell.  Pack everything you need, and you will find sufficient food for you for two days in a pack.  I hope you can perform whatever magic the king requires, but he asked for the most powerful healer we have, and that is you.”
“Have you any idea what I am to do, or what I should take?”
“Nothing I can actually call knowledge, but I would assume that there are some badly injured people to call for a sorceress, on the day of her elevation, without even a rest, especially the daughter of a king.”
Megwyn watched Callas.  He was the most famous human minstrel and his invitation to an Elvin celebration gave evidence to the popularity of his music and his acceptance by his Elvin neighbors.  As Callas finished “The laundress” he gave Hazlen a knowing look, bowed to head table, then the king’s table and withdrew from the hall.
Megwyn whispered to Hazlen, who nodded and bowing to the table, and to the King’s table, Megwyn withdrew from the hall.  As soon as she passed out of the hall, she exited to the courtyard and walked out to her father’s tent.
A few moments later her father and brother entered the tent and a company of rangers ringed the tent twenty-five feet from the tent providing a reasonably safe ring within which the royal party could converse.  Corrental sat immediately on his chair and motioned for his children to sit with him.  Also included in the invitation was Eliasis, his chamberlain and chief adviser.  Eliasis was quintessentially Elvin.  He was tall, lithe with a very serious face and bright intelligent eyes.  In this he was much like his king, who was much like his son, but with more creases in his face and a slightly receding hairline that marked him as an older elf.
“Here is the situation, Megwyn.  Gareth and Gawain have partially foiled an ambush in the Highridge Woods.  A party of the human Knights of Filias, patrolling, as is their wont, was ambushed in a location that makes casting suspicion on us easy.  One of the three knights was killed and one of the other two is so close to death that if he survives until you get there, I will be amazed.  The political ramifications of this are immense and potentially damaging for us.  The human’s racial purity group is already calling for a cleansing of non-humans from the peninsula and this ambush has the ability to give the reactionary humans the excuse they have been looking for.”
“I understand father and you know I will do what I can.  How badly is this knight hurt?
Gawain looked at his sister, “he was hit with two quarrels, one in his left leg which, except for the blood loss is not serious, but the other entered his chest, from the left and Gareth believes it has punctured the heart.  He isn’t bleeding much, that we can tell, but taking that bolt from him will open up the injury and he will probably bleed out in a few minutes.  His only chance is if you can seal the heart, as the bolt is removed.”
Megwyn looked serious as she contemplated all the tools she would desire for such an emergency.  “I will ride immediately.  It will take me only moments to collect the components and tools I will need for this.  Can you take me to this wounded knight?”
“Gawain will be accompanying you, with a half-century of rangers.  I have already sent and additional century to the ambush site to secure the site and move travelers around the camp, which is in the middle of the road, as no one wanted to move this knight, for fear of killing him.  Oh, you should know that the knight is Sir Robert, a friend of King Richard and a highly respected member of the order.  His squire is also badly wounded.  If we are to clear ourselves of complicity in this affair, we are going to have to save them, for only their word will be sufficient.”
Over and over during the next twenty-four hours Megwyn had gone over these conversations while riding.  She had also discovered that it is possible to sleep while riding a horse, and was grateful for that little rest as she had been up nearly thirty-six hours when she arrived at the ambush site.
In the dark she could barely make out the tent as a darker splotch in the road but the pickets had informed Gareth that she was here and he met her outside the tent.  “How is he?”
“Still alive, but barely.  His squire is in there with him and is holding a sword threatening war if we don’t save his knight.  Luckily, he is just about to pass out again, so we may grant you some time.  Come on, Rowella will bring your pack.”
Megwyn entered the makeshift tent first and was immediately threatened by this giant of a squire, lying on his side, bloody bandages around his head and leg holding a sword shakily.  “If you harm him any, I will kill you.”  The intent, in those eyes made Megwyn certain that the squire would do so, if he could muster the strength to do it.
Pausing for a moment, Megwyn made a simple hand motion with her left hand, whispering three ancient words, and watched as the squire slowly lay down and slept.  A sleep spell was certainly the best thing for the injured squire.  Then she shifted her gaze to the badly wounded knight.
Scanning him quickly Megwyn realized that the loss of blood was almost critical and the heart was fluttering erratically.  Before she could remove the chest quarrel, she was going to have to stabilize this patient and the only way to do that was to give him blood.  Removing her cloak, Megwyn knelt down beside the knight.  
Megwyn began the spell by opening a vein in her left forearm and allowing a couple of drops of her blood to fall into a cup and then taking a few drops of blood from the human she placed them in the cup as well.  The incantation was simple, “Goddess of life, Goddess of right, take this offering, pure in your sight.  Give him the life flow to keep him whole into his veins from this simple bowl.”  Megwyn then focused her Concentrating on his heart and the tip of the quarrel imbedded there, she began to chant, in Elvin, quietly, almost subliminally, beseeching Evelyn for assistance in giving this man more blood.  For a few minutes nothing seemed to happen, then, almost imperceptibly, the knight took a deeper breath and Megwyn could feel the heartbeat stabilize.  
Now, with the patient’s heart having something to work with she could try to withdraw the quarrel.  With care, she sent her senses down the steel shaft of the projectile, feeling through the tissue it had severed when it struck.  Corruption was already present, and, should she get this barb out without killing this knight, she was going to have to spend hours with that tissue.
Eventually her senses reached the tip of the head, luckily for Robert, the tip was a bodkin, and not a broad head and so the damage was much less than it could have been.  Holding the steel quarrel shaft in her hand she let her spirit carry a healing spell deep into the chest of this knight.  As she felt the heart tissue beginning to heal, she withdrew the quarrel enough to clear the heart.  Waiting, sensing the tissue knitting behind the head, Megwyn began a three hour process of removing the quarrel slowly as her spell brought the tissue together behind it and, when encountered, cauterizing dead tissue so it could be drained out of the chest.
It felt like a lifetime had passed as Megwyn concentrated on the shaft and the flesh of the man next to her.  With infinite patience, she worked the spell and her fingers in unison, like a skilled musician with a complicated instrument and suddenly the entire weight of the quarrel was in her hands and in her exhaustion, the quarrel fell to the ground.  Megwyn opened her eyes and for the first time, in the early morning light realized that this man was handsome, and felt a great relief that she had met him.  Speaking first a simple Elvin phrase she next said simply, “he breathes,” before exhaustion overtook her and she slumped down, her head on his shoulder, her left hand over his heart and slept.
Chapter Seven – Morning
Megwyn slowly surrendered to the bright light illuminating her eyes.  “No, it can’t be morning already.”  She realized that she had been rearranged as she could feel someone sleeping deeply next to her.  “Odd, I don’t remember choosing a partner last night, and I am quite certain I was in no condition to engage in any fun, physical activities last night either.”  She finally opened her eyes to find that the knight, Sir Robert was sleeping next to her, and there were blankets placed over both of them.
Megwyn spent some time watching Robert breathe.  She realized that sleeping next to him was a rather comfortable feeling.  Odd she had never spent much time with humans before and so the comfortable, “right,” feeling was odd indeed.  She also came to the realization that the leg wound of Robert’s had been tended and he was no longer wearing the blood-soaked garish garb she had initially found him in.
Sitting up she also realized that the belligerent squire was not in the tent.  Hmm, the men must have removed him after Megwyn fell asleep.  She also noted that Robert had been bathed and he smelled much better than he had last night with the blood and fecal matter all over him.  THAT was a good improvement.  “He is a rather handsome human, I have to admit.  Had he and I been in a condition for a horizontal romp, I believe I would have enjoyed it.”
“Good morning sister of mine.”  Gareth’s smiling face poked into the makeshift tent to take in the sight of his royal sister and a human sharing a bed.  “I have always wanted to catch you the morning after, just to see if you are mellower when sated.”
Megwyn’s eyes flared instantly, and searching frantically, found an elbow cop, a piece of steel armor, and threw it at her brother.  His quick reflexes allowed him to catch it, and he simply laughed heartier for her anger.  “Are all men pigs, your royal highness?” Megwyn glared at her brother while speaking.
“Why yes, didn’t you know that?  But seriously, why don’t you come out of that tent and let your patient sleep a bit more.  We are hoping to get a bit of broth into him today.”
Realizing that her familial antics were definitely getting in the way of her professional demeanor, Megwyn carefully rose from the ground and, gently placing the blankets over Robert, she walked, stooped over, out of the tent.  
The human squire was waiting for her, limping, but upright.  He offered her food, and smiled at her.  “Mistress Sorceress, please accept this breakfast tray.  I tried to find the best available, here you will find a slab of ham, some tubers, fried in grease with onions, two slices of fresh bread, and apple, and a tankard of the best red wine we have.”  
Megwyn was taken aback.  Was this truly the same squire who tried to kill her last night?  “Good squire, whose name I do not know, last night, you were threatening me, and I have to admit, were in rather bad shape following your fight.  How is it you are up and walking today?  And, why is it I have been moved about in your hierarchy of people?”
The squire chuckled a bit.  “Good Mistress, it was three days ago that you and I met and, if I may, I am Roland, squire to Sir Robert as well as life-long friend.  Had you been with us during the fight, and been forced to watch the man who has saved your life countless times fall with what certainly appeared to be a fatal arrow, and … having taken an arrow and at least one sword stroke yourself, perhaps you might have reacted as I did.”
Roland continued.  “But, seeing him, each morning for two days since, growing visibly stronger and watching you sleep by his side, your magic touching him at every moment, aye, I watched this very carefully dear lady and now … know ye that in every way that a man, sworn to his lord, can be equally your man, that is Roland’s position to you.  May I know your name?
Gareth spoke, “She is Mistress Megwyn, sorceress of Evelyn.  She is also Princess Megwyn, daughter of Corrental, King of Mithrea, and sister of mine.”
Before Megwyn could react, Roland placed the tray he had been carrying on a convenient tree stump, fell to one knee and took her hands, opening them and placing his within hers said, “Here do I, Roland swear fealty and do homage to Megwyn, Princess, Sorceress, and miracle worker.  I shall ever be your man in any manner that does not compromise my fealty to my first lord, Sir Robert.  Your enemies shall be mine, your welfare, my welfare, and your life do I swear to defend.”
Megwyn recovered as quickly as she could and replied.  “Roland, in all ways that I can, in good conscience accept your fealty, I do.  Know you that you and yours will be protected by me, your house shall be as mine, and your family shall be under the protection of me.  Thus swear I, Megwyn can Corrental, Sorceress of Evelyn.”  Now rise Squire Roland and let us break our fast.”
During the meal that followed Megwyn was able to take the measure of this man who was so devoted to his knight, and evidently now, equally devoted to her.  As they talked, she couldn’t help but notice that her brothers were smiling, trying ever so subtly to be discrete about it, but laughing at her none-the-less.  Periodically, she found Roland and them exchanging glances.  Finally, unable to stand being the outsider in what was evidently an open joke she stood, facing her brothers squarely and demanded, “what, exactly, is so funny?”
Her demand simply forced them into paroxysm of laughter so great that Gareth was forced to hold his sides and Gawain rolled to the ground while laughing.  Even Roland, more discrete than a brother was openly smiling broadly at her.  “What, one of you tell me quickly what you find so incredibly funny before I turn all of you into rabbits and take the rest of the day’s leisure to hunt you, slowly.”
“Patience sister,” begged Garath, “pray give us a moment and we will provide your answer.  Thomiss, pray bring her highness a looking-glass.”  
The man-at-arms so addressed turned and went to one of the wagons, returning with a gold looking-glass which he handed to Garath.
By this time both brothers were becoming increasingly aware that their sister might not find the revelation, she was about to receive, in as positive, or amusing a mood as they had and it was with some trepidation that Gareth handed the mirror to Megwyn.  “Sister of mine, please know that although we find this situation a bit amusing, it is only that we had never thought of you and this … condition in conjunction before.”
Now nearly alarmed, Megwyn snatched the mirror from her brother’s hand.  She glared at both of them before raising the mirror to her face.  Immediately she gasped, her left hand rose to her face and she sat heavily back on the stump.  “Oh my, how did that ever …”  
Megwyn could clearly see the gold lock of hair now running from the peak of her forehead and running, down her right side.  The “Wives Peak” it is called, among elves as only an elf who has given his or her heart to another, would exhibit such a mark.  She looked at her brothers and spoke only one word, “when?”
“It was that first night,” Gawain began, “as you labored over Sir Robert, for hours on end, you fought for his life with all your strength, it appears that during that process your soul and his bonded and your futures were joined.  The good part about this was that with the increased energy you received, you were able to work harder for his life; the other side of this phenomenon was that, it would appear, dear sister that you are in love.”
Megwyn searched inward discovering nuances to her power that had never existed before.  There were subtle facets to her magic that she had never encountered previously and she knew that she would spend days realizing all the ways her magic was different.  But … If joined, then poor Robert, unknowing, unwilling, was equally bonded to her.  What would happen when he awoke, and realized that he was equally in love with a woman he has never met?  “This is horrible, horrible.  Robert will hate me, and I have betrayed my oaths.”
Grinning hugely Gawain answered, “Well sister, yours will not be the first marriage where one partner hates the other with nearly the same passion as the love they share, however; I do believe that, all things being equal, once he realizes that he truly is in love and, if he has half a brain, and appreciates the worth of the wife he has, you may well find yourself well married.  You have not betrayed your oaths.  You didn’t try to bond with him, it simply happened.  This means it probably would have happened anyway, except the pace has been accelerated a bit.”
“But I bonded with a patient, how can that be ethical?”
“I believe, dear sister, that there was a power greater than either of you at work there and it would seem that THAT power has decided which hearts should be joined.  Perhaps you should try to work with this.”
Clearing his throat, Roland added, “Highness, if I may suggest, the real obstacle you face is Robert himself.  For his part, taking a wife will freeze him within the order and he will not be able to advance further.  This was his ambition.  I do believe he will come to realize that he has gained far more than he has lost, however; there will be a certain … adjustment … period in the interim.”
“But, the poor man will have fallen in battle and will awake only to discover that he is in love, bound for life, to a woman he has never met and who he may hate.  Suppose I hate him?  Suppose he snores so badly, or he farts all night?”
The brothers couldn’t stifle their laughter.  “Of course he snores, and yes he farts, those are the distinguishing characteristics of men while they sleep.”
Roland added, “You will also find, mistress, that he is loyal, brave, honest, and faithful, all traits, I have been led to believe woman cherish in their mate.  I stand before you now only because more times than I can count, that man has fought so well and so hard that I was protected being by his side.  Even in that last battle, he charged in front of me to protect me and only doing so, saved my life, and that was after taking the first arrow in the thigh.  Give Robert a chance; he may just do you very well indeed.”
Megwyn found tears coursing down her cheeks, partly because of the description Roland gave of the knight he serves and loves and partially because she could feel Robert, she knew him, far better than anyone who had not melded with him could and knew that although a rough fighting man, he was, just as Roland described him.  “So, this is the husband the Goddess has given me,”
One of the perimeter guards ran up to Gareth and whispered, he received orders from Gareth and left.  “Megwyn, we are receiving unwelcome visitors, it would seem.  I can move our patient, although everything I know tells me that this would be bad for him.  We can fight, and probably win, but it will be costly, do you have anything in your arsenal that might make a party of warriors not see us?”
Chapter Eight – Battle of Highridge
Count Receta drove his cohort hard.  The six-hundred mounted fighters augmented by three-hundred mounted archers was a sizeable force, nearly sufficient to invade Mithrea, if they moved swiftly and surely.  The count was quite certain of his ability to conquer a kingdom of non-humans with his current cohort.  How could any sub species possibly withstand the might of humans justifiably purging the planet of unclean scum?
Recata was still smarting from the dressing down he had gotten from Duke Paylor after the failure of the first ambush to properly destroy all the knights and suitably blame the ambush on the Elves.  Recata was forced to watch the destruction of the lone survivor of the ambush, who had been foolish enough to return to report the failure as he was flailed alive.  It was a nasty death, and a long one.
The count pushed his men hard and his scouts were certain of the terrain as they made admirable time to Highridge.  If they continued at their current pace, he should come upon the Elvin camp by sunset and striking quickly, should speedily slaughter the subhumans and insure that the last of the pesky knights were left with grey fletched, yard-long arrows in them to show the world the perfidy of the Elves.
Gareth deployed his one-hundred and fifty rangers in three battalions of fifty each.  He commanded the right flank, Gawain the left flank and, slightly to the rear of those battles, he left fifty under the command of Megwyn.  Their job was to protect her, and allow her to keep whatever magic she could deploy working.
Standing in the center of the camp, with Roland next to her as her life-guard Megwyn began her incantation.  She drew power from the earth, at her feet, from the air around her, from the water in the stream, and from the fire in the camp.  Each element contributed to her spell.  Slowly she danced the circle she had scribed into the earth and slowly the ground began to emit a fog, brief tendrils at first, but, as she continued to pour power into it, the fog began to rise and thicken.  Most amazingly it covered nearly twenty miles of road and began to move to the south, towards the human host descending upon them.
“Damn this inhuman fog” spat Recata, spittle flying from his lips and spattering his beard as he conferred with his chief of scouts, “no, we will not slow down because of the fog, press on, it is imperative that we destroy the subhumans tonight.”
Recata watched the fog slowly remove all references from his sight.  No one could know direction and the number of horses who would break legs on logs, roots, and rocks would be appalling, however; nothing would slow down the righteous in their just vengeance upon the unholy.
Megwyn changed her chant, and soon shapes began to appear out of the mists.  Ephemeral shapes resembling warriors of old mounted on horses with very old trappings began to move through the forest.  Part of the fog, but separate, they moved with stately grace.  Megwyn felt herself tire and knew that she would have to tap into Robert to continue this illusion, but was it worth it?  
She felt along her power line until it reached Robert, who was stronger than she had originally thought he would be, “ok, my new love … together now.”  She tapped into his inner core of strength and found more power than she thought possible.  Using him sparingly, knowing that anyone who had been close to death needed more time to heal, but also knowing that should she fail, his death would soon follow she used his available strength to augment hers and the fog began to move quickly towards her enemies.
Recata heard the crashing and screaming from his left and moved quickly to that point to find out what was happening.  A mounted warrior restrained him as he arrived with an outstretched arm and a warning,” it is a cliff, my lord.”
“Damn,  how many fell over before they could be stopped?”
“Near two-score, my lord.”
“Where are those twice-cursed scouts, they are supposed to know this wood, and should keep this from happening.”
“I am here my lord,” his chief scout announced.  “It is impossible to find any landmark in this fog and given the pace you decree, this type of accident is bound to happen.”
Recata quickly drew his sword and with a single blow severed the scout’s head from his shoulders.  “Where is the deputy chief of scouts?” he shouted.
“He … here … my lord.”
“You are now chief of scouts, see if you can do better than your predecessor and get my army into position to strike quickly.”
“Ye … yes … my lord,” the scout turned and rode to the right.
“Reform, reform and get this army back in motion, NOW.”
It seemed to Recata that the very hosts of hell fought this night.  Twice he found himself using his sword against a rider whose shape simply absorbed his blow, with tendrils of mist whisking away from the form as his sword sliced through it.  “Illusion, damn them to hell.”  Then, out of the fog solid, grey-fletched arrows would appear, hundreds of them, killing men and horses, and worse of all, driving his cohort into confusion requiring him to reform his men and losing precious time before the attack could recommence.
To Gareth the battle moved with easily calculated form.  The fog stretched in front of his lines and he would move either his battalion or Gawain’s into position in front of the humans (this took some maneuvering as the humans were badly confused and were charging in odd directions depending upon the whim of the enemy leader).  The engaged battalion would get into position and loose three flights of arrows in a minute and then fade back about a hundred yards to await the results of their attack.  Invariably, the screams of both men and horses would follow and it would take the humans about thirty minutes to reform and try their attack again.
Best of all, for Gareth’s way of thinking was the fact that the human army was bleeding its strength away to the south.  Humans, finding themselves engaged with a foe they could not see, stumbling through a maze of obstacles both natural and man-made, and being far enough from their commander, they simply slowed down and turned their horses to the south and elected to leave to fight another day.  The best estimate that Gareth had was that about two-hundred of their force had simply left the action and as long as they continued to move to the south, he was content to leave them alone.
So it went, for hour after hour.  The humans would advance, seldom directly at the Elvin camp, Gareth would maneuver one of his battalions into position, and loose his arrows then withdraw and await the human’s next advance.
There were two problems with his tactics however; first of all, he was using a lot of arrows.  They had already used up their reserve and had taken half the arrows from the quivers of Megwyn’s reserve and even at that, the battalions were down to only a dozen or so arrows each, only enough to use their current tactics three more times.  The tactic was a great way to save his troop strength, but it was terribly wasteful of arrows.  Soon, he would have both battalions fall back to the camp, and prepare to defend it with swords; he hoped that the human strength had been sufficiently blunted to allow a successful defense.
“Forward you cowards,” screamed Recata.  He knew that the humans had to fight their way through the night.  They had to destroy the unholy subhumans tonight.  He rode in a right circle rallying the men near him and drawing his already blood-drenched sword he led them forward once more into the slowly awakening dawn.
The sky in the east was beginning to lighten when Roland heard the sound of riders coming from behind him.  He turned, pushed his helm down on his head and prepared to sell his life as best he could in defense of his Lord and Lady.  He could see the riders, coming from the north, at least a thousand of them strong.  Well, he and Robert had always thought they would die in the midst of a hopeless battle for the right, against impossible odds.
Megwyn released her spell.  The dawn would dissipate her fog soon enough.  Hearing the riders approaching she turned slowly around to face them.  There, in front of her was Robert’s squire, Roland standing tall, holding his sword and shield, preparing to face the might of an entire nation, if that was required to defend her.  This image brought the first smile to her face of the night.
Five riders detached themselves from the host, which was deploying in battle array to the left and right of the first battalion to arrive.  The five walked their horses slowly towards the sorceress, her champion and, a space behind them, the fifty rangers who constituted their guard.  Roland swallowed hard, but knew his duty and prepared to do his best for Robert, still unconscious, nearby, and Megwyn.
Approximately twenty paces from Roland the riders stopped and the center rider raised his hand. At his signal, from the battalion in the center of the host, a great banner was unfurled.  Twenty feet long, stood a gold dragon on a green field.  Megwyn dropped to her left knee, “Greetings father, you are well met and come at a most opportune time.”
Roland nearly sprained his neck trying to look at the leader in front of him and the lady behind him.  Something was happening, they evidently knew each other, but spoke in a language he did not understand.  But … someone had to tell him what to do, if he wasn’t to take on a thousand man army by himself now.
“By your leave father, I need to direct my husband’s squire to stand down, or he may kill himself of apoplexy before your eyes.”
“Husband?  I do believe we have much to talk about after this sorry work is done.  We shall shift to human and pray do your duty, as you always do.”
“Good Roland, the man before you is my father, King Corrental, the men behind him are the core of the Mithrean army.  As you serve Robert and I, I ask you to stand down and give him due homage.”
Sheathing his sword and bending down on his left knee, Roland bowed to the Elvin king.  “Your Grace.”
“We have more important things to discuss, but, this battle will take our attention for a time.  Daughter, is the human knight still alive?  Daviess, ride and find Gareth and have him withdraw his rangers back to us.  I wish to speak with both princes as quickly as possible.  Daughter approach and let us begin to figure out this conundrum.”
Megwyn rose and walked towards her father.  As she passed Roland she touched him on the back of his head, just a word of comfort for a faithful servant who had done his duty well as she walked to her now dismounted father.  “Sir Robert, my husband, lives, my king.”
A twinkle danced in Corrental’s eyes at sight of Megwyn.  “A new son-in-law is it, and a father not even allowed to post the bans.”
“My humblest apologies father, but it would seem the decision was made for me by the Goddess and so here, at my first opportunity do I inform you of the bonding.  Only she knows what will happen when Robert awakes and discovers he is wed.”
“Oh this will make great winters telling.  But … What is happening here?”
“The human army, about seven-hundred at the beginning, began an assault on our camp last night.  I used fog and an illusion of ancient warriors to befuddle them.  Rather than be slowed down by the fog, the humans continued to move at high speed through the forest, however; they foolishly expended horses and manpower that way.  Gareth has been using a series of delaying attacks against them and has lost few warriors, but nearly all of his arrows.  My fog is dissipating and in less than an hour the humans will be visible in the sunlight.”  
“More importantly, nearly a third of the human force has deserted and a steady stream of them are moving to the southwest,” added Gareth, who had walked into the king’s presence during Megwyn’s explanation.  I put the current strength of the human army at three-hundred, three-hundred very tired, confused, and scared humans.  Our initial camp is just to the left of our current position, you probably had to avoid it to get here, and it is now safely behind your lines.”
“Megwyn, you may tell the human to relax, he is your man?”
“He is my husband’s squire and perhaps the most loyal man I have ever met.”  Turning to Roland Megwyn raised her voice, “Roland, rise and come attend me here.”
“Gareth, Take your rangers, and when they are remounted and have rearmed, place them in the woods on both flanks.  I want them to be ready to gather in stragglers when this is over.  I am sorry to have to keep using you and I do promise you a fair day soon.”
“By your command, father,”  Gareth used the traditional Elvin soldiers salute of placing his right hand over his heart, and withdrew from the circle, grabbing his brother as he left, he began to follow his orders.
“Quintius, I want all the men with bows ready when the human’s see us.  We will give them the option to depart, this land is not truly ours here, but, if they want to fight, I want them all dead a hundred paces from this spot.”
“By your command, sire,” and Quintius departed for the Elvin position, a few hundred feet behind the king.
Eliasis, his Chamberlain brought several chairs to the king’s party and he, Corrental, and Megwyn sat on these as they spoke.  During the process Roland had moved up and took his station behind Megwyn’s chair.
“We have about half an hour daughter, so tell me how I come to have a new, human, son.”
“I was as amazed by this as you father.  I knew, as I worked on Robert that I was extending myself into him further than I had ever with any patient.  I had to become part of his flesh to try to work the miracle of saving him.  I asked The Goddess for the help I needed to make this work, and her answer to my prayer seems to have been to make our flesh one.”
“And Robert has no idea that he is bonded with a blood-princess of Mithrea?”
Megwyn lowered her head, “none father, he has not yet awakened.  Had I not had to draw from his strength last night to sustain the illusions, he might have awakened this morn, but, I believe my use of him, although not dangerous, will delay that by at least a day.”
“Eliasis, when this business is over this morning, ask for a half-century of volunteers for my daughter and son-in-law as personal guards.  When we have taken care of this mess, we will withdraw to Haven taking my daughter and her bond-husband with us.  We can settle all matters later, but until things are much more stable, I want to protect what is mine.”
“Father, is that wise?  The poor man will wake up wondering if I have bewitched and then kidnapped him.”
“It is for the best.  I have sent the other survivors to King Richard, under strong guard so he can get a first-hand account of the ambush, I have his envoy with me today, who will report what has happened and will happen here today.  Richard and I will have an embassy and figure this out.”
“Now, as the sun rises, you should get behind the lines and you might consider getting some sleep.  As beautiful a daughter of mine as you are, you look much the worse for wear today, my daughter.   Also, you may be needed again after this business is finished.
Recata swore, beat, and bludgeoned his cohort, or its remnants, back into some shape.  He reckoned that he had about three-hundred and fifty left under his command, the rest were, the gods themselves only knew where. “Bastards, and slackards, regroup.”
The sun began so burn off the fog and slowly Count Recata, and the rest of the humans began to recognize their plight.  They were in a meadow that sloped gently from the river, at their backs up nearly three miles to the crest of a ridge, that ridge was covered from the trees on the left to the trees on the right with mounted elves.  Their current position was about midway up the slope.  The ground around them was littered with their dead and wounded.  The slope led directly up to the enemy Recata had come to destroy, except instead of a hundred Elves, there were well over a thousand of them.
Two Elves detached themselves from the host and approached the humans.  One of them carried the baton of a herald and wore the arms of Mithrea, the other, riding behind the first, carried a white banner, a flag of truce.  The two approached to within three-hundred feet of the humans and sat there waiting.  As the Elvin Herald waited for recognition, Count Recata turned to the archers nearest him and commanded simply, “Kill them.”
Six quarrels flew from the humans; two of them found their mark in the herald’s chest, a third in his horse, one landed in the standard-bearer’s right arm and two missed their mark completely.  The standard bearer dropped his banner and reaching for the dying herald turned their horses upslope.  At that same moment, from the woods on either side of the human’s formation grey-fletched arrows flew in stately arcs, one hundred, two hundred, three hundred, four hundred, the numbers rose every ten seconds as another flight flew into the humans.
While the rangers revenged the insult to their king and the horror inflected on his herald the host of Mithrea walked their horses down the slope until they were within a hundred yards of the humans and a thousand grey-fletched arrows arched into the sky and the last of the humans and their mounts fell.
More angry than he had been in five hundred years, Corrental turned to his marshal, “Bring me the body of their leader, I want it carefully embalmed, dispatch any of them who still live, but none get the grace of a sword blade, not one.”
Chapter Nine – Templeton

King Richard met with his guests in his privy chamber.  This was not a meeting for the court, this was a meeting for a select set of ears.  Richard looked older than his four and forty years.  His once blond hair was more white than blond and the lines about his eyes showed the stresses he labored under trying to control a contentious kingdom in troubled times.  His eyes were steel blue and could flash with both mirth and with anger.  His six-foot-two-inch frame carried the muscle of the warrior that he was, however his eyes indicated intelligence enough to know that fighting was not always the best answer.
It was a rather elegant room, wainscoted in deep walnut with frescoes painted on the three interior walls.  Scenes of the royal family on two walls, and the third covered with the scene of Richard’s triumph over Cornwellen at the battle of Two Boars, twelve years ago.  The one exterior wall was glazed with the top portion of the ten-foot high window filled with stained glass, including the arms of Castrea and the lower portion in clear glass segments that allowed the natural light to shine in.  The walls were accented with tapestries, in blue with gold trim, the colors of the kingdom arms.
Richard paced the room, so the room’s other two occupants were forced to stand.  Grand Master Bertrand of the Order of Filias, and Richard’s Chamberlain, Lord Thomas knew the king well, and wondered about the secret that such hardly contained energy hid.  Grand Master Bertrand was sixty-two, mostly bald, heavier than he had been in his fighting days, but more than anyone else in the kingdom, a master of the battlefield, both overt and covert.  His brown eyes conveyed an intelligence that Richard had come to depend upon.
Lord Thomas of Carligh had been with Richard nearly a lifetime.  Well past fifty, his support of Richard, and his good advice, had earned him the chancellor’s position years before.  Richard knew he would soon have to replace him, and the gods alone knew how many times over Thomas had earned his retirement, however; this was not the time to give up on a councilor whose advice could always be depended upon.
“Sit Gentlemen, Sit.  King Corrental has sent us an interesting messenger and I wanted you both to hear his story at the same time I do.  Also, I have accepted Lord Leonidis Accession as Ambassador from the court of Haven and will formally accept his bonifides tonight as he is escorting our ‘guest’ to us tonight.”
Bertrand looked to Thomas, and finally they both decided to sit and talk with their king.  “Your Grace,” began Bertrand, “can you give us some idea of the interview we are to witness tonight?”
“No, I am sorry Bertrand, I will want your opinion of my actions to counter the problem we shall discuss tonight, so, my old friend, pray forgive me, but allow me my will in this.”
Bertrand smiled at his friend and King, “as if you need my acceptance, no Your Grace, you have more than my acceptance, you have my concurrence.”
Three solid knocks on the outer door and the majordomo opened the door, conversed with the party on the outside, turned and announced to the King, “His Excellency Lord Leonidis Accession, Ambassador from the Court of Haven and Squire Alehandro of the Order of Filias beg leave to enter the Privy Chamber.”
“Bid them enter.”  Turning to his seated guests, “now you will understand why I chose this room.”  “Majordomo, bid my chamber musicians to serenade us.”  
The music from the Royal Chamber Ensemble filled the chamber with music designed to drown out, at any distance, the discussions from within the chamber.  “I want what you hear here to remain confidential, gentleman,” Richard said to Bertrand and Thomas as he rose to receive the ambassador.”
Two Elves walked across the chamber, the first tall stately and every inch the blond haired, blue eyed Elvin lord, the other, heavily hooded, much smaller man walked with evident trepidation behind the first elf.  As the party reached within two arms lengths of the king, the tall Elf reached into his belt and removed a single grey-fletched arrow and holding it in front of himself solemnly broke the shaft in half and presented the broken arrow to King Richard.  “By command of King Corrental, I come to you in peace, a token of which this arrow represents.  His Grace of Mithrea bids you to receive one half of this symbol to display where you will and he will, in his part, place the other over his throne.  It is his wish that as long as two sovereigns can talk, that all problems can be worked out without the effusion of blood.  He asks that you accept this symbol of his friendship.”
When Richard had taken the fletched portion of the arrow he noticed that the Ambassador smiled.  Leonidis then withdrew a parchment from his belt, unrolled it and read.  “To all who may see these presents, greetings.  Know ye that placing great faith in the abilities of Leonidis Accession and greatly desiring a more close association with my cousin Richard, King of Castrea, I do present to his good graces the self-same Leonidis Accession, as my ambassador.  Know that Leonidis will speak with my words and those words will be honoured by me.  Signed Corrental can Contral, King of Mithrea.”
Richard took the scroll from Leonidis, passing it to Thomas and warmly gripped the hand of the new ambassador.  “Thomas, insure that the Ambassador is housed in acceptable state within the palace and that his expenses are born by my exchequer.”
Turning Leonidis to each of the other members of the royal party, he introduced them to the Ambassador.  “Both of these lords are well known to me, thank you, Your Grace.”
Richard motioned all three of them to sit and then asked Leonidis, “Should you have your servant withdraw so we may speak freely?”
“He is not my servant, Your Grace, but the servant of Master Bertrand.”  At that Alehandro threw off his cloak and the enchantment that had given him even the semblance of being an Elf fell away.  Alehandro stood awkwardly as Leonidis continued, “I present you the senior unwounded member of your northern patrol, ambushed eight days ago on Highridge road.  The three serjents who also survived will be returned to any preceptor the Grand Master prefers, but we felt that we would hold them to serve the surviving knight, if he lives.”
“My friends, this conversation is too important to let titles and honorifics become a problem.  For its duration, let us use first names and if you have input, present it,” the king eyed each of them as they prepared to hear the story.”
When Alehandro finished the rendition of his knowledge of facts, many of which were confirmed and enhanced by Leonidis silence descended upon the room.  Richard spoke first, “Squire Alehandro, you have done well, and by all accounts have well accounted for your actions that day.  Master Bertrand, I believe the squire can return to the Royal Preceptory for now and allow him to rest.”
“Alehandro, pray report to Sir Nathaniel, the preceptor and bid him make room for you there.  I will speak with you anon.  You have done well in this matter.”  Bertrand nodded to Alehandro, who bowed to each of the participants and withdrew.”
“OK, now that you know how deep the shit piles up, I need ideas.  I need to find a way to figure out who did this and how we can keep it from happening again.”  The King was livid as he spoke.
“To lose three knights, two squires, and five serjents to even a score of bandits is impossible to conceive of, unless those assailants had inside information about the route, timetable, and composition of the patrol.  This smacks of a leak within my order itself, and THAT I shall fix.
“Suppose we assume that this was not any gang of bandits, but instead a paramilitary organization, with noble support,” postulated Leonidis.
“That would be the ‘Society for Racial Purity,’ or whatever their name is today.”  Thomas had their complete attention now.  “These are a bunch of nobles, mostly minor ones, although there is talk of your brother’s concurrence with much of their agenda Richard, who are convinced that the gods are angry with us for allowing, what they term ‘abominations’ to live.  They believe that only by destroying the non-humans will the gods be happy with us and bring a new era of prosperity.”
“The fact that destroying the Kingdom of Mithrea would bring about a third more land to the kingdom, has probably escaped their attention, Ah my simple subjects how easily you are manipulated.  Thomas, begin compiling lists of the members of this Racial Purity party and be prepared to gather evidence in case we need it.  Leonidis, pray accept my apologies for the short-sightedness of some of my subjects.”
Leonidis bowed gracefully, “Your Grace, about the survivors of your party.”
“I need to clean my house, it would seem,” Bertrand looked thoughtfully at the others.  “If there is a leak in the preceptory at Templeton, then there is probably a network of them throughout the order.  Whoever they are, I will find them and bring them to justice.  They have the lives of their now dead brothers for which to atone.”
“I can loan you some of my best agents, Bertrand.”
“Thank you, Thomas, I will use them.”
“There is another matter, gentleman,” The Elf had the human’s complete attention.  “Sir Robert, although badly wounded, was alive when I left, surrounded by a hundred and fifty rangers, commanded by the Prince Gareth and tended by the Princess Megwyn, however; his condition is grave and King Corrental would like to take him to Haven, to the Temple there, so that he can continue to receive the best medical care available, King Richard, and Master Bertrand, do you both concur in this course of action?”
“Aye, my friend needs all the help he can get and should he die, there isn’t payment enough in this kingdom for the perpetrator.”
“Yes indeed, Good my Lord, do everything you can for Sir Robert, he would be sorely missed in the order should he not return.”
“Thank you all.  I also have a draft treaty with me.  This treaty covers many aspects of inter-kingdom life, but includes a military clause.  Should either king formally request, a force of five hundred warriors will be made available to the other and, should either kingdom be attacked, from internal or external enemies, the kingdoms will fight in concert for the other.  There are details we need to work out, but that is, in essence, Corrental’s offer.”
“Bertrand, Thomas, as my chief advisors I want you to work with the Ambassador and firm this treaty up.  I want to announce a meeting, at Highridge to meet with His Grace of Mithrea to finalize this within the month.”
Seeing nods from all, Richard sat back finally.  “Good, we may have been handed a shit sandwich, but at least we can bake some sweet bread.  Leonidis, I would like any word you can give me about Sir Robert, as quickly as you can get it to me and Bertrand, I want you to fortify the Highridge road with enough troops to stabilize this.  Working with Leonidis, I think it would be best if a mixed force of Rangers and Filians took over the patrols there.  This will demonstrate the ability of us to work together, and reduce the chances the purists can use this as some kind of demonstration.”
“Mithrea agrees and will contribute as many as one-hundred rangers to the mission.”
“I will send a force of fifty Filians, with the support staff for the location”
“And I will provide five, very special servants, who will report only to the commander.”
“And who shall command?”  Richard looked from one to the other in the room.  We have a spy or spies and I need this location to be secure.  Let it be an Elf who commands, with a Knight of Filias as his second in command.”
“I will recommend that Prince Gawain command this unit.”
“I will send Sir Brandon; he is a knight of the third ring and a man I trust with my life.”
“Make is so gentleman, I leave it up to the three of you to work out the details.  Now, we all have work to do, I shall bid you all a good night.”  The King rose, as did they all and he departed through the back door of the chamber, to his private chambers.
Chapter Ten: Dreaming
Mostly Robert knew he was dreaming, or dead, as only the dead, or those who are dreaming, are lying on a bed of clouds, being tended by a beautiful goddess with chestnut hair, and the most loving and caring green eyes.  Periodically, this goddess touched him and he felt her heart and soul reach out for him.  Then … blessed oblivion.
Corrental was riding beside his daughter, “How is my new Son-in-Law, daughter?”
“He is better than I would have expected, father.”
The pair rode just ahead of the wagon Robert rode in.  There was a strange twinkle in the eyes of the king as he watched his daughter try to prepare herself to tell her tale.  Corrental knew that although he held no negative prejudices against humans he thought that elves who became romantically involved with them were taking a great risk with their emotions for a rather short-lived relationship.  Humans, living only about forty years as adults; and elves averaging three-hundred, would doom an elf, married to a human; to about two-hundred or so years of mourning.  But, he also had great faith in both the Goddess, and his daughter, so he wanted to hear her story.
“When I arrived, I didn’t give Robert much of a chance of surviving.  The quarrel had pierced the heart and worse of all, since it had pinned the arm to his body, any movement of that arm resulted in increasing the damage to his heart, so the Goddess herself knew why he still lived when I got there. I started triage and realized that the blood loss was the greatest problem and I used a blood spell to replenish his blood.  I used a little of his blood mixed with some of mine I got by opening a vein slightly and praying.  I think that the bonding began with the mixing of our bloods.”
“You realize that such an outcome indicates that the Goddess intended you two to bond anyway?”
Megwyn nodded to her father, “I think that is when it happened, because, after I stabilized him with the blood spell, I began to work with his body to heal his heart as I withdrew the quarrel.  It was much easier than I had been lead to believe such a procedure should be, but as there was so much damage to repair, I wasn’t unhappy with any help I could get, so I just kept working.  It turned out that the sun was rising as I finished and I healed the last of the wound and dropped the quarrel to the ground.  It was a bit strange, but as I fell asleep I could have sworn I said, “J’mere.”
Corrental could hardly contain his chuckle, “You fell asleep, on the body of a human patient, saying ‘I Love You’ in High Elvin?  When did you remember this small detail, my daughter?”
“Not for several days.  Well, more days than that since I evidently slept for two days following the procedures and then had some interesting inter-familial interactions with my brothers, both of whom knew of my condition and were being very amused by it.”
“I can see that.  You were always the romantic one, Megwyn, the one whose heart was close to the surface, the one who could find the good in anyone, and who could have fallen in love easily, but … seldom does a wounded man impress a lady with his worth.”
“I think that was part of the healing spells.  As I worked with his body, his mind touched mine, I would see snippets of his life, I saw him prepare to die to protect his party that day, I felt the quarrels enter his body … I wept.”
“Ah, so you were mind-melded as well, how interesting.  Now comes the most interesting part as today or tomorrow your husband will awaken and discover that he is not only married, but in love, with a woman he does not know.  He is, after all, a Prince Consort in Mithrea now and I doubt he has much understanding of Elvin ways.  This is going to be hard for him, even when he comes to grips with the fact that he truly is in love with you.  Do you have a plan?”
“Not really a plan father, I am planning on putting him in my apartment in the temple.  I have access to everything I could need there and it is as safe as the palace.  I was planning on being there when he awakes and try to … help him accept what has happened.”
A cry escaped from Robert as his cloud jarred him.  “I didn’t know clouds hit bumps in the road.  I wonder if clouds have a good beef stew to share with me.  Oh, my side hurts and I can’t quite wake up.   Where is that beautiful Goddess when I need her?”
“Well, as plans go, since you have no idea how your husband is going to take this, I guess it is the best that can be planned.  I would counsel you, my daughter, be honest with him and give him time to come to grips with this.”
“Yes father …”
“Your Grace, My Lady …” a ranger moved quickly up to the royal pair, “The Prince has cried out and is speaking, he is asking for the beautiful goddess who tends him.”  The ranger couldn’t restrain a small smile from his face.”
Megwyn’s face immediately showed concern.  “Father?”
“Yes go to him.  You have no idea how important to our realm that one human has become and keeping him alive is one of my top priorities right now, made more so by the fact that he is your chosen and your happiness means a lot to me.  GO!”
Robert felt the cloud shift a bit and felt the presence of the goddess.  A warm tingling sensation infused him from head to toe and he mentally reached for her.  “Hello, I am Robert, How do I know you?”
Robert heard the Goddesses voice, “Hello Robert, I am Megwyn, I am many things, but most importantly right now, I am a Sorceress of Evelyn and I am taking you to Haven, to the temple there to heal.”
A smile spread over Robert’s face.  “Megwyn, I never knew a girl named Megwyn before, where are we?
As Megwyn checked Robert’s body temperature, and searched his body for any signs of corruption or fever she replied, “We are in a wagon, being escorted to the city of Haven.”
“You know I was standing at the threshold of the afterlife?  I could see all my old friends, preparing a feast for me, my honor-guard preparing to escort me to the feast-hall, and then you pulled me back.  Why did you pull me back?
“There are several reasons, but the one I want you to concentrate on today is that you have a lot more to do in this life and I am here to help you heal so you can do your life’s work.”
“Do you know that I believe I am in love with you, Goddess Megwyn, the Sorceress?”
“This is going to sound strange, but you are in love with me, and I, Megwyn can Corrental, am in love with you.  THAT is the most important reason you have to heal, so I can be with the man I have fallen in love with.”
Robert reached up slowly with his right hand and touched her left ear.  “You have pointed ears.”
Megwyn became tense; this was the first real test.  “That is because I am an Elf, not a human?
“An Elf! Wow, OK, do Elvin women have, you know … can we … you know.  I am not making sense, am I?”  Robert was slurring his words, his mind drifting as his body tried to return to sleep.
“Yes, we have completely compatible reproductive systems, and in fact, can easily reproduce with a human male.”  Is that the most important question you have?
“No, well, yes … well.  Am I an idiot?”
“Yes, but most men are.”
“I am so very sleepy and I have never kissed you and if I love you, how come I have never kissed you? But … If I am in love with you, and I really seem to be, then I would like to make babies with you someday.”
Megwyn smiled at Robert and his world became radiant at that smile.  “My love, if you truly decide you wish to have children with me, when you are completely healed, I will gladly work with you on creating them.  I have to admit that if all you wish to do is to enjoy sex with me, then I will do that as well.  But … here is some beef broth I want you to drink.”  This was said handing Robert a wooden cup of warm broth.
As he sipped the broth, Robert tried to concentrate on Megwyn, to memorize the eyes he already knew, the ears, he now thought of as beautiful.  “Megwyn, can you come closer, I wish to smell you.”
Megwyn moved closer letting her right ear nearly reach Robert’s nose.  
He inhaled and laughed.
Megwyn rose to look at his eyes as he laughed, she loved that laugh.  “What do you find so funny, my love?”
“Lavender, you smell like lavender.  When I was entering the afterlife I could smell lavender and it was that lavender that drew me back to you.”
Lavender was indeed the scent Megwyn preferred, in fact, it is the scent of the goddess and now Megwyn knew exactly when and how this bonding had taken place.  As she started to heal him, the goddess had stepped in.  “Thank you, my lady for your help and for the gift of love, which I had never thought I would seek.”
“I like your eyes, and your ears.”
“Thank you, I have never seen hazel eyes before, yours are quite lovely.”
Robert finished his broth and as his mind slipped back into sleep Megwyn heard him whisper, “I wonder what her lips feel like.”  And he was once again asleep.
Megwyn looked up to see that Roland had ridden up to the wagon.  “How is he, My Lady?”
Megwyn laughed a musical kind of laugh.  “He is mending, is your knight.  Is he always … earthy?”
Roland smiled, “Aye, that he is.  Never let his rough speech fool you though, that man has a heart larger than most.”
“He will sleep for a few more hours, Roland, watch him for me?”
“Always, My Lady.”
Megwyn left the wagon, retrieved her horse from her guide, and rode back to speak with her father.
“How is your husband?”
Laughing a bit she replied, “Healing, he was interested in the status of my reproductive system.”
Corrental laughed, “I am beginning to like my son-in-law.  For two reasons, firstly, any man who can come within a hairs breath of dying and his first conscious query is for sex is a man I can understand, but mostly, because I have never seen you smiling so much.
Chapter Eleven – Awakening

There were two overpowering sensations Robert became aware of.  The first, and most understandable one was the feel of the warm sunlight on his face, the second was the warm, purring of a cat, sitting on his chest.  He opened his eyes and found himself staring into the eyes of a rather intense cat.  “Hello little cat.”
The cat continued to purr while laying his head on Robert’s chest.  “Strange, a cat who seems to like me, most don’t.  I will have to inquire concerning his … her name when the Goddess Megwyn arrives, unless I dreamed her completely.”
Robert looked around the room and realized that he was lying on a living bed that was formed from the tree within which the room he inhabited existed.  “Elves.”  Then it was true, he hadn’t lost his mind, Megwyn was an Elf, and quite evidently had taken him to her home.  “It is interesting, the way they get the tree to grow to produce rooms and furniture.  It certainly saves a lot of lugging of furniture around, not to mention hiring workers and craftsman to build houses, very efficient.”
Robert was concentrating on his environment so hard he didn’t hear Megwyn’s entry into the room.  “Good morrow, my lord knight, how fair you today?”  The cat jumped down, as if to grudgingly concede precedence to Megwyn.
Robert’s heart skipped a beat at the sound of her voice and the knowledge of her presence.  He turned his head in the direction of her voice, a smile worked its way across his face, and he took in the beautiful woman who filled his heart.  “What exactly is the proper greeting for an Elvin Goddess, first thing in the morning?”
“That depends upon your mood, my lord, but … before we go much further I need to tell you a lot, much that will seem strange to you, and depending upon how you feel about these things we will discuss, your greeting may be reshaped.”
Robert looked at her more seriously than he had yet.  “She is undeniably beautiful.  She is, without a doubt, a sorceress.  She is, by her manner and dress, not a common woman.  She is, beautiful… Robert realized that he had already assessed this, and … she is nervous about the conversation we are about to have.”
“If you remember, I am Megwyn, a Sorceress of Evelyn and I was brought to you on the road to heal you.  Your heart had been pierced by a quarrel and you had lost an immense amount of blood, much more blood loss than I had ever seen a person experience and live.  During your healing, I mixed our bloods together to create a blood spell, to replenish your loss and, evidently, during that time, our hearts were merged into one and we fell in love with each other.”
“Interesting, do Elves often seduce humans to them using this blood technique?”
A flash of anger crossed Megwyn’s eyes, she calmed herself and continued.  “No, this type of bonding is a gift from the Goddess and it is rare to occur this way.  We assume that the Goddess had intended us to bond anyway, and what happened on the road simply accelerated that process.”
“Again interesting, are these feelings I have for you real, or are they magically induced?
“They are real, and I can tell you that those feeling you have for me are simply a shadow of those I have for you.  You see, I have had a fortnight to watch you, to listen to you dream, to become more convinced that you are a brave, intelligent, and a deeply feeling man, with … I might add … a very earthy sense of humor.”
“Most interesting, I have a vague desire to throw off that which is thrust upon me, it is my nature, but the very thought of sending you away brings me such sadness that I must hesitate.”
“Wait, Robert, there is much more you need to know.  “I am the daughter of Corrental, King of Mithrea, and so a Princess of the blood.  Since, by our customs, our bonding by the Goddess constitutes a marriage, you are now a prince consort, and the fifth highest ranking person in the kingdom.”
Raising slightly Robert exploded.  “MARRIED, HOW?”
“The bonding, induced by the Goddess, is a recognized marriage, among Elves.  We are a people who often engage in sex for pleasure, but who usually marry only for children and so our unions are often brief and rather informal.  A couple will stand in the open, before their friends and neighbors and declare that they are married, and usually express the terms of such a union.  They might say, “I Megwyn can Corrental consider myself married to Robert for a term of twenty years, or until the offspring we wish to produce reach adulthood.”
“Wow, much simpler than our wedding vows, and elaborate church rituals.  I have to admit that it makes more sense than watching two people who hate each other and want no part of each other spend a lifetime being miserable, so; for how long is our marriage?
“Oh Robert, you miss the point here entirely.  That type of ceremony is the norm among Elves; however, a bonding is for life.  Not just for the life of either partner, but for the life of both partners.  You are my love and my husband until I die.”
Robert dropped back onto the pillows.  “Megwyn, I feel as if I have destroyed you, and strangely, I am so sad and angry at myself for this.  You wanted this?
Megwyn laughed, and her musical laughter filled Robert’s senses.  “No, my love, and yes my love.  Did I set out to become your wife when I arrived to heal you?  No.  My father needed my help to try to avert a political problem and your life was the key to solving that problem.  Have I mentioned that there is a lot we must talk about?  We will get to that.  You were suffering from an extreme loss of blood and I used a blood spell to replenish your blood.  Such a spell requires that I use a small amount of your blood and a small amount of my blood to transfer blood from me to you.  It is a rather complex spell, however; that seems to be when the bonding occurred.  When I awoke, I had this yellow hair, we call it a ‘Wives Peak,” it signifies that an Elf has fallen in love and is bonded with the one she loves.”
“Do I have such a mark?”
“No, dear, you do not.  This bonding between you and I is rather unique.  When we returned to the temple, that is where we are now, I searched the library and could find only two other instances of and Elf and a human bonding that was not the result of a courtship, and the information was sketchy, you have no physical evidence of being bonded with me.”
“I take it you have seen my entire naked body, then?
“Yes dear, I have.”
“Then you are one up on me.”
“Shall I undress for my husband, so he may inspect his lady?”  Megwyn rose from her stool and reached for the ties on her dress.
“No … that would be obscene, rather pleasurable, but in context, obscene.
Megwyn sat back down on the stool, “I am glad you can live up to your sense of honor, in spite of the fact that you are quite evidently healing, if that tent in the blanket is meaningful at all.
Embarrassed, Robert looked down and realized that he was, indeed obviously aroused.  “Am I healthy enough to do something about this?
“Not really, but if you wish to consummate our marriage this moment, I have to tell you that over the past fortnight I have found myself thinking about having sex with you and becoming aroused at the thoughts, and, if you don’t mind finding out just exactly what a randy slut your wife can be … I would accommodate you.”
“Hmm, randy slut hey, that does bring up a question. … What are Elvin mores on fidelity?”
“That, my dear, varies with the elves.  Some believe in absolute monogamy while married, some enjoy many partners but always work towards common goals with their spouse, others, enjoy a random coupling, but usually maintain fidelity.”
“And, what are Megwyn’s feelings on this?”
“We are bonded, not simply married my love.  This heart will never desire another in my life.”
“How old are you, Megwyn?”
“I am seventy-five, Robert.  I should live until about three-hundred.”
“I am only thirty-five.  Although a warrior for the past fourteen years, I feel like a child right now.”
“Why?  We are at approximately the same point in our development.  I am considered a young adult, if I were human, you would think of me as twenty-one.”
Robert suddenly frowned, and he fought back some tears.
“What bothers you, my lord?”
“I just realized that, at best I have twenty-five or thirty years left to life and you will be only a hundred, with two hundred years of being alone to live after I die.  I cannot be worth that much pain, if you are truly not going to love again, and will have nearly four human lifetimes to grieve.”
Megwyn’s smile started small, and broadened as she looking into the eyes of this man who she loved so dearly.  “My prince, think instead of having two hundred years to remember the joy that those twenty-five years gave me, to reflect on how much more I know than nearly any other elf, and to thank the Goddess for this gift.”
“You consider this a fair trade?”
“No, not fair, I can never repay the gift of love.  It is very rare for elves to love, truly love.  Lust we know and revel in, but love seldom happens.  When you are stronger, I will take you to the temple library, one of the largest in the kingdom and show you the paucity of love poems in it.  Most Elvin poetry concerns itself with nature and its beauty, almost none of it deals with inter-personal love.”
“I find myself awed.  Not by a culture who cares so little for love, but for the depth of your heart.  I should tell you that you are married to a bachelor knight.  I have no land, no wealth and other than some armor, weapons, a tent, and three horses, completely bereft of the means to maintain a Princess.”
“Oh Robert, you are my husband.  If indeed, that were all the wealth you had, I would share that tent, hope you would let me ride one of your horses, and fight by your side.  My magic and my skills with bow and sword are yours.”
Megwyn rose from her stool and walked the two steps to Robert’s bed.  Kneeling by his side she took his hands in hers and called out for witnesses.  At her call, Hazlen, Roland, Gawain, Gareth, and Corrental entered the room.  “Before witnesses I Megwyn can Corrental do take Robert, Knight of Filias, as my husband for my lifetime.”
Robert looked at Megwyn, his eyes filled with tears.  “A bridegroom should stand to take a wife, but as that would result in more embarrassment than I can endure, may I stay here?”
Megwyn nodded, tears streaming down her cheeks.
“How do I respond, Megwyn?
“With your heart, my love.”
“I Robert, do take Megwyn as my wife for my lifetime.  I vow to protect her, to provide, as best I can for her, and to stand by her side until I die.
Corrental called for a herald.  “Let it be proclaimed throughout the kingdom that Princess Megwyn has married Sir Robert, now known as Prince Consort and has bestowed upon him a third share of her property and earthly goods, and Robert, has bestowed upon Megwyn a third portion of his earthly goods.”  Then walking up to his daughter, taking her hands and kissing her cheeks he quipped, “Which means, my daughter, that you get one of those horses now.”
Chapter 12 – Conversations
{MEGWYN’s STUDY}
It was later in the afternoon of the day of her public marriage to Robert and Megwyn was alone in her study going over her notes and completing the report on her treatment of Robert.  There came a tentative knock on her door.
Megwyn closed her codex, “Enter.”
The door opened, a smallish woman stood within the doorframe, eyes cast downward, then she stepped over the threshold and closed the door behind her.  She was an elf, or at least a half-elf, about five-feet-seven-inches tall, with flaming red hair, finely chiseled features, high cheekbones, smallish breasts and rather thin hips.
Megwyn motioned the girl to a chair and watched her carefully as she sat.  She did so with grace and care and Megwyn took special notice of the girl’s long delicate fingers and carefully manicured nails, a sign of the girl’s family’s status in the world.  Megwyn smiled at her, crossed her hands in her lap and waited.
When the girl looked up, there was a worried expression on her face; Megwyn noticed the girls brown eyes.  “Ah, a half elf then.”  Twice the girl started to speak, but her words failed her and she lapsed into silence.  “Dear girl, if this conversation is ever to reach a conclusion, it must have a beginning.  Pray start by telling me your name, and then, let us see if the reason you came here can be dragged out of you?”  Megwyn’s smile helped calm the girl as she began.
“You … your grace, m, m, my name is Penelope, I am a first year student here at the temple.”  Penelope took a deep breath and, visibly steeled herself to continue.  “I have heard about your recent elevation as a Sorceress and a came to ask you to take me as an apprentice, and to help guide me and teach me.”  The last came out in a rush.
“Penelope; is there a diminutive of your name that you use, or are you always called Penelope.”
“My little sister used to call me Penny, but no one here has called me that.”
“Well, whenever we are not involved in a formal function, may I call you Penny?”
Penny smiled and nodded, she was visibly more comfortable.
“Good, and again, when we are not doing anything formal, you shall simply call me Megwyn, unless I decide to take you as my apprentice, in which case, you will call me Mistress for as long as you are my apprentice.”
Penny nodded, and smiled.
“Now, why should I take you as my apprentice?”
Penny took a very deep breath, her eyes traveled to the rafters of the ceiling and she began.  “I am only half Elvin.  Many of the students and more than a few of the instructors here think little of any prospective sorceress whose blood is not pure.  Your relationship with Prince Robert gives me hope that you will think differently about half-elves and that you might give me fair instruction.”
Megwyn looked at Penny critically, gauging, as best she could the character of the woman sitting before her.  “I have no prejudices against humans, nor half-elves, how could I?  But, I am a critical task-mistress and I do not excuse sloppy or careless work.  How are your grades so far?
The panic in Penny’s eyes was clear to see.  “I have done well in most subjects, however; those taught by Mistress Claudia have not been as good, and I will have to repeat several of her classes, I am afraid.”
Megwyn tried to keep her smile from showing, Claudia was fiercely prejudiced against half-elves.  “Well, let me do my own investigation into you and your grades.  I will speak with your instructors, look over your grades, interview some of your fellow-students, talk with my husband and give you an answer within a fortnight.”
“Thank you Mistress.  I hope you find me worthy, but … I understand that you must make the decision based on whether you believe that you can teach me and should you decide not to take me as your apprentice, I hope I can still attend classes you give.”
“I do like your attitude, Penny.  Please close the door behind you as you leave, and thank you for considering me as your Mistress.”  
Penny got up, bowed to Megwyn, and retreated out to door.  Megwyn opened her book and began to make notes concerning Penny and her request.
{Robert and Megwyn’s Bedroom}
As Roland entered the bedroom he was pleased to see Robert sitting in a chair on the balcony.  Robert was wearing only his shirt, and trews, but he was wrapped in a grey woolen blanket with his feet propped up on the rail.
“Good afternoon, your highness.”
Robert turned quickly and his look was deadly as he assessed his squire and friend.  “Roland, if you ever call me such again, when protocol does not specifically demand it, I shall split you from crotch to gullet with a rusty great sword.”
Roland’s smile showed relief and the grin on his face helped to dispel the worry that had been there when he walked into the room.  “I am glad to see your spirits returning, my friend.  I wasn’t certain whether elevation to high rank would turn your head, and I am very happy to see that Robert is … still Robert.  I have some food for you.”  This said as he presented the tray in his arms towards Robert.
“If that is more twice-cursed broth I am going to go out and kill something just to remember what meat tastes like.”
Roland laughed at his friend.  “No Sir Knight, it is stew, rabbit stew, I am told with LOTS of meat in it.  I also have a round of fresh bread, some sweet butter, and blueberry wine which should please you.  I am also told that should you desire more of this, I am allowed to bring a second portion to you … but; I should educate you concerning Elvin eating practices before you make this decision.”
“Roland, it seems my life is taken up completely in learning new Elvin things now.  Do you have some stew for yourself as well, or am I required to eat alone, in my princely isolation?  Sit, eat, and tell me of Elvin eating habits.  Hmm, do Elves eat clothing?”
“No Robert, elves do not eat clothing.  But you should know that they eat four meals a day.  They break their fast soon after awakening, then near noon, they eat lunch, a rather small meal, and they eat in the late afternoon, now, at what they call supper.  Then, in the evening, about four hours before midnight, they eat a formal meal that is called dinner.
“It seems like a civilized schedule, but thank you for not letting me order extra food at this supper, when there is a larger, more formal meal in a few hours.  Now, tell me what happened at and after the ambush, I am at a loss.”
“We were very lucky, just as the bandits were about to overwhelm us a party of Elvin Rangers arrived and killed or drove off the attackers.  You were the only knight to survive the attack.  The only survivors from the vanguard were you and I, the rearguard survived, they have returned to the preceptory at Templeton.
Robert looked very sad at learning the fate of most of his command.  “I am not much of a leader, am I, if I can lose thirty-percent of my command.”
“It was a well planned ambush and the fact that it was spoiled by a small party of Rangers is tribute to your tactics and prowess.”
“Continue.”
“You were hit by two quarrels, one in your leg and one that pinned your left arm to your body and pierced your heart.  When I saw you hit and go down, I knew you dead and rushed forward to you to protect your body as best I could, but … I received a blow to the head that knocked me out and fell over your prostrate form.  It was just as you fell that the Elves arrived and scattered the attackers.  It was also, at that moment, that the rear-guard began to come up in support, and Alehandro lead their attack.  He is very brave squire, and perhaps the order should consider this.”
Robert looked out at the city, his pensive look giving Roland insight into the fact that Robert was perplexed and thinking hard.  “Ah, the order, that brings up an interesting conundrum.  I had planned to advance to at least the fourth ring but … my marriage has ended that path I had thought to pursue.  Roland, I trust you and right now I don’t know that I can trust my heart.  I am completely in love with Megwyn, so I need the counsel of one I trust.  Tell me, have I been stupid?”
Roland put his bowl down, stood and walked to the railing on the balcony.  He carefully structured his thoughts before giving his friend his opinion.  “Robert, I have watched Megwyn with you for only a fortnight, however; several times, during that period, it was feared that you would die, and each time her heart visibly broke.  With tears streaming down her face, she would rush to your side, pray, and provide every service she could for you, and, when you would recover, she would lie down beside you, covering you both with a single cloak so that her body would warm you and her senses could assess your recovery.  I am a simple man, and I don’t try to believe I understand love, however; if that woman is not completely in love with you, she is the finest actress I have ever seen.  If marrying a woman who feels that way towards a man is stupid, then may the gods curse me with such stupidity.”
Robert smiled at his friend.  “Thank you.  This all seems so strange, being married, having a wife, who is a brave, strong woman.  How do I deal with her?  She is not like human noble women, who use their feminine wiles to control or drive their husbands away.  No, my Megwyn stands beside me just as strong and defiant as I and dares the world, or her husband to try to bend her to another’s will.”
“You have taken the measure of your lady wife quite well.  My advice would be to treat her as a fellow knight in all things not dealing with the bedroom, and … in the bedroom, treat her as the woman and wife she is.”
“My father was a wise man when he decided that since I would inherit nothing, he would provide me one good friend and allowed us to grow up together, Roland.  I may require your good counsel again, and again.”
“Don’t’ feel bad, my friend.  I have been marking each of the times when my advice has saved you since we were children.  At a silver penny each time, I expect to retire in pleasant circumstances when I am old.”  
Both men laughed as they resumed their repast, both knowing that knights and their squires seldom retire, they are usually found lying in hallowed ground, the dates of their lives marking their passage through this world.
{Hazen’s Study}
Megwyn walked into her old teacher’s study with mixed feelings.  This had been the place she had received many lessons, some formal and academic, some informal, and disciplinary, this was the first time she entered the study as simply a friend and equal.
“Megwyn, when you left on the King’s mission, I had not expected to see you next bonded.  How are you?
“I am confused and scared, and excited, and … more scared than I have ever been in my life.”
“That is natural, so tell me why you are confused and scared.”
“I am bonded to a human knight.  When I am with him; supporting him, loving him, healing him, and being with him is all I can think about.  When I am alone, my mind wanders to the life I had expected for myself, forming a school, teaching, continuing my studies and improving my power.  And power… Oh the Goddess … you are one of the few here who can understand what happened to my power levels.  I have more power than I could ever imagine, how do you control it?
Hazen smiled at her former student and laid her right hand on Megwyn’s shoulder.  “May I answer these questions of yours one at a time?”
Megwyn nodded.
“The power is simple.  Imagine that before you were looking at the world from the base of a tree.  That was all of magic you could see before you bonded.  Now that bonding has taken you to the top of the tree.  You can see much further and you can get an insight into things you didn’t know existed before.  You are still Megwyn and you still have a wonderful set of morals and some of the best instruction ever given to a sorceress.  Just be yourself and let your power do what it can do.”
“I have been afraid that if Robert wanted something badly, I would violate the standards I was taught to give it to him, will I?”
“Probably not, you are, as you always were, in charge of your magic.  If you internalized the rules this school laid down, then you will never abuse that power and use it improperly or for ill.  If you did not restrain yourself, then you desire to give your husband what he wishes would place you on the proscribed list.  But; remember it was the Goddess herself who selected this husband for you.  You have seen his mind, and his heart, is he the kind of man likely to ask this of you?”
“No, he is not.  He is a rather earthy man, and I am somewhat afraid that he will lead me to a rather licentious life.”
Hazen laughed loudly.  “Good, enjoy your body, and his, and find in that union the solace that only love can bring.  Revel in his enjoyment of you and you revel in your enjoyment of him.  It will be brief enough as it is and you will have a long time to remember those nights, make certain there are many of them.”
Wiping the tears from her cheeks, Megwyn held her friend close.  “Thank you.  Tonight will be the first time he and I will sleep together with him healthy enough to do anything.  I have to admit that I want him so very badly and I want him to enjoy me as well.  I feel like such a wanton.”
“Megwyn, go be wanton with your husband, if the goddess wills it, make babies, or … just make fun for yourselves and know that this is one of the Goddess’ gifts to you both.”
“Megwyn hugged her friend again.  “Again, thank you.  I should go help my husband get ready for dinner.  After all, it is Prince Robert’s first formal dinner at court and he should be made ready.
Chapter 13 – Dinner

Robert was trying, valiantly, to adjust to sitting at head table, with a king.  He and Megwyn were sitting just to Corrental’s right, above the salt.  His tunic chaffed him; he was very tired and is mind was wandering a lot.  He would look out to see Roland, at the farthest table, sitting with the young unmarried men of the court, laughing at bawdy jokes and enjoying himself immensely.
The feast became a sort of trial for Robert.  He would reach for something he wanted to eat, usually meat, and Megwyn would intercept his knife and bring some vegetables or a nice soup over to him.  As the feast progressed, Megwyn failed to watch Robert’s eyes to see the effect her management of him was having on her thirty-five year old, just post-bachelor husband.
The climax came when Megwyn interrupted Robert’s spearing of a slab of beef by pressing his knife upward with hers.  The mock-sword block initiated a block from Robert that ended up with Robert’s knife spearing Megwyn’s sleeve and passing through it pinning the sleeve to the table.
There was a moment of absolute shock as Megwyn’s temper went from frustration straight to combat-angry.  She looked menacingly into Robert’s eyes, hers not blinking at all as she spoke.  “Husband, I wish to remind you that this is an Elvin marriage, based upon Elvin law and Elvin traditions.  Unlike a human marriage, where the husband owns his wife and can do nearly anything he wishes, here, my husband may do anything I wish him to do to me.  Now, I suggest you remove the offending knife from my sleeve, and that you publically apologize for stabbing at me, and do so quickly.”
Robert was stunned.  He had never intended to stab at Megwyn, let alone come so close to her skin that her clothing was pierced.  He was tired, frustrated, and more than a bit angry himself for being publically handled the way Megwyn was managing him.  He was trying to focus his mind, trying to find the words to tell Megwyn that he was truly sorry for cutting her dress, but in his frustration and anger, the words just wouldn’t come to mind.  “Ah … ah.” Was all he got out before Megwyn pulled her arm back, removing the knife from her sleeve and with a wave of her hand and a single word, caused the blade of the knife to liquefy and run off the table and onto the floor.
“Just a fortnight ago I asked my brother, Gareth, if indeed all men were pigs.  He assured me that they were and I am now discovering that they are also base animals without regard for others or even the polite conventions of public dining.”  Looking at her father with daggers she continued.  “Father, pray excuse me from the table as I believe I am suffering from a terrible headache, and must retire to my rooms to produce a poultice and rest.”  As Megwyn stood, she pushed her chair back so hard that it fell back crashing to the floor with a report heard throughout the hall.  She gave Robert one devastating look and walked back to the door behind them to return to the temple and her room.
By this time Roland and Gareth had reached Robert’s side.  “I don’t know what happened.  One moment I was angry at her constantly managing my food, and trying to maintain concentration as my head was spinning, and the next my right hand felt her knife contact mine and on automatic my body responded.  I think I should return to our room to remedy this faux paux.”
Gareth, having more experience with his sister than either Roland or Robert disagreed,  “brother, If you don’t give Megwyn a few hours to cool off, you may find yourself turned into a grouse, and realize just how much pleasure my sister gets from hunting.  No, going to her now, empty handed would be wrong.  If I may, let me invite you to use my apartments in the palace for the evening and on the morn, after you have acquired a suitable gift, we can go find my sister and let you prostrate yourself before her and ask for forgiveness.”
As the men spoke a stately woman walked up to them, she waited at a discrete distance, than cleared her throat.  “If I may, my prince?”
Robert noticed a very beautiful Elvin woman.  She was older than Megwyn, that was a certainty, but exactly how old was always difficult to tell with Elves.  Her eyes were the lightest of sky blue and her dark gold hair was done up in court braids that did not hide the “wives peak” of lighter hair.  Her lips showed a kindness and concern that touched Robert, and the evident concern in her eyes gave Robert the impression that here was an ally in this matter.  Robert motioned her into Megwyn’s chair.
Taking the proffered seat she gave Robert a long look and began, “thank you, your highness.  Now, I am Hazlen, I was Megwyn’s Mistress for three years and her instructor for four years, and became her friend.  In that time, I have had the opportunity to get to know her rather well.  She will need about six hours to steam.  Her anger will peak several times during that process and she will be a rather dangerous woman, however; if Robert does not cement his position, as her equal, and her partner now, tonight, this marriage may be irrevocably damaged.  She may kill you, that is true, but I honestly believe that the negatives of the option his highness suggests will be much worst for the two of you, and for our respective kingdoms.  I believe that the future, for both Elves and Humans rests in the hands of the two of you.”
Roland was more direct, “Robert, I believe Mistress Hazlen is correct.  I have been your friend all your life and I will precede you into the chamber and allow her to vent some of her anger on me first, so you can have a much easier approach to her tonight.”
“No Roland, this is my marriage, and my duty.  Hazlen, it is a pleasure to meet you. Although I do wish that it were under better circumstances, and I believe you have Megwyn to rights in this.”
“I am proud of you, my son,” Corrental added to the conversation.  As most of the party gave way to allow Corrental access to Robert, he continued.  “I know not how this issue came to occur, but I know my daughter.  If you allow Megwyn to find her own solution to this problem, you will have built a wall between you that you may never get over.  If, on the other hand, you find a way to be part of the solution, you will strengthen your bond with my daughter.
Robert took his leave of the king and his friends and walked slowly across the courtyard to the temple tree.  Retracing his steps from earlier he found his way to the apartment he now shared with Megwyn.  Reaching the door, and not finding any of his clothing stacked in the hall, he breathed a sigh of relief.  Perhaps this would not be as bad as he feared.  Carefully and slowly he opened the door to the apartment.  WHAM! A shoe hit the door from the other side.  “If you are my worthless, back-stabbing husband, be gone.”
Robert continued to open the door in spite of several shoes, candlesticks, and other minutia of the apartment striking the portal.  Finally, he stepped into the room and simply stood against the wall as Megwyn continued to fling items and invective at him.  Finally, when Megwyn began walking in circles searching for another object to throw at her husband Robert spoke.
“Megwyn, my lady, I have wronged you in ways I cannot even begin to understand.  I was tired and very unaccustomed to having anyone make decisions for me and was reaching a stage of exhaustion where my body reacted more by instinct than by design.  In that state I parried your knife and continued as if I were in combat.”  At this point Robert fell to his knees.  “My actions are unpardonable and so I can only offer you the chance to strike me.”  Throwing his dagger at the floor before him he continued.  “Here, you own this heart and this life, as without you, and the love we have been granted, I would not be here today, so, understanding what a wrong I have perpetrated upon you, I am kneeling here, offering myself as the appropriate target for your anger.”
Megwyn strode up to the dagger, taking it in her right hand she pointed it at Robert’s throat.  “Cur, worthless dog, why should I ever forgive you for this?”
“Because I love you, more than I love life itself, and if you need to take my life to assuage your honor, you have my permission to do so.  I owe you more than I can ever repay, and I am honor bound to beg your forgiveness, or to forfeit my life.”
Thrusting her right hand in front of her Megwyn allowed the dagger to barely pierce the skin on Robert’s throat, he moaned and Megwyn screamed, as her eyes opened wide, “Goddess, forgive me.”  She whispered as she used every bit of her sorceress’ power to quickly heal the wound and kissed Robert’s trembling lips.
“My love, forgive me.”
“Are we even now?”
“No, I meant to attack you, while your attack on me was accidental and incidental.  Why did you offer me your life, while I was so angry?  Oh, did I ever warn you about my temper?”
“No, I fear we never reached that part of the pre-conjugal discussion, but … since we are on the subject, should we?  I would ask only that we choose a place where my knees would not hurt as badly as they do on this floor.”
Moving to the bed Megwyn continued to touch Robert, to kiss him, and to try to smooth over the attack she had perpetrated.  “I work so very hard to maintain control of my temper, but, I am a woman of the heart and when that heart is allowed to do as it will, my temper results.  Robert, I am so very sorry.”  This said as she kissed the wound scar on his throat.
“I suppose I should keep this scar always as a reminder that talking with you is a much better solution to our disagreements.  I suppose this would be a good time to tell you that I have very little experience with women, aside from my mother, I have not spent any time in their company and apart from a few teen-age assignations, I have not had any physical activities with women.  … I never understood them, and tried to limit my errors by avoiding them.”
Laughing, Megwyn looked into her husband’s eyes, “Are you trying to tell me you are a virgin, my daunting knight?”
“Nearly, I guess that technically I am not, but I have no idea how to make love to a woman, and the idea of not being what the woman I love needs in a lover frightens me.  I have to tell you that I would rather face that ambush again, than our bed.  I know you have had more experience than I and so have a yard-stick to judge lovers by.  I am afraid of where I shall rank on that measure.”
Megwyn kissed her love.  The kiss started off very slow, with gentle touches of her lips against his … once … twice … thrice and then she backed away a bit and nipped his chin.  Robert’s eyes, which had closed during the kiss, opened as Megwyn touched his chin and he smiled at her.  “That was, new and different.”
Megwyn’s laughter touched Robert’s heart and resulted in the beginnings of an erection for him.  Squirming in the bed, Robert began to respond as his body took control and he pulled Megwyn tighter to him.
Megwyn kissed him again, a long, lustful kiss, and then slowly rose off the bed.  “Husband, as your physician I believe this may be a bit premature, but as your wife and lover I have to tell you that right now, I want to feel you inside me, so … I have an idea.  You will lie on your back and allow me to be the aggressor tonight, and in the future, I shall willingly and happily lie on my back and allow you to control our lovemaking.  Do you think you are ready to consummate this marriage?”
Megwyn helped Robert remove his clothing, her hand wrapped around his erection and smiling at him she looked into his eyes as her tongue moved up its length.  She spent some time admiring and teasing his erection, “I believe, husband, that you have the basic tools to satisfy a woman,” and then she walked around the bed slowly removing her clothing, teasing her love with glimpses of her body, laughing as he moaned in anticipation and desire.  When she was totally naked she walked purposefully over to their bed, knelt upon the mattress straddling Robert.  “Take your hand and feel my womanhood.”
Robert reached up with his right hand and felt the very moist center of Megwyn.  He heard her moan at his touch.  “There, now use your thumb, at the top of my sex, you will find a little erection of my own, THERE, oh there.  Yes. … Now roll your thumb around it as you put two fingers inside me.  Hmmm, Ahhh, yes.  I do believe you are trainable.  You get one choice now, do you want this slow or all at once.”
With that, Robert thrust upward inserting himself into Megwyn, bringing his pelvis up to hers.  Megwyn moaned, smiled, and pressed downward, pushing Robert’s body back onto the mattress.”  I see you fuck just the way you fight … all out.  I will teach you some other techniques, but for tonight, this is agreeable.”  With that Megwyn lifted herself up and heavily dropped back onto Robert.  She raised his hands to her breasts, and taught him to tease her hardening nipples as she moved up and down on his shaft.  “YES!”
In the hallway Hazlen and Roland smiled at each other.  As they walked down the hallway, away from their friends’ bed chamber Hazlen spoke first.  “It would seem they have found the key and a crisis has been averted.”
“Mistress Hazlen, I was very worried, not that I thought Megwyn would actually kill Robert, but that he would feel he had failed and never make the attempt at reconciliation.  He can be a very proud man.”
“They seem well matched.  Roland, I am very turned on by their activities and wonder if you would join me for some wine and sex tonight.”
Laughing, Roland took hold of Halzen’s right hand in his left.  “Mistress, you are a most beautiful woman and as long as you are willing to teach a poor human how to properly satisfy an Elf, I believe I am your man.”
“I was hoping you felt that way.”
Chapter 14 – Another Morning

Megwyn awoke and simply lay on the bed basking in memories of last night.  Looking to her left she watched Robert sleep.  Who would have thought that last night, which had started out so boring, became more exciting than she had wanted any night with her husband to become, would end up being so satisfying.  “Should I awaken him for a rematch, or should I let him sleep, after all he needs his rest?”  Evidently the Goddess knew her business as the husband she was given was all she could desire in a partner, both in life and love.  “Hmm, I will let him sleep and tonight, I will see if he can top last night.”
Megwyn heard a gentle tap on her door and easing herself out of the bed, so as to not disturb Robert, she wrapped herself in a cape and went to answer it.  “Hmm, so much broken pottery, I do have to work more at controlling my anger, especially if I don’t want to have to replace all my pottery each day.”  She opened the door to find a very happy looking Hazlen waiting for her.  “Good Morning, Hazlen.”
Megwyn smiled at her friend, who seemed as content as she had ever been.  “Let’s to my study, Robert is still sleeping.”  The women walked through the bed chamber to the side door that led to Megwyn’s office.
“Hazlen, you seem positively satisfied.”
“I spent the night with your husband’s squire, he is quite the gallant.”
“I am pleased to see you enjoying life.  He knows that your heart will ever belong to another?”
“We spoke at length, he seems content to enjoy my affection, such as it is, and I have to tell you I truly enjoy his body.  I see that several of your tools need replacement, such as mortars, and such.  Did you harm your husband at all?”
“Oh, Goddess, I nearly killed him.  I was furious, walking in circles in the sleeping chamber when he arrived.  I focused all my anger on him and as he was apologizing, he offered me his body because he had attacked mine.  He threw his dagger before me and I picked it up and stabbed him in the throat.”
“MEGWYN!”
“I know.  As soon as I saw blood I knew what I had done and I launched a healing of the wound and that took all my anger from me.  I couldn’t believe I had done that.  The good part of this was that Robert and I got to speak about my temper and his inexperience with woman and reached some interesting conclusions about ourselves.  I will have to work harder to explain myself to him and he has promised to be more forthcoming with his feelings and fears.  I think we found a good working relationship.”
“Good, this is what has worried me most about your relationship.  Had you and he courted, in a more conventional manner you would have gotten more time to understand each other and that would have made for less confusion for you both, but; if you have both come to a better understanding, then it worked out for the best.  How was the sex?”
“How do you know we had sex?”
“Well, first of all you are glowing, and second of all, you smell of sex.”
Megwyn laughed with her friend.  “It was wonderful.  He has little experience with women and it is much like being a teenager again, except I already know what I want and can be both subject and teacher at the same time.”
“Blessings on you both, I did come for another matter though.”
“Oh?”
“Yes, has Penelope spoken with you?”
“She has, I was going to talk with you and some of her other teachers soon.  What is your opinion?”
“Penelope is a very bright student, but she rubbed Claudia the wrong way and so both Claudia and Rebecca have given her poor grades, and she may well have earned them as her method of striking back at them has been to not perform her best for them.”
“She has asked me to apprentice her.”
“You two would be a good pair.  You are meticulous, and she needs to be taught to pay particular attention to her work.  You are also not prejudiced and she knows you to be open to half-elves and she needs to know that her teacher’s criticism is of her work, not herself.”
“I am inclined to take her and to have her redo her poor classes with me.  It may increase the length of her apprenticeship by a year, but that may be for the good.  I mostly wonder about taking an apprentice when I have so recently taken a husband.”
“I think you should take her.  I wouldn’t want you to forsake your study of the craft and concentrate too heavily on your husband.  It is just about time for him to return to practice at arms and this will free you up to continue your study.  It will help you prepare for your very interesting life, as the wife of a human knight.”
“Thank you, for your insight and most of all, for your friendship.  Have you broken your fast?”
“No, are you waiting for Robert?”
“I think I will let him sleep and find myself some food, let us to the kitchen.”
Robert woke slowly and heard the sound of someone shuffling about in the room.  He reached for the dagger he kept on the table, next to the bed and rose quickly off the bed in a defensive crouch.
“Robert, it is I, Roland.  You are most intimidating naked, with a dagger.”
Robert found himself laughing and putting down his dagger reached for the shirt lying on the floor.  “How does the day find you, my friend?”
“Quite well, I had a wonderful romp with Hazlen last night.  We decided to engage in the sport after insuring that you and Megwyn weren’t going to destroy each other, although there were a few moments I was worried about.”
“I was worried for a bit myself.  OK, I need to schedule some light practices in the mornings for the next week.  If I don’t start practicing soon, it will go badly for me later.”
“Why don’t we start today, let’s go find some breakfast and then the practice yard of the palace is nearby.  I would think that some light sword work would be a good way to begin.”
“Excellent.  Let me find some clothes and we will begin our day.”  This said as Robert found his trews, boots, tunic, and belt and prepared himself to leave the chamber.
Megwyn had found a workaday burgundy robe and some sandals, and a belt to complete her ensemble and was sitting with Hazlen at a table in the hall, when Penelope arrived, wearing the simple brown robes of a student.  Megwyn motioned her over to the two sorceresses and Penelope sat with then, with much trepidation.  “Penelope, what is your expectation for your education here?”
Realizing that this was part of her formal interview with her prospective mentor Penelope took a deep breath, and gave herself a few moments to gather her thoughts.  She looked Megwyn firmly in the eyes and began.  “I have always wanted to be a healer.  Even as a child, I would try to fix every broken animal I found and during my childhood I found some small success in this and a great deal of satisfaction whenever I was able to alleviate suffering and help a creature become whole.”
Megwyn listened carefully to not only what Penelope said, but to how she said it; nodding her head she paid particular attention to Penelope’s eyes.  “I want you to understand that I am not going to be tolerant of your passive-aggressive activities when you feel angry or think that you are being unfairly treated.  I will not always explain my actions to you and I need for you to understand that I expect obedience and exacting attention to detail as you work.  How do you feel about this?”
Penelope nearly jumped out of her chair with excitement.  “I understand, and I should have been more attentive of my studies instead of trying to fight my teachers.”
“This will be a lesson that you will have to pay for with interest.  I expect you to repeat each of the classes you did poorly in … and … I expect perfection in all of your spell work and work with patients and unguents.   Are you prepared to become an adult and work at this level?”
“I understand, mistress, and I will work very hard to make you proud of me and to know that you did the right thing in taking me.”
“I have not offered you the position, yet.  I need for you to be interviewed by my husband, Prince Robert and after you do that, he and I will discuss you and your possibilities and you and I will speak again.  Are you agreed?”
A bit subdued Penelope nodded and raised her eyes to Megwyn’s.  “I understand, mistress, and know you will do the best thing for all of us.”
At that moment Robert and Roland entered the hall, both carrying a bowl of porridge, a wedge of bread, and some water.  Robert nodded towards Megwyn, and when she motioned him over, he and Roland moved sit with Megwyn, Hazlen, and Penelope.  “Morning my lady, how did you sleep,” Robert asked as he kissed his wife’s cheek.
“My rest was wonderful and I am looking forward to working at my craft today and hope that you will have some time for me this afternoon.”
“Roland and I were planning on some light sword work after breakfast, and I will have a better idea how much I can do right now after that.  Will you be available to meet for lunch, or would you rather meet afterwards?”
“Let us meet in my study just before lunch and we can talk.”
Robert nodded and as Megwyn learned upwards for a kiss, he kissed her.  It was a bit awkward for him as he was not accustomed to displaying emotion in public and he realized that there were going to be many changes in life he was going to have to get accustomed to.
The ladies departed as Robert and Roland sat at the table and they discussed the exercise they were going to try this morning.
Chapter 15 – Inspiration

Richard sat in his privy chamber attended by only Master Bertrand, Lord Thomas, and a single servant, who stood attentively at the door.  The three men in conference were trying to define a policy likely to defuse a growing anti-Elf feeling developing in the kingdom and to destroy the organization that was using this feeling to advance its own power.  Trying to do so while allowing a measure of freedom was the real issue here.
Richard was now aware that his brother, Duke Paylor, was the brains behind the anti-Elf movement, even if he was not formally allied with the Society for Racial Purity, he was the inspiration, and probably the paymaster for its operations.  “OK, is my brother contemplating the throne?”  It was a natural question for a reigning monarch to ask.
“I don’t think so, Your Grace.  Were that the case, I would expect to see more maneuvering for baronial support, no this looks more like a simple case of trying to become a bigger cog in the machinery of government to make his position more secure.  You have a small baby as heir, and Paylor is the second in line.”  Thomas’ assessment was based on years of political intrigue in the kingdom and a deep understanding of who wants what in the kingdom.
“Is David in danger?”
“A single prince is always in danger, and not just from political enemies.”
“Your Grace?”  The Grand Master interrupted.  “If there is a power struggle within the kingdom and that struggle is not aiming for the throne, perhaps it is aiming for the Order instead?  If a political party could take control of the Order, they would control the standing military of the country and through it, launch a campaign aimed to remove the kingdom of Mithrea and increase the land base of Castrea and perhaps increase the size of the baronage considerably.  THAT would appeal to a large number of noble families, as their younger sons would be the most likely recipients of those estates.”
Richard walked purposefully towards the window.  “Gentleman, I have more bad news for you.  I have invited Lord Leonidis to join us; he has brought a very interesting missive from Mithrea.  He should be here any moment.”
“More bad news Your Grace?”
“I am afraid so, Thomas, but at least information received is better than information missed.”
A knocking at the door was answered by the servant, and he announced the Elvin Ambassador.  Leonidis walked purposefully to the king, bowed, and took Richard’s extended hand.  “Thank you for seeing me, Your Grace.”
“Well, I wanted my closest advisors to hear this as well, Excellency.  Pray speak on.”
“A fortnight and a half ago a force of some six-hundred advanced against the camp wherein your Sir Robert was being treated.  A delaying force of a century of Elvin Rangers slowed them down enough to allow Corrental to bring the host of Mithrea to Robert’s aid and even then, when they humans saw the number of Elves arrayed against them, they attacked the banner of Mithrea.”
Bertrand shook his head, “You don’t believe that His Grace the king had anything to do with such an attack.”
“My Lord Grand Master, no, for several reasons, not the least of which was that not a single Knight of Filias was among the warriors that attacked.  Also it is improbable that a king who could raise an army of six-thousand would make an attack with six-hundred, mostly mercenaries.  And finally, that the broken arrow of peace is still sitting above his throne.  So, no, Corrental does not believe that Castrea came against him.”
“Thank his grace for that,” Richard spoke while walking around a table.  “Do we have any idea who did this?”
“Well, given the number of racial slurs flung at the Elves by the attackers it would seem that the purists in your kingdom tried to create an incident, which only the timely intervention of His Grace of Mithrea prevented.  I would say that this racial purity group of yours wants Sir Robert dead, and wishes to blame that death on Elves.”
Lord Thomas rose, “It would appear so, Excellency.  Have you other news, there is a twinkle in your eye that leads me to believe so.”
Leonidis smiled taking a letter from his pouch.  “It would seem that the gods are involved as well.  Mistress Megwyn, Sorceress and Princess has fallen in love with that self-same Sir Robert, and it would appear he with her.  They have been married in Haven, with King Corrental’s blessing.”
Bertrand smiled, as if he were sharing a joke with no-one but himself.  “Robert married; now that is a surprise.  He has always been so awkward around women and never mixed comfortably in their company before.  He is happy?”
The room was quiet as servants brought refreshments to the Privy Chamber and placed them on the central table.  As the servants withdrew Leonidis continued, “The leader of the attacking force has been magically embalmed and his body awaits Your Grace’s pleasure in Haven.”
“Do you know who it was?”
“Receta, Count Receta was the name his retainers called him by.”
Thomas shook his head, “Well that certainly explains why the west has been so quiet of late.  It would appear that its thorn has been shaken loose.  That nails the attack to the Purists and explains how mercenaries were landed without our knowledge.”
Bertrand added a note of optimism.  “Losing Receta and the gold that small army cost them will set the Purists back a bit, it should give us some time to work out a strategy, but we can’t waste this small advantage we have gained.”
“Quite right Bertrand.”  Richard was animated now that the facts were known and it was time to work on a strategy, Richard was always at his best when developing a strategy to defeat an enemy or when implementing such a strategy.  “Bring in three royal scribes, I will want letters written and let the horsemaster know I need fast mounts for the riders when the letters are ready.  Gentlemen, I suggest we plan a meeting with King Corrental, someplace between us, so we meet as equals.”
Bertrand turned to his king, “At the camp on Highridge where Robert was treated.  That location is nearly at the border and it was defended by Corrental and his Elves.  This makes a great place for two leaders to meet to determine their strategies and to pledge themselves.”
“Well done, Bertrand.  Thomas, get the royal machinery in motion for such a meeting.  Leonidis, do you think that Corrental will be willing to meet there, say in a fortnight?
“Your Grace, I believe His Grace of Mithrea would welcome such a meeting and will be very interested in securing our common border against future rogue groups.”
“Ah, here come the scribes, excellent.  Now gentlemen, let us get busy, I have many ideas I wish to put before Corrental and we have not a moment to spare.
Chapter 16 – Workout

Robert found himself sweating profusely, and barely able to parry the attacks that Roland launched at him after only a few minutes of work.  But, as the knight he was, he continued to work with his squire for a good two hours, even though the sword felt as if it were made of lead and his muscles complained profusely, Robert felt good about the two hours he worked this first day.  It would be a week before he would be able to put steel armor on, instead of the padded practice armor he wore today, but … all things in good time.
“Hold, Roland are you really holding back as much as I think you are this morning?”
“Aye Rob, that I am.  I am not ready to face your wife in ‘full angry’ for setting your recovery back a fortnight,” Roland answered smiling.  Both men were now leaning on their practice swords and smiling while breathing heavily.
“OK, that clinches it I need a rest.  Have you any idea what time it has gotten to?”
“The last I heard the bells marked ten of the morn, good sir knight.”  This voice emanated from the small Elvin girl, Penelope, that Megwyn had been speaking with earlier in the day.  “Am I disturbing you, My Prince?”
“If you are, you are a welcome disturbance, Penelope.  I have need to speak with you this morning.  Roland, if you would get all of us some sweet wine we shall all retire under that oak tree for a bit.”
Roland left for the kitchens and Robert and Penelope walked towards the oak tree in the middle of the practice yard.  As Robert could see the evident trepidation with which Penelope treated their proposed conversation, he opened the discussion.  “You have asked Megwyn to apprentice you?”
“I have, and I know that she can be the teacher to bring out the best in me.  I am often, not the best student you see?”
“Why is that?”
“There is a lot of hatred of half-Elvin among the Elves, did you know that?”
“I did not.  I had thought that particular idiocy was the venue for narrow-minded humans.  Pray tell me about your parents.”
“My father is Claudius, a Ranger and my mother was Diana, a human from Dumphries.”  Robert realized that there was more to this title than Penelope was telling him so he looked Penelope squarely in the eye as he patiently waited for her to elaborate.  She started a couple of times before she took a deep breath and continued.  “Mother was a courtesan, one of the first rank, in Dumphries; and my father was a regular customer of hers.  When mother’s condition became known he assisted her, financially, and when I was born, and was evidently half Elvin, he acknowledged me as his, legitimizing me.  Mom died when I was three and my father brought me to his home and his mother, my grandmother, raised me.”
“Was Grandmam happy with her grand-daughter?”
“Not in the least.  Her most common title for me is ‘the little whore in training.’”
“Ouch, that must have been … difficult … to say the very least.”  Robert and Penelope had taken seats on the exposed roots of the great oak and Robert was listening intently to the young girl tell him the tale of her early life.
“Did things improve when you began displaying magical talents?”
“No, I think Grandmam was even less happy then.  It appeared that not only would the little whore-to-be carry on her name, but would surpass her in magical ability.  Every manifestation of my talents was denigrated and any and every mistake I made in life became the subject of endless discussions about my short-comings.”
“What makes you think that apprenticing to Megwyn will be in your and our best interest?
“Well, first of all, I can expect that my half-human state will never be a point of criticism, which is very important to me.  Secondly, I expect that Megwyn, whose reputation for her temper, especially as a young apprentice gives me some confidence that she will understand me and my frustrations and bad humor, and … finally … I believe that working with you both will be fun for me.”
During that last statement Roland had walked up to them with three goblets and a pitcher of sweet red wine.  Handing one to Penelope and Robert, he filled the three and at Robert’s motion to sit with them sat against the trunk of the tree joining the conversation.
“Roland, do you know Penelope?”
“Aye.”
“She has asked Megwyn to apprentice her and Megwyn wishes to speak with me at luncheon concerning this request.  Since becoming Megwyn’s apprentice will bring Penelope into the household, perhaps you can give her some idea of what life in this household will be like.”
Roland sat back against the tree for a moment, his eyes taking in the young woman sitting next to him.  He could see that she was a very intense woman, and one with passions barely under control, much like Robert, when he was eighteen and, quite evidently, much like Megwyn herself.  “Robert is a Knight of Filias, as such he is often tasked to perform missions for his King and Kingdom, this requires that we, of his house, support him in those tasks and that puts us on the road, living as we can for days on end.  Also, even before Robert became a Prince of Mithrea, he oft was expected to act as a royal representative, and the actions of any in his household were and will be a reflection upon him.  So, joining this household might be more taxing than you think.”
“Now, should you join us, you become a member of this house, that means that your honor is defended and guaranteed by Robert, and any actions of any of us reflect on him.  Any sport you get yourself into reflects upon him and he may well be forced to fight should those actions be seen as less than honorable, by those who witness them, and whose standards may well not be the same as ours.”
Penelope looked a bit wide-eyed at the men as she took this all in.  Taking a deep breath she answered, “I am beginning to understand the differences between being a child and an adult in a very prominent position.  I am not well schooled in these matters and I am only certain that I will take instruction and perform to the best of my ability.”
Robert nodded.  “That is a good answer, but I would task you even more.  You must always discover the limits of your life by asking first, not by being corrected, so, you need to listen to Roland and consider his advice as if it came from me.  As you can see, becoming Megwyn’s apprentice is a lot more complicated than apprenticing to any other Priestess.”
“Will I be corrected by you as well, My Prince?
“Most of the time, no, however; when the situation demands and time is of the essence, as it oft is, yes.  That is one of the things that Megwyn and I need to discuss as well.  I will provide no direction concerning your craft, but, your day to day activities will be monitored by Roland and me and correction, if warranted, may come from either of us.  So, you will be taking on three taskmasters, should you decide you still wish to apprentice to Megwyn, are you ready for this increased supervision?”
Penelope looked at Robert with a very intense stare.  Robert could tell that she was trying to process all this data as quickly as she could, and he appreciated that she was giving this discussion all of her attention.  Penelope looked Robert straight in the eye as she answered him.  “Yes, Megwyn is the best chance I have to achieve my potential and I have faith in you both.”
“Thank you Penelope, I will speak with my wife today.”
“Please call me Penny, my prince.”
“Only if you will call me Robert when protocol does not demand more.”
Penny smiled gratefully, “Thank you, Robert.”
Penelope rose and walked back towards the kitchen.  “So Rob, you will recommend that Megwyn take Penny,” asked Roland.
“I shall.  I think that Penny is correct in that Megwyn is her best chance to learn all she can learn, and … I believe that Penny will help Megwyn achieve her own best potential.  Now, if only that twinkle in my squires eye does not indicate some future problems with apprentices and squires.”
“You know me Rob, I will nay do anything the lassie does not wish done, but … I do think she is the most beautiful woman I have ever met.”
“I could tell that, by watching you.  Well, just take care.  I am troubled by the length of time my beautiful wife will be a widow and I would not wish you to be troubled by the same kind of issues.”
“Rob, I am not one to brood on the philosophical, as you are.  The problem might exist, but I doubt I would take much time worrying about it.”
Rising Robert smiled at his squire and friend.  “Well, let us go get some lunch and let me speak with Megwyn, it would seem that my entourage is growing daily.”
Chapter 17 – Post Coital Conversation

Robert was lying on their bed, looking at the naked body of his sleeping wife.  “I wonder if it is proper to wake a beautiful woman to tell her she is beautiful and to see if you can talk her into having sex again?”  Thinking thus Robert allowed the index finger of his right hand to caress her left breast.  “Are all breasts so beautiful?  Do all breasts drive men to lust and fill them with the need to touch them?  
“Love, if you want to wake me, touching my nipple like that is guaranteed to do so.  Are you interested in love-making again?
“Yes, but I have a head filled with questions for you.  Will it ruin the mood if I ask you questions first?”
“Possibly, but all things being equal, I think we had best address the questions first, and then, if love-making is still a possibility … well, I did warn you that I am a randy girl.”
“Some of my questions will be very silly.  I have little experience with women and so I am filled with funny questions.”
Megwyn laughed and reached out to touch her husband’s right hand.  “Ask away my heart, and I will try to help you as much as I can.”
“OK, these will be in no specific order, just the way my mind works.  I have never seen a naked woman in the light before you.  Your form is incredibly desirable and I adore simply looking at your body, is that a sin?”
Megwyn couldn’t even try to hold in her laughter.  “You humans have developed many mores, you call them sins.  No, looking at your wife’s body with desire can never be a sin.  Elvin mores are a bit different; we believe that sin is the act of hurting another unnecessarily.  It is simpler and you may wish to adopt Elvin philosophy to make your life easier.”
Smiling, Robert nodded as his finger continued to tease her nipple.  “Are nipples always that divine pink color?”
“No, the color of the nipple is usually dictated by the skin tone of the woman.  Women with darker skin have darker nipples although that is not always exactly the case.  Elves have fewer mores and restrictions about nudity so I have seen a large number of nipples and they vary greatly.”
Robert began to blush heavily.  “Ah … ah.”
“Out with it my warrior.”
“I have spent a deal of time looking at your vagina and it is lovely, but … is it where you pee from and if so, where does the urine come from.”
Megwyn continued to laugh at her very embarrassed husband.  “You have never seen a women relieve herself?
Robert shook his head and Megwyn took his hand and lead him to the necessary room, adjacent to the sleeping chamber, she slid the heavy curtain away from the doorway and sat down on the stool.  “Kneel my love and watch.  I have to admit that I never thought that I would be having such a conversation or demonstration with my husband though.  Why are you so curious?”
“I love you, and I want to know you and there is just so much about women in general and you in particular that I know nothing about.  I wish to know all about you.”
“Please tell me you don’t really want to learn about my menses?”
Robert looked at her as if she were speaking in a foreign tongue.”
“My courses, my womanly period that occurs if I don’t get pregnant, you aren’t really interested in watching this, are you?
“If it is part of you … yes, if that isn’t being too personal, or too gross.”
Megwyn thought about this for a moment and laughed again.  “Well, I am about to demonstrate urination for you so I guess we should go all the way with this.  If you wish to see, I will show you, but I warn you, it is not the prettiest presentation for a woman.”
“I do not wish to demean you, or to make you uncomfortable.  If you would rather not …”
“No, you have asked and what kind of wife would I be if I didn’t help my husband understand me.  Ok, now look carefully.”  With that Megwyn used the fingers of both hands to open her labia and began to relieve herself into the pot.  “See, just below my clitoris you can see the urine exiting.
As she finished Robert stood up, holding his wife’s face in both of his hands he kissed her.  “Thank you.  I would never have figured that one out.”
“Well, now that you have seen, get me some of the moss so I can clean this up.  Unlike you men, a few shakes won’t do the trick.”
Megwyn and Robert returned to their bed.  Megwyn had a quizzical look in her eyes as they lay back down.  “Did you find that demonstration, sexually exciting?”
“No, should I have?”
“Different people are excited by different things and I have known those for whom public urination is a turn-on.  I was hoping it wasn’t for you as it is not my idea of sexual stimulation, but one must make allowances for the desires of a mate.  OK, what is your next question and I will NOT demonstrate voiding my bowels for you, take it from me that it is EXACTLY the same as your activity.”
“Thank you, Megwyn.”  Robert kissed his wife again.  OK, what is your feeling about fidelity in our marriage?  
Megwyn’s face showed some strain at this question.  “Why, do you wish to have a more open relationship?
Robert was taken aback, “no, I just don’t wish to prevent you from enjoying life as you believe it should be enjoyed.  I know that many Elvin women enjoy multiple partners and often engage in sex with other women and … well … I love you and I want you to be happy so, I wanted to know how you defined our relationship.”
Megwyn’s loving look melted Robert’s heart and as her right hand moved to caress his left cheek she looked directly into his eyes.  “Dearest, I have not lived a chaste life, as you humans would rate such things, however; since my heart melded with yours I have come to the realization that I have no desire for anyone else.  Do you wish to include others in our sexuality, or do you wish to have other lovers?
“No, I don’t.  I may be very old-fashioned, by Elvin standards, but I am very certain that the only woman I wish to make love to is you and I believe that watching you with other lovers, male or female, would break my heart.”
“THAT, my love was the right answer.  I have to tell you that I have thought about this for a bit and I believe that should I discover that you wanted another, I would let you have her, then remove from your body the offending member that had entered her and deliver it to her in a box, so she could know that no one would enjoy your embrace again.”
“You would kill me”
“Yes.”
“Acknowledged.  I would leave you should you take another.  No fanfare, no fancy words or legal paperwork, I would ride off and never see you again.”
“I would rather you killed me, Robert.”
“Good.  OK, I have another question, one that is very difficult to word properly, so pray give me a moment to formulate this properly.”  Robert had that look on his face he gets when he is trying to insure he is wording something quite correctly.  “Sometimes when we make love you want me to be gentle and seductive, while other times you want me to be very aggressive and simply take my pleasure from you, and again, at other times you wish to take control and take your pleasure from me.  I want to be a good lover and the kind of husband that a wife enjoys, so … how do I tell the difference?  How do I learn what you want on any given night so I can insure that you are satisfied?”
“Oh sweet love, I cannot answer that.  All I can tell you is that so far, you have been the most attentive, cooperative, and wonderfully talented lover I have ever known.  I would suggest that we simply continue as we are doing and if one of us has a need, we will make that need known to each other and work on it together.  Do you have more questions, my lord?  Or … since we leave for the Grand Conference, and our time will be pretty much  taken up with duties for the next five days, would you like to make love a time or two tonight, if my demonstration did not dampen your desire for your wife?”
“No, in fact, being open and honest with you is the greatest turn-on for me.”  Robert began to caress Megwyn’s breasts as his lips sought hers and he brought his body over hers to see if there were other variations on a theme he could learn from his oh so beautiful wife.
Chapter 18 – More Conversations
In Paylor’s Privy Chamber
“What is that idiot brother of mine cooking up now?”  Paylor paced around his chamber shouting more at the world in general, than at his Steward, Brontos.  “And he leaves the kingdom in the hands of his equally useless wife, Rowena.  Why won’t he trust me to manage the kingdom for him and he and his queen can continue to try to make princes on the journey.”
“Your Grace, I know not what the king is trying to accomplish, and it is quite common to leave the kingdom in the hands of the queen, if the king is taking a journey.”
“SHUT UP, you fool.  Don’t you think I know this?  I am simply trying to understand what Richard is trying to do that makes him wish to keep me away from any knowledge of it and to insure that I can’t find out.  He and that useless Grand Master Bertrand have something they are trying to set up to spoil my plans!  That I can tell you!”
Brontos nodded slowly, keeping his eyes on his often unpredictable master.  “Well, Sire, our people in his household should be able to enlighten you about these activities even if you aren’t involved in the deliberations.”
“Damn it man, I WANT to be part of the deliberations.  People should see me as a power within the kingdom and as someone they should come to for favors and advice.”
“They do sire, oh they do.  … Oh, the new blonde girl, do you want her dressed in that sky-blue gown for this afternoon’s pleasure?
“The blue gown? … Yes, I think so.  It looks so nice with her hair and skin, you are correct, our agents should find out what is happening and especially the one I have planted in the household of that idiot Bertran.”
In Queen Rowena’s Privy Chamber
“Constance, I am so glad to see you this morning, how are you feeling after your long journey?”  Rowena’s eyes took in the duchess who walked towards her chair.  Constance was a beautiful woman, long flowing auburn hair, striking brown eyes, high cheekbones and a willowy frame that moved with a grace likely to win the favor or any man, and many women, who looked upon her.  “To what do I owe the unexpected pleasure of your company?” The queen stood, to her full five foot six inches, her long blond hair flowing down to her waist and her blue eyes twinkling in joy to be seeing her friend again.  The women had much in common, having been raised in the same household and being married to brothers, they shared more of life than most women.
“Why I wanted to spend some time with my sister-in-marriage and to share my thoughts and observations with her.”  The look in Constance’s eyes spoke volumes to Rowena and she nodded knowingly to her friend as the two took chairs next to each other.
Rowena spoke to her maids.  “Ladies … Pray prepare the croquet court for our entertainment and inform the chamberlain that I will need accommodations for her grace for a few weeks.”  The ladies-in-waiting bowed and left the chamber to do her bidding.
“Now, what is troubling you?  I can tell by your eyes that you are not happy and that something is bothering you.  Is that philandering husband of yours up to his old tricks again?”
Constance let out a small, self-deprecating laugh, “my lord husband must needs find his pleasures with the bodies of many young girls, this one, is not sufficiently pliable, or perhaps sufficiently desirable for him.”  
Rowena gave Constance a knowing look.  “I suppose you have resolved yourself to his ways by now.”
Laughing more fully now Constance took Rowena’s hand and holding back a small tear gave her queen information of import to her, “I would render a service to you and our king, and in so doing, thwart the plans of my husband, who has betrayed me oft enough.”   Rowena looked into her friend’s eyes fully now.  “Master Bertrand’s clerk, Samuel, is in the employ of His Grace, the Duke and passes information to my husband that thwarts the aims of the order and the king.”
Rowena gasped at the news.  “Your husband betrays his king?”
“Yes, and sees himself as the rightful and proper king.”
“I have means to get this information to Richard and by extension, to Bertrand.  You have rendered me, our king, and the kingdom great service this night, my sister.  I am in your debt, is there anything I can do for you?”
Constance folded her hands in her lap, looked into the eyes of her friend and whispered to her, “when the time comes, I would love to have a husband who appreciates me as a lady, lover, and wife, if that time comes, I would appreciate your help in finding such a husband.”
Rowena took hold of her friend’s hands, “That will be a pleasure; you realize that your husband’s head may well grace the gate of our keep for this?”
“Well, that should expedite the finding of a new husband, shouldn’t it?” Constance said with an enthusiastic smile.
The women laughed at this and Rowena called for her court sorceress informing her that a message had to be sent to King Richard immediately as all of his deliberations during this summit meeting with Corrental would be compromised unless the clerk Samuel could be mitigated, or eliminated.  When she had relayed all the information she wished sent to the king to her sorceress Rowena turned to her friend.  “Well, let us to the croquet field and see if you can try to win against your queen.”  Smiling and holding each other’s hands, the women exited the chamber.
A tent on the Castrea/Mithrea border
As Penny walked into the outer room of Robert and Megwyn’s pavilion she found Roland busily polishing the coronets for the prince and princess.  “Can you use a hand there?”
“Aye, and bring more of that polishing mixture over here with you too.”
Penny pulled a stool up next to the large squire she was beginning to consider a friend.  Taking Megwyn’s coronet she began to use elbow grease and salt mixed with tallow to work the tarnish off the head piece.  As she worked, she found herself looking at the squire, comparing his appearance to the elves she had known all her life.  She realized that he was a lot larger, and that he sweated a lot more than elfish men although she found herself enjoying the smell of him and truly enjoying the touch of his body against hers as they worked.  “Where are Robert and Megwyn?”
“Megwyn is attending a sorceress meeting and Rob has been sent, by Richard of Castrea to attend some task for him.  I have no idea when either of them will return.”
“May I ask you a question or two?”
Laughing, Roland found himself looking the diminutive half-elf in the eye as he replied. “When would my gainsaying you stop you?  It has never happened before, to my certain knowledge.”
Penny found herself relaxing even more in the company of this relative giant; smiling up at him she began her questioning.  “How did Megwyn and Robert fall in love?  Did they pine for each other for months, or was their marriage a political one and they were just lucky to fall in love?”
“Ach lassie, you have not heard the story?”
“I have heard any number of stories, including one where they were in eggs sitting next to each other in the nest of a giant eagle and hatched at the same moment knowing they were destined to be together.”
“Well, that story may not be as far from the truth as you might first imagine.  Rob and Megwyn were melded into a single love while she fought to save his life after an ambush Rob, I, and some others were caught in.  Some of them didn’t’ make it out alive either.”  As Megwyn describes it while she was casting a spell to help heal Rob, her heart melded with his and so it was a divine gift, so to speak.  She seems to think that they were destined to become lovers, but the act of healing, especially from the nearly mortal wound Robert had suffered caused it to happen instantaneously, instead of them taking time to fall in love.”
“I’m not certain I would like to fall in love that way.  I would like to be wooed by my prospective, to have him spend time winning my heart and giving me a chance to fall in love with who he is, slowly.  If what I say makes any sense?”
“Aye, it does, and I think that some of the difficulties that Rob and Megwyn have had were caused by just that shortened courtship of theirs.  Luckily for them Megwyn awoke days before Rob and knew what had happened and had a chance to come to grips with it before Rob found out.  But, for what it is worth, I have known Rob all his life and there isn’t a woman in any of the kingdoms that would have been a better match for Rob than Megwyn.  I have never seen him so happy in my life, and it is a life that has been risked several times to save mine, so it is one I owe much to.”
“How did you and Rob get together?”
“We grew up together.  My father was the blacksmith at Morganheath, Rob’s father’s castle and Rob was the second son, destined to remain in waiting, to see if he would inherit, but as things turned out he was destined to find his own way.  We played together as boys and our fathers realized that we were bound to stay with each other, so I was trained to be his squire and as a team we left Morganheath so Rob could make his fortune.”
“Did he make a fortune?”
Roland’s laugh was deep and resonant.  “No, Rob has no head for riches.  He joined the Knights of Filias and earned his fortune, if you call it such, in work for the kingdom and order.  It isn’t a bad life, we have beds and food wherever we end up, and the order has its own armorers, farriers, and blacksmiths to service us as we work, and, when we are too old to fight anymore, the order has places for us at its preceptories, those are our castles and town-houses.  So, we get to have adventures as young men and a secure place for our old-age, should we attain it.  But now … Rob has taken on something new, being an Elvin prince.  I know that both he and I often struggle to understand Elvin ways and the Elves themselves.”
“Well, I can help you there some, and I gainsay that you can help me.  I understand Elves after all, and you understand humans, which I struggle to understand, so it seems that between us, we can make quite a team.”
Roland tried to read all the nuances that Penny placed in that sentence, but the girl was wearing her inscrutable face and he could not tell her exact meaning.  “Well, I like the sound of that, so partners it is.”
With a twinkle in her eye and a wry smile Penny joined in with “partners.”

 
Chapter 19 – Movement

Robert found himself comfortably seated in the outer room of a hastily assembled hunting lodge built for this conference between Richard and Corrental.  The walls were rough wood with some tapestries hung to try to add a sense of elegance to the room, but it resembled nothing more than what it was, a hastily built hunting lodge.  Its three windows, covered with waxed paper provided some dim light, but most of the light was provided by the two eight-candle candelabra located in the east and west walls.
The building was located in a large meadow and had an enhanced privacy as there was a ring of knights and rangers cordoning off the building one-hundred-and-fifty paces from its walls.  Robert surmised that only with mage-hearing could anyone hear what the two kings and their advisors were saying within.
Not being a patient man by nature, Robert wanted to pace the limits of the room, which he had already ascertained to be twelve foot by twelve foot in size, but his sense of decorum bade him sit in the not-so-comfortable folding chair provided for him.  It was a rather elegant chair, made of cherry wood with the seat and back constructed of heavy tooled leather, however; after sitting in it for a few minutes, Robert was convinced that it needed a cushion under his buttocks or he would be sore all night from it.  As soon as a servant passed through the room Robert would request such a cushion.
As Robert made this decision he heard the outer door latch click and he turned to request the cushion from the servitor he expected to enter, but was surprised when he saw that the entrant was his lady wife, Megwyn.  His face broke into a smile and he rose to greet her.  “My lady or am I supposed to call you Highness in this setting?  I am heartily glad to see you, but what brings you here?”  The lovers hugged each other and took pleasure and support from the company of each other.
Megwyn gave her love a brief kiss.  “I received a summons to join the kings in the lodge while I was attending the priestess’ council meeting a few minutes ago, so I have hurried over.  I am not dressed well enough to attend a king, not to mention two of them but I got the impression that haste was much more important than decorum today.  And … to you I am ever, and always Megwyn.”
“Well, we are much a match then, dear-heart, as I threw a tunic over my fighting shirt and trews and Roland found a hat for me so I would at least be covered in the King’s presence.  I suppose they will eventually tell us what they want from us today.”
“I suppose it is to officially congratulate us on our wedding and to formally bestow my dower lands on me, but that is just my guess.”
“That makes some sense, but why not simply do that tonight, at the feast, when we will be properly dressed with all our attendants at our side.  Ah well, I guess they will tell us when they are ready.”
As Robert spoke those words the inner door opened and Lord Thomas walked through the door.  He smiled as he took at the two of them holding each other and bowed formally.  “Your Highnesses, their Graces Richard and Corrental summon you into their presence.”
Robert and Megwyn looked at each other after receiving the rather formal summons.  “Well, sweet wife of mine, may I escort you into the presence?”
Megwyn smiled at her husband, taking his hand, “Always and ever, my love.”
The pair walked through the door and discovered that a large tapestry that evidently usually hung over the doorway had been pulled aside to allow use of the door.  The room was lit by skylights only and every foot of the walls was covered in tapestries and as they walked through them Megwyn whispered, “Quiet spells on all the tapestries, to prevent people from listening from outside the room.”  Robert was impressed with the security precautions the kings were taking.
Richard and Corrental were seated in the center of the north wall; on equal thrones set opposite from the door they had entered the room.   This room was three times the size of the waiting room Robert had been in with its dimensions about thirty-six by thirty-six feet.  Both kings were looking seriously at the pair as they moved towards the presence.  Robert and Megwyn walked to within six feet of the thrones and bowed to both kings.  Robert spoke first.  “Your Graces Richard and Corrental we arrive at your summons.”  Megwyn bowed to both kings while greeting them.  “King Richard, and King Corrental, how may we serve?”
Richard invited both of them to be seated, and some chairs were fetched, by a servant, for them to sit before the thrones.  Robert realized that there was a table between the two thrones with several parchment scrolls upon it and several of these had seals affixed already.  Behind the thrones the visible portion of the machinery of government could be seen with scribes at a table and both Lord Thomas and Lord Eliasis directing the activity behind the thrones.
Richard began the meeting.  “Robert, we have long called you friend, and Megwyn, your new wife are both well met, His Grace of Mithrea and I have a common problem we would like to discuss with you both.  We share a border that is remote for both of our governments and which is a highway for unfriendly elements to move into both kingdoms causing havoc and fermenting, what is probably a civil war for Castrea.  For five days we have discussed this issue and although a number of possible cures for these problems present themselves, only one of them seems to hold real promise of success and provides both Corrental and I a measure of confidence.  As this solution affects you both we have summoned you both here.”
“Robert, as our friend, and my wife’s champion I have a two commissions for you.  First I summon you to the fourth ring of the Order of Filias to become the first preceptor of the Preceptory of Northridge.  The exact location of that preceptory I leave to your judgment and in your hands.”
Robert was stunned by this news and managed to stammer, “Your Grace, I was always of the opinion that a member of the fourth ring had to be a single knight a state I am quite happily no longer in.”
Richard looked at Bertrand, who moved forward to the back of Richard’s throne to answer.  “Robert, that has been the custom in recent years, however; searching the ancient texts indicates that this was not always the case and the laws of the order do not forbid a married knight to advance in the order.  We have decided to revert to old traditions and to invoke your attendance upon this commission.  How say you, Sir Robert Fitz Ronald of Morganheath?”
Robert looked at Megwyn who nodded her head enthusiastically, while holding Robert’s hands.  “My Grand Master, Your Grace, although I think myself unworthy of such an honor, I am knight enough to accept the assignment and thank you both for your confidence and the honor.”
Richard again spoke.  “There is more.  I am minded to create a new Earldom.  The land from the Western Ocean to the Eastern Ocean, for a distance of fifty miles from the border with the Kingdom of Mithrea southward I create as the Earldom of Northridge and the governance of that Earldom I grant to Prince, Sir, now Earl, Robert Fitz Ronald of Morganheath to hold by my hand as his fiefdom.”  Richard was beaming by the time he finished, watching the incredulous look on Robert’s face as the total impact of that bequest fell up him.  
“My king; that is over two-hundred-and-sixty hides of land!”
Richard continued to smile on his new Earl.  “Yes, it is thirty-two-thousand of the new ‘acres’ the exchequer is rating land by.  Also, to help you bring some of this new land into production, I am granting a ten-year exemption from taxation any new farm that goes into production in this first year, and a five-year exemption from taxation for any new mill or mine.”
Robert began to sputter … “Your Grace, you are too generous.”  He looked into the eyes of his lady wife.  “Well, Countess, what say you?”
Before Megwyn could answer her father spoke.  “Also, my daughter, We are granting you a parallel one-hundred-seven hides of land bordering your husband’s lands as your dower estate.  This gives you two close to four-hundred hides of land.”
Both the new Earl and his Countess fell to their knees before the two kings who had just been so generous to them.  Tears were flowing down both their cheeks and they were visibly moved by their new status.
Richard took up again.  “Now, before you think this too grand a gift, We need this land held in peace and right now the roads through the southwest corner of the Earldom and the port city of Westport need to be secured.  We believe that mercenaries have been routed through there and are being used by the Purist party to prepare to destroy the Elves.  Robert and Megwyn, you have your work cut out for you in securing the port, and the five major roads leading through the Earldom and making these two kingdoms safe for everyone.”
Richard looked at Bertrand who continued.  I am giving you Sir Alahandro, Sir Godfrey, Sir Hugh, and Sir Guy for the new preceptory.  They will be accompanied by eight squires and fifty serjeants to make up your total force.  That will make yours the equal of any other preceptory.”
Corrental continued.  “As a prince and princess of Mithrea, you each rate a body guard of fifty rangers so that will give you a standing army of one hundred and fifty to start with.”
Robert looked at the kings before speaking.  “Such numbers will require a quite a lot of provisions.  Let me offer every ranger who wishes to serve one-hundred-and-twenty acres of land for his or her own holding.  That will take some of the burden off of the peasants to care for those numbers.  I will also give the preceptory one-hundred hides of land for its own use.”
Corrental nodded.  “Good idea.  I will let it be known that the one hundred rangers who wish to volunteer for your service to be given ten bushels of grain from me and those acres from you.  That will give you a good start.”
Robert continued.  “My see will be in Westport as securing that city is a primary goal.  Will this lodge be remaining after the conference is over?”  Receiving a nod from both kings he continued.  “This lodge I will set up as a way-station.  It is almost halfway to the eastern mountains and sits astride the primary east-west road.  We will fortify this lodge and use it to help hold the road.  I know I will need to make other decision, but this seems like the most pressing ones have been addressed.”
Richard looked carefully at his new Earl.  “Well, there is also a more personal matter I wish to hand over to you.  We have a former clerk of the Order of Filias who it seems was the source of information that resulted in the ambush of your patrol and the death of several of your brother knights.  His name is Samuel and I have decided to give him to you.  He is condemned to death, and you may end his life as you wish or, prolong his existence if you prefer.  He is in a room in this lodge and his custody is given over to you.”
“If it pleases Your Grace, I would like this to be the first decision of the new preceptory.  Sir Alahandro and I shared that patrol, so I would make it a decision of that order.”
Richard looked carefully at his friend, the new Earl.  “I like that judgment.  Now, Robert and Megwyn let us allow you to retire to prepare for your attendance on tonight’s feast.  We expect our new Earl and his Countess to sit in state at our table.  Now, go talk together and … by the way, my wedding present to you both is a chest of one-thousand Castreans to help you begin your life together.”
Corrental spoke up.  “I match that gift.  You both will need a lot of cash to begin this adventure.  Now go, enjoy yourselves for a bit.
The Earl and his countess walked backwards from the presence until they were half way to the door.  They then bowed again before turning to the door from which a guard had parted the tapestry and opened for them.  As they passed through the portal, Robert turned to Megwyn and whispered in her ear, “I have never made love to a Countess before.”
“Nor I an Earl, I wonder if they are as much fun as Elven princes?”

Chapter 20 – Feast 

It had been scheduled to be the social highlight of the meeting.  The entire courts of both Richard and Corrental were in attendance for this evening, this brought nearly two-thousand persons under the same roof for one grand event.  To accommodate this crowd, the south wall of the main meeting room in the hunting lodge had been hinged up to the horizontal and it was under the cover of this temporary roof that the royals themselves sat.  
At head table there were places for Corrental and his female companion, General Julia Antonias.  Sitting on Corrental’s right was Richard and directly to his right sat Richard’s sister, Esmeralda, the Dowager Countess of Hermald, she often acted as Richard’s hostess when he was away from Rowena.  Strange, for a human king, there had never been a hint of rumor that Richard had ever been unfaithful to Rowena and rumor had it that after twenty years of marriage, he was still besotted with his bride and she with him.  
Esmeralda loved playing hostess to royal events and evidently had no pressing interest in a new husband, so the arrangement worked out for all concerned as Rowena was needed to manage the kingdom in Richard’s absence, Richard needed a female hostess for his events, and Esmeralda loved being the royal hostess.  The fact that she was a beautiful woman, in her own right, with sparkling blue eyes, radiant red hair, and bow-shaped lips that wore a smile for all to see, made her a perfect choice for such a part.
At Corrental’s end of the table were his two sons, Gawain and Gareth, with Gawain’s wife Adelaide and the Lady Gesell, who Gareth had been amorously pursuing for some time sitting with him.  The very fact that Gesell was with Gareth indicated that he was evidently gaining ground with his suit, but her uncomfortable state was obvious to any who looked.  She seemed nervous to be sitting with such an august table and only Gareth’s constant attention and Adelaide’s support seemed to make the ordeal passable for her. 
At Richard’s end of the table, at the far end sat the Count and Countess of Ander, they were the senior attending nobles of his court and their fiefdom was in the southwest corner of Castrea. Between the count and countess and Esmeralda, were two empty chairs.  These chairs led to much speculation as to exactly who would be attending the feast whose status would place them above a count and countess and who would be sitting on the Castreans side of the table.
Of course, there were rumors aplenty about why the Prince and Princess were not being seated on the Mithrean side of the table.  Had Corrental decided to not show favor to his daughter for marrying a human?  Or, had they actually been banished from the presence and would spend some time thinking about how their union had displeased the king?  So much speculation on a simple seating arrangement, but such is court life.
Within Robert and Megwyn’s tent all was chaos and confusion.  On the finely woven rug that constituted the floor of their sleeping chamber lay a plethora of gowns, each of them having been tried on and thrown to the ground in disgust.  As that process had progressed and Megwyn’s frustration and anger increased until the last couple had been thrown with great energy by their owner.  The two serving girls, who had tried to help dress their mistress, were huddled against one wall of the pavilion, clutching each other for support against their mistress, who couldn’t find the dress she wanted to wear to this feast.
The curtain parted suddenly and Hazlen and Penny walked into the room, quickly sizing up the situation Hazlen took charge.  “You two go out to the sitting room and polish both of the coronets in the gold boxes on the table.”  Hearing this welcome assignment, the girls left with alacrity.  “Now, Your Highness, Your Excellency, the Countess of Highridge, get ahold of yourself and settle down.  If you throw around magical energy this profligately you will pass out soon.”  Hazlen spoke while holding Megwyn firmly by her arms and looking directly into her friend’s eyes.
Megwyn started to argue, then, realizing that her dearest friend was speaking the truth she sat abruptly upon her dressing bench and started to cry.  As Megwyn cried, Hazlen sat next to her and held her former apprentice allowing Megwyn’s fears and frustrations to run their course.  As they sat thus, Penny took up a hairbrush and began to work the kinks and knots out of Megwyn’s hair.  
“So my sweet, you have been a princess all your life, and have been to many a royal feast, what is ailing you so tonight?” Hazlen looked into Megwyn’s clear green eyes, holding the Countess’ complete attention as she allowed her presence, and a softly spoken contentment spell to do their work.
“I want this night to be perfect.  I want to honor my husband, who I am so very much in love with that I nearly cry every night.  Hazlen, how can I be the wife he deserves?  How can I live this happiness, knowing that eventually I will have to live without him, knowing that the scent of his skin, the look from his eyes will leave me, oh so soon?  I try to be strong in front of him, but … I am only Elvin.” 
“My dearest friend, you will do so, because that is the only way to live with the gift you have been given.  Most elves will never understand what you feel.  We, as a race, tend to be considerate, kind, and lustful with our mates, but only touching a human heart can give insight into what love truly is.  Humans love just as they live, passionately and it is that very passion that ensnares our hearts and attracts us to them.  Think of this as the ultimate symbiotic relationship.  Without your love for Robert, you wouldn’t even know what these emotions were like; you would look at a fellow Elf experiencing these emotions and wonder if you should try to heal him or her.  But, once you know, once you love, you are forever much more aware of yourself, your emotions, and what it is like to simply be passionate.”
Megwyn took a moment to wipe her tears from her face.  “You KNOW, you are one of few people I know who can KNOW.  I was so upset that I let my thought spiral and one thing led to another until I was unhappy with everything that couldn’t be forever and everything that couldn’t be perfect, but it is that very imperfection which is, in itself, the perfection, isn’t it?”
Smiling and nodding Hazlen continued.  “So, since we have a series of problems, let us tackle them one at a time.  First, no matter what we do you are going to be a half candle mark late for the feast, so you have to dazzle them when you enter. Second, to dazzle them, you need to get some semblance of normalcy into your cheeks, dry your eyes, pick out a gown, and look like a countess as you enter that room.  Third, you have a husband who is disconsolate that he had made you miserable instead of happy and you must always remember that the link between you two means he feels much of what you feel, so imagine how confused he is to know you are unhappy, but not why.  So, problem one and two will take us about half a candle mark to fix, but number three you can fix in a few moments.  Shall I ask His Excellency to attend you?”
Her tears mostly dried Megwyn gave Hazlen a small smile and nodded.  At that nod, Penny went to the curtain separating the sitting room from the sleeping room and motioned for Robert to enter.  She held the curtain open as he did.
Robert’s expression was nervous and confused as he entered the room.  Megwyn motioned for him to sit next to her.
Robert’s first words weren’t what Megwyn had expected.  “Do you have any idea how sexy you are dressed only in a chemise with your hair brushed until it glows and your eyes puffy?” 
The oh-so-Robert comment made Megwyn laugh.  “No, and please don’t demonstrate in front of my friend and apprentice.  I asked you here to apologize to you.  I seem to be suffering from an overdose of emotions lately.  I need to have you understand me.  Elves are not terribly emotional people and as Hazlen has just reminded me, our link, you and me, is two-way, so we experience much more of each other than I had initially recognized.  So, these emotions, inspired by you, my love, have me in a tizzy and I am trying hard to get them under control.  You have not created or caused the turmoil I was in, and I am simply trying to be the wife you deserve, the wife being with you makes me want to be.  I hope I am making sense.”
Kissing Megwyn before he spoke gave Robert a chance to let her know how much she meant to him without using up words he was having trouble conjuring.  “I think so.  I keep thinking that I have destroyed your life by making you love a mere human, so when you seem unhappy, I feel to blame for that unhappiness.”
“No, my heart, what you have given me is happiness.  Remember that Elves seldom experience anything greater than contentment, so happiness, that emotion that comes from humans is exquisite joy for us.  Now, go … let these ladies work their magic and get your countess presentable so we can be honored.”  Megwyn gave Robert a simple kiss as she eased his way out of the room so the women could get to work.
Nearly a candle-mark later Robert and Megwyn entered the feast hall arm in arm.  Megwyn was wearing one of Robert’s favorite gowns, it was Burdundy, with a square neckline bordered in gold knot work with her sleeves decorated with blue stripes, as befitted her rank of sorceress and a Priestess of Evelyn.  On the third finger of her left hand she wore the emerald ring that Robert had given her as her wedding ring and around her neck was a slender elven-silver chain adorned with a single pearl.  Her makeup was sublime and her eyes showed forth with fire and love, the look she had so wanted to capture for Robert.
Walking next to her Robert was wearing his favorite long burgundy tunic.  It was slashed to the waist, front and back as befitted a knight and was trimmed in black at the neck, sleeves, and hem.  It had a keyhole neckline closed with a simple gold clasp and upon his left breast he wore the eight-pointed cross of a Knight of Filias.  The emblem was gold and in the center of the cross there resided a single ruby, the symbol of a preceptor of the order.  On his left ring finger he wore a simple woven Elvin silver ring of eight strands, the gift of his wife.
On both of their heads they wore the coronets of an Earl and his Countess.  This was a single gold band decorated with gold stars and river rushes, symbols of their right to command and rule within their borders.  These had been a gift from Richard, brought to the summit for them.
As they walked in, the herald announced them.  “Sir Robert and Lady Megwyn, Preceptor of the Knights of Filias, Priestess of Evelyn, Prince and Princess of Mithrea, Earl and Countess Northridge, by recognition, senior Nobles of Castrea, Champion of Rowena, Queen of Castrea.”
It was a bit of a shock to hear their titles as they now knew that their place in the order of precedence was just below dukes and duchesses as the senior non-royal nobles of the land.  “Walk, my lord Earl” Megwyn whispered to Robert and they began their procession to head table.  They were accompanied by Roland, Hazlen, Penny, and a small army of servants.
The pair had just sat down and spoken briefly when a rather tall mature Elf walked up to them, bowed to the kings and awaited their notice.  Robert looked at Megwyn and she spoke to the Elf in Elfish.    “Greetings Sirrah, Do you wish converse with the Earl and me, or just me?”  Robert noticed that Penny stiffened a bit at the Elf’s approach.
Replying in Human, the Elf began.  I would have speech with you both, good Princess.  I have heard of the offer from your gracious lord and you and I would ask to be considered for either of the guard details you are forming, however; because of the … rather intimate situation with your household, I would ask you to consider my request with care.”
“What is the nature of this delicacy?”
Penny leaned forward and whispered in both Megwyn and Robert’s ears, “This is Claudius, my father.”
“Ah, I understand.  Penny, would this close association bring you discomfort or distress at all?”
“No, My Lady, I love my father dearly, we just haven’t spent much time together.”
“Claudius,” Megwyn began, “Do you see a problem being in the same household as your daughter as you serve the Earl and me?”
“No, My Lady, I would welcome the chance to get to know her better and perhaps make amends for my lack as her father in her early life.  I did not know how to deal with a half-Elf and sent her to my mother, realizing that her physical needs would be taken care of and I failed to understand how her human emotional needs would be such an issue.  If it is possible, I would like to learn about her, and become more of the father she deserves and needs.”
Robert paid careful attention to this conversation, looked at his countess before he replied.  “Claudius, if you can swear fealty to us, I will accept you into our service.  As the first of the one hundred, you will get the promised land and seed to sustain yourself for the year.  The service may be hard and you will need assistance to work that land before winter.  How say you?”
Claudius dropped to his left knee, “I am your liege man, Your Highness.”
At that, both Gawain and Gareth stood, Gawain managed to speak first.  “Good my sister and brother-in-marriage, is there a place in your service for kin?”
Robert nodded to Megwyn who answered, “There is room in our service for any true heart willing to serve.  We accept you both as captains of our guard, although we may spend the best part of the month figuring out who commands which unit.”  Megwyn and Robert were laughing by the end of this exchange.  “Now, let us enjoy the hospitality of both of Their Graces and know you that you have our thanks.”

Chapter 21 – Fugitive

It was dark, his horse was nearly spent, but Duke Paylor spurred the animal on with desperation.  When he had left the capital, he was only minutes ahead of the soldiers sent to arrest him.  ARREST HIM, a DUKE …” What idiocy was this that would make his sister-in-marriage sign an arrest warrant for her husband’s brother.  Well, between Rowena and Constance, they had concocted some scheme that they thought Richard would go along with and try to neutralize him.  
“Unless … unless one of those servants he had been paying lavish amounts of money had given them actual information that could be used to convict him.  Well, if one of them had dared to implicate him, there would be a special place in hell for him” and Paylor would take a very long time in dispatching the miscreant to his final reward.
His horse stumbled once, then let out a harsh cry and fell to the ground.  Paylor, like the expert horseman he was, leapt clear of the saddle and landed six feet from the dying horse.  “That is just like a horse, to abandon you when you need him most and leave a man with nothing to assist him in his work.”  Reaching into the scabbard on his right leg he removed a poniard and dispatched the horse with a single swipe of his dagger.  It would be hard to decide whether Paylor killed the horse to allay its suffering, or as punishment for collapsing at such an inopportune moment and inconveniencing the duke that way.
Well, there was nothing for it but to continue on foot until Paylor could obtain another mount.  There had to be some impoverished noble about from whom a horse and tack could be gotten.  Taking his cloak from the saddlebag, Paylor began walking along the road leading to Smithfield.  He realized that the sun would be coming up just as he arrived at the town and with luck he could conclude his horse-buying business before anyone from the Royal Constabulary arrived at the town.
-------------------------------------------------
The candles in the tent lent a soft glow to the end of a very long, but enjoyable evening.  As Robert and Megwyn walked through the tent entrance, followed closely by Roland and Penny they gave a collective sigh and Robert immediately sat down on a bench while Megwyn took the padded chair closest to herself.  For a brief few moments the couple simply sat, trying to relax a bit from the evening’s activities.
Robert finally concentrated on Roland and Penny, who were still standing awkwardly.  “OK, why haven’t you two sat down and why do you look like you have been stealing fresh bread from the kitchen?”
Roland and Penny looked at each other, trying to decide which one of them should explain their actions.  Finally Roland looked at Robert and started.  “Excellency, we don’t know how to act around high nobles.”
Robert tried hard not to be angry and to see this from his friend’s perspective.  “Roland, it was you who rolled around in the mud with me when we were children, it was you who fell defending me at the high road, not a mile from here, and it will be you who will be by my side as long as we both live.  Come, be my friend first, and, at least, when there are no others around, just let us be Robert and Roland.”
“Excellency, how?  Please know that my affection for you both has changed not at all and I will still die to save your life, or the life of your good lady wife.  When you were just a prince consort, I could ignore that, but an EARL!  Now, that can’t be avoided.  Even were I to roll around in the mud with you tonight, you would still be Earl Robert, and … well … different.”
Megwyn interrupted the men.  “My love and good my friend, we do need to come to some compromise here or we will have lost the best part of being with each other, over some issue of propriety.”  She smiled at them all. “For the moment, let us agree that Roland and Penny must do what we command, can we all agree with this?”
All three of them nodded at Megwyn, trying to understand what she was trying to get at.  “OK, my command is for you Roland and Penny to both sit here, right now.”  At her command, both Roland and Penny looked for something to sit down on and finally Penny sat on a chair and Roland used a chest to rest upon.
Megwyn smiled at them all.  “OK, here is my noble command.  When we are alone, with no pressing need for propriety, Roland and Penny are ordered to relax and just be the friends we have come to love and appreciate.  When others are about, if Robert and I invite you to sit, you are to sit and when your opinion is asked, we need to hear your thoughts.  If we are in court, and precedence dictates some deeper decorum, you Roland are commanded to stand behind Robert’s chair or behind him as he walks and Penny, you will hold the same position for me.  Whenever we ask you for your thoughts, you are to give them to us.  Remember, we need to know your thoughts and we value your opinions, so help us by doing this.  I must have you relaxed to work with you Penny and I need you relaxed in our presence to help me cope.  Can we all agree with this?
Robert smiled and nodded his head in agreement, looking over to Roland and Penny.  Penny caved in first and smiled at Megwyn as she spoke, “Agreed, my lady.”  Roland was having difficulty coming to terms with this arrangement until Penny turned to him, smiled, took his hand in hers and said, “You hard-headed giant.  This is your friend Robert, who would die for you and who you would die for, don’t let your stubborn ways destroy what Robert and Megwyn need simply to hold with some useless traditions.  Now, are you going to be as stubborn as you were about admitting that you love me in this situation as well?”
At Penny’s words Roland’s jaw dropped open nearly as much as Roberts.  Roland tried to stutter a few words but couldn’t find a way to bring his thoughts and lips into sync.  Robert rose and walked behind the table, “Where is that good sweet golden wine we had last night, my lady.  I do believe we need to celebrate here.”
Megwyn directed him to a chest behind the table and Robert poured four goblets of wine.  Handing one to each he listened as Megwyn began to question Penny.  “So, has he admitted he loves you Penny?”
“Yes Mistress, he has.”
“And, do you love him.”
“More than I could imagine one could love.  Evidently Half-Elves don’t get a Wife’s Peak, but as we have worked together, I realized that Roland represents everything I have ever wanted in a mate, and I couldn’t ask for a better one.”
Robert looked squarely at his squire, who, was visibly squirming in his seat.  And Roland, how say you to this?”
“Rob … er … Excellency, damn it all, Rob.  I am in love with Penny.  No woman I have ever met pleases me half as well, and never have I felt so warm, safe, and alive than sleeping by her side in this tent.  I realize that I am not worthy of her, and I have nothing to offer her as a husband, but … should I ever have the wherewithal to take a wife, ‘tis her I will take, if she will have me.”
Megwyn and Robert looked into each other’s eyes with amusement.  Robert turned to Roland.  “Squire Roland, will you accept the office of Chamberlain to the Earl of Highridge?  Know you that such an office comes with ownership of one-hundred-fifty acres of land and a salary of one-hundred-fifty Castreans a year.”
Megwyn looked at Penny as she spoke next, “Penelope, will you be my senior lady-in-waiting knowing that such an office comes with the salary of one-hundred Castreans a year?
Both Roland and Penny knelt at those statements.  Roland was first to recover, probably because he was more accustomed to human ways.  “Sire, I am your liege man for life, I vow that your enemies shall be my enemies, your friends shall be my friends, your command will I obey and your confidences shall I keep from today, until the end of my life.”
Penny looked up as Megwyn with wondering eyes.  “I know not words to say my lady.”
“Then tell me what is in your heart concerning this matter.”
“I shall be your lady-in-waiting, your companion for my life.  I swear my life in service to you.”
Megwyn smiled broadly.  “That should take care of it.  Rob, come stand with me a moment.”
Robert walked to Megwyn’s side, he held her hands and they looked into each other’s eyes for a few moments, then they spoke together.  “This do we hear, and shall never forget, to be your liege, to protect you, to defend you, and to hold your honor as our own, and to hold your life as worth more than our own.  Now rise and assume your duties.”
There was much good-natured smiling and embarrassment as the four friends talked, but then Robert cleared his throat and looked at Megwyn.  “My lady Countess, did I not hear a marriage proposal in this tent a few minutes ago?”
Megwyn’s face broke into a broad grin.  “Aye my lord Earl, I do believe so.”  Looking at Roland with intensity Megwyn asked, “so, are you going to complete this little ceremony, or shall I complain to my lord that his chamberlain is foresworn?”
Roland began to stutter, “well, I will, when I have the wherewithal to do so.”
Robert interjected, “just exactly how much money and land do you think it takes to support a wife and family?  I would think that holding one-hundred-fifty acres and having an additional income of one-hundred-fifty Castreans should take care of one wife and family.  Do you not agree, Chamberlain Roland?”
Megwyn and Penny were exchanged amused glances as Roland squirmed in front of his lord.  They both knew that Roland was an honorable man and he simply was unaccustomed to being a wealthy land owner.
Roland turned to Penny, dropped to his left knee and took her hands in his. “Penelope can Claudius, will you do me the most exquisite honor to accept my offer of marriage?”
Penny looked at her lover for a few moments.  “Roland, are you doing this because you think it is the proper thing to do, or are you doing this because you love me and want to spend a lifetime with me?  Before you answer, know you that I will share your bed, and bear your children without any marriage.”
Tears were falling from Roland’s eyes as he looked into his lady’s eyes.  “Sweet my love, had there been any doubt about why I want to marry you, you provided the answer just now.  I would not marry you to meet some convention, nor to do what is expected of us, but … if you love me that much then for the sake of the love we both feel for each other, I want to marry you.”
Tears of joy rolled down Penny’s cheeks as she looked into Roland’s eyes and said, “Yes, yes I will marry you.”
Watching Roland and Penny hug each other caused Robert and Megwyn to be very aware of the joys of love and they were holding each other closely.  Finally Robert said, “Penny, bring your father around in the morning and he and I can post the banns.  I see we will get no further planning done tonight, to bed with you both and congratulations from my lady and me.”
Chapter 22 – Loving

It was quiet in the tent.  Megwyn was the aware of the sleeping form of her husband on the pallet next to her.  Her mind drifted back to a slightly earlier moment this evening.  Her lips curled into a smile as she replayed the scene vividly in her mind.
That event started simply.  As Megwyn walked with Robert, she reveled in the feel of Rob’s hand in hers.  Feeling the roughness of his skin, the callouses that years of fighting had placed there.  She loved the knowledge that those hands, so roughened and calloused would protect her, and as she well knew, would tease and satisfy her.  Walking to their sleeping section, in the tent, Megwyn dismissed Penny with a small movement of her hand and the women shared a secret look with each other as each thought of the possibilities the night held for her.
Robert helped her undress, first loosening the lacing on her dress and then helping her to loosen the rich fabric from her body.  She knew that memories of that body floated through Rob’s mind, memories of her soft skin, the curve of her hips, the wonderful heft of her breasts and he moved his hands up to those breasts, cupping one in each of his hands gently squeezing them as his thumbs moved to tickle her nipples, feeling their welcome response to his ministrations.
A throaty moan escaped from Megwyn as her body responded to Rob’s touch.  Robert reveling in the response he elicited from his wife and pinched her nipples harder, producing louder and deeper moans from Megwyn.  Robert began to rub his body against his lady providing more stimuli to their coupling.
Robert pulled Megwyn’s hair, bringing her face up, facing the ceiling of the tent.  “Have you ever been ravished by an earl, beautiful wife?”  
Barely able to manage coherent thought, Megwyn throatily answered a simple “no” as she reached for his evident arousal, hoping to tease him as well.
Robert laughed as his fingers continued to intensify the teasing of his wife’s breasts, and in particular, her nipples.  “There is a very pleasant advantage to making love to the same woman over and over” Rob thought, “you get to learn her body and have insight into exactly what pleases her.”  At that thought Robert pinched both of her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers pulling them painfully and causing Megwyn to shudder and moan loudly.
 Reaching down to the skirt of her velvet dress Rob pulled the fabric up to her waist.  The feel of that velvet awakened more memories of his lady’s flesh and the pleasures found there. Rob smiled as he allowed his hands to caress her flesh, starting at her knees and moving ever so slowly up her thighs. About half way up to that wonderful place where the source of pleasure resides, Rob encountered the evidence of Megwyn’s excitement.  “Goddess, how I adore this complex woman who enjoys so much of life.”  
Megwyn found herself sinking into the sensations her husband was eliciting.  Her base animal instincts taking over as she sank deeper into the world of sex that Rob directed her to.  Without conscious thought she spread her legs wider for him, providing easier access to her womanhood and Rob took full advantage of the access provided to him.
The fingers of Rob’s right hand entered Megwyn, from underneath, as his left hand moved to spread her lips open and his left index finger began playing a tattoo on her clit.  Megwyn’s moans sharply turned into a gasp as Rob began to tap her clit, HARD, then rubbing ever so softly, changing the rhythm of his finger to tease and tantalize his wife.  
Megwyn dropped her head down below her shoulders, her hands supporting her on the footboard of their bed as she allowed the raw sexuality of their current play to take control of her mind and soul.  Sinking into the sensations of the moment as Rob’s fingers drew pleasure from her body, while his evident arousal pressing against her, reminding her body of what still awaited it.
Rob continued to play with his wife until her breathing became ragged and then, the combination of her writhing and her harsh moans indicated that her release had been achieved.  Then, as her orgasm was in full sway he entered her from behind.  His first thrust drew an additional moan from his lover as she surrendered to him.  Working hard to choreograph the movements of his body to the waves of pleasure his wife was experiencing Rob became like a bow, working the strings of a violin, creating more pleasure together, than either one could possibly produce independently.
Using all his control Rob was able to hold off his own release until he felt and heard Megwyn’s next orgasm and then, knowing that the timing was right, he thrust hard into her, pulling back on her hips to ram her hard onto him as his release entered her, both of the lovers vocally acknowledging the union they were perpetrating.
They continued to move together for several moments after their joint orgasm, their bodies not willing to accept the conclusion of the act they were engaged in, their souls joined more than their bodies as they danced that age-old dance of love.
Now, as Robert slept peacefully at her side, Megwyn felt the first stirrings of another life.  It had happened … she knew it … part of her heightened powers as a healer and a sorceress gave her the message before any physical sign was possible.  She would wait to tell her lover and lord that they were about to expand their family.  Yes, that would be best, wait until her courses were missed at least once and confirm what she already knew, that they were having a child.
A gentle knock at the tent-pole to which the canvas door tied, providing them the mediocre privacy available got Megwyn’s attention and she whispered, “Yes” to the person knocking.  At that monosyllable, the canvas door opened a slit and Penny’s head poked into the tent.
“Are you two OK?”
Not wanting to waken her husband, Megwyn motioned Penny back, kissed her love on his forehead, pushed the covers off of herself, and seeking her cloak, walked out into the main room of the pavilion.  As she entered, Penny had a concerned look on her face that became a large grin, as Megwyn walked towards her.  “Oh no, was all that noise, love-making?”
“Oh yes, all that noise was love making, and you should be happy that I was trying to hold back some of my screams and not alert the entire camp to the fact that Princes and Princesses do enjoy their bodies.”
Showing evident embarrassment, Penny tried to speak, coherently.  “Oh Mistress, I am so, so very sorry.  Your entire guard is on alert outside your tent.  They are all there, a hundred Elvin rangers who can’t decide whether to storm into the tent to rescue you or not, however; since the exact nature of the … rather loud noises was not easy to ascertain … they sent your apprentice in to see if the services of a healer were needed.”  During this dissertation, Penny started to laugh.  Penny’s laughter started Megwyn laughing and both women sat down on chairs as paroxysm of laughter filled the pavilion.
Finally the helmeted head of Vidas, Megwyn’s captain of guards entered the doorway, his face a mixture of concern and chagrin as he faced the two women.  “Should I stand the guard down then, Your Grace?”
Megwyn fought to control her laughter long enough to say, “yes, please … and give my apologies to the guard … there was never a problem … it was … it was ….”
“Just sex,” Penny was able to add to the conversation.
“Oh, sorry, we didn’t know … so … so … very sorry Your Grace.  I will stand down the guard now,” Vidas was visibly embarrasses by the turn of the conversation.
Megwyn walked over to a small chest on the table and removed two gold sovereigns from it that she handed to Vidas.  “Please use these to get the guard some refreshment from Robert and me.  You had no way to know what was happening and the concern and efforts of your guards are worthy of some comfort as the reason for their distress was caused by my husband and myself.”
With evident embarrassment, Vidas left to have most of the guard return to their own tents and leaving the four remaining guards with instructions that sounds of pleasure were not to be misconstrued as a problem.  The realization of what had happened had all the guards smiling and those smiles broadened when they saw the sovereigns and realized their Lord and Lady had provided them all with drink, meat, and bread for several days.  With a joyous cry of “vivant” the guardsmen left the pavilion area.
Sitting back down Penny and Megwyn spent a moment gathering their thoughts before Penny took the plunge.
“Whatever you two were doing, would you teach me so I can show Roland?  I have no idea how a lover can bring that level of pleasure to a woman, but I want to know.  I wish my mother had lived longer as her talents were supposed to be sublime and I could have learned much from her.  But, to simply learn what you taught Robert to allow him to bring you both so much pleasure THAT would be a wonderful lesson to learn.”
“Penny, that is not part of the education a Sorceress normally provides to her student, however; as your friend I would simply tell you that the longer you are with your lover, and the more open you are to him concerning those things that bring you pleasure, the more the possibility of what Robert and I did tonight occurs.  No, I won’t tell you exactly what we did, but I will tell you that he and I have learned to work together beautifully, and that the pleasure we can share is a factor of that openness we have built.”
“I am amazed.  I remember my father mentioning his devotion and appreciation for my mother, and I suppose that some of their abilities were simply a factor of the time they spent together.  I am so happy for you Megwyn; you have such a glow about you right now that I envy you.”
“Penny, it is I who am amazed.  I had no idea what love was truly like.  Don’t get me wrong, sex, in all its varied forms is wonderful, but to match love with that sex, oh my, that changes everything.”
Penny poured them both a measure of the sweet wine, still sitting at the table.  Giving one of the goblets to Megwyn, Penny sat down again and the women shared a smile and began to speak.  “I am in love with Roland, so very much in love, but what I have with him pales compared to what I see with you and Robert.  Am I not in love?  Have I misconstrued some lesser emotion for real love and am destined to heartbreak?”
“No Penny, you are not mistaken; at least all the evidence I see indicates that you and Roland are in love.  What Robert and I have is a bonding, a blessed joining of two people that rarely happens.  That is the reason that human bards write poetry and songs about this kind of union, why it is such a dream for most people.  It is not a common thing.  Don’t second guess your relationship with Roland thinking that what Rob and I have is different.  It is only different in that we both share our minds and the sensations of our bodies with each other.  I KNOW what he wants and he KNOWS what I want.  You and Roland can have this, you just have to work harder than Rob and I do to accomplish it.”
The relief on Penny’s face was quite evident.  “Thank you, Megwyn, to think that one night I can scream like you did tonight, knowing that my lover has touched me completely and that I am, more than I could ever have thought possible satisfied … that would be wonderful.”
Well, the more you two share about your inner selves, and the more time you spend making love and talking with each other, the better the chances that will happen for you.”
With that, the women parted and Megwyn returned to her sleeping husband.  Standing at the side of the bed she looked longingly at her love whispering, “Dearest love, I hope that you are as happy about the new life I am carrying as I am.  You can’t hear me, but thank you so very much for the insight into love you have given me.  Thank you for being the man you are and for letting me discover all the things life can offer a woman.”
Placing her goblet on the table next to the bed, she removed her cloak, allowing it to fall to the floor and entered the covers, letting her body slide against Robert, who mumbled at her contact, and snuggled closer to her.  Contented, Megwyn turned her head, and composed herself for sleep.
 
Chapter 23 – Building

Their arrival in Westport was more adversarial than Robert and Megwyn had wished.  Initially, Baron Chandress, the castellan of the citadel and reeve for the shire was a confirmed member of the purist party and had secured the city gates against the new Earl and his Countess.  The efforts of Robert’s herald, Torquin, were in vain and the leadership of the party found themselves sitting in Robert and Megwyn’s tent that first evening.
Westport sat on a low rise with the ocean to its west side.  Its walls, about twenty feet high covered three sides of the city with thirty foot towers at fifty foot intervals along the circumferences.  There were three gates at the city; one on each of the three landward walls (south, east, and north) and each of those gates were covered by two square towers flanking the stout iron-bound wooden gates.  On the west side, there was a wooden wall that covered the beach for about forty feet from the last tower to the low-tide mark.  Although the seaward side had the weakest man-made defense, it was not easy to attack across sand, and especially wet sand.
Sitting at the conference were Robert, Megwyn, Roland, Penny, Claudius, Vidas, Alahandro, Gawain, and Gareth.   Robert opened the meeting, “OK, we have about one-hundred-fifty men here, a hundred of them Elvin archers, quite capable of clearing the city walls and fifty members of the order who can easily capture the gate in a quick assault, but; I don’t wish to start my tenure as the new earl by attacking my own home, nor do I wish to become bogged down in a prolonged siege, so I am opening this discussion up for suggestions.”
“Robert, you have just dismissed the two most obvious military tactics, so that leaves us with only three options, stealth attack, negotiations, or magic.”  Roland’s analysis was quite succinct and sobering.
“I tried negotiations today and I won’t insult my herald again by asking him to reoffer Chandress another chance to commit treason, and to insult me.”  Robert let his eyes move from person to person in his council as he spoke.  “And I want this over quickly.  The more time people have to consider that I am weak and unable to impose my will on my own earldom, the harder this is going to be.”
“I may have the answer, husband, if you want to use magic.”
“I will use any weapon in our arsenal, my lady.  What do you propose?”
“Well, there are several spells that would offer egress into the town.  I assume that you want the damage limited so that repairs would not be difficult or expensive,” Megwyn smiled at her husband and fluttered her eyes a bit for his benefit, eliciting his first smile of the day.  “I also believe that some obvious display of power would help cement our takeover of the city and help solidify our rule, so … I can blow the sally port off the main gate with a simple spell.”
“How close do you need to get to the gate, to affect your spell?
“I will need to get within fifty feet of it, and a little closer, if I can.”
“That will expose you, my wife, to more danger than I can accept.”
“I will approach using a cloaking spell that, in the darkness should make me completely invisible to the defenders.  After I cast the spell, I will fall to the ground and throw a shield spell over myself, how long will I have to be there alone before the others get to the gate?
“Alahandro, how long will it take your men to get to the gate to cover Megwyn?”
“Your Excellency, I should be there in about one minute.”
“When you get to her, detail five of your men to cover Megwyn and stay with she and I all night.  And, everyone, forget that Excellency stuff while we are in these meetings, I need your input, not empty words.”
Vidas interjected, “Robert, it is the duty of my guard to … we’ll guard you guys.  I will detail ten rangers to cover you both.  Their enhanced eyesight and bows will do more to cover you two than anyone else, also, I think we should ride up to Megwyn and get to her in about twenty seconds instead of a minute.”
“Good idea Vidas, all of us will stay mounted until we get to the gate, then I want the knights and sergeants to remain mounted and the first rangers in the gate to open it wide, so we can charge into the city.  The rangers should move along the walls to secure them, there shouldn’t be more than twenty or twenty-five men on guard late at night.”
“Yes, and with archers flanking the gate to reduce interference from Childress’s soldiers, the knights and sergeants of Filias should be able to rush the city and secure it.  As soon as the gate is secured, the rangers can move along the walls and take possession of everything except the citadel before morning.”
Plans were quickly formalized for tonight’s assault.  The defense of a city, or castle was predicated on holding the walls and keeping the enemy on the outside so that a small number of soldiers could defend a rather extensive wall system.  Any breach in those walls, would result in the quick capitulation of the outer walls and reduce the defenders to holding the citadel, at the top of a high hill within Westport.  Any defender knew that his chances for survival were simply a factor of holding out until a relief force arrived, but; if there were no relief force, then there is no real reason to hold out and most garrisons would sue for terms to try to save their lives.
“OK, this is as good a plan as I can imagine.  We will begin the assault two marks after moon fall.  I want it dark.  I want to stress that I don’t want heroics tonight, what I want is the city taken with as little loss of life as we can accomplish.  I doubt that most of the people really want to be in rebellion and I want them alive and productive tomorrow, so, be careful … BUT … I don’t want to lose any of you or your troops either, so, remain in groups no smaller than five and everyone, cover each other’s back.
Robert continued, “Now, it is very important to me that you, Megwyn, take every care you can.  I want you to stay behind me and the order’s screen as we enter the town.  I know you want to be an active participant in this action, but I need my countess alive and you are the best healer we have.  Also, Penny, you will set up the aid station behind that copse of trees about a thousand feet beyond the gate.  Roland, you and ten rangers and five sergeants will guard that aid station at all costs.  I don’t want any surprises tonight.”
The look on Roland’s face was a mask of conflicting emotions.  On one hand, he wanted to protect his lady and any wounded that might end up at the aid station, but; on the other hand, he and Robert had been together in so many skirmishes and battles that it would feel so odd to not be at Robert’s side for this battle.
“My friend, I know how you feel, but I need a commander who knows what he is doing as well has having enough influence to command should anything happen to me tonight, so … for all of our sakes, you need to be behind the lines tonight.”
“If anything happens to me, Megwyn is in command and if she and I both should be knocked out, then Gawain will be in command of the assault team.  Remember, the object of this action is to capture my see with the least loss of life on all sides as is humanly, and Elvinly possible.”  That last was said with a slight grin and Robert hoped that he had found the right mix of optimism, confidence, and combat information to give his command what it needed to make this night a success.
“Last thing, if this all goes to the dogs, a red rocket will be fired into the air.  If that rocket is seen, get out of the city and regroup at the aid station.  I don’t expect this to happen, but I want you guys alive and capable of finding another answer, should this one I have decided upon fails.  Any questions?”
It took the command about two hours to get into position at that bend in the road and behind two low hills that flanked the city to right and left of the main gate.  The moon was down and a sea breeze helped to mask any sounds they made.
Then it was the nerve-wracking time as they waited for the signal to begin the assault.  Robert, in particular was nervous as Megwyn was now standing, about thirty-five or forty feet in front of the south gate of Westport, protected only by the cloaking spell she was using and he knew that when she burst the sally-port gate in, her presence would be visible and the sound of that gate being blown in would certainly be heard on the walls.  “Goddess, protect her, she is the world to me and losing her would destroy my heart.”  Praying over, Robert sat on his horse, with the order contingent.  Now, as soon as she burst a way into the city, he would ride like the wind.

Chapter 24 – The Battle of Westport, Part I

Sitting astride his horse Robert remembered that the waiting is always the hardest part of any fight.  While you are fighting, you are so involved that you really don’t have time to think.  You quickly evaluate a situation, and react to it, either blocking, thrusting, or slashing and it isn’t until it is over that you can even coherently understand what you did.  That is much easier than simply sitting on your horse, and waiting.  But, when you are sitting on your horse, wearing your armor, there is nothing to do but think about what might happen … what might happen.
The night smells were familiar to him.  The smell of horses, the smell of horse shit, the smell of men, especially the smell of fear.  There is always fear before a battle, no matter how many of them you face, each of them brings you fear before they start.  It is not that heroes don’t experience fear; it is that they learn to conquer it and fight anyway.  That is a lesson early learned by a warrior.
There was also the heavy feel of his armor, although, since his marriage to Megwyn, Robert had acquired a suit of Elvin Mail.  This armor was much lighter and stronger than the armor he had worn in the past, however; a full suit of chain-mail armor, even Elvin mail pressed heavily down on a man’s shoulders and, when he took time to think about it, made him feel slow and clumsy.  To help calm himself, and his horse, he patted her neck three times, a habit he had acquired long ago that seemed to make horses settle down.
To make this waiting even worse, standing in the middle of the road, in plain sight, was the woman he loved, waiting for the right moment to burst open the sally-port on the south gate of Westport, and then remaining in that spot, alone, for at least twenty seconds until her supporting rangers could get to her.  Robert’s years on battlefields gave him an incredible insight into just what could happen in twenty seconds, just how many Elvin Princesses could be killed within that short amount of time ….
----------
Standing in the middle of the road, in front of that gate gave Megwyn a whole new appreciation for the concept of “alone.”  She was standing about thirty-five feet in front of the gate, well within the range of her spell.  The spell itself was simple; the physical components were simply wind and wood, and not much of either.  Clasped in her right hand was a sliver of wood Megwyn had taken from a log near a campfire and her breath would suffice for the wind she needed.
Being so close to Westport gave Megwyn an insight into the odors emanating from a human city.  The most noticeable of these was the smell of human waste that permeated the air.  “The first law we are going to pass is for sewage removal and to regulate how the stuff is collected.  I bet those people still throw their night soil out the windows into the streets and hope for a rain to clean it off.  THAT will change very soon.  How can humans be so filthy and fail to understand the requirements for cleanliness, if they are going to live so close together?”
Standing there, with her cloaking spell disrupting anyone’s view of her was nerve-wracking.  “I hope the cloaking spell is working well enough.  Well, if it isn’t, then in a few seconds an arrow or quarrel will enter my body and I will learn the limitations of the cloaking spell.  Why did I sound so sure when telling Rob about how I could do this?  Why don’t I just leave the fighting to the men and let them get cut in half during combat instead of wanting to prove that I am the equal of any of them and am rightfully a countess.”  That last brought a smile to her face; this need had always been her downfall, wanting to be accepted for who she was inside, not for her position as a princess.
A small voice whispered in her head, “It is time Megwyn.”  Taking a long breath and bringing her right hand, with the wood in it, up to her face she blew on it while speaking the final word of the spell.  All the rest of the spell had already been said so simply saying “Ignis” caused the sliver of wood to leave her hand, at very high speed and head in the direction she was looking.  Her eyes were held on the sally-port of the south gate and within a heartbeat there was a tremendous sound, like the loudest clap of thunder ever heard and the entire gate of the city was blown inward.  Not just the doors themselves, but the entire gate.  For a couple of seconds Megwyn forgot to fall to the ground, or to invoke her shield spell, she simply stared dumbfounded at the results of her spell.
Finally, self-preservation set in and she flung herself to the ground and invoked her magical shield to protect herself from arrows and quarrels from the city.  Of course, she wasn’t all that visible to the people in Westport, even if any of them were looking down the road, which they weren’t.  Even those people close enough to the gate to possibly look outward to see the Elf were staring at the gate doors, lying against the Newscomb store, having blown the toll-booth in front of the gate away as the panels flew back into the city.
As soon as the sound of the gate being blown in occurred, Gareth and Gawain moved their men quickly out of the two low-swales that flanked the gate, and towards the south gate.  Gareth reached Megwyn first and detailed ten rangers to become her guard and the remaining rangers spread out to cover the south wall, every one of them searching for soldiers on the walls that they needed to strike down so they could eventually take the walls.
Within moments Robert and his mounted Knights and warriors thundered past and entered the city.  As soon as they did, the rangers ran through the gate and spread left and right to take control of the walls, while the mounted men rode to the town center to take possession of it.
As Rob rode past, Megwyn rose up and called his name, but in all the noise being created by the horses, and the breathing of the men, Robert didn’t hear her.  “Goddess, protect him, I beg you.  Keep my love safe.”  Megwyn felt more fear in her heart for Rob than she had ever had for herself knowing that just twenty-five mounted warriors were going to try to secure the center of the city, with its Royal Custom house, and the all-important treasury.
Megwyn looked at her ranger escort while telling them, “Are you going to let them do this alone?  Follow me.”  At that she raced into the main thoroughfare and at a fast lope, began following the mounted party into the city.
_____
Rob’s mounted troops quickly ran to the center of the city.  The total lack of any opposition, as welcome as that was for Robert, left him confused.  There should have been some defense of the city, even with the walls breached, but as long as Rob could take control of the Royal Customs house in the center of the city, the rangers should be able to clear the walls and that will give him control of the entire city except the citadel.
_____
Megwyn’s escort quickly retrieved their horses, along with one for her and she joined in the race for the town center.  That would add an additional ten fighters to the fight to regain the town center and might just give Rob the edge he needs to win and to keep him safe.  “Goddess, keep him safe.”  Megwyn found herself much more afraid for her husband than she was for herself or her unborn child.  “At least keep him alive long enough to find out he is a father.”
____
Rob noticed the rangers scrambling along the outer walls as his troops moved to the town center.  Luckily, there were no non-combatants getting in the way.  More civilians were killed by simply being about in the streets and accidentally getting killed by simply being in the way.  So, if they weren’t finding any opponents, at least they weren’t killing innocents as they moved through the town.  Quickly enough his small band reached the Royal Customs house and he dismounted, striding towards the closed doors.
Two of his soldiers kicked in the door before Robert could get there.  There was a dim light from a banked fireplace providing some illumination that proved that the room was indeed deserted.  Rob walked smartly into the port governor’s office, to find it also empty.  The books appeared to be properly stacked in the shelves, and the strong-room was locked.  The office simply looked as if the governor had closed up last evening and expected to begin operations again in the morning.
Walking out of the office, Robert found Sir Alahandro waiting for him.  
“Sire, The building is secure, as is the town square.  There has been no sign of opposition at any point and we now hold all but two of the towers around the town and we expect to hold those just as soon as some rangers can run along the walls to them.  It would appear that the former governor and his garrison have taken themselves to the citadel and expect to hold out there against us.”
“I have to agree, that certainly seems to be what happened.  All of our stealthy planning and execution was for naught as they weren’t even trying to hold the city against us.  Well, I won’t complain if we take the city without bloodshed.  With any luck we can parley them out of the citadel in the morning and be done with this in a single day.”
About that time Megwyn strode into the custom’s house and hugged her husband.  “It is funny to be hugged by someone else wearing armor, you know my love,” was Rob’s first words to her.
“I was more worried about finding you lying in a pool of your own blood and wondering if I would bring you back from the brink of death a second time, or if that would be stretching the Goddesses gifts to thinly.”
“It would appear that there is nothing to do now except set up our headquarters here in the customs house and find out if this was really a bloodless takeover.  Oh, Alahandro, send someone to the stand of trees and bring those who were awaiting our wounded to the custom’s house.”
“Yes Sire, I will see to it.”

Chapter 25 The Battle of Westport Part II
The first thing Robert realized, as he awoke was the wonderful lavender smell of Megwyn’s hair.  His face was buried in the back of her neck and her very long hair was enveloping his head.  He realized that this was a very pleasant position to be in, and lying next to a beautiful woman, who you happened to be in love with, was a very pleasant place to be.  He also wondered if it would be possible to make love to his lady wife before the cares of the day interrupted him.
The knocking that began at the door of their impromptu bedroom convinced Robert that, No, it would NOT be possible to make love to Megwyn before the duties of the Earl would press themselves upon the Earl.  “Yes.”
“My Lord, are you awake?”
“If I am not, just who do you think is talking to you through the door?” Robert countered somewhat testily.  “Come in and talk to me face to face.  NO!  Give us a moment and I will tell you when you may enter.”  “Better make certain Megwyn is decent before I have the servants in the room.”  Rob started to try to extricate himself without waking Megwyn, while covering her up, but he failed abysmally.
“Rob, let me get up and make myself presentable, please.  I don’t need you to try to hide me; I am a woman, not a piece of art you know.”  Megwyn’s criticism was softened by her quick kiss on Rob’s cheek and the touch of her left hand upon his cheek as she gazed into his eyes.  “When we have this city situation stabilized, and have made someplace our new home, promise me a royal fucking, OK?”
“If you want a quick one now, I can send whoever this is away and I will give you a Royal Quickie right now.”
The image brought a smile to Megwyn’s face and another kiss to her husband.  “No my prince, I want ALL of you, for a very long time when we do this … or … well … maybe, if we have some time when I know we don’t have to do something right away and if you don’t mind a wife who hasn’t bathed in three days YES.”  Megwyn smiled at Robert again.  “Now, go find out what trouble we have to deal with, at … what according to that candle it is only six marks of the day.  Why do things always have to start so early, during war?”
Robert got out of bed, washed his mouth out with some of the wine from last night and looked around at the governor’s office that he and Megwyn had taken as their chamber last night.  It was the largest office in the custom’s house that had its own door and seemed like a good place for a chamber, even if the only bedding they had was their sleeping pallets from their field gear and a couple of blankets.  It had been warm and dry after all.
Walking past the large wooden desk, Robert opened the door to find Roland waiting for him.  “Sorry to disturb you both, My Lord, but there are some problems and the Master Minstrel is here requesting an audience.”
“Master Minstrel?”
“Yes, one Callas, by name.  He says it is very important and that you need to know what he knows as soon as possible.”
“Then, pray bring him here and let us talk with Master Callas without delay. And … Bring us some mulled wine to start the day, can you, Roland?”  “This is going to be a bitch of a day if I can’t even get a morning drink before it starts.”
Megwyn sat on a chair next to the fireplace and Rob took the one next to her.  They exchanged glances as they tried to guess what the bard had in mind that had to be discussed at dawn on their first day in Westport.  Soon the door opened and a rather young and not very imposing man walked into the office.  He bowed to Robert and to Megwyn.  “My Lord and Lady, I wish we could have met under more positive circumstances, however; what news I have you should hear as quickly as possible.”
As soon as Callas began to speak, Robert and Megwyn understood the charisma and magnetism that made Callas a Master Minstral.  His rich baritone was arresting enough, but his manner, his bearing, as he started to tell his tale gave proof to his status as a Master Minstrel.  Although he was not speaking for entertainment this morn, his method of delivery left no doubt of his talent as a storyteller.
“Yesterday the Royal Governor and chatelaine, Baron Chandress read a proclamation from “King Paylor” declaring Chandress to be the new Earl of Westport.  The proclamation noted that there was a pretender, one Richard, who called himself King of Castrea, but who was sitting on the throne of Paylor.”
The incredulous look on the faces of both Robert and Megwyn who first looked intently at each other, and then faced Callas gave proof of the difficulty they both had in accepting the declaration by Paylor.  Robert was the first to speak, “So Paylor openly declares himself in rebellion, and Chandrfess has joined him in this rebellion?”
“Yes, My Lord.  But that is not the worst part of our immediate problem.  The governor announced that the true king was soon arriving in Westport and that the town would prepare to receive him.”
“When do you expect Paylor to arrive?”
“I know not for certain, but given the needs of a rebellion, I would expect him to be here today or tomorrow at the latest.  But that is not the most difficult problem.  You see, William took custody of twenty of the children of the leading families of the city.  Rich merchants, Guild Masters, and the like, those twenty children are being held in the citadel with him right now and are a powerful incentive for inaction by the citizenry.”
“Where does this leave you in this situation, good Minstrel?”
At that question, Callas fell to his knees in front of Robert; placing his hands in Robert’s lap he immediately began his oath.  “Here do I, Callas swear fealty to do homage to Earl Robert.  To be his liegeman in all things, your friends shall be my friends; your enemies shall be mine, as long as I have breath.”
Robert quickly recaptured his aplomb and as Megwyn walked to his side to add her hands to his replied.  “This do I hear and I accept you as my liegeman.  Your family and your honor will I always protect.”
After they had rearranged themselves from the impromptu fealty swearing Robert continued, “Master Minstrel, do you believe that the citizens will support William in his rebellion, or will they rally to my banner and the will of the King?”
“Most of them will happily and willingly swear for you, the ones whose children are being held will be reluctant, but they will not support William, who after all took their children hostage, but they will want to remain in the background, to hope to extract their children alive.”
Robert looked up to his squire, “Roland, bring me Sir Alahandro, Gareth, Gawain, and your lady Penny, and send out runners to bring the leading citizens of the town as well as all the Masters of guilds here for a meeting in one hour.  I want to see Alahandro, Gareth, Gawain, and Penny NOW.”
Roland’s eyes opened wide as he nodded acceptance of his tasks and left the room.
“Master Callas, you are now my representative on the town council.  I need you to give me a synopsis of the leading citizens and who you think I can trust enough to begin to run this city.  Also, can I depend on the townsmen to defend the walls in the event Paylor shows up?
“Except for those whose children are being held, I believe the town will support you.  Master Smith will be the most difficult of the guild masters to get on your side, his daughter, Cynthia is being held and as his only child, she holds a very special place in his heart.  When you can free the children, the city will be enthusiastically yours.  William was not the most pleasant man, even before the troubles started and it has long been rumored that he has skimmed a lot of the tax money collected into his own, or perhaps Paylor’s pockets.
“Do you have a child in custody as well?”
“I do hope that the Earl has an open mind, but I shall always be truthful with you.  My partner, John and I could not have children.  If my … ah … lifestyle makes me unacceptable to you as your representative, or if you find my company unacceptable, I do understand.”
Megwyn spoke before Robert could quite phrase his reply.  “Callas, we care not who you love, only that you love.  If you were to pretend to be something you are not, then how could we accept your word on any other matter?  No, I speak for us both.  There are those who believe the love we share is an abomination, and William, in yon citadel is probably amongst those, but we both understand that it is the ability to love, the ability to stand for what you believe in that is the true measure of a person.”
“My lady wife speaks more eloquently than I am able.  It is you we have accepted and will defend and not your ability to live up to someone else’s expectations.”
Callas visibly breathed a sigh of relief.  “John and I have had to be very circumspect for years, it has become a habit with us I am afraid.  I take it then that I could be seen in your court with John by my side?”
Two voices spoke the single word, “Yes.”
Penny was the first of the arrivals to walk in at that moment. She took in the intense scene in the temporary chamber, curtsied to the Earl and Megwyn and took the chair that Megwyn pointed to.  “We have a problem?” she asked.
“Give us a few minutes so we can say this once and try to get as many inputs as possible to allow us to solve our problem.”  Megwyn passed Penny a goblet of mulled wine as she spoke with her apprentice and friend.
In quick succession some barely awake members of the Robert and Megwyn’s inner circle arrived.  First Roland returned to the room and then Gawain and Gareth arrived together with Alahandro being the last of the summoned to arrive.
Robert rose to address his council.  “Here is the situation.  Paylor is now in open rebellion against King Richard and is on his way to Westport to begin his pursuit of the throne.”  The group began to speak, but Robert raised his hand for attention.  “Hold my friends, let me give you the entire situation and then I need your best advice.  Additionally, the former governor, William, is hold up in the citadel holding twenty of the children of Westport’s leading citizens as hostage.  Undoubtedly, his strategy is to delay us, hold the citadel for Paylor, and give Paylor a better chance to take the city from us before we can solidify our hold on it.  As I see it our problems are, in no particular order; Recover the children while recovering the citadel, restore some defense to the South Gate so we can prevent Paylor from gaining admittance, find Paylor and track his approach to Westport, and get word to King Richard that his brother is in rebellion.  Have I missed anything, My Lady?”  This last was said facing Megwyn to insure that they weren’t missing any key element of the problem.
“No Robert, that pretty much sums it up.”
“OK, I am open to suggestions for accomplishing the tasks.”
Chapter 26 The Battle of Westport Part III

Roland was the first to speak.  “It is imperative that someone who can ride swiftly go to King Richard immediately.  First of all, the king needs to prepare for this action by Paylor and secondly, if we need reinforcements, only he can provide those.”
“Who would you suggest?” Robert asked.
“I would suggest that one of the Rangers ride.  They are lighter than us and are capable of moving swiftly to Templeton.”
Robert thought about this for a couple of minutes and then demurred.  “I agree on both counts, however; the chances that someone would kill our messenger on his way in are too great.  No, this must be someone whose position will insure that he is unmolested and who can gain access to the king quickly.  No, it should be you, my friend.  As much as I want you at my side in a fight, I need someone in the livery of the Brotherhood to ride and that someone must be known to the King and his staff.  You are the only one, aside from me, or Alahandro who fits the criteria, and I have another task for Alahandro.  So, get ready, choose the fastest mount you can, and ride to Templeton.  I will give you a coded message that Master Bertrand can decode and have you on your way within the hour.  Travel light, but not foolishly, my friend.”
That last was said with sadness and the look that Robert gave his friend and squire left no doubt that sending him away just before a fight was not a pleasant decision, simply the best decision Robert could make at the time.  “OK, Next, Paylor.”
“Several teams of two or three rangers can find Paylor and his army quickly.” Gawain began.  “They should fan out like the fingers of your hand in the directions most likely to find Paylor.  Our ability to move swiftly and remain undetected in woods is our greatest asset and gives us the best chance to find the wayward duke.  When he is found, one of the rangers will ride back here to let us know what has been found, while the other two maintain contact.  If they can’t find Paylor in three days, let them return and we can try another search pattern.”
“I agree in principal.”  Robert replied, “But I would like to have the search go in all possible directions, if it takes ten teams of three rangers to cover the entire circuit, I would rather do that than to have Paylor ride up undetected, just because he chose a direction we did not consider.  I just wish there was a way to recall all the rangers not in contact when we have found Paylor.”
“There is my husband.”  Megwyn’s smile helped to alleviate some of the evident stress Robert was under.  When the ranger arrives here we will send a lightning bolt into the sky.  Such a spell is costly, but not prohibitively so and the return of some thirty rangers is well worth the expenditure of energy.”
Robert smiled at the news.  “Wonderful.  So, Gawain, I leave you to you to assign rangers to this task and coordinate with your sister about that lightning bolt signal.  How many do you believe it will take to cover the approaches?”
“I will send nine teams of three out, that will cover every road that an army can move on, even a small one.”
“OK, that takes twenty-seven of our -hundred rangers, and Roland riding to Templeton loses one from our Brotherhood contingent of fifty.  Our total troop strength left is one-hundred-twenty-two.  Not an insignificant force.  OK, Alahandro, you will take the remaining brotherhood troops and refortify the south gate.  Use whatever you can to barricade it and make taking it costly for anyone who tries.  I will assign four rangers to each tower on the walls as primary defense and Callas; I need the town militia to man the curtain walls between each tower.  There are four towers on each wall, and two flanking towers at each gate.  That is a total of eighteen towers and will take sixty-four rangers to man them.  That leaves us Gareth, Gawain, and me, as the strategic reserve.  Wherever Paylor shows up, we will go there.
“Now, I want to try to take the citadel before this goes much further.  I am hoping that using some persuasion, and magic, we can get Chandress to surrender it.  I also don’t want to endanger too many so I am thinking a small party, Myself, Megwyn, Penny, and four Rangers, the best archers you have Gawain along with my herald to try to open negotiations.  I don’t know what will happen, but I need you ladies to think of magic capable of reducing Chandress’ range of action while giving us the best chance to free those children.  Do any of you have any other suggestions to consider before we begin?”
Each of the attendees looked at Robert, Megwyn, and then each other before shaking their heads.  None of them liked the odds against taking the citadel without losing Robert, and probably Megwyn, but none of them had any better suggestions for accomplishing the task as well.  Finally Roland spoke.  “Robert, My Lord, this is very dangerous and more than a bit risky, but when have we ever walked away from danger and risk?  It is something we have taken oft enough to be a comfortable friend by now.  No, you have given us the best plan that could be devised, and if the gods are with us, this will suffice.”
Robert smiled at his privy council.  “OK, you each have your assignments, except Master Callas.  Here is yours.  In about thirty minutes the town council will meet here and you will convene the meeting, as my representative.  I need them to understand that their duty is to defend this city for King Richard and that to do less is treason.  Let them know that I understand their concern for their children, but Chandress will not be able to see who is who on the walls from the citadel, especially if they guard facing outward.  I will give you thirty minutes to get them ready to meet me and I will arrive to make my point.”
“Yes my Lord.  I hope you are eloquent today.”
“As do I.”
The group broke up at that, each to his or her own tasks.  Megwyn and Penny went off into a corner to decide what spells they thought might work best, Robert sat at the heavy desk to begin the letter to Master Bertrand.  Roland spent a few moments speaking intently with Penny, and then kissed her gently before leaving the room to get ready for his ride, and Gawain and Gareth set out to assign rangers to their stations.
When Robert had finished the letter, sealed it and handed it to Roland the two friends held each other’s arms for a moment and then Roland departed.  Robert began to don his armor insuring that his new surcoat, with the arms of Northridge sat naturally on his shoulders.  Megwyn came to his side and helped buckle Robert’s sword, “Defender” around his waist and then Penny helped her to put on her sideless surcoat, with the arms of Northridge, and a burgundy belt on her waist to join her husband for the town council meeting.
When the time came for them to enter the council chamber, Megwyn walked up to Robert from behind, placed her left hand around his waist and her right hand on his right shoulder.  Robert looked into her eyes and smiled at her.  “I didn’t expect that our life would be smooth, but I never expected to force you to expose yourself so often and to expend so much of yourself on my behalf.  When this is all over, I hope you still consider our life worth the effort.”
Megwyn simply kissed her husband and smiled at him before she spoke.  “My sweetest love, nothing I could have imagined approaches the wonder of being in love with you and no dream I have ever had matches what I have found with you.”  She kissed her husband, then used her hands to straighten out his surcoat, placed his helm in his left arm, and lifted his shield up to carry for him.  “Now, my Earl, let us show the good citizens of Westport how fortunate they are to have you as their Earl.”
As Robert and Megwyn approached the main room of the customs house, where the town council was meeting this day they could tell that the debate was intense and emotional.  The Earl and his Countess entered the room and all conversation came to a halt.  As they walked slowly to the center of the room it was evident that the members of the council were sizing up this new Earl, to decide whether they should risk their families and their lives in support of him, or not.
“Good people,” Robert began, “I understand some of the concerns you have.  It is true that Chandress has some of your children in the citadel and I have a plan to gain their release.  This plan requires that you and your people man the curtain wall, in a show of support and solidarity for King Richard and us.  Countess Megwyn and I will enter into negotiations with Chandress convincing him that harming the children will not only insure his own demise, but will result in the execution of every soldier in the citadel.
“I have sent to the king for reinforcements and expect that we can see those troops arriving within five days.  Even with siege machines, which it is doubtful that the rebel Paylor has, this city will not fall in thirty days.  Also, without a navy to blockade the port, Paylor cannot stop supplies from reaching us by sea, and so our supply of food is essentially endless.”
“I cannot guarantee that no harm will come to your children, but I will hazard my life in an attempt to gain their release and I would remind you that it is the rebels themselves, who have decided to hide behind your children rather than submit to their king, or offer themselves in a fair fight.”
The townsmen began to speak, all at once at this point, but Robert raised his hand for silence and they slowly came back to order.  “If I can address one of you at a time, I can answer your questions and listen to your concerns, but if you speak all at once, I can’t even hear what you are saying.”
A rather large barrel of a man rose at this point.  “My Lord Earl, I am Thomas Smith, Guild master of the Iron Workers Guild.  My daughter Cynthia is being held and she is my heir, and quite frankly, my joy in life.  I am not willing to put her life in jeopardy, by manning the walls of this city against the man who holds her life in his hand.”
“Master Smith, I do empathize with you.  I have a question for you though.  What kind of city will you be living in when the man who leads it takes your children hostage so he can rebel against his liege lord, and what will life be like in Westport, once this man has tasted the power that holding your children gives him?  My offer is that I will extend myself to try to gain their release, and as your liege lord I will protect and defend you and your family with my own life, not take your children to be my shields.”
“Will that provide me another heir when Chandress has killed my Cynthia?”
“Would your Cynthia enjoy life under Chandress?  How many times will he use your children to impose his will on you, against your better judgment?  How will you feel when they become simply pawns in a game he will always win, because he threatens them?”
Megwyn moved in front of Robert to address the guild master.  “Master Thomas, although the Earl’s child is not yet visible, he is, indeed, risking the life of his, as yet unborn child as I am with child and will be standing next to Robert during the negotiations.  So, we, all of us stand as equals in the risks we are taking with our children.”  She turned to a stunned Robert and placed both her hands on his chest as she spoke quietly to him.  “Do not act so surprised, I have been trying to find a perfect moment to tell you this truth and this one appeared to be the most useful moment for us.  Do not be angry with me, and do not say naught against my appearing with you.  It is the best use of our resources.  Trust me; I will take every precaution with our child.”  She smiled weakly for him as they turned again to face their citizens.
Thomas began to look confused as he contemplated Robert and Megwyn’s words.  Suddenly, from the back of the room a female voice spoke up.  “Thomas, you already know the answer to the Earl’s questions.  You already know what is right.  You already know what Cynthia would want of her father.  She is from my body and I would not want her to live as a constant hostage bending you, us, and the guild to Chandress’ and Paylor’s will.  If you aren’t ready to admit you need to trust that nothing will ever insure a child’s safety, however; an honest lord is worth fighting for, you are not the man I married.”
The guild master hung his head for a few moments, finally; looking up at Robert he began.  “My Lord, my wife has the right of it, no matter how hard it is to accept.  Life in Westport wouldn’t be worth living at the price Chandress is exacting.  I know not what course the other guilds will take, but the Ironworkers will report to the walls.  All I ask, my lord, is that you try, with all your might, to bring my Cynthia home.”
That last was spoken with tears coursing down his cheeks and with that, the Ironworkers Guild left the meeting to armor up and report to the walls.  With the Ironworkers onboard, the other guilds, one at a time, joined and soon the council chamber was cleared of all the primary participants. Robert looked at Callas with the enormity of the task before him fully understood.
“My Lord Earl, pray allow me to join your party at the parley.  Perhaps there is something that a Bard can do to help sway the people in the citadel, or at the very least, I can help to confuse them concerning who should be struck down first.”
Robert smiled at the bard.  “You have a strange courage for a minstrel.  I will not gainsay you this boon though.  I would hope that you can help convince them to not harm the children and to surrender, and I hope that no other heroics will be necessary.”  With that, Robert took hold of Megwyn’s hand, placed his left arm on Callas’ shoulder and the three exited the Customs House.

Chapter 27 – Conversation in Westport

As they began walking along the cobblestone main street of Westport, the first thing they both noticed was the nearly total lack of any pedestrian traffic on the streets.  Most houses were shuttered and it was plain that the inhabitants were trying to stay out of the way until the situation within the city stabilized, in spite of the nearly cloudless sky and the bright warm sun.  They moved towards the south gate, Robert setting a brisk pace and his head held stiffly.  He was facing forward and ignoring nearly anything to his left and right.  Megwyn easily read in the stiff gait and the tightness of her husband’s body, his anger.  She realized that the conversation they were about to have was not going to be a pleasant conversation, but it was a necessary one nonetheless.  “Robert, pray talk with me about your anger.”
Robert tried to continue walking while ignoring his wife’s plea for conversation, but Megwyn finally grabbed him by his right arm and spun him around.  Looking directly into his eyes she began, “Talk to me, my lord, I know you are not happy, and I can understand your unhappiness.  You wish I had told you about the pregnancy before I told the entire Earldom, but, you must talk with me or leave me sick with worry and guilt.”  She continued to stare into his eyes until Robert began to unload his anger and pain.
“I am hurt, angry, and confused and I need to sort some of this out before we talk.  I have decided to inspect the work at the south gate for a bit, as our herald sets up the meeting with Chandress.  I am hoping that I can get enough control over my temper to have this conversation with you and not have a shouting match that would hurt our relationship, and our ability to be taken seriously by the folks in this town.”
Megwyn gave Robert a most loving look, and the gentle smile began the task of loosening Robert’s anger.  “I understand, my love, but as you are thinking, realize that we have been far too busy to find a good time to tell you about a pregnancy.  I was hoping that our trip here would be uneventful and I could finally tell you this news in a very comfortable and homey environment.  But, as with everything else of late, circumstances haven’t given us the luxury of such a time.  I also realized that the announcement, made here, at that meeting, would be the best way to get Master Smith, Smith to capitulate and it isn’t as if I wasn’t going to be standing with you anyway, so the fact of our child’s exposure won’t change, it is just that you know about it now.”
Robert stopped so quickly, his escort of five rangers nearly walked into him and Megwyn.  He turned towards her and looked into her eyes.  For the first time this day Megwyn could see the tears in his eyes and realized that Robert was truly worried.  He tried to start talking to her twice, then cleared his throat and asked simply, “Do you know the gender of our child yet?”
Megwyn smiled at him, touching his cheeks with both her hands, “Yes, it is our son.”
“Our heir, at least I got to be the first one to know that fact.  Megwyn, how can you hazard him and you for me?  Doesn’t your mother instinct make you want to protect him instead?
“Oh, my sweet husband, YES, more than you can know, but I have my sense of duty as well, I know what is required of a countess, and, I know what is required to be worthy of YOU.”
“Megwyn, you think you have to be worthy of ME?  My lady, how can I ever be worthy of you?  I am, but a poor warrior, if it is a fighter you need, then I am your man, but I am wholly unschooled as a diplomat, courtier, and well, to be honest, lover of a princess.  Sometimes, I feel that one day you will grasp my complete unworthiness, and simply walk away from me.”
Robert’s hands moved up Megwyn’s arms to her shoulders and then, as her arms wrapped around him, his moved around her to caress her.  Each realized that they both felt that their mate was the most incredible person they could have found.  Robert moved back just enough to bring his lips to Megwyn’s lips, held her face by her chin in his right hand and pressed his lips to hers.  It wasn’t a chaste kiss, nor was it a prelude to sex.  It was the kind of kiss that two people, who are sublimely in love with each other, can have as they share their entire lives and bodies.  Slowly letting his grip on Megwyn loosen, Robert looked at his lady and asked so very simply.  “How do you tell someone that you love them with all you are capable of feeling, in Elven?”
Megwyn smiled at Robert, tears slowly working their way down her cheeks as she asked, “Are there no words in Castrean to convey this thought?”
“I am married to the most wonderful Elf in the world and I want her to know that I appreciate her and her love just as she is, and that her life and she are so very important to me.  So, how would I tell you this?”
“That is not a simple question, my love.  Elven is not a direct language, as is Castrean.  There are three levels of words in the language.  There is Common Elven, the language we would use when working on a farm or at some craft.  Most words that convey those types of concepts are in Common Elven.  Then, there is the language of learning, this is known as Middle Elven.  There are more words in Middle Elven to convey concepts of the intellect and the heart than exist in Common Elven.  Then, there is High Elven; this is the language of Court, the Law, and Magic.  It is also the language of intimacy and it is in this variant of Elven that the phrase for ‘I Love You’ is found.  The word is ‘J’mere.”
Robert’s eyes opened wide.  I remember you saying this to me, rather often.  But … I remember hearing it that first night I truly remember seeing you.  You said it as I fell back asleep”
Megwyn began to laugh with Robert softly.  “Yes, my love, I did.  I felt so safe, saying it in High Elven, so you couldn’t use the word to force me or hold me against my will.  I hadn’t gotten used to being in love yet, so I was trying to be cautious.”
“Do you still wish to hide your love from me?”
“No, not in the least bit.”
Well, then … J’mere ….”  Robert spent a few moments looking into the eyes of his lady.  Her smile, the gentle curve of her lips upward as her warm tears moved slowly down her cheeks affected Robert as no words she could have spoken ever could.  He kissed the tears from her cheeks as they stood there.  “Now, let us go see how the work on the south gate, which you completely destroyed with magic, is fairing.”
“You know I didn’t really want to destroy the entire gate.  I am going to have to recalibrate all my magic to take into consideration what being in love has done to me.”  Robert took Megwyn’s hand and they walked like teenaged lovers towards the south gate.
As they walked southward they realized that the farther from the citadel they traveled, the more the people opened their shutters to gaze on their Earl and his Countess.  Most of them smiled, and waved surreptitiously and then quickly closed their shutters, afraid that the new Earl would fail in his attempt to establish his control and they would be held accountable for being friendly with him.
“It would seem, my Lord Earl that many of the people here would like to welcome you and what little we have learned of the happenings here at Westport, I can hardly blame them.  We must establish fair and just systems for them, sweet my love and with time, they may come to trust you as I trust you.”
“Megwyn, you make my heart glad.  If I should fall today, and you rule this Earldom for our son, I know you will do the best for this land.  I do believe you will be better at this than I.”
“No, sweetheart, we will be better than either of us alone, remember this always as we work to bring justice to this land.”
Their conversation had taken them to the south gate and Alahandro.  “Hail my lord Earl and Preceptor, what brings you here so early in the morning?  And the faire Countess Megwyn, you grace us with your presence.”
Taking Alahandro’s right hand, Robert replied, “I wanted to see how you are progressing, find out what your plan is, and … most of all … give myself time to gather my thoughts.  I have just found out that the countess is pregnant.”
Alahandro’s smile quickly spread as he grasped Robert more closely.  “Congratulations.  I see that Earls take no time insuring an heir, and I am so happy for both of you.”
Megwyn smiled her little enigmatic smile as she accepted the accolades from Alahandro and the other members of the brotherhood.  She realized that Alahandro’s enthusiasm for an heir, and not simply a baby, was a product of the human’s thought processes.  He was not trying to diminish the baby’s significance and she simply reminded herself that she would work harder on readjusting the importance of children on the humans in her world.  It would take some time, but Robert proved that humans were capable of changing their outlook.
Robert looked over the work the brotherhood had completed in a few short hours.  They had begun a semi-circular earthwork in front of the gate.  They were digging a dry –moat in front and using the dirt to build up a berm.  “I am gathering wood from those two copses of trees that are too close to the walls anyway.  With those I can build the walls to twelve feet and by using the old walk-way over the gateway I can project a lot of arrows on the casemate.  With heavily armed troops behind the wall, this should hold for a while.  As soon as I complete this work, I will build a second wall inside this one, made up of pieces of the old gate that will give us a second place to defend, should this one become untenable.”
“I like this plan a lot Alahandro.  You learned your engineering lessons well.  It looks like you could defend this wall already and with the additional work; this should be a good position very soon.”
“Yes, My Lord, thank you.”  Have you any suggestions for things I have missed?”
“No, the only way this position will fall easily is if Paylor brings up siege engines and even if he has those, it will take him days to bring them up and I hope we have relief before that.  I wish I had any information on the size and composition of his forces, but, in the absence of any other information, we are doing what we can.”
Alahandro, Robert, and Megwyn spent the next hour walking along the south wall of Westport.  None of them could find any improvement on the fortifications, barring having several days to work so the city was as ready for the coming conflict as could be prepared.  As they were walking back and nearly back to the south gate Robert’s herald, Gerald rode up to him.  Gerald’s expression was pained, as if the negotiations had not gone as he had wished.
“My Lord, Chandress has agreed to speak with you, but only at the most onerous of conditions.”
“Pray tell me of these conditions, good Gerald.”
“Chandress will remain within the citadel and you, and your party must walk up to the gate.  He has agreed to give you a quarter candle mark and expects the parley to begin at the twelfth mark.”
“What is the current time?”
“It is nearly at the eleventh mark right now, My Lord.  I took the liberty to have your horses brought to you; they should be here in a moment.”
“Thank you Gerald, you have done well.”
Robert turned to Megwyn, “Are you and Penny ready for your part in all of this?”
“We are.”  Megwyn smiled at Robert, don’t look so worried, dear, I want you to be the confident warrior you usually are so this Chandress is kept off balance.  He feels that he holds all the cards in this little game, however; he is about to learn that he does not and the rebelling against your king, and your liege lord is a crime.”
The horses arrived and Robert helped Megwyn into her saddle, and then mounted his.  “To the customs house.  Let us assemble our party and then we will ride to within a few feet of the citadel gate.  I may have to arrive afoot, but I’ll be damned if I will walk the entire way.”
Chapter 28 – Parley at the Citadel

Three minutes before the appointed time, Robert, Megwyn, Penny, Callas, and four Elvin rangers approached the gate of the citadel.  The citadel wasn’t an especially forbidding building.  It was essentially a shell keep (a ring of a single wall with a gate and two small D-towers flanking the gate.)  Its principal defense was that it was on the highest hill in the city and the slope had been artificially increased to make assaults on the walls as difficult as possible.  The curtain wall was topped by merlin and crenel construction and so was a rather formidable position.  I small force could keep a much larger army at bay outside the structure due to its elevation alone.
The chief weakness of the citadel was food and water.  Although Robert had no idea how much food and water had been stockpiled, he doubted if the capacity of the citadel could be much more than thirty days or so, at best.  The citadel was very dependent upon the defenders being relieved from outside Westport before the provisions were depleted.
The last row of houses was about a hundred yards from the base of the citadel and Robert and his party left the shadow of the last houses along King’s Street and approached the citadel along a cobblestone approach to a shallow dry moat over which a drawbridge could be lowered for access.  At present, that drawbridge was raised and only a few heads could be seen at the top of the citadel.
When Robert’s party reached the last point from which they could see the persons on the wall, they stopped and Gerald called to the citadel, “Defenders of the citadel, Earl Robert has come to parley.”
No one showed from the citadel and for a few moments it looked as if Chandress’s plan had simply been to humiliate Robert by having him arrive for a parley that he, Chandress, had no intention of joining.  Then, from the two D-towers a flight of six arrows flew straight for the Earl’s party.  Two of those were aimed straight for Robert’s chest, two for Megwyn, and two for Gerald.  As the arrows began their flight, it became apparent that they were slowing rapidly as they approached the Earl’s party.  About six inches from Robert’s chest the first of the arrows came to a halt, and fell to the earth.  In rapid succession, the other five arrows followed suit.
The four rangers were quick to respond, almost before the arrows from the citadel had fallen to the ground the rangers had a flight of four returning to the arrow slots on the tower and while those were in the air, a second set of four arrows arched their way up to the windows.  As Robert and his party began to fade to the rear, Megwyn stared at the large ropes holding the drawbridge up, she muttered a few words, then waved her hand as she loudly said, “discoperiet” and the two ropes began to fray and detach from the drawbridge.  It was evident that in a few minutes it would come crashing down exposing the gate into the citadel.
More arrows came down from the citadel top and because Megwyn’s attention, and magic was concentrated on the drawbridge one of them got past the shield spell that she and Penny had been holding in front of the party and stuck Megwyn in her upper left arm.
Robert heard Megwyn’s scream and grabbed her around the waist as he pulled her to the cover of the first house.  Megwyn’s rather wane face betrayed her smile.  “So, this is what a wound feels like?  I think I could have lived my entire life without the experience.”
Robert and Penny quickly looked her over and realized that Megwyn was not in any immediate danger.  The arrow had penetrated the muscles of her left arm without cutting any of the arteries there.  Robert looked at Penny, “She will be alright?”
“Yes Rob, the wound is slight and there will only be a small scar to show for her battle here.”  As Penny said this she had removed the arrow, and was administering the salve that Elves always used to reduce or preclude infection.  “Go now, manage this battle for us and I will restore your lady to you before you can secure the entire citadel.”
Robert seemed torn between his lady and his duty.  “Rob, GO, Penny can do anything for me that can be done, and if you don’t take advantage of that drawbridge falling to storm the walls, they may hold out for hours, and those children will suffer for this.”
Robert kissed his wife, and quickly turned to take command of the battle.  He speedily determined that Gareth had moved the thirty rangers that Robert had hidden in the last alleyways in a coordinated assault.  There were several flights of arrows loosed at the walls and the D-towers had closed the shutters to the arrow slits to stop the arrows from coming in.  Robert looked at the available troops.  “Gareth, I will take ten and go for the gate.  When you see us on the tops of those towers bring the rest and let us make short work of this.”  Gareth nodded as Robert looked to his rangers, “Follow me,” and sprinted for the left side of the drawbridge that had actually stayed intact while the center and right side had collapsed into the dry moat.
Once the ten rangers were at the towers they began using arrows on the murder slots above the gate.  The portcullis had not been lowered giving the Earl’s party a chance to reach the interior of the citadel.
Once in the center, Robert found he had seventeen rangers with him and the last three had brought bags of spare arrows with them.  The archers quickly cleared the walls leaving the defenders holding only the two towers and the few buildings that constituted the interior of the citadel.  There was a small manor house, a smithy, a building that looked like a barracks, another that could only be the stables and two buildings that appeared to be warehouses for supplies.
Not wanting to take all day at this, Robert took seven of the rangers with him to secure the outbuildings.  One at a time he opened all the buildings except the manor house and discovered that they were not only abandoned, but that there were no stocks of food or water in the citadel.  This indicated that Chandress had never had time to prepare for the loss of Westport and had not gotten the supplies he needed into the citadel before Robert had taken the city
The last building the rangers secured was the stables.  Here they had found a stable boy, more scared than hurt whimpering in the corner, under a pile of straw.  Bringing Robert’s attention to the boy gave him a chance to question him.  “How many defenders are there?”
“Th … th …there were eighteen this morning at roll-call, My Lord,” the boy managed to stutter out for the Earl.
“Do not be afraid.  What is your name lad?”
“M m m my name is Borges, My Lord.”
“Borges, where are the hostages and Chandress.”
“In, in the manor, My Lord?”
“What is the layout of the manor house?”
“The, ah, front door there leads to the hall, there is a sleeping chamber off to the left and to the right are the kitchens.  There is a loft above the hall where the men sleep when there are no guests, or where guests sleep if there are any.”
Gareth had joined Robert by this time and nodded to his lord as he knelt next to Robert.
Robert asked the important question first, “What is the butcher’s bill?
“We lost two rangers killed and three wounded in taking the walls.  The enemy dead is currently at twelve with three prisoners taken alive.”
“If Borges is correct, that leaves Chandress with only three defenders with him, and twenty children to manage.  He may start killing them to reduce the management problem.  We need to do this quickly and NOW.”
“Borges, is there a back entrance to the manor house?
“Aye, My Lord, just at the left side, there is a servant’s entrance to the kitchen”
“OK, take five rangers and get ready by that back door.  I am going to storm the front door and when you hear it give way, enter from the rear and let’s see if we can end this quickly.
Their plans made, the rangers were split into two parties with five rangers going with Gareth and fifteen remaining with Robert.  Robert gave Gareth a few minutes to get into position and then rushed the door.  There was no defense of the door whatsoever and after a few bashes from a stout axe, the door splintered and the party gained entrance to the manor house.  
Gareth’s kitchen party arrived at nearly the same moment and came to a halt just as Robert and his party had done.  In the doorway to the sleeping chamber stood Chandress holding a very pretty young woman in his arms, with his dagger held at her throat.  “Move one step towards me and I will begin killing children.”
Robert looked past Chandress to the men standing with the other children.  “If one child is harmed, I will hang every one of you.  There will be no mercy for men who hide behind children and are traitors to their king.”  The looks the remaining three guards passed between themselves would have worried Chandress, if he had taken a moment to look behind him, of course, had he taken that moment, one of the Elvin archers would have planted an arrow in his head, knowing he would not be able to kill the girl before dying himself.
“Now, knight who consorts with filth, my men and I are going to walk out of here, with four of the children accompanying us.  You will have eight horses waiting for us as we leave the manor house and no one will attempt to stop us or you will have killed four of the children of the town by your own hand.”
“Chandress, you can’t really get away with this, you know this to be true.  At best you will be hunted down and killed as a child killer and a traitor.  Surrender now and I will promise to turn you over to King Richard, for his justice.”
There was a bit of commotion by the front door and Penny and Megwyn came in the room together.  Although a bit worse for wear from her wound, the look that Megwyn gave Chandress should have been warning enough for any man to recognize his fate when he saw it, he however; failed to recognize this.
“I see I failed to kill your bitch, ah well, next time.  I expect that you and I will meet again, My Lord Earl, and I will have more troops behind me than I have today, that will change the outcome.  But, for now, arrange my horses and …
Chandress stopped in mid-sentence.  The look in his eyes indicated panic.  Almost immediately, the girl he had been holding became limp and slid half-way to the floor, turned horizontal, with her back to the floor and began to float towards Penny.  Almost before the child was horizontal, twelve arrows sprouted from Chandress, four of them in his heart.  The body, however; refused to fall to the ground, until Megwyn waved her hand and spoke the word of dismissal for the spell, “abesto.”
At the utterance of that word Chandress’ body fell to the floor and almost immediately the three soldiers in the sleeping chamber dropped their daggers and fell to their knees seeking quarter.
Robert moved quickly to Megwyn’s side.  “Are you alright?”
Megwyn smiled up at Robert, “Yes, my love, I am.  Sore, tired, and very glad that my brother and his rangers killed Chandress for me, I am afraid that your loving wife had some very nasty ideas about how the killing of Chandress should go.
Gareth had rounded up the remaining prisoners and hostages into two groups.  The hostages were receiving triage from Penny and the guards were being trussed up and escorted out of the manor.  Two of his rangers ran back into the manor and reported to him.
“Robert, your banner flies from the citadel.”
“As it should,” Megwyn replied to her brother.
“And … a rider approaches from the east, at high speed.”
Chapter 29 – Report

Within a few minutes Robert’s party had cleaned up and reset the hall in the manor house.  There were chairs for six people to sit and Robert, Megwyn, Gawain, Callas, and Gareth were sitting with Penny standing behind Megwyn’s chair.  Megwyn was sipping an herb tea that Penny had made for her and there was a fire in the fireplace behind the chairs where water was heating for more drinks.
Soon Claudius strode into the hall, walked to within three paces of Robert and Megwyn, struck his hat from his head, and bowed to them both.
Megwyn was the first to respond.  “Rise Claudius, do you bring us news?”
“I have word, my lady for you both.  We found Paylor and his immediate party.  They are encamped around the town of Cowpens, about a day and a half march from here.  He has an army of approximately three-hundred human warriors with him, mostly infantry, but with a sizable contingent of mounted troops.”
“Is there any evidence of siege machinery?” Robert asked?
“No, My Lord, he also doesn’t seem in any hurry to move on Westport, it is as if he is waiting for reinforcements before he moves on.  He also seems to have a contingent of young women with him, for the pleasure of himself and his soldiers.  Also …” Claudius paled markedly before he made his next report.  “We have found one of our rangers tied to a tree and flayed alive.”
“WHAT?”
“I am sorry My Lord, but it would appear that Paylor has upped the ante in the matter of racial purging in this campaign.”
Robert turned to Gawain, “We need to redeploy many of the scouts.  I want to keep a few watching Paylor, but we need to find the party that Paylor is waiting for.  I also want the scouts to work in groups now.  I don’t want to give Paylor a chance to catch another alone to torture.”
“I agree, I am going to send our scouts out to the South and East of Cowpens and we will try to locate this new party.  Robert, we could destroy Paylor at Cowpens, right now, if you wish.”
Robert thought about this for a few moments before answering, “No, I don’t want to endanger an entire town, and you know that stray arrows always find the innocent in any battle.  No, if we can destroy his reinforcements before they join him we can accomplish the same thing without being such a hazard to civilians.  I will lead the army and crush these troops as the approach.”
“No my love, you cannot do that.  You and I have to stay in Westport and be the bait that holds Paylor to his current intent.  We both know that Paylor has spies in the city who will report to him and if you go off into the woods, he will feel that he can accomplish his goal by killing you out there and will redeploy.  No, sorry, my dashing hero, but you will have to simply sit here.  I have a better idea, and one that will give father personal pleasure.”
Robert’s look was intense.  “Pray tell me.”
“Penny and I can contact my father tonight, we have everything we need to use farspeak and we can have father scour the woods to the north and east of us.  The treaty with David allows him to come to our aid, so there is no problem there.  Meanwhile, we will sit here, in Westport, and give Paylor something to focus on.  If any troops arrive from Richard, they can join us in becoming an anvil, upon which Paylor can smash his army should he invest Westport.  Also, if he concentrates on taking Westport, he may well miss the armies concentrating on him.”
Robert thought hard, looking for a flaw in his wife’s plan, but could find none.  “I really hate it when you are right, my lady.  But … right you are in this.  Gawain, you may have to command the scouts for me and insure that we have all the warning we need to become the cheese in this trap.  Gareth, I need you to scour the countryside and bring in all the food you can purchase.  Callas, can you get the fishing fleet out today and bring in some fresh fish?  The people need to feel that we can provide for them.”
“I will have the fleet out within the hour, My Lord., knowing that there is a ready market for the fish does wonders for motivating the fishermen.”  Callas smiled as he spoke, and his merry eyes twinkled.  “I would ask if you wish to be entertained tonight.  My mate is a juggler of some talent and you may wish to invite the leading citizens of Westport to your table tonight.”
Megwyn’s eyes lit up at Callas’ suggestion.  “A wonderful idea, if we were certain that we had broken the opposition we would do exactly that, celebrate and Paylor would believe his location, and probable plans are still hidden from us.
Robert’s look of happiness at the astuteness of his wife’s analysis was visible to everyone and his simple, “make it so,” was followed with instructions to Penny to begin preparing the household to receive guests in the evening.”
Gareth looked at both his sister and Robert before asking, “How many scouts do you want me to keep in the woods?”
After a moment’s discussion between the Earl and his Countess Robert answered, “Twenty-five in five teams should do it, I would think.  Remember, your job is to give me information, not defeat Paylor yourself.  Also, I need the sharpest lookouts on the walls tonight, I need to know if a messenger leaves the city bound for Paylor, I do not wish to stop him, I simply want to know who it is, if that is possible.  Pair a ranger with one of the city militia at every point and let’s see if we can find out who this family is.
“Robert, I owe him for what his group did to my father’s herald.”
Robert’s look spoke volumes as he told his brother-by-marriage, “I understand, but remember the old adage that revenge is a dish best served cold.  I would rather you keep your rangers alive, scouting, and falling back on Westport where we will give Paylor what he deserves, instead of what he wants, than to lose many of them in attempts to kill Paylor far from Westport.  Personally, I would like to plant his hide on the walls, as a warning to others.”
“Aye, My Lord Earl, and brother,” was all that Gareth trusted himself to say, but his eyes gave Robert a glimpse of the anger he was holding in check.”
Megwyn rose and stepped over to her brother.  “Gareth, I truly understand how you feel and if anything, because of my understanding of physiology, I appreciate the suffering of our ranger better than you even, but … we need to win the people of Westport and the Earldom more than we need to punish Paylor.  If we can set up a place where all decent people can live without fear and raise their families in peace, that will be a better victory than the destruction of one, very petty and racist man.”
Robert rose held his Gareth in both his arms for a moment before speaking to the assembly at large.  “Meanwhile, the Countess needs to rest, and I need to look to the defenses of Westport, so, unless anyone has anything else that needs our immediate attention …?”  He looked from person to person, gathering from their eyes where they thought things stood then continued.  “No? … Then good, let us go to work.
When everyone except Megwyn and Penny were gone, Robert turned to his lady.  “How do you do that, you let me look as if I understand the tactics of Elvin Rangers so it appears I know how to deploy them best?
“It is best if the men all believe in you as our leader, and, I have to admit that it turns me on to watch you in charge.  Do you mind if watching you being the earl makes me want you more?
Laughing Robert whispered in Megwyn’s ear, “not at all.  We may be the randiest Earl and Countess in the history of Castrea you know.”
Megwyn held Robert by his upper arms, her laughter filling the room.  “No, my love, we are not.  Pray take it from one who has spent her entire life in and around a court, there is more sex than talk going on most days.  No, my lord husband, we may be more physically demonstrative than your Knights of Filias are accustomed to, but we are rather normal in this aspect.  Now, kiss me, and lead me to this new sleeping chamber we are supposed to use and let me take a nap.  Penny will plan and execute our little feast tonight, but you have to go into town and find us some servants to possibly hire.  I want to cull them this afternoon, but I need a cook and Penny will have to fill in for now, although if you can find a real cook today, I will be forever grateful.  So, husband, if you can do this for me, with any luck we can initiate our new bed tonight and your ever-so-randy wife will feel much better.”  
The couple had been walking into the sleeping-chamber during that time and Robert was setting Megwyn down on the mattress.  
“Ah, our camping pallet, thank whoever did this for us, I did not wish to sleep on the same mattress that Chandress had used.  Remind me to get us a new mattress soon though dear.”
Megwyn’s words were beginning to slur as her eyes got heavier and Robert pulled the blankets up around her as she surrendered to sleep.  He kissed her cheek and walked quietly back into the hall.
“Penny, did you give Megwyn a sleeping draught?”
“Aye, My Lord.  She needs to sleep to recover from that wound, and since I know she will try to extend herself tonight, to reach her father for help, she needed to be as well rested as possible.”
“Can you actually pull off a dinner for tonight?”
Penny laughed as she continued to work on bread dough.  “Yes, it won’t be a feast, but it will be a good meal of stew, fresh bread, and I found a barrel of apples, so I can make us some pies for dessert.  If that will be good enough for you for this evening, we will be alright.”
“That will be more than adequate Penny, thank you, you are not really a servant, you are Megwyn’s apprentice, and you are supposed to be learning magic, not working for my household as a servant.”
“My Lord Earl …”
“Please, Penny, there is no one else around; I really do need to be Rob at times like this.”
“Rob, I have learned so much from you both, but the most important lessons that I have learned are the lessons of duty and love.  I do this today because you need support and I can do the tasks, and I love you both.  Megwyn is the mother I lost and you are a lord I would follow even should I know that my death would result from such.”
Their conversation was interrupted by the clearing of a throat.  Robert looked up into the outside kitchen door and saw it filled by a middle-aged woman, two younger women, who, by their looks were evidently her daughters and two young men.  “Your pardon, My Lord, Robert, but Master Callas informs me that you are seeking servants for your household and my family is available and knowledgeable in this.  My name is Agnes, these are my daughters Alexi and Marta, behind me are my sons Martin and Hector.”
Robert looked the woman over carefully.  Her once raven hair was tinged with grey, her grey eyes showed both compassion and a capacity to love.  The set of her shoulders, and the firm manner she used to look at Robert informed him that she was capable of managing a household and that she would brook no interference in the performance of her duties.  Her mouth was firmly if gently formed and let Robert feel a friendliness and dedication that he was quick to recognize.  “Have you served a great house before, Agnes?”
“I have never served an Earl before, but then there has never been an Earl in Westport before.  Until today I was the housekeeper to William Congress a merchant trader here, but he and his family have, quite suddenly, decided to move to Cowpens and so, without any notice at all, I find myself seeking employment.”
“How did Callas come to know you were available?”
“Early this morn it was passed about that anyone who knew of someone going to Cowpens, or who was leaving Westport suddenly should go to the Customs House and speak with Master Callas.  Also, I realized that the new Earl and his Countess would need servants to work their house here and, since I suddenly needed employment, all this seemed to come together and I went to the Customs House.”
“I like your attitude and if you are ready, we have a feast tonight and this manor house has not been cleaned in months.  Are you and your family ready to take this on?
Turning to her sons Agnes began to issue her orders.  “Martin, I need an inventory of what is available in the castle, the number of chairs, benches, trestles, and such.  Hector, go through the storehouses and get me a complete inventory of food available.  My Lord, how many guests are we expecting tonight?  Alexi, Marta, the hall needs to be cleaned, fresh rushes spread on the floor and find the Earl’s and Countesses banners and such to decorate the hall.”  She looked to Penny next with questions in her eyes.
“I am Penelope or Penny for short.  I am Countess Megwyn’s apprentice.  I will gladly turn this all over to you and return to taking care of My Mistress, who was wounded in the early morning fight.  If you have any questions, I will be in the Lord’s Chamber, off the great hall.”
Agnes nodded and then turned to Robert.  “Where shall we sleep, and exactly what does the job pay, My Lord.”
“There is a loft, above the great hall which you can certainly use, and I believe your salary will be five Castreans a month with two for each of your children.  Will that be sufficient?”
“Will we be in fealty to you and your house?”
“Yes, you shall be.”
“Then that will be sufficient, more than sufficient.  You will find our service to be all you could desire, My Lord.  Now, let us get your first feast started.  If you will forgive me, I will take over the kitchen and begin.”
Chapter 30 – Epilogue
Megwyn sat in the great hall, her left hand supported by her much enlarged belly, the evidence of her pregnancy quite visible to all.  She was smiling, her small enigmatic smile that few got to see as she thought about the past three months, assessing successes and failures in their (Robert and Megwyn’s) solidification of the new Earldom.
The hall was now more “their” hall than the plain room they had inherited.  The plain white plaster walls were now covered in murals of woodland scenes.  This was the compromise that she and Robert had worked out.  If she was going to have to live in a human box, she was going to have it decorated like an Elven glade.  The room was also decorated with three banners behind their chairs.  Robert’s banner of Northridge, her banner as the daughter of Corrental and a princess of Mithrea, and their marriage banner, a lozenge divided palewise with her royal arms and his Earldom.  Overall, this was a hall where both Megwyn and Robert could be comfortable.
Their primary failure was the inability to end the threat that Paylor and his racial purity party posed to both the kingdoms of Mithrea and Castrea as well as Robert, Megwyn, and their Earldom of Northridge.  
When Paylor was warned, by Master Congress, about the confluence of forces about to engulf him he faded eastward and took ship from the city of Eastport with most of his followers.  Although he was declared outlaw and his lands in Castrea confiscated by the Crown, he was still a threat that would, Megwyn was certain, reappear in their lives.
Another area of concern was the residual racism within Castrea.  There was still a sizable minority of people who would not accept the concept of equality between Elves and humans and who particularly despised the children of the union of a human and an Elf.  Her hand patted the child inside her as she thought about the fact that the heir of Northridge would be such a child and that she was condemning her child to such a condition.  
But then, this was the child that she and Robert had made.  At thought of her lord, Megwyn smiled and felt that little stirring within her womanhood at the thought of Robert.  It was comforting to be seven months pregnant and feel the fire of desire for her mate.  It was also a comfort to remember that even this pregnant, and fat, she could watch that same desire awaken in her husband and revel in its consummation with him.  The memory of last night forced a small laugh from Megwyn as she sat there.
“Mistress, are you alright.”  Penny moved to Megwyn’s side as she used her healer and priestess skills to carefully scan Megwyn for any signs of distress.  “Should I send for Hazlen, at the Collegia?”
“No, Penny, there is no need for that.  I was simply being so very happy with my life and I was remembering carnal pleasures with my husband.  Do I embarrass you, being honest like this?”
“Sit with me a moment, my friend.”
Penny began looking for a small chair when Megwyn laughed at her and invited her to sit in Robert’s high chair next to her.  “It is just a chair, you know that.”
“Yes, but it is the Earl’s chair, the place where he dispenses justice and receives fealty.”
“It is also the chair he sits in when he is tired, and where I have sex with him upon occasion.”  Megwyn laughed at the slight embarrassment that Penny displayed.  “Oh, come now, you know me very well and you know I speak plainly.  I assume I am not supposed to notice when you and Roland sneak off behind the tapestries to enjoy yourselves during the day?”
Penny smiled self-depreciatingly and sat in Robert’s chair.  “Got me there, ok, should I send for Hazlen though?” 
Megwyn smiles at her friend while shaking her head no.  Megwyn was very happy that Hazlen had accepted the position at the Collegia.  It was convenient that Master Congress had abandoned his rather large house while proving traitor and rushing off to Paylor at Cowpens.  Confiscation of the house had provided a perfect location to locate the new Collegia Evelyn here in Westport.  With both Megwyn and Hazlen as instructors the five students were being well educated and taken care of.  It also provided her with a friend and midwife experienced in Elven birthing.
It worked out perfectly, in fact as the fifty-three elven families that chose to move to Northridge, along with the families of their hundred rangers provided the candidates and now the five acolytes added to Penelope as apprentice gave the school focus and legitimacy.  Overall a good start for the Earldom
Megwyn thought about another victory.  Over a hundred human families have migrated to Northridge, so new villages were cropping up and more of the land was being brought into production.  Two new mills were opened and if things continued as they were now, next year should see Northridge with a surplus to sell which would provide income for merchants, ships crews, and ultimately the coffers of the Earl and King.
Megwyn noticed that Penny was crying softly.  “What is the matter girl?”
Penny looked up at Megwyn, with tears streaming down her cheeks.  “I was remembering when you were wounded.  When I watched you take that arrow, my first reaction was that I had failed you, then I looked into your eyes, and I saw both pain and fear and I realized that you were more worried, and shocked than I was.”
“I then looked at Robert and it was in that moment that I realized how much he depends on us and what we all mean to him.  I also realized that this Earldom depends upon him to allow us to become the people we can be.   I knew that I could heal you and that he had to complete the conquest of Westport.  Not just for you, but for US, all the people who are dependent on him making this Earldom a place where we can be and to insure that Castrea remains a country where people can live.”
The outer door of the manor house opened and Robert walked in.  He smiled as he realized that he was interrupting a girl moment.  “Am I interrupting?”
Megwyn’s eyes sparkled as she began to teas her husband.  “No dear, I was just telling Penny that I have had sex with you in your Earl chair.”
“Oh, are there no family secrets here anymore.”  Robert was laughing as he walked up to Megwyn.  Aren’t we supposed to pretend we are above such things my lady?”
“No, I’m afraid that we live in too close proximity to our family for them to be unaware of what goes on and anyway, I am very proud to call you my lover, lover.  Now, would you go into the kitchen and bring us a pitcher of cold water and then we can talk about the new town we are chartering in the east and … our baby is moving about, if you can to feel him.”
Robert looked at Megwyn with tear filled eyes.  “Now THAT is what I have been looking for all day.  A task I can perform that doesn’t require me to think and which I believe I can actually perform.”  Kissing Megwyn on her forehead Robert walked across the room to the kitchen and grabbed the pail heading for the cistern to fill it.  He walked down the stairway and Megwyn saw the beginnings of the springy step that always indicates that Robert is content with life.

###

Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it please leave feedback at your favorite retailer?

About the Author

Bruce was born in Pawtucket, RI where he went to school graduating from what was then known as Pawtucket West High School.  He then entered the U. S. Navy where he spent the next fourteen years.  
Later in life he attended the University of Illinois where he attained his Bachelor and Master degrees in history.  While attending Southern Illinois University in Carbondale, IL he entered the history program in the United States Air Force, where he retired.
He lives in Newburgh, IN where he still dabbles in history and writes.


