The Vampires Ange De La Mort

By BSM Stoneking

Copyright 2013© BSM Stoneking
2014 Smashwords Edition

This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writer’s imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locales, or organizations is entirely coincidental.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please return to Smashwords and purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




THE VAMPIRES ANGE DE LA MORT


Tori Lane is happy with every part of her life, especially being a secret vampire assassin. Not only is every assassination filled with drama or entertainment, she also gets paid to kill them. Though she has to keep it a secret from her parents, she's even happy with her love life. That is until she gets the chance to date her old high school crush, Ryder Seff. 

Dating Ryder lets Tori experience the most erotic love life she has ever personally had, but Ryder has a secret of his own. Her love life soon becomes filled with more drama than she can handle as she eventually finds out Ryder's massive secret. Shocked by this, she quickly decides if she has to give up her amazing erotic love life with the man she believes she truly loves.

Note from Author: This book is not intended for anyone under the age of 18. This is a supernatural erotica, which contains blood drinking. It is a book for adults only, including profanity, explicit sex scenes, F/F sexual activity, a dominant male, and some sadistic vampire BDSM.

DEDICATION

I'm dedicating this book to my husband. Thank you for all your support, encouragement, and the ideas you have given me to include in the book. If anyone asks what I love about my life, I will always say I love you!


ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

A big thank-you to Fefe. You have been my biggest encourager in writing this book. I was terrified to tell anyone I wrote an erotica, let alone let anyone else in this world read it. If it weren’t for you I wouldn’t have published this book, so thank you.

Also a big thank-you to Kimber. Your open mind to things real and supernatural have given me many ideas to work off of. You've also been a big support in my writing this book, thank you. 


OTHER BOOKS BY BSM STONEKING


The Vampires Ange De La Mort – Meet The Parents

Lena’s Security

Lena’s Security – Day 2







Chapter 1

How many more times am I going to have to jump off this cliff before I can end my day? It feels like this day will never end! All I keep thinking about is getting home to Fayleigh. When I called her during my break she said she would have a big surprise for me when I get home. Fayleigh is terrible with surprises. The last time she told me she would have a surprise for me, there was another woman in our bed. She was trying to spice things up in the bedroom. The only thing she spiced up was my anger. I was so mad about it, I pulled her drawers out of the bedroom dresser and threw everything off the balcony, followed by her bathroom amenities and the leftover dinner she had made the night before. I don't want to share my lover with anyone else! She's all mine and I plan to keep it that way. 
We obviously ended up making up, however, not without a ton of my favorite flowers sent to my work and home, and a lot of “I'm so sorry. Please forgive me.” 
It took me all of a week to forgive her, but ever since then, things have been great between us and even better in the bedroom. Some of the best sex we have ever had. 
“Tori, I need you back on the cliff. Let’s make this the last take.”
Yes pleeease let this be the last take. We would be done already if Susie could stop forgetting her lines. I mean, all she has to do is kneel down like she had just jumped off this cliff and then say, “That's one hell of a jump.” Six little words.
I do the cliff jumping and she gets the easy part. I really think the only reason she got this part is because the director, Anthony Scoop, felt sorry for her. She was the nanny of his two kids and his wife fired her. Mrs. Scoop is convinced Anthony has been having an affair with the nanny. Which is a good possibility; he's disgustingly nice to her. Anthony is not the nicest director to work for, but his movies always pay very well. 
I work my way back up to the top of the cliff and jump without concern. I love this job. I've known since I was a kid that I always wanted to be a stunt double in the movies. I did a lot of plays in middle school and high school, but they don't let you do too many risky stunts in school. In college, I majored in theater and got to do some stunts. I never really got to do some of these thrilling acts until I graduated and I became a stunt double for a movie my father was directing. If I knew then what I know now, I would have skipped college and went right into the stunt profession. I skipped two grades in high school, so I could have been a sixteen-year-old stunt double. This isn't necessarily a profession you can learn in school. You have to experience it and live it for yourself. My parents are both stunt doubles for the movies and my dad has directed a couple movies himself. I know I would have been guaranteed a role. My parents really guilt tripped me into going to college. They would tell me all the time, “We would really like to see you go to college. I know you won't let us down.”
I can't say I'm necessarily a people-pleaser, but when it comes to my parents, I guess I could say I am. I just don't want to let them down. 
“Okay, people, that take was perfect. Let’s call it a night,” yells Anthony over the fans we used to blow my hair forward during the jump. Just one of the ways to hide a stunt double’s face. “Tori, we won't be shooting any stunts tomorrow, so there's no need for you to come in. I'll need you Monday, though.” He is still shouting, but I can hear the relief in his voice that he is happy to be calling it a night, too. 

Driving home, all I keep thinking about is the surprise Fayleigh has in store for me. I really hope it's nothing like the last surprise. If I'm lucky, maybe her surprise is a bubble bath with rose petals, lots of candles, a glass of wine, and her waiting for me in the tub. 
Rounding the corner, I see my fifteen-foot Victorian-style security gate a half a mile before my house. I wave to Billy, our night guard. He gestures back with an urgent wave for me to stop. 
As I pull up beside him, he steps out of his guard booth and walks over to me with obvious worry on his face. “Ms. Lane, I don't believe you were expecting your parents tonight, but they are here, inside, talking with Miss Fayleigh. It's my understanding she invited them.”
I look at Billy, completely dumbfounded. “Well this is definitely not the kind of surprise I was expecting,” I say, with the words getting stuck in my throat. “Thanks so much for the warning, Billy. I really appreciate it.”
“Good luck, Ms. Lane.” Billy gives me a look full of sympathy.
I'm sitting here, car in park, watching Billy walk back to his booth. I know I’m stalling. “I can do this, I can do this,” I repeat to myself out loud. “Ugh, how can I do this?” I put the car back in drive and start slowly creeping my way up the driveway to my house.
I really hope Fayleigh hasn't told them anything. She must not have, or they wouldn't still be here. Surely I would have already gotten a phone call. I don't want to tell my parents about Fayleigh and me tonight. I don't want to tell them ever. They are not going to be happy to hear their daughter is dating another woman. And that I've kept this from them for almost a year. They aren't homophobic, and be it as that may, they're going to be pissed because they want grandkids someday. Not only are they going to be pissed, I know they're going to be disappointed, too.
I have to talk to Fayleigh before I face my parents.
Fishing through my purse I find my phone and hit speed dial number two. 
“Hello,” answers Fayleigh, way too happy. 
“Fayleigh, I need you to come outside. Right now!” Before she can respond, I hang up on her.
I see Fayleigh come bouncing out of the front door, smiling bubbly, down the steps to my car. Her dark red hair swooping from side to side.
How can she be so happy? Oh that's right, she's not the one telling her parents she's dating a woman. 
Fayleigh gives me a kiss on the cheek and says in a perky voice, “Hey, babe. Welcome home.”
“Welcome home? Welcome home! This is a hell of a thing to be welcomed home to! What were you thinking? Why are they here? What have you told them?” My blood is starting to boil.
“Tori, calm down. Just breathe.” She puts her hands on my shoulders to try to relax me. “I've invited them here for dinner. And for you to tell them about us. It's really time to tell them. We will have been together for one year next month.” She exaggerates on the word ‘one’ as if it were some magical number. “I'm tired of being your ‘roommate’, as you keep telling them.” She makes air quotes, rolling her eyes with annoyance as she says ‘roommate’ to me.
“Fayleigh, you're horrible with surprises. Don't ever give me a surprise birthday party,” I say, feeling my face starting to flush with anger. “I can't do this. I'm not ready to do this. How could you have been so stupid? Why didn't you talk to me about this instead of just springing it out of the blue on me?” I’m talking fast with anxiety at the thought of telling my parents about Fayleigh and me. 
I can see tears starting to pool up in her beautiful blue eyes as she quietly says, “I just love you so much. I don't want to hide my love for you anymore. You're my world, and my best friend. Am I not yours?” Her voice is full of hurt and wonder.
I pull her into my arms as the tears start running down her face. “I'm sorry I'm so angry. Of course; me too. I just didn't expect this. And frankly, I'm scared of their reaction,” I say more softly while letting her soft hair run through my fingers. “I see you've colored your hair again. I like this red. It's very dark, almost a reddish-auburn color.”
She looks up at me, tears slowly fading away, “Thank you. I really am sorry. I know you can do this. You're a strong-headed woman who knows what she wants. You tell them what you want is me, and I'll be there the whole time. No worries.” She kisses me softly on the cheek again. 
“Right, no worries. Let’s at least have dinner before I tell them. Maybe your cooking will win them over.” I take a deep breath and move to the front steps.







Chapter 2

“Rough day, Tori?” my mom asks, looking me in the eyes. “You look exhausted. Or like there's something bothering you.”
My mom knows me far too well. Not looking in her eyes, I tell her, “It's just been a really long day. Susie can't seem to remember her lines to save her life.”
“Well, Susie doesn't seem like she's the brightest crayon in the box,” replies my mom. “Fayleigh called and said she was making spaghetti for dinner tonight and invited your father and me over to join you.”
“Good choice for dinner, Fayleigh. Spaghetti is my dad's favorite dish,” I say to her with a little wink.
“The garlic toast is just about finished, then we can eat,” says Fayleigh with her big beautiful smile. “Lila, would you and Dan like some wine with this Italian dish?” 
“That sounds lovely, Fayleigh,” replies my mom. “Let me help you with that.” My mom always has to be doing something.
“Where's Dad at, Mom?”
“I'll give you one guess.”
“The theater room. You know if he's watching sports it’s going to be hard to get him out of there.”
“Well, you know, Tori, he thinks that is his room if I ever kick him out,” chuckles my mom.
Fayleigh puts the big bowl of spaghetti on the table with the garlic toast and four glasses of wine.
“Dan, get up here, dinner is finished,” shouts my mom down the stairs.
“On my way, dear,” replies my father sarcastically.
As the four of us sit down for dinner, and for what I am sure is to be a very unforgettable night, my mom inquires about how Fayleigh is liking her new job as a hairstylist.
“Oh, Lila, I just love it!” Fayleigh answers passionately. “It's never the same thing. Everyday there's a different style or color. And I just love being around people. I can safely say I've met some interesting ones, and I've only been there two weeks.” 
“Good for you, Fayleigh,” says my dad before taking another big bite of his spaghetti. “I always say you should choose a job you love and you will never work a day in your life.”
The rest of dinner we chat back and forth about work. The closer we’re getting to the end of our meal, I’m starting to feel really sick to my stomach. I can feel it twisting into knots, and I know it isn't Fayleigh's cooking. I grab my wine and take a big gulp, hoping for a little liquid courage.
“Fayleigh, I must say your spaghetti is one of the best I've ever had. Was that spaghetti sauce homemade?” asks my dad while rubbing his belly.
My dad isn't an overly muscular man, but he's in very good shape for his age. I know he'll be up at five o'clock sharp tomorrow morning to work off the carbs from this dinner.
“Yes, it's my great-grandmother's recipe,” replies Fayleigh while topping off my glass of wine. “Well, Dan, Lila I must confess there is a reason I invited you two here for dinner. Tori has something she would like to tell you.” 
If looks could kill, mine would have shot a dagger into Fayleigh instantly. I take another big gulp of wine and catch both my parents patiently staring at me over the rim of the wine glass.
Well here it goes. “Mom, Dad, I have something to tell you, and should have told you sooner, but I've been too scared.”
I look into both their eyes and shout out the words, “Fayleigh is not my roommate!” I take another big drink of wine and finish, saying a little more calmly, “Fayleigh is my lover. We have been dating for almost a year now.”
As clear as the words come out of my mouth, my father stands up and throws his plate at the wall next to Fayleigh. “Neferatari Victoria Lane, this is the worst thing you could have done to this family.” He storms out of my house, leaving behind my mom.
I look at the broken plate next to Fayleigh and then at my mom, whose jaw is about to hit the floor. My liquid courage has kicked in and is doing a great job of holding back my tears. “Please say something, Mom.” My mom and I are really close I can tell her almost anything, but I have no idea what she is thinking at this moment.
My mom walks over to me and says in a very calm voice, “Neferatari, I'm not sure if I'm more disappointed that I'm not going to have any grandkids from you, or that you've keep this from me for almost a year.”
I hear my front door whip back open. My father comes storming back into the room. “Lila, let’s go! I can't stand to see your daughter’s face right now! She has more issues than Times Magazine!” His face beet red, he storms back out the door.
“How about you and I meet for brunch tomorrow, so we can talk more?” asks my mom sympathetically. 
“I would love that, Mom.”
“I'll call you in the morning,” replies my mom, heading for the door.
I watch my mom shut the door behind her and I stand, staring at the closed front door for a minute.
Fayleigh quietly walks over and puts her arms around my waist. “Well, that didn't go how I expected it to.”
“Really?” I say to her, inflamed. “Because that went exactly how I expected it to go. You couldn't leave things alone. You couldn't just let me tell them on my time. My father is never going to speak to me again, and I know how much I've disappointed my mother.”
Fayleigh just looks at me, not saying a word. After a moment, she says, “Why don't you let me take your mind off this horrible night?” She leans forward and starts to kiss my neck ever so gently. Slowly she works her way up to my lips, bringing her hand under my hair, up to the back of my neck.
I should be very turned on right now. I'm usually the aggressor in this relationship, not Fayleigh. But my mind is not set on, and cannot be set on wanting to have sex. Not tonight.
Taking a step back from her I say, “Not tonight, Fayleigh. I just want to go sit in the bath for a while.” I leave her standing in the entryway, watching me walk away.
From the kitchen I grab the bottle of wine, filling my glass to the rim, then head for the bathroom.
Shutting the bathroom door behind me, I think how I really want to lock it. I just want to be alone with my thoughts. 
Though I want to, I won't lock it. I don't want Fayleigh to think I hate her. We've been together long enough now, she should know I want to be alone right now.
Running the bathwater, I add in extra bath oil and beads. I turn on the light to our thousand gallon saltwater fish tank for something to space out to. The fish tank divides our master bedroom and master bath, subbing as a wall. With all the rocks and corals in the tank, I don't have to worry about Fayleigh staring at me. Climbing into the tub, I set my glass of wine on the stand next to the tub. My bathtub could easily hold four people, so it takes a while to fill up. I take a sip of my way-too-full glass of wine before leaning back, leaving me alone to my thoughts.
Chapter 3

I wake the next morning to my phone ringing my mom's ringtone, “Lean on me” by Bill Withers. Ironic that's her ringtone, and it really suits in this situation.  
“Good morning, Mom. Are we still on for brunch?”
“Absolutely, Tori. Do you want to meet at The Breakfast House at say, ten o'clock?”
I'm so glad to hear her call me Tori. She only uses my first name now when she wants to make a point. “Okay, Mom, see you in about an hour.”
I wiggle out of bed and notice I slept so hard I didn't feel Fayleigh get out bed at seven, and I didn't hear her getting ready for work. 
I put on a pair of jeans, a comfy button-up shirt, and head for the bathroom to do something with this mess of hair. I settle for just putting it into a ponytail. 
After putting a little powder on my face, and some mascara, I head for the car. Todd, my day guard waves to me on my way toward the gates.

My mom is already at The Breakfast House when I arrive. With her back turned to me, I know it's her. She has the same color of dark brown hair as me. A little shorter, though, just below the shoulders. Whenever she has the option, she curls it into large, beautiful curls. I slide into the booth across from her.
A very well groomed, older waitress walks over to the table, “Could I get you something to drink, Dearie?” asks the waitress with a big smile.
“I would love a cup of coffee,” I say, emphasizing on the word love.
She wanders off and I look back at my mom. “So what sounds good to you, Mom?” I ask, not ready to talk yet - knowing the waitress will be back to take our order.
“I'm thinking pecan pancakes,” she says, reaching for her cup of coffee.
“That sounds really good. I think I'll have the same.”
Our waitress comes back with my coffee and we give her our order.
“So, Tori, are you ready to talk?”
“About as ready as I can be.” I give her a very fake smile, not showing any of my teeth. When it’s a real smile I show my teeth. 
“So tell me. How did you two meet?” asks my mom reluctantly.
“We met in college, at a rave.”
“Rave?” my mom questions. Rave is not in her vocabulary. 
“A party. I can tell you this was never planned. I wasn't out looking for a girlfriend. We were both dancing and bumped into each other. Unfortunately, we both had way too much to drink so one thing led to another.” I don't take my eyes off my mom as I'm telling her this. She's listening without any reaction. “Well the next morning I woke with Fayleigh next to me, and all I could think was, what have I done? I couldn't remember anything past bumping into her at the party.”
“So if you regretted your decision, how did you two end up a couple?” asks my mom inquisitively.
“I'm not the first girl Fayleigh has ever been with. So when she woke, she wasn't feeling awkward like I was. She put her arm around me and pulled me back into bed. We...well, um, had sex again. This time sober, and I guess you could say she knows what feels good, and I was hooked.” I can't help but to feel a little embarrassed to tell her that part, but there it was.
“It's very unusual to see two beautiful women dating. You with your long dark hair and green eyes, and Fayleigh with that stunning red hair and blue eyes. You're both skinny, and you're both well off in the chest area. You two are any man’s dream. Lipstick Lesbians, I think they call it,” says my mom, trying very hard to hold back a smile. 
I'm surprised my mom has heard that term before.
“Honestly, Tori,” she says, very straight-faced, “I'm just amazed you kept this from me. I thought we were closer.”
I look down at my coffee with regret for not telling my mom sooner.
My mom puts her hand on mine and says, “I had a girlfriend when I was your age, too.” I almost give myself whiplash looking back up at her. “Don't you dare tell your father. What he don't know won't hurt him,” she says with a sheepish smile.
I am absolutely speechless. My mom had a girlfriend, what else don't I know about my mom? 
“Why did you and your girlfriend break up?” I ask the first thing that pops into my head.
“I realized I was sexually confused, and I think you are, too. This stage will pass,” she says with certainty. “If I wouldn't have realized my mistake in being with someone of the same sex, I never would have met your father, and I never would have had you.” 
My father's anger from last night flashes through my head. “Do you think he will ever forgive me?” I ask, doleful.
“Your father will come around. Give him some time. He's used to seeing this with the actresses around us, but none of them are his daughter.”
“What do you think Dad would do if he found out you had a girlfriend?”
“Honestly, I think your father would want details,” she says, chuckling to herself. 
The waitress brings over our pecan pancakes and refills our coffee, pausing our conversation until she is out of hearing range.  
“Your five year class reunion is tomorrow. Are you going to take Fayleigh with you?” asks my mom, cutting into her pancakes.
“I haven't really thought about it. I'm leaning towards no. We've been keeping this a secret so long I think it's going to take me some time to get used to being open about it in public.”
My mom finishes her bite then says, “That's probably best. What if you run into your old boyfriend and he wants to pick things up where they left off before you two went to college?”
I can see where my mom's mind is. She's thinking if I don't take Fayleigh maybe I'll meet someone there and then end up breaking up with her. “Joseph and I are definitely not now nor ever getting back together. We broke up because he wanted freedom in college. In other words, he wanted to screw as many girls as he could with no regrets.”
“Not all men are pigs,” replies my mom, thinking of nothing else to say. She takes another sip of her coffee then asks in a very quiet whisper, “Have you heard from the Master Overlord lately, to do any assassinations?”
I whisper back, “Not in almost three months. It's kind of weird. You think the vampires are finally getting themselves under control?” I’ve only been assassinating vampires for the last three years. In those three, years the Master Overlord contacts me about every month to assassinate a vampire who is completely out of control. On my own I have assassinated almost three dozen vampires whom I've caught trying to kill, hypnotize, or take blood from an unknowing human. 
“Don't hold your breath,” says mom in a normal tone.
“I haven't assassinated any vampires on my own either,” I whisper to her. “I'm guessing I haven't been in hearing range to help someone fight off a vampire. And you and I both know I can hear a long distance away. Could I lose my immortality because I haven't killed any vampires recently?”
“Oh, honey, you won't lose your immortality until after your first born child turns eighteen,” whispers my mom back to me. “That is assuming you have kids.” She scrunches her face at the thought of me staying with Fayleigh and never having kids. “When your first born turns eighteen, you'll lose your immortality and you will start to age like any other human being. So plan on having a baby when you are ready to retire from assassinating vampires. Being born into this family gives you no choice but to be a vampire assassin. Once you gain the immortality that is passed down to you, the only way out is by having a baby, death from having you heart ripped out alive and burned, being decapitated then set on fire, or by acts of mother nature. If you're dumb enough to go out in a tornado and you get sucked up in it, then of course you're not going to survive.” 
The thought of having my heart ripped out alive and burned sends chills down my spine. 
“As we've talked about before, your kind of immortality does not limit you to being injured by someone. However, you do heal much faster than if you were human. So avoid going to the hospital whenever possible.” She pauses and thinks for a moment. “When I was pregnant with you, I still had all my immortal abilities.”
I soak that in for a moment then ask her, “Do you miss it? Being immortal?”
“Sometimes. But your father and I don't regret having you. We've both always wanted a baby. Since we aged so slowly when we were immortal, your father and I both agreed we would wait at least 100 years before we started trying to have kids. We didn't have to try long before I was blessed with you,” says my mom, looking off into space, as if she's remembering her past.  
I let her space out for a little bit. When she looks back at me, I say, “Maybe the vampires are moving to a different state. Wouldn't that be nice?”
“That would be nice. But you and I both know that's not what's going on here. Vegas is one of the most prominent places for vampires to live. They can walk openly among the people here, not having to hide themselves, or get a spray-on tan to blend in, since they're not the only weird looking ones in Vegas.” My mom looks around The Breakfast House. “Look across the restaurant from us,” says my mom, tilting her head in the direction to look. “There's a guy dressed as Captain Jack Sparrow eating with Michael Jackson. Pale people with odd colored eyes who occasionally show fangs aren't that weird here,” expresses my mom.
“Good point,” I reply. 
“Fayleigh has no idea about your other life-style, does she?” asks my mom, sounding a little paranoid.
“I haven't told Fayleigh a thing, and she hasn't clued in on anything. The stunt double job prevents her from asking where I get my cuts and bruises, and why I look like I was just running through a dust storm. She's also never questioned my strength. She figures it's because I have to be strong to do some of the stunts.” I flex my bicep at my mom jokingly. “Besides, I don't think I would tell her unless we decided to get married.” 
My mom's face turns sober. “I don't foresee you and Fayleigh ever getting married, since it's not legal in Nevada.”
I stare at my mom for a moment and then say snobbishly, “We don't have to get married in Nevada. There are currently eight states that allow gay marriage. We could get married in New York and then go sightseeing.”
“Have you two talked about marriage?” asks my mom, looking heart broken.
“No, Mom, Fayleigh and I have not talked about marriage; at all. In fact,” I start to say, pausing to think if what I'm going to tell her is truly how I feel, “I have no interest in getting married right now. I'm only twenty-one. I'm just too young to think about that.”
“That's good to hear. Your father and I dated for almost seven years before we got married.”
We finish our pancakes, chatting a little more. Things between my mom and I are fine, but my dad is going to need some time.
After breakfast, my mom heads off for work, while I set out to find something to wear to my class reunion. 
I'm so glad I have the whole day off to shop. With the extra time I have, I think I'll stop and get a manicure and a pedicure too. I was planning on doing my shopping after work, but I knew my choice of shops would have been limited if I got done working late. 
After four hours of shopping, and an hour break for my Mani/Pedi, I think I've found the perfect thing to wear to the class reunion. It's hard to find something for a classy dinner, but something I can still wear to the bar afterwards. Having more confidence in myself and my body than I did in high school really helped me make my choice.

By the time I've made it home, I notice it's close to five o'clock. I wonder if I should make dinner, or if we should just have left-overs, or maybe I should throw in a pizza.  
Maybe left-overs isn't a good idea after last night. I'll just put in a pizza. Fayleigh should be home soon, and she's usually hungry after work.
Fayleigh walks in the door with perfect timing. The oven timer is going off. The pizza is finished. 
“Hi, honey,” I shout over the beeping timer.
I don't hear a reply from Fayleigh, just her setting her purse down.
I turn off the timer and pull the pizza out of oven before walking around the corner to her, where she's fidgeting with her phone.
“Everything okay, hun?” I ask, knowing damn well she's mad about something.
“Not really,” she barks at me. “Last night you made me feel like the big bad wolf, and when I tried to make it up to you, you pushed me away, and went to take a bath. Leaving me to clean up the mess your father threw against the wall and going to bed by myself,” she says, almost yelling.
“Wow! You're mad at me? You have absolutely no right to be mad at me after what you put me through last night,” I shout back at her.
“Well excuse me for trying to take our relationship to the next level. Any normal relationship isn't hidden from family and friends. Tessa never hid our relationship from anyone. She was proud to show me off!”
I hate when she talks about her ex-girlfriend. I feel like she's always comparing me to her. 
“And,” she chimes, not quite finished, “she was a better lover than you.”
What a sock to the gut. I can feel my anger raging through my body, as it’s pushed over the edge. My hand raising quickly from my side is a blur as I slap Fayleigh as hard as I humanly can in the face.
Not expecting that reaction from me, she grabs her face with shock pooling in her eyes, then slaps me back.
We've never laid a hand on each other in anger, so when my anger seems to dissipate into the air as a feeling of lust rushes over me, I react to the way my body is feeling. I grab the back of Fayleigh's red hair and pull her into me, kissing her with more passion than I knew I had in me, and more passion than I’ve ever showed her. 
My lust spills through my lips into hers as she laces her fingers through the back of my hair and pulls, not breaking our kiss. Pulling harder on the back of her hair, her head has no choice but to tilt back, exposing her neck. Biting her neck ruthlessly, she gasps sucking in a painful breath of air. 
In one swift move she rips my shirt wide open along with my front-fastened bra. I shove her backwards onto our fainting sofa, yanking her shirt off over her head as she is falling backwards onto the soft cushion.  
I'm ripping at the buttons on her jeans as she starts to suck on my nipples, at the same time she’s digging her nails deep into my back, making my back feel hot to the sting of her nails in my skin. Not pausing, I yank her jeans down her legs in one swift pull. 
Her teeth graze my shoulder before biting hard into it as I’m unfastening her bra. My lips lock around her nipple, sucking it hard into my mouth, bringing it to a hard small point before biting down on it. Screams of pleasure leave her mouth as she drops her head back, pressing her breasts out towards me. Moving over to the other nipple, I move my hand down to her clit and start massaging. She starts to breathe heavily as she shouts, “Yes, Tori!”
I massage her clit faster, letting my middle finger slip without prediction inside her wetness, while flicking at her nipple with my wet tongue. I look up at her and say in a very sexy voice, “Cum for me, Fayleigh.” Quickly I slip three fingers inside of her. She stops breathing for a second and I can feel her insides tighten around my fingers. Just before she cums on me, I bite her other nipple, harder than the first one. 
“Ahhaaahhaaa! Yes, Tori, Yes, yes!” screams Fayleigh, loud enough to vibrate her pleasure-filled screams off the walls. Pounding her harder she cums again, and again. 
Quickly she sits up, shoving me backwards onto the floor. 
She wiggles my snug jeans down my legs then rushes back up to my lips, kissing me hard. Her aggression has an unintentional moan leaving my lips. She moves to my ear, then begins trailing kisses down my neck. She pauses at my breasts to suck hard on each one, continues down to my navel and lightly tugs on my belly ring. Moving further down my body, she takes in a big huff of me, proceeded by flicks of her wet tongue against my clit. She sucks on my lips, and then inserts her tongue into my pussy, circling it around, sucking on it and circling again, repeating this over, and over. She puts one hand on my breast and pinches my nipple hard, while putting her other hand just above my clit, barley touching it with only her thumb, she massages slowly. 
I can feel my blood and heat rushing to my lower body. Bringing me slowly into a climax of breath-taking pleasure. As I begin to orgasm she pinches my nipple harder, making me orgasm again. 
“Oh yes, don't stop!” I shout heavily. She shoves her tongue inside me as deep as it will go and lets out a breath of hot air, sending me into a third orgasm. “Holy shit, your tongue feels so good inside me,” I say breathlessly.  
Fayleigh looks up at me with a big smile, then brings herself up to lay on top of me, snuggling her face into my neck, giving it little wet kisses. 
I wrap my arms around her as we lay in silence, still in a trance from some of the most aggressive, yet unbelievably pleasurable sex we’ve ever had.  
Fayleigh shivers on top of me so I reach up to the back of the sofa, pulling down the chiffon blanket she got for me last Christmas. Covering us up, we both drift off into a heavy, deep sleep in each other’s arms. 







Chapter 4

I find myself wide awake at midnight, needing to use the bathroom. “Fayleigh,” I say in a whisper. “Let’s go lie in our bed.”
Not even half awake, she zombie-walks back into the bedroom with the blanket wrapped around her. 
My cheek feels really warm. Turning on the bathroom light, I look at it in the mirror. My cheek is bright pink from where Fayleigh slapped me. I hope that's gone by the time I leave for my class reunion tomorrow. 
I'm sure hers is just as pink, if not closer to red. I put a lot more force behind my slap than I had control of. Starting to recall why I slapped her in the first place, I wonder if she really thinks Tessa was a better lover than I am? A heavy weight settles into my stomach, as if someone just punched me in the gut. I want to ask her in the morning, but I'm sure she won't be honest. Did she say it just to hurt me? Well, it definitely hurt. I could never say something like that to her – then again I've never had a girlfriend before Fayleigh. 
I take care of business then climb into bed, snuggling up to Fayleigh's naked warm body. 

The morning wakes me to Fayleigh humming in the kitchen. 
I'm so comfy, I'm not ready to get up. Pulling the blankets up over my breasts I turn to my side. 
I can hear Fayleigh humming down the hall, heading to our room. 
“Good morning, sleepy head,” she says with a big smile, and a rather red cheek. “I've made us breakfast in bed.” She shuffles over to me in her very tiny plum robe, and leans forward to set the bed tray over my lap. I can see the edge of her nipple just starting to peek out of the robe. 
She turns away to head back to the kitchen for her tray.
I can see the bottom of her nice round ass cheeks peeking out from under her robe. “Nice view.” I lean a little to watch her walk down the hall.
She giggles and hums her way back down the hall to the kitchen.
Returning with her bed tray, she scoots in beside me.
“Thanks for breakfast, hun,” I say, looking down at the sausage, eggs and French toast she put in front of me. “Looks great.”
She looks at me with a half-smile, then looks down at her food. 
I watch her as she slowly picks up her fork, hesitating to start eating. She looks up at me and says with a small tear in her eye, “I'm so sorry for what I said last night. It was completely out of line. I never should have said it, and I truly didn't mean it.”
I really hope she's telling me the truth. “I forgive you,” I say, putting my hand on the cheek I slapped last night. “Can you forgive me for slapping you?”
“I deserved it. I really crossed a line last night, and I'm very sorry,” she says, putting her hand over mine.
I think to myself, yes you definitely deserved it. I say, “I never should have slapped you. No matter how angry I was.”
“Well,” she starts, “it ended well. I can't remember us having as much passion for each other as we did last night.”
I lean over and kiss her cheek. “Thank you again for making breakfast.”
“It's the least I can do to say I'm sorry.”
Eating breakfast, we are both feeling much better about us.
“Want to take a bath with me?” I ask Fayleigh after finishing breakfast.
“I would love to.” She tugs on the tie of her robe and lets it fall to the ground. “I'll run the bath-water if you want to take the trays back to the kitchen.”
“Deal.” I wiggle my way out of the bed and carry the trays back to the kitchen.
I cross through our bedroom into the master bathroom. Still naked from the night before, I climb into the tub with Fayleigh.
Our bath is very relaxing. We don't really talk much, we are just relaxed and happy to be together.
“What time is your reunion?” Fayleigh asks while toweling herself dry.
“It starts at three, dinner is at five, and then everyone is going next door to the bar after dinner. What time is it now?”
Fayleigh looks around the corner at the bedroom clock and says, ”It's almost eleven. Do you know how you would like me to do your hair?”
“I'm wearing a cocktail dress with spaghetti straps. It has a low V-cut, showing plenty of cleavage. I was thinking of having you curl it in big curls like my mom likes to wear her hair. What do you think?”
“I think hair down would be good, since you don't want to look too formal,” she says, walking over to the closet. “What do you think I should wear to your reunion?”
My heart skips a beat. Oh no! She thinks she's going? How do I tell her I don't want her to come? I don't mind if she comes, but I don’t want to go as a couple. Which doesn’t sound any better than “I don't want you to come.” We haven't talked about her coming at all with me to my class reunion. “Um, Fayleigh, we didn't really talk about you coming with me to my class reunion,” I say softly.
Fayleigh walks back around the corner into the bathroom with a disappointed look on her face and stares at me. “I didn't think it was something we would have to talk about. You don't want me to go with you?” 
“Well, it's not that I don't want you to go with me. It's just, I don't want to go as a couple,” I say, cringing as the words are coming out of my mouth. 
Her face starts to turn red with anger and her eyes fill with tears. I finish by saying, “Also I didn't get you a dinner ticket. They're not expecting me to bring a guest.”
The tears that were filling in her eyes vanish quickly as she says, “Really, Neferatari?!”
Oh shit, she has never - and I mean never - called me Neferatari. I'm hearing that name a lot lately.
“Nothing has changed after last night. You're still ashamed of me aren't you? We can't have a relationship like this.” She continues by saying, “If you aren't willing to take me to your class reunion and introduce me as your girlfriend, why are we still together? Your parents know now. This should no longer be a big secret.” She storms out of the bathroom and heads back to the closet. 
I grab my towel wrap, following her out of the bathroom. “Fayleigh, I'm not embarrassed by you. I'm just scared of the reactions I'm going to get. People are so judgmental.”  
She steps into a pair of jeans and looks at me, “Why do you care what everyone else thinks? It's not like you’re friends with any of them, or even talk to any of them anymore.” She puts on a T-shirt and stomps out of the bedroom.
“Where are you going?” I ask, following her out of the bedroom.
“The salon asked me to work today and I told them I had plans to go to a class reunion. But since my girlfriend is ashamed to be seen with me, I'm going to call and let them know there's been a change in plans and I can work. You can find someone else to do your hair, because I'm sure as hell not doing it for you,” she says, picking up her phone to call the salon.
“Fayleigh, I would like you to come with me.”
“Just not as your girlfriend, right?” she replies, gripping her phone tighter.
I pause to think before I say something else to piss her off.
“That's what I thought,” she says, stomping out of the room and down to the lower level of the house.
I sit down on the sofa, dropping my head in my hands and think how much further I can insert my foot into my mouth. How can I make this right? I could just invite her, but there's no use now. She would just be in a bad mood the entire night because she would know I really don't want her there.
I head back to the bathroom to pull out the large curlers so they can start warming up, before beginning to dry my hair. I know Fayleigh won't be back upstairs until she's ready to leave. The lower level of our house is sixty two hundred square feet. It has a fully stocked bar, a theater room, a pool table, shuffleboard, dartboard, it's an all-around game/party room. There are four doors down there, one door to a bathroom with just a toilet and a sink. There's a door right next to the bathroom that leads to my own personal gym. One door next to the bar exits out to the backyard where there's a twenty-by-forty foot in-ground pool, and a ten-person hot tub. The hot tub doesn't get used nearly as much as the pool since it's usually hot in Nevada. Just beyond the hot tub and the pool is a twenty thousand gallon koi pond with a waterfall. I had a lot of underground sprinklers installed so I could have a large forest and a huge flower garden planted out there. The garden reminds me of something you would see at the queen's palace in England, which is the theme I was shooting for when I hired the gardeners to plant it. The last door on our lower level is connected to our fully-stocked guest house. Our guest house has two master bedrooms and two master bathrooms, plus three more bedrooms, a kitchen, and a living room. Fayleigh has a closet full of clothes in one of the bedrooms. They couldn't all fit in our walk-in closet up stairs. Mostly because I'm a closet hog. She also has makeup and curlers in one of the guest bathrooms. She has everything she needs in the guest house to get ready for work. 
As I dry my hair, I just keep thinking to myself, how can I make this right? Honestly, I need to not worry about it right now. I've got a class reunion to get ready for and I would like to have fun at the reunion by not worrying about Fayleigh. We'll sort this out when I get home tonight.
It's not even noon yet and I would really like a glass of wine to calm my nerves. I don't know what has me more worked up, my fight with Fayleigh, or seeing all my old classmates. Also, possibly seeing my ex Joseph, and maybe my old high school crush, Ryder Seff. I met Ryder my junior year of high school. He's two years older than me; however, since I graduated early, we graduated together.
I finish drying my hair, grab my hairbrush, and head to the kitchen for a glass of wine. 
Pouring myself a half a glass of wine should help calm my nerves. Taking my wine in one hand, while brushing my hair with the other I head back to the bathroom. 
Luckily I don't need Fayleigh’s help to do my hair the way I want it. I'm used to doing my own hair and makeup when I'm doubling for someone in the movies. One of the professional makeup artists will do a touch up on what I've already done, but afterward they always say I do a nice job and it makes their job easier. 
I sip my wine while waiting for the curlers to finish warming up.
My cheek isn't pink anymore from Fayleigh’s slap. If it would have been, I know my foundation and blush would have covered up what little pink was left.
After rolling the curlers snug into my hair, I get started on my makeup. I'm really glad I had the extra time to get a manicure and a pedicure. My red nails are going to match perfectly with my cocktail dress. 
Finishing up my makeup, I take a moment to admire how well I did. Turning the bathroom TV on, I sit down on the edge of the bathtub, sipping my wine, waiting for the curlers to go cold before taking them out. There's a funny comedy on TV, which is a perfect addition to help me relax. 
One by one, I start to pull the curlers out. Heading back into the bedroom, I believe I’m ready to put on my dress.
Looking at myself in the full length mirror, I think to myself, thank God I have more confidence in myself. There is no way you would have caught me wearing this dress five years ago. 
The dress is a perfect red, it shows plenty of cleavage, there's a black mesh lace laid over the red just on the breast area, and the spaghetti straps. The lace stops at the top of the shoulder before turning back to the red by itself. I bought a pair of high heels to match the top of the dress, red with black mesh lace over them.
It took me longer to get ready than I expected. Looking at the clock after putting on my high heels, it reads 1:30 p.m. Maybe I should have something to eat before the reunion. Dinner isn't till five. I know I'll be hungry well before then if I don't eat something now.
I kick off my high heels and put a robe on over my dress, deciding I don't want to take any chances of getting something on it. Heading to the kitchen, I think to myself, maybe I'll have a ham salad sandwich. 
The pizza from last night is still sitting on the counter, untouched. That can be thrown away, it can't be good anymore. Tossing the pizza into the garbage, I grab some bread to make my sandwich.
Over the intercom comes Todd’s voice, our day guard. “Ms. Lane, there's a Dallas Hansom here to see you. Should I buzz him in?” Todd is one of my newest employees.
“Yes, Todd. Dallas is always welcome here, he's my best friend. We'll be riding to the class reunion together,” I say, smiling. I just can't help but smile anytime someone says his last name, Hansom. I've thought of Dallas as very handsome since the first day I met him. We met senior year when he was transferred to my high school. Dallas has natural bleach blondee hair, blue eyes, and perfect teeth (from years of having braces). He's not much taller than I am. Maybe five foot eight inches at most. He not muscular, but he is in good shape, weighing about 160 pounds. I'm one of very few people who has seen Dallas in lazy day clothes. He always dresses nice. Even on days he's wearing jeans, he still puts on a nice, dressy button-up shirt or a polo, and penny loafers or Doc Martens. I'm also one of few people who truly knows the real Dallas Hansom. Dallas reminds me of someone with multiple personalities. Dallas is gay, but he hides it from his family and some of his friends. In high school, I always had this feeling he might be gay. I caught him checking out some guys a couple times at the football games. Finally I confronted him about it one night after going to a movie with him, in a rather mischievous way, I might add. He drove me home after the movie and before I got out of the car, I grabbed his face with both hands, laid a kiss on him, smack-dab on the lip and said, “Dallas, I'm madly in love with you. I can't picture myself with anyone else, and I want to lose my virginity to you. Please tell me you feel the same about me.”
The look on his face was absolutely priceless. His jaw about hit the seat and his fair skin turned whiter than normal, before turning a blushing red.
Though I tried hard, I couldn't hold my need to giggle any longer. When I busted up laughing, his face went from blushing red to two shades darker before he asked, “How long have you known? I can't believe you just did that to me. I had no idea how to respond if you were being serious.”
From that day forward we have been best friends. He knows all of my secrets and I know all of his. As a matter of fact, the secrets we hold on each other could make a movie if they ever came out. Truth be told, most of our secrets occur when we're together. Any time we gain a new secret between us, we always say, “A good friend will bail you out of jail, but a best friend will be sitting next to you saying, “’Damn that was fun.’” We know each other better than we know ourselves. 
When Dallas is around anyone who knows he is gay, he gets to be himself. The best way for me to describe Dallas when he is truly being himself is drama queen. He exaggerates everything, good or bad. When he's being himself, he gets that happy gay voice going, swaying the hips as he talks with the flick of the hand every now and then. Sometimes he crosses over to a valley girl talk. While some people cross to a Southern accent; Dallas goes valley girl. If he's around anyone who doesn't know he is gay, he gets this really strange very deep manly voice. His posture is perfectly straight, and he's very formal. He talks with a lot of knowledge when he's the “straight” Dallas. I tried to encourage him to come out to his family, but I gave up when he got upset with my encouragement one day. He said to me, “Tori, I like who I am. Even if it seems to you I'm not being true to myself, this is how I want to live my life.” 
Since then, he has also told me he likes to live this way, because he gets to be more than one person. He experiences things he wouldn't try if he was openly gay. For example, going zip-lining. Dallas would definitely pull the drama queen card about zip-lining if he was openly gay. I can just picture him saying, “No way am I getting on that death-trap. You gost'a be out of yo mind, girl,” all while swaying his hips and shaking his finger at me. I giggle at the thought.
I haven't seen Dallas in almost a week, he's been in Cancun for vacation. I get a couple bites of my sandwich in before Dallas finally makes it to the front door.
My front door creaks open, and I hear Dallas say, “Honey, I'm home,” in his excited gay voice.
I jumped up from my seat at the kitchen table to give him a big hug. “I've missed you! You got a nice tan. How was Cancun?” I ask, not letting go yet.
He leans back from my embrace and says, “Oh, girl, let me tell you, I've never seen so many good looking guys in one place. I was drooling all over myself every time a good looking guy walked by. You missed out on some great eye candy.”
“I'm sure I did. Next time you and I will go,” I say, wishing I could have went this time. Since I’ve been doubling in a movie, I can't just pick up and leave for vacation. They would replace me before they put the movie on hold waiting for me to return. 
Taking his hand, I lead him to the kitchen. “I was just having a ham salad sandwich, would you like one?”
Dallas tilts his head at me as if he's trying to figure something out. “So,” he starts, “are you and Fayleigh fighting?”
How does he know this? We are best friends, but wow. “How did you know?”
“Girl, I found this note on the door from Fayleigh. Seems like a stupid place to leave it, but I'm guessing she was hoping you wouldn't get this until you got home from your class reunion. She says: 

Don't wait up for me, I'll be going out after work. 
I won't be coming to bed with you tonight. 
I'll be sleeping in the guest house.
If I decide to come home!
Fayleigh
P.S.
I hope you had a terrible time at your class reunion!

“So are you going to tell me about it, or leave me in the dark? Don't leave me in the dark, girl. I need caught up on what's been going on since I've been gone,” says Dallas, crossing his arms and tapping his foot.
I enlighten Dallas about Fayleigh inviting my parents for dinner so I can tell them about her and me.
“Oh, honey, I would have been pissed. Go on,” chimes in Dallas. He's not a quiet listener, he always has to get his two cents in.
I tell him about her being pissed because I wanted to be alone after my parents left. Then I tell him about her comparing me to Tessa, and that I slapped her for it, leading to some of the best sex we have ever had.
Dallas puts up his hand to cut me off. “Tori, statistics say you should never have sex when you're angry and/or makeup sex. It's always the best sex, and you'll find yourself fighting with Fayleigh more just to have sex that good every time. Trust me, I know from experience, and look where I am now, single again.”
Thinking about that for a minute, I continue on to our fight this morning. “I've really put my foot in my mouth this time.”
Dallas scrunches his face at me and says, “You've done no such thing. She had no right forcing you to tell your parents about you and her. You should have slapped her for that, too. She's forcing you to change who you are too quickly. You have every right to not want her to go to our class reunion. I'd like to slap her myself. You would be so much better off without her. Like I've told you before, Tori, I've always felt she was using you for your money.”
“I find that hard to believe. She had no idea when we were in college that my family has a lot of money. She also had no idea I would be as wealthy as my parents.”
“She also has no idea that the majority of yours and your family's wealth is not from being stunt doubles, but from being vampire assassins. You told me yourself you don't think you would tell Fayleigh about your second life, even if you two were married. What kind of relationship is that? You should be with someone who worships the ground you walk on, treats you like the goddess you are, and you deserve to be with someone you can't wait to share your second life with,” says Dallas, straight forward as always.
Dallas found out about my second life completely by chance. He has this amazing ability of premonition dreams, meaning, he dreams of things that are true or will come true. He dreams of things he may not have known about someone, and about things that will happen in the future. More often than not, he dreams of things that have already happened. Generally he doesn't dream at all unless it's something that is real or will become real at some point. He had a dream one night about me running through a forest during a winter night, chasing something at unnatural speeds. He was surprised to discover I was chasing a vampire. He told me he had no idea it was a vampire until it started hissing its sharp fangs at me, just before I staked it in the heart. Blood splattered the white snow, before the vampire turned to ash. That was one of the assassinations that took me all the way to Minnesota on a horrible winter night. Dallas and I had planned to go to a movie that night, but I had to cancel on him. He said the beginning of his dream that night was me canceling our movie date, then it jumped to me chasing that vampire.
He had a dream a few nights later about me fighting a vampire in a parking lot. He told me I looked like a master Taekwondo fighter. He couldn’t believe how fast I could block the vampire’s kicks, and the amount of strength he saw from me was stunning. He explained how I finally got the upper hand on the vampire when I threw him through the windshield of my 1976 Camaro. The vampire got stuck in the glass. I pulled him out by his head, ripping it from his shoulders. When he described his dreams to me in deep detail, it surprised me to find that the vampires he described were vampires I had already killed.
Amazingly, I found out about his talent in high school. Even more surprising yet, he thankfully never had a dream about me or my family. That is not until I turned eighteen and gained my powers to be a vampire assassin. I received permission from my parents to tell Dallas our family secret. To my surprise, he took it very well and has never even come close to slipping up about us to anyone.
There are only five people who know about Dallas's talent. His parents, my parents, and me. He's never told another living soul. He's afraid the government would lock him up, do tests on him, and use his ability to benefit them.
“You’re right,” I say in response to his kind comments. “I just haven't pictured myself with anyone else since Fayleigh and I started dating.”
“Tori, you know I am one of the last people who would ever judge you for dating someone of the same sex, and I'm telling you this because you are my best friend, and I know you better than anyone else.”
“Sometimes you know me better than I know myself,” I point out.
“Right, so forgive me for saying you really should be with a man. You're a very strong and independent woman who doesn't take shit from anyone. Don't you feel like you’re the man in this relationship? You've never experienced what it's like to be with a real man, someone who can sweep you off your feet, make love to you like he's never going to see you again, and can accept and want to be a part of your second life.”
“I would love to be in a relationship like my parents. No secrets, they enjoyed their choice to be vampire assassins together, and they can talk openly about it,” I say, kind of in a daydream about the possibilities. 
“Enough with this turmoil.” He breaks me from my thoughts. “How drop-dead sexy do I look for our class reunion?” asks Dallas, lightening the mood.
“Why, Mr. Hansom, you look very handsome.”
“You know, you’re the only one who can say that without it getting on my nerves,” he says with a slight smile. “Well, which one of your beautiful cars are we going to take? Or do you want to take the limo?”
“No limo. I'm thinking Shelby needs let out of the garage.” My 1968 Shelby Ford Mustang happens to be one of my favorite cars. 
“Anyone in particular you’re showing that car off to?” he asks, already knowing who I have in mind. “I already....” He stops mid-sentence and grabs me by the shoulders. “Tori, your eyes are turning jet-black.” 



Chapter 5

“Since I know you're not trying to hypnotize me, can I assume the head vampire is going to be breaking through your thoughts?” he asks.
“I thought things were looking a little blurry,” I say, sitting back down in the kitchen chair, just in time for my vision to completely go black and my hearing to go silent.

“Neferatari, there's going to be an imposter at your class reunion tonight. He's going to pretend to be a part of your class. His name is Jack Hense. He has gotten a spray-on tan and he's put in colored contacts so no one will question his appearance.” The Master Overlord sends a mental vision to me of Jack. “He is planning on hypnotizing a girl there named Capri Callington. He's not going to give her a love bite. He plans to drain all of her blood, then turn her into a vampire. Do not let him leave with her. Take care of this problem before he gets out of control. Do you comply?”
“Yes sir, this shouldn't be a problem.”
“I'll know when the job is finished.”

Of course he'll know when the job is finished. He's the Master Overlord to all the vampires because he's the oldest walking vampire, the richest vampire, and he has many magical abilities. The first blue moon of each century he gains a new power. That goes for all vampires, but since he's the oldest one, he has the most power, and power over all other vampires. 
I open my eyes, and my vision is slowly coming back. “Are my eyes back to normal?” I ask Dallas.
“Not quite. You know when your eyes turn black it creeps me out. It's not just the green in your eyes that turn black, even the whites in your eyes turn black.” He shows a small shiver from the creepy feeling he has. “What's going on?” 
“When the Master Overlord talks to me telepathically I can't hear anything that's going on around me, and my entire vision goes black, including my eyes. It’s so I can focus only on what he is saying, and get any visuals he sends to me telepathically.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know that. Are you going to tell me what's going on?” asks Dallas impatiently.
“He has just informed me of an imposter that will be at our class reunion, pretending to be someone who graduated with us. Do you remember Capri Callington?” Not giving him the chance to answer I continue, “Well this imposter plans to hypnotize Capri, drain her, and then he's planning on bringing her back as a vampire. If he drains her of all her blood, she will be a lifeless vampire. No personality. More like a walking zombie. With only one thing in her mind: Blood!” 
Dallas gets an excited look on his face. “Okay, so how are you going to do this? There's going to be a lot of people there. It's not like you can just walk up and stake him.”
“I'm not sure.” I put my elbow on the kitchen table to rest my head in my hand and think. “Maybe, if I'm lucky, he has a thing for cars. It doesn’t matter if they're dead or alive; if a man loves cars, he will always love cars. I just might be able to lure him in with Shelby.” 
“Do you want me to hide in the backseat and pop up and stake him?” asks Dallas, excited and making a small stabbing action.
“He'll smell you, Dallas,” I say, rolling my eyes but smiling. I think about that for a moment. “But that's not a bad idea. You can just ride with us, and then when the time is right, you can stake him. I hate to put your life at risk, though.”
“Tori, I love when I get the chance to help you. We'll be in the car, this stab should be a breeze,” says Dallas, grinning from ear to ear.
Dallas has helped me three times when I've assassinated a vampire. The first one, he was bait to a gay vampire. We were at a gay bar, and Dallas lured the vampire outside into a dark backstreet. Dallas let the guy think he wanted to have sex with him. The vampire planned on doing more than having sex with Dallas. Before he could bend his neck to drop his fangs into Dallas’s neck, I rushed by, decapitating the bloodthirsty vampire. 
The second time was very interesting. Dallas was in the wrong place at the wrong time, but we learned something even my parents didn't know. At the time Dallas worked at a club as a drag queen. I stopped at the club to pick him up for dinner after one of his shows. I needed to use the bathroom and there's a small one in the far back of the club that only the employees and regulars know about. I came out of one of the stalls eye to eye with a vampire. She lunged at me and I shoved her back with full force into the mirror above the sink. As she hit the mirror, it shattered around her. With wonderful timing, Dallas came through the door, still dressed in drag, and she lunged for him. I tossed the stake at him, and as he was falling to the ground, he caught the stake, stuck the flat side to his chest, and she landed on it. His reflexes were immortality fast.
That was the day I found out I could share my immortal powers with a human during a fight. Dallas gained another personality that day. There's the gay Dallas, the straight, smart Dallas, and then there's a combat-fighting Dallas. We officially got to test out my ability to share my powers the following night when I was in a fight with two vampires at the same time, which was the third time he had helped me. I have sensitive hearing, great eyesight, I'm fast, and I have tremendous strength. Dallas gained all four abilities during that fight. But he only had it during the fight. Once the vampires were dead, he was back to being just Dallas.
He was able to take on one vampire while I took on the other. The downside to being able to share my immortality is I can only share it with a pure human being. Though my parents are human now, they haven't always been. They are over one hundred years old and they look like they're only in their forties. Clearly not pure human. The other really big downside, Dallas doesn't gain my ability to cheat death. Before he was able to kill the vampire he was fighting, the vampire managed to slice his arm open with his dagger-like nails. He bled and it hurt him the same way it would me, but he had to get stitches and it took him a human amount of time to heal. 
“I have to get my heels, then we can go,” I say, smiling devilishly back at him.
“I can't wait to see what you've got on hiding under that robe. I'm sure you're going to turn some heads.” Dallas pauses for a moment then adds, “Don't forget your assassin bag.”
“Good call,” I shout down the hall to him. I have a duffel bag full of different vampire assassin tools. Stakes, holy water, crosses, silver crosses filled with holy water. Those are fun to use. A cross and holy water alone will only burn a vampire. If you put holy water in a cross made of silver, then shove it in their heart, that will kill them. In my duffel bag I also carry silver chains (about the thickness of a necklace, but long enough to tie up a vampire), and my snub nose Glock, loaded with silver bullets. 
Silver is tricky when it comes to vampires. Unless you shoot a hollow point silver bullet into their brain, silver alone does not kill a vampire, but it definitely slows them down. A silver bullet shot anywhere other than in the brain will slowly start to burn them, causing as much pain as if they were trapped in a slow burning house with no way out. Once the silver is out, they will heal as slow as a human. If they're tied up by silver, or stabbed by something silver, it has the same painful affect. They can't begin their healing process until the silver is removed.
I also carry a revolver. The revolver is loaded with dienerite minerals, shaped into bullets. If a vampire is shot by a dienerite mineral, they instantly die, with no chance of ever coming back. The mineral is so rare, many people don't believe it even exists. I'm okay with people thinking that, since it's so hard to find. Once I’ve shot a vampire with one, I can and will retrieve my bullet from their ashes. I try not to use my revolver unless I'm really struggling to kill a vampire. The older the vampire, the harder they are to kill. Usually, I take my assassin bag everywhere with me, as I just never know when I may need to kill a vampire. However, if I forget my assassin bag, I don't stress. Every one of my cars has some kind of vampire assassin tool in it. Although a lot of times I'll carry my gun, wear a cross, or have a silver-bladed knife. I don't believe with vampires you can be overly prepared.
I return with my robe off and heels on, doing a little spin for him.
“Wow, Tori, you could make a gay guy straight in that dress,” says Dallas, with his eyes bulging out. “Of course I'm not that guy,” he chuckles and puts his arm out to lead me out to the car. “Shall we turn some heads?” Knowing there's only one man’s head I want to turn tonight, he adds, “Shall we make him cum in his pants from one look at you? I don't think you'll be going home alone tonight dressed like that.”

We arrive to the restaurant for our class reunion just a little after three. It's hard to drive a sports car in heels, so I put my heels back on before stepping out of Shelby, which is already getting double-takes.
Dallas comes over to the driver’s side and puts his arm out for me to loop mine through. We don't even get two steps from the car when I hear someone shout, “Dallas, is this your gorgeous date's car?”
We turn to see Ace Neal, the old high school quarterback, walking towards us. He looks desirably at my car and then to me, “My name is Ace Neal,” he puts his hand out, introducing himself to me.
“Ace, this is Tori Lane,” says Dallas in a deep voice, with a, “what a dumb ass” look on his face. “Sorry, you know her as Neferatari Lane.”
Ace was the popular jock in school. He did any and all sports our school had to offer. He was the captain and lead player in all of them. He never would have given me the time of day. Honestly, I'm not sure he even recognizes my name.
“Neferatari Lane! Wow! You look unbelievable! So you two finally decided to take this friendship to the next level?” asks Ace with a tone that says, I hope not.
Surprising, he does remember me. I guess Neferatari is kind of a hard name to forget. “No, Dallas and I are just friends. We tried dating after high school, but we are better friends than lovers,” I say, giving Dallas a little wink. Dallas and I have never experimented with each other. I may be bisexual, but Dallas bats for the other team one hundred percent.
“So tell me how you came about a car like this. You must have made a luxurious career choice,” says Ace, running his hand on the hood of my car.
I look at Dallas, who is rolling his eyes at Ace. “I'm going in for something to drink, can I get you anything, Tori?”
Dammit! Dallas is leaving me out her with this dumb jock. “I'll take a white wine please,” I say, giving him a dirty look.
“I'll be back shortly. I'm sure Ace would love to hear about your career,” he says, sending back a wink. 
Looking back at Ace, he is practically drooling on my car.
“So what do you do for a living?” he asks, taking his eyes off the car to look at me.
Why did the first person I had to run into here have to be Ace? He's one of the most narcissistic people I’ve ever met. 
“I'm a stunt double in movies,” I say without enthusiasm.
“No shit? That would be a fun job. Must pay really well,” he hints.
“Well, enough to afford this,” I say kind of snobbish. “How about you, what have you been up to since we've graduated?”
“I've been trying to get on a pro football team. I keep missing out because there's supposedly always one person better than me. I’m as good if not better than most of the pro quarterbacks.” Narcissistic bastard. “In the mean-time, I've been working at a Foot Locker. I'm a manager there,” he adds, thinking it makes his retail job sound better.
Wow, big time football jock, popular with all the ladies is selling shoes. I'm trying very hard to hold back my laugh. “Well I'm sure your day will come soon enough. You won our school a lot of games.” It's so hard to be nice to him when I don't give a damn what he has been doing with his life. What I really want to do is turn away and walk inside.
A big smile comes across his face. As he opens his mouth to say something, I see Dallas out of the corner of my eye coming back with my glass of wine. “I'm sure you could drool over this car all night, Ace, but how about we go in and say hi to everyone else? I ran into Capri in there, who is more than excited to see you,” says Dallas, saving me from Ace.
Capri was our high school’s head cheerleader and she dated Ace all through high school. Now she's going to be the target of a hungry vampire. 
“We broke up shortly after high school. She decided she wanted to go to college out of state and didn't want a long-distance relationship. If she thinks we're getting back together, she’s got another thing coming,” says Ace confidently, puffing his chest slightly. 
Sounds very familiar. I really hope Joseph doesn't have the same idea. I want nothing to do with him. 
We walk into the restaurant, which is set up very elegantly. There are about twenty-five round tables, with a black table cloth over each of them. For a center-piece, they all have a bottle of wine, with candles and white flowers on them. Each table looks to have ten chairs, with ten place settings and ten wine glasses. I'm so glad I picked a cocktail dress to wear here. Looking around the room, almost all the women are in cocktail dresses. A few are in pant suits. The guys vary on their choice of clothing. Some are wearing a suit and tie, others are wearing dress pants with a button-up shirt. A few have on jeans with a button-up dress shirt. Across the room there's a bar, and next to it is a door that reads Bar Entrance. I'm a little relieved to see we won't have to go far for a drink after dinner.
While walking around, catching up with everyone, I notice Ace keeps watching me. Smiling every time I make eye contact with him. I also start to notice a pattern in a lot of my old classmates’ career choices. Most of them have changed their career choice at least twice now, leaving them still taking college classes. A lot of them still live at home with their parents. A few decided to get married way too young and are now divorced, and also now living with their parents. There are a few people who seem to have their heads on straight. These are the kids who had a 4.0 GPA. I scan the room occasionally to see if Ryder has shown up. I wonder if he will? Honestly, I would be too chicken-shit to say hi to him. I know I should use my new self-found confidence to at least say hi, but I'm afraid I will act like I did around him in high school. I stuttered my words every time I talked to him, so I would put on a stupid cheesy grin to distract him from my incoherent babbling.
We all take a seat for dinner. They've given everyone the choice between steak or chicken, with a choice of two sides, and pie or ice cream for dessert. Dallas and I are sitting with some of the theater kids we used to hang out with in high school. 
Dallas and I both did a lot of plays together. I'm surprised Dallas didn't go into acting. His double personality was amazing in our school plays, and surprisingly, no one in our school ever put two and two together when Dallas would play the silly guy whose voice became very feminine. Well, I guess he does still get to act. He's a drag queen in one of the Vegas shows, which is a very lucrative career. His family thinks he's a black-jack dealer at the casino. 
We are just starting on dessert when Dallas leans over to me and whispers in my ear, “Look who just walked in.”
Looking toward the entrance, I see Ryder Seff. He looks better than I remember, he's six foot four, still has that great natural, dark tan, and he's really put on some muscle. He's wearing black dress pants, with a charcoal dark gray long-sleeved dress shirt, a black silk-looking tie, and over that, a black vest with gray pinstripes through it. His hair is the same as it was in high school. It's just border-line of jet black, short on the sides and spiked up in a carefree way on top.
“Tori, you're actually licking you lips,” whispers Dallas.
Crap! I quickly put my tongue away and hope no one else has seen that. But of course someone has seen me sensually licking my lips. Ace has his head resting on his hand, staring at me blankly from two tables away. Is that blank stare because he's thinking I was trying to be sexy for him? Or is his stare blank because he's realized I have my eyes set on someone else? 
As I'm analyzing Ace's blank stare, Jack pops into my head. “I haven't seen Jack so far. Maybe we should wait for him outside,” I whisper to Dallas.
Dallas grabs one more quick bite of his pie, jumps to his feet, and starts heading for the door. 
We walk slowly to my car, chatting. “I really hope he's a car guy,” I say, thinking out loud. 
“Well, if he's not, then maybe that sexy dress will lure him in.” Dallas gives me a small nudge. 
We reach my car at the same time someone is pulling into the parking space beside Shelby. What luck, it's Jack. He steps out of his car, dressed nice and sporting his fake tan. 
Immediately, he's drawn to my car. “This is a beautiful car. Do one of you own this?” asks Jack, staring at the car.
“This would be my baby,” I say with great pride. 
“This is a great car. I'm sure she's fast, too,” he says, eyeing the car.
“I was just about to take Dallas for a ride in it. Want to come along?”




Chapter 6

“I would love to. I call shot-gun,” replies Jack, beyond excited.
Dallas gives Jack a look of disappointment. 
This is working out better than planned. We all climb into the car and I take off. When I reach the ramp to the highway I say, smugly to the guys, “Shall we see what she's got?”
Hitting the gas, Jack's body pushes hard against the back of his seat. In the mirror I can see Dallas wiggling to lean forward. I look at Jack, who has a huge, carefree smile on his face. Dallas quickly leans forward, swinging the stake between Jack and me, then shoves the stake into Jack's chest. Ashes fly throughout the car, and I quickly open the window, hoping some will fly out. That's got to be one of the easiest assassins I've ever done. Correction; we've done. I don't know how old he was, but the younger they are, the easier they are to kill. 
“Ah-ha, gone like the wind,” shouts Dallas. 
“We're going to have to stop somewhere and vacuum out Shelby,” I say.
“There's a car-wash next to the truck stop just down the road.”
We pull up to the outdoor vacuum cleaner at the car-wash. Dallas waits for me to let him out of the backseat, and then I lean into the car to grab my purse for some change. 
“Um, Tori, you better let me vacuum out Shelby.”
“I am very capable of vacuuming out my own car. Thank you, Dallas.”
“Girl, don't give me lip. If you want everyone looking up your dress, then by all means, go ahead and vacuum out your car.”
If it wasn't Dallas who noticed I would be showing too much, I would have blushed. “I completely forgot I was wearing a dress. Yes, thank you. You can vacuum Shelby for me,” I say apologetically. “The Master Overlord should be contacting me again shortly anyway.”
“Looks like you'll be hearing him any second. Your eyes are changing color.”
Leaning against the car with my eyes closed, I wait for the Master Overlord to break through.

“Well done Neferatari. Someone is currently picking up Jack's car. The money is already in your account. Until next time.” 

Opening my eyes I waiting for my vision to come back.
“So what did the Master Overlord say?”
“Well done and the money's in my account.”
“Short and to the point, isn't he?” points out Dallas.
“Sometimes he doesn't contact me at all. But the money is always in my account after I've made the kill.”
We climb back in the now ash-free car, and head back to the reunion. 
I wonder if anyone has noticed we've left. “If anyone asks, say you thought you forgot to lock up your place.”
Dallas gives me a salute and says, “Sure thing, boss.”

Getting back inside the restaurant, we notice most of the class has moved over to the bar side. A few are still talking on the restaurant side, although they look to be making their way over to the bar, too. As we stroll over to the bar side, I look around to see if Ryder is still here. I notice him leaning again the bar, talking to Capri. Ugh, I should have let Jack eat her. I can’t help but to feel a little bitter. Dallas has already wandered off to the bar to get us some drinks. 
After a few seconds, I notice one of the theater people (who wasn't sitting at our table) I haven't talked to yet. As I make my way to her, I see out of the corner of my eye someone walking directly toward me. 
Oh no, is that who I think it is? Great, it’s my ex-boyfriend, Joseph.
“Neferatari, you look stunning!” says Joseph, grinning with a mission.
“Good evening, Joseph. I actually go by Tori now,” I say in a flat, unemotional tone. I could have gone the whole night without seeing this jerk. 
“Tori, huh? When did that happen?” he asks inquiringly.
“College,” I say very flat, not giving him any information.
“Well, Tori, I must say, college has been good to you. You've really grown into your body,” he says, looking me up and down. “If I would have known you would look like this, I never would have broken up with you.”
Becoming immortal, after I turned 18 is what has really made me look this good. Once I became immortal, my vision became more than perfect, and I was able to ditch the glasses. “That's a very shallow thing to say, and you did break up with me. No second chances, Joseph.”
“Nef...Tori, I was young and foolish. Can't we give this one more try?” he asks, batting his eye lashes at me the same way he used to when we were a couple. As soon as he would bat those long eyelashes at me, I would give in.
“If you would have been thinking with the head on your shoulders and not the one in your pants, we wouldn't be having this conversation. The answer is NO!” I shout. I stomp away, feeling my blood boiling to the top. People are looking at us, but I don't give a damn. He's the one who broke up with me. How dare he try to sweet talk me! Who knows how many women he fucked in college. I look around the room for Dallas, who has my drink and is talking to Nadia, our student council president. 
“I'll take that,” I say, grabbing my glass of wine from his hand, drinking it all at once.
“Don't let Joseph get under your skin,” says Nadia very sweetly. Nadia is the sweetest person in our class. She gets along with everyone, and she never has anything bad to say about anyone. “Dallas was just telling me about your career. That would be a fun job. Does it ever get stressful?” 
I can feel myself starting to relax. Nadia's kind voice has that effect. “It's only stressful when an actress can't seem to remember her lines, and I have to redo a stunt over and over. Some of the stunts I don't mind repeating, because they're just that fun. But like last week, one of the girls couldn't remember her lines and I was doubling for her by jumping off a cliff. After the third time, it just gets old,” I say, babbling. “So how's life treating you after high school?”
Nadia tells me about getting married to a man who loves her more than life itself. He takes good care of her and wishes she wouldn't work. All he wants her to do is stay home and relax while he takes care and provides for her. She loves kids so she started her own daycare business. Now she and her husband are trying to have a child of their own.
After a few more minutes of talking, I excuse myself to get another drink. I'm thinking something stronger this time. So I order a martini, and then make my way to the restroom. I set my martini on the toilet paper roll dispenser, and I can over hear a couple of the girls talking. 
“Have you seen Neferatari? She's a bomb-shell. I would love to have boobs like hers. I'm thinking of getting a boob job.”
I can't help but smile. I'm turning the head of our high school's star quarterback, my ex, and even some of the girls. I frown a little, thinking how I can't seem to get Ryder's attention.  
Waiting till I hear the girls leave, I then make my way out. 
My heart skips a beat when I see Dallas talking to Ryder. Maybe I'll just walk over and include myself into their conversation. Hmm, or maybe I'll just turn on my amazing immortal hearing and listen from here. Constantly over-hearing conversations you don't want to hear can get old. It took me a long time to master turning my immoral hearing on and off. Now that I have it mastered, why not use it to eavesdrop on them? I walk to the bar, trying to look casual as I lean against it, and tune into their conversation.
“...so any way, now I'm just rambling. Yes Cancun is beautiful. Everyone should go there at least once,” says Dallas in his deep, manly voice.
“Sounds like it. So tell me something, Dallas. Is Neferatari coming tonight? Or are you two still friends?”
“Of course we're still friends. The best of, in fact. She doesn't go by Neferatari anymore. She goes by Tori and she's here,” Dallas pauses, scanning the room for me. She's over there, leaning against the bar.”
“The one in the red dress?” asks Ryder, flabbergasted. 
“Yep. Stunning, isn't she?”
“Stunning isn't the word for it.”
I sip my martini nervously, knowing he's making his way over to me. I can smell his cologne before he reaches me. 
Chapter 7

As Ryder leans against the bar beside me I can feel the heat rolling from his body, and he's not even touching me. He asks, “Having a good time, Tori?” 
I look him deep in the eyes, and they seem different than I remember them. They're not just a dark brown any-more. They seem to have lightened just a little, giving them the slightest hint of a dark red, and I don't remember the gold staring that's coming off his pupils. They're even more gorgeous than I remember. 
Smiling at him so big it makes my face hurt, I say, “Better now that you're here.” Holy shit! Did I just say that out loud? Must be the alcohol. I did drink that glass of wine fast. Almost immediately I feel myself starting to flush from my overly forward, outspoken words. 
“Is that so?” he says, giving me his striking, sexy smile. “You are a breath-taking work of art, Tori,” he tells me, looking me up and down.
“I could say the same about you.” Holy shit! Shut up Tori!
His eyes lock, and he questions, “So tell me how you get Tori out of Neferatari?” 
I will gladly tell you. “It's kind of a funny story. One night in college, my friends and I decided to try a new bar. We had this great idea to use fake names for the night. My middle name is Victoria, so I went by Tori for the night. I guess you could say my friends really broke me out of my shell that night, because before the night was over, I was line-dancing on top of the bar. The next day, the girls kept telling me they really liked ‘“Tori”’ and they didn't want her to leave. So from that day forward, everyone's called me Tori,” I say with a stupid grin on my face.
Ryder smiles brightly and says, “That is a funny story. Tell me about, Tori.”
“What do you want to know?” I ask, trying hard to act shy, but the alcohol is making it difficult. 
“Where do you work, what do you like to do, do you have a boyfriend?” he asks all at once.
“I'm currently working for director Anthony Scoop. I'm a stunt double in one of his movies, and I love my job. In my free time, I like to work out.” Even though I don't need to. I just find it relaxing. “And I like to lay by the pool, soaking up the sun,” I answer as fast as he asked his questions.
“A stunt double, huh? I can't imagine there being too many women out there who look as good as you,” he points out.
I smile, batting my eyelashes at him and take a sip of my martini.
“You didn't answer my question about the boyfriend,” he says, leaning a little closer to me.
Crap. Do I tell him I don't have a boyfriend? Technically I don't, I have a girlfriend. I think about Fayleigh for a moment. Realizing I really do love her, I tell him, “I am in a relationship.”
“You hesitated to tell me. Is there a reason for this? Is there hopes for me of a break-up between you two soon?” he asks me with that smile so sexy, it should be a sin.
Would I break up with Fayleigh for him? My head is telling me no, but my heart is saying, “Yes, yes, if it means I can have you!” I look down at my martini glass and say, “We have been fighting lately. But I don't know that it's bad enough we're going to be breaking up.”
He lifts my chin to look into my eyes and says, “Any man who would fight with you has no idea of the treasure he could lose. You could leave him and come to me. I've always liked you, Nef...Tori,” he says with pure honesty. 
He's always liked me? Why didn't he ask me out?
“You dated Joseph most of high school, so I never made an obvious move,” he says, answering my unspoken question. “I don't know if you could tell, but I did try to flirt with you. Occasionally winking at you from inside the principal's office, and when I passed you in the halls. I was pissed when I was forced to participate in that school play as part of my punishment for the food fight I started in the cafeteria, but I so badly wanted to kiss you when we did that play together,” he says confidently. “Thanks to Joseph, I never got the chance,” he says in clear disappointment.
Ryder was kind of a bad boy in high school. Always in some kind of trouble. He got kicked out of school for a week when he got into a fight with Joseph. Joseph was jealous in high school when it came to me. He didn't want any other man touching me, especially not kissing me, even in a play. Kind of odd when I think about it now, considering the reason he broke up with me after high school was so he wouldn't have to be tied down.
“I desperately wanted the kiss, too. I've always had a crush on you,” I say quietly, not looking at him because I can feel my face starting to warm. Why am I blushing? I never blush. But this man has some kind of effect on me I've never felt with anyone ever before. 
He lifts my chin up again, looking longingly into my eyes and leans closer. Our lips are so close to touching, you couldn't get a nickel between us. I can smell his intoxicating cologne and his sweet breath. His body heat is so hot I can feel it in all the right areas. “Tell me about your boyfriend. Would you leave him for me? I could give you things you couldn't dream of. I could make your body soar,” he whispers against my lips before leaning back, so only our shoulders are touching.
My breathing has stopped completely, and I feel faint. I can't pass out. How embarrassing would that be?
“Breathe,” he whispers so soft and slow it's like he just pushed his air into my lungs.
“I....I,” I try to catch my train of thought and refocus on where I am. “I can't leave him for you, because…because it's not a he. I'm in a relationship with a woman,” I say, feeling more mortified than when I told my parents.
He leans back further, sitting down onto the barstool behind him with his eyes big and jaw hanging wide open. 
I watch as multiple expressions run across his face, his thoughts racing through his mind, deciding how he should respond, and I wait for him to say something, anything. 
“I was not expecting that,” he says, looking like he's trying to find the right words to say. “What are you drinking? I think I need a drink,” he says, not blinking.
“Martini. Dirty,” I say, giving him an innocent smile.
Physically, I can see him relax with those two little words. His shoulders drop down and he brings out that oh-so-sexy smile again. “Bartender, two martinis, please.” His smile gets bigger as he's looking at me, and he finishes by saying, “Dirty.” He stares at me for a moment, then says, “Well I can't compete with another woman. Girls know what girls like. Have you been with any other guys since Joseph?” he asks extremely interested.
Feeling a little embarrassed, I shake my head no.
“Was he that bad in bed that you've sworn off men?” he asks, trying to be funny. 
The bartender puts two dirty martinis in front of us and I push him my empty glass before taking a drink from the new one. I can really feel the alcohol taking over now. I've got that liquid courage.  
“Joseph and I didn't do anything more than just oral. So no, I can't say he's why I'm not with a man. I never planned to date a woman. I had no idea I was bisexual until I ended up in bed with Fayleigh one drunk night. When I woke with her the next morning, no longer drunk, I thought I must have done something stupid, until she pulled me back into bed with her. And she's had my heart ever since.”
He looks in awe, maybe turned on by the thought of two women in bed together. “Fayleigh must be your girlfriend?” he asks, but before letting me answer, he gets this confused look on his face and then asks, “So have you never had intercourse with a man?”
I can feel my entire body turn crimson. Wow, that's a really personal question. But at this point in the night, do I really care? “No. I have never had intercourse, as you so politely put it.” I force a real smile.
“Oh, baby, you're missing out. There's nothing like having a man pinning you to the bed, worship your body, caressing it,” he says, letting his fingers glide very softly up and down my arm, sending chills through my entire body. 
“Ryder, I think you're just trying to take my innocence from me,” I say, batting my eye-lashes.
“I can't take the innocence of someone who is not so innocent.” He gives me a wink, while holding onto that sexy smile.
As we stare at each other in silence, Dallas walks up to me on the opposite side of Ryder and whispers in my ear, “Leevi Beckers has asked to take me home. I'm not sure how, but he picked up that I am gay from the moment we started talking. I think I'm going to go,” he says, sounding very giddy. Being the good friend that he is, he asks in his deep voice, no longer whispering, “Do you have a ride home tonight? You've had way too much to drink to drive.”
“I'm going to give Billy a call and have him send Bernard with the limo. I'll have Bernard bring Diego along to pick up Shelby,” I respond.
“I could give you a ride home,” says Ryder, giving me another wink.
Oh, how I would love for you to take me home, and so much more, I think to myself. What I say is, “You've been drinking also, plus I really don't think my girlfriend would like that much.”
Dallas leans forward, smiling, and whispers in my ear, “Girl, go home with him. Fayleigh said she may not come home tonight, and that if she did, she would be sleeping in the guest house.”
Looking at Dallas, I say loud enough for them to both hear me, “I'm not going to cheat on Fayleigh.” Determined I’m not that woman.
Dallas looks at me with surprise because he knows how much I like Ryder. He leans forward again and whispers, “Opportunity is knocking, answer the door before someone else does.” He pulls away and says, “I'll give you a call tomorrow. Ryder, it was a pleasure seeing you again.”
“Same here, Dallas. Take care.”
We watch Dallas leave by himself. I took note that Leevi was leaving as Dallas was walking up to me. I’m guessing they're trying to not make it obvious they are leaving together. 
“Are you sure I can't take you home, beautiful? I've had two beers and this dirty, martini. I'm a big guy, that's not much to drink for me.” He's trying hard to change my mind.
Ryder is definitely a big guy, but it's all muscle. I can't help but picture myself running my hands over his naked chest. Exploring every muscle on that chiseled body. That so-sinful smile makes me want to say yes, but I just can't bring myself to do it. If I want to be with Ryder, I need to break up with Fayleigh. Feeling very bold, I say, “I would love for you to take me home. I would gladly go home with you…if I didn't have a girlfriend.”
He looks down at his feet and says disappointingly, “Can't blame a guy for trying.” He looks back up at me and gives me a trouble-maker’s smile. “Do you like to dance?”
“I love to dance.”
“I'll be back in a minute. Don't go anywhere, or I'll have to hunt you down.” He points his finger at me to stay in place.
I give him a big smile, saying nothing and he wanders off toward the DJ. 
When he comes back, he has a huge grin on his face. “Shall we?” he asks, putting out his hand. 
Hesitatingly taking his hand, I slide off my barstool. There's been oldies playing most of the night. I wonder what kind of song he could have requested. I hope it’s a slow song. I would love to feel his body pressed against mine. 
He stands at almost arm’s length away in front of me, holding both of my hands. Over the speakers I hear a very upbeat song come on. It's a song I've never heard, but I know it's something you swing dance to. 
“Ryder, I don't know how to swing dance,” I say, feeling terrified. I'm going to make a fool of myself. So much for being sexy.
“No worries. I'm a great swing dancer. I'll take care of everything.” And with that said, he pulls me forward, and crossing toward his left arm, he pushes me back out again. Then he pulls me forward, crossing into his right arm, pushing me back out, letting go of one of my hands, and then spinning me back into his arm. He pushes me back out, and then spins himself into my arm. 
I can't believe I'm swing dancing. This is so much fun. He keeps spinning, pushing, pulling, and putting me where he wants me, smiling like a school-boy. He pulls me back into him close up against his body and dances fast with me, making me follow his every step. 
“I'm going to spin you out again, then pull you in and flip you,” he says, a little breathless.
“You’re what...” Before I can protest, he's spinning me away from him, then spinning me back in. Please don't let him drop me. He flips me around his arm, places me back up straight, spins me out, and pulls me close to him again.
“I can't believe you did that. I'm wearing a dress,” I say between breaths.
“Everything moves too fast for anyone to see up your dress. Besides, back in the day, the ladies wore dresses to swing dance in.” He smiles at me proudly, and in complete control.
As the swing dance finishes, I can't stop giggling. That was so much fun. He smiles a big, mischievous smile at me.
“What?” I ask, not able to stop smiling.
He shakes his head then pulls me in close to him. What song could he have requested next? Over the speakers, another song starts playing.
My smile fades slightly. I know this song. This is an old song, but a very sexual song by Next.
He smiles at me and says, “Too Close.”
“Not close enough,” I say, breathless from the heat that's generating off of him.
“I was talking about the name of the song. But I can do closer.” He pulls me in tighter to him and starts to dance. 
My entire body is awakening with the way we are dancing. As I think to myself, I wish we were alone - I realize we're not, and I start getting this horrible feeling everyone is watching us. When I try to pull back from him, he only holds me tighter.
“I think everyone's staring at us.”
“No one's staring at us; in fact, there are plenty of other people dancing. Forget everyone else.” He stares into my eyes, making me completely forget where we are, who's around, and all I can think is, I want to go home with him.
Mesmerized I say, “You have got the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen.”
“You have beautiful eyes, too. They look like two brilliant green emeralds.”
Normally very flattered by such a wonderful comment, I forget to say thank you, instead saying, “I remember your eyes being more of a dark brown. Now they have this stunning gold star shape coming off your pupils and the color seems different.”
He looks at me wide-eyed. “I'm very surprised you've noticed. Not many people from my past do. My family has this odd gene; when we turn about 18, our eyes change to this color. Don't ask me why or how. It's been that way for many generations in our family. I just woke up one morning and my eyes were this color. It was a little shocking, but I was expecting it.”
As the song ends, my eyes are still locked on his and he's still holding me very close. “Your brown eyes have been in my dreams many, many times. I guess the color will change the next time I dream about you.” I’m saying this only because I have liquid courage. 
His eyes get big and he pulls out that sexy smile. “You've dreamt about me, huh? What are the dreams about...? Would you like me to make them come true?”
I think to myself, oh-my-god, yes please. But for what feels like the first time tonight, I put a filter on my mouth. “I think I'll just keep dreaming,” I say, trying to give him my own sexy smile. I unwillingly unlock my body from his, but keep hold of his hand, leading him back to the bar to finish our drinks. 
He tells me, “Time is flying by way too fast. We have time for one more drink before they close. Let’s get a shot, too. What kind of shot would you like?” he asks with the same sexy smile he's been giving me all night.
I can't help myself. I have to name off one of the shots with a sexy name. “How about a Screaming Orgasm?” I reply with a devilish grin. 
His smile widens, and with a sexy tone, he says, “I could give you that.”
The bartender comes over, Ryder orders the two shots, and a couple more martinis. 
I could stare at him for hours. “I haven't asked you yet, where do you work?” I ask, starting more conversation with him.
“I own a successful construction business. My company does demolition and building. We've built a lot of the casinos in Vegas.” He straightens his body, looking very proud of himself.
The bartender puts our drinks in front of us, and Ryder pays for them.
“Not exactly the first screaming orgasm I would like to give you, but here's to a screaming orgasm,” he says, holding up his shot, smiling.
“Here's to high school reunions,” I say, taping my shot glass to his and tossing it back. “What's the name of your company?”
“Seff Construction.” He puts up his hand and says, “I know it's not a very creative name, but it is well known in the building community,” he replies confidently. 
At least I know he hasn't been hitting on me all night for my money. “I think it's impressive, owning your own business. It's not something I could do.” Although in a way, I kind of do. “Do you do a lot of paperwork, being the owner?”
“I started this business because I love tearing things down and building something new. I don't want anything to do with the paperwork. Occasionally, I have to sign off on things, but I have a receptionist, an assistant, and an accountant to take care of the majority of my paperwork. I have my own office, but I'm never in it. All the paperwork that ends up on my desk my assistant goes through, and then she drops them off to my accountant.”
“Well, when you have a successful company, you shouldn't have to do paperwork. And you should be able to do whatever you want,” I say, smiling passively. “So would you like Bernard to give you a ride home? You're sure as hell not driving.”
He gives me a pouty face. But instead of trying to fight me on it, he asks, “Who's Bernard?”
“He's my limo driver. If you would like, I can have him bring Luther along to follow us in your vehicle. He's bringing Diego to drive mine home.”
He looks very confused as I'm telling him this. “Bernard, your limo driver. Does your director provide you a limo?”
I giggle a little. “No I own the limo, Bernard works for me.”
He still looks a little confused. “Owning your own limo, that's impressive. Do Luther and Diego work for you, too?”
Wow, I don’t think he has any idea how much money I have. “Yes, they both work for me. Diego is my mechanic, and Luther is one of my ground guards,” I reply, shocked he has no idea about my money.
With the confused look still in place, his eyes widen and he asks, “Why would you need a guard? How many guards do you have?”
Thankfully, the stunt double job helps me avoid telling him the real reason I have guards - vampires. “I have a very large property, and in my profession we get stalkers. I have one guard at the entrance of my gate, one who patrols along the gate, one who patrols just around my house, and two that drive around the grounds with a golf cart, keeping an eye on things.”
His confused face has turned to shock. After a moment he relaxes and puts on a sexy, mischievous smile, obviously thinking up a smart-ass comment. “You know if I lived with you, you would have all the guard you need,” he says, holding that sexual smile.
“I'm sure I would,” I say, smiling back. “I have to go to my car and get my phone to call for the limo. Would you like me to have Luther come and follow us in your vehicle, to your place?” I ask again.
“I really don't want to leave my truck here, so I'll take you up on that offer. Plus getting a ride home in your limo means I get more time with you,” he says, giving me a wink. “I've got to use the restroom. I'll meet you at your car in a minute. What do you drive?”
“It's the ‘68 Ford Mustang on the restaurant side.”
He gives me another shocked look. “That is a beautiful car. Maybe you'll let me drive it sometime.”
“Oh, no, no, no, the only person other than me who is allowed to drive any of my vehicles is Diego, my mechanic,” I say very straight-faced. “I'm serious, no one.”
He gives me a pouty face and calls me a, “Party pooper,” in a joking tone.
“That pouty look is very cute, but when it comes to my cars, that's not going to work. I won't even let Fayleigh drive my cars.” It may be a dumb rule, but collecting cars is my thing. I guess I’m a little selfish when it comes to them.
Surprised by my comment, he asks, “None of your cars? What other kinds do you have?”
“A Lamborghini Gallardo, an Aston Martin One-77, a Ferrari Enzo, that's just to name a few,” I say proudly. I'm getting very used to his shocked face. “I'll have you over sometime to see my car museum.”
“Ca...Car museum,” he stutters. “So you collect cars?” It's no surprise to me that, Ryder is a gearhead.
“Yes. That's one of my passions. Honestly, I don't know anything about how to fix them, other than changing a tire. That's why I have Diego.”
He looks speechless. “Amazing,” he finally says. “I'll meet you at your car in a few,” he tells me, letting go of his shocked expression.
“Okay, sounds good.” I finish off the rest of my martini and head for the door. Even though I’m not going home with Ryder, I’m excited to spend more time with him. Alone.
With the restaurant closed, I have to leave from the bar side and walk around the building to my car. Stepping outside, I see Ace holding a beer, talking on his phone. I'm glad he's on the phone because I really don't want to talk to him. He's shallower than I remember in high school. 
Unlocking my car, I grab my phone to call Billy. “Good evening, Billy. Could you send Bernard with the limo to pick me and a friend up?”
“Sure thing, Ms. Lane.”
“Also have Bernard bring Diego to take home Shelby, and Luther to drive my friend’s truck to his place.”
“Yes, ma'am. Anything else?” Billy asks before I let him go.
“No, Billy, that will be all. Actually, has Fayleigh been home yet?” Wondering if she's going to come home at all.
“Nope. I haven't seen her since she left for work.”
I'm guessing she's not coming home. “Okay, thanks again, Billy.”
Tossing my phone back into my purse I turn around to see if Ryder is coming. Startled, I jump back against the car door, looking into Ace's drunk, swaying face.
“Tori, I've been waiting all night for you to be alone. Now here you are,” he says, taking a step closer to me. He reeks of booze. “I've been watching you all night. I know you want me, the way you've been acting all night.” He's drunk as hell, and can barely speak the words.
How the hell have I been acting? I haven't shown him any interest. It wasn't him who I've been talking to all night. He's shallow and he has a big head. “Excuse me?” I say with attitude.
He takes another step toward me, putting his hands on the car. Locking me in front of him, he presses up against me, and I can feel his erection. “I'm going to fuck you up against this car. You can take it willingly, or I can cover your mouth. Either way, I'm going to fuck you,” he says belligerently, with the smell of the booze rolling off his breath.
Oh, this cock-sucker has no idea who he's fucking with. Raising my hands to shove him back, I know full well that my strength will shove him through the restaurant window. But before I get that far, Ryder is there pulling Ace off of me, punching Ace so hard in the face he lands 10 feet away from us and is knocked out cold. 
“Are you okay?” Ryder asks, pulling me into his arms.
I'm just fine. I had this under control. Although I am glad he didn't see me shove Ace through the window. No guy wants to be with a woman who is stronger than he is. “I'm okay. Thank you.” I let him think he's my savor, and wrap my arms around him. 
“Fucking pig,” he says, looking at Ace. “I should beat him till he's barley breathing.” His voice is tense with rage.
“Ryder, I think that one punch has him barley breathing,” I say, giving him a little smile. “Bernard is just pulling into the parking lot, where are you parked?”
“Over there,” he points toward two parking rows directly behind my car.
“Is that an F350 King Ranch Dually?” I ask with a big smile.
“It sure is,” he answers with that shocked look on his face. “You just keep surprising me. I also don't know any woman who can look at a vehicle and tell you exactly what it is. I don't know any woman who owns the kind of cars you have.” I can tell he's impressed.
Bernard pulls up beside us. He steps out of the limo with Diego and Luther.
“Shelby's ready for the home?” asks Diego with his Spanish accent. 
“Yes, thank you, Diego. Let me grab my purse and you can take her.”
“Which vehicle am I driving, Ms. Lane?” asks Luther, a little excited. I've never given him any other job than to just patrol the grounds. 
“The F350 over there,” answers Ryder, handing him the keys.
“Just follow the limo, Luther. If you lose us, call my phone. In the city that never sleeps, who knows how many people will cut you off,” I say, climbing into the limo.
“Yes, ma'am,” replies Luther.
I slide over for Ryder to sit next to me. “Give Bernard your address. He'll put it in the GPS and then put the privacy window up.” I give Bernard a look that says, this is a demand not a request. Ryder gives Bernard his address. We are 15 minutes from his house.
“Did you have a good time tonight?” Ryder asks, giving me his sexy smile and flirting with me.
“Excluding the episode with Ace, I haven't had that much fun in a long time.” I giggle a little. “We just left him there, still passed out cold.” I shake my head. I kind of hope he's passed out there until dawn. “So, where did you learn to swing dance?”
His face flushes slightly red. “That bastard is lucky to still be breathing.” His face showing his anger. He looks lost in thought, as if he's picturing himself knocking out Ace. After a moment of spacing off, he says, “On a lighter note, my mom made me take dance lessons when I was in my troublemaker years. She thought it would keep me out of trouble.”
“Did it?” I ask, trying to be cute.
“Yes and no. It kept me from getting into fights, but introduced me to the world of women,” he says with little expression.
I don't want to hear about all the women who have danced with him the way we were dancing tonight.
“I never had the connection dancing with them like I did with you tonight,” he says, taking my hand.
Batting my eyelashes at him, I ask, “Are you trying to flatter me?”
“No, it's the truth,” he answers straight-faced, putting his other hand on my cheek.
Wow, I was not expecting that. He may not be trying to flatter me, but he is laying his charm all over me, and mesmerizing me with those gorgeous eyes.
We just stare at each other, not saying a word. He rubs his thumb gently over my bottom lip, and leans towards me to kiss me. 
My mind is blank, all I can think about is him, in this moment. His lips reach mine and he gently kisses me, making my whole body tingle all over. He brushes his bottom lip against my top lip, parting my lips slightly. Sliding closer to me, he takes his hand from mine and puts it on the other side of my face. My heart is about to jump out of my chest, and I can't help but to surrender to this magical power he has over me. I lean into to him, giving him a real kiss, our tongues twining together like fresh bubbles in a champagne glass. This beautiful moment, this kiss lasts for minutes. I would have surrendered my body to him right then and there, if it weren't for Bernard pulling up in front of his house. 
“Stay with me,” he says, breathless.
Chapter 8

I desperately want to, but my desperation quickly turns to guilt as Fayleigh flashes through my head. “I want to. But I can't. I have a girlfriend, remember? This,” I point back and forth to us, “should not be happening.” I’m feeling guilty for letting it go this far.
“You can't tell me you don't feel something between us. I know I do, and it’s stronger than anything I've ever felt before with anyone.”
“Oh, Ryder, I do feel it. Everywhere. But I can't cheat on Fayleigh. Please give me some time to figure this out,” I say, feeling the guilt flood me.
“Tori, I could make you so happy. You'll never need a guard, I would guard you with my life. I could pleasure you in ways you've never felt. Leave her for me and you'll never regret it,” he says with pure passion.
“Please, just give me some time.” 
“When can I see you again?” he asks with desperation.
Should I see him again? I'm so confused. I want him more than I want air. But what about Fayleigh?
“Let me take you to dinner, next Friday night,” he says, trying very hard to not let me think too long. “Here,” he hands me his phone. “Put your number in.”
“Okay, Friday night,” I agree, grabbing his phone after hesitation, and enter my number. “Your house looks beautiful, by the way,” I say, trying to change the subject. 
“You'll see the inside one day. And I'm taking you for your word that you'll show me your car museum,” he says with a big grin. 
“Absolutely. And Friday's not a date. Just two friends going for dinner.” I want to reassure him we are just friends.
He slides out of the limo and Luther hands him the keys to his truck, then walks to the passenger side of the limo to get in. Ryder leans back in the limo and kisses me once more, then says, “I'm taking the challenge to steal you from your girlfriend. You deserve better. You deserve someone who would rather make love to you than to ever fight with you,” he says, stating his challenge. 
Bernard closes the door behind him and I watch him through the window, gantering up his steps to unlock his front door.
I lay down in the back of the limo and put my hands on my head. What am I going to do? I've always dreamed about being with Ryder. I dream about him at least once a week. Is that a sign that we are meant to be? But what about Fayleigh? I love her so much. But am I in love with her? We've been together for almost a year. Is that a year I've wasted in my life? No, I can't ever look at it like that. We've had so many good times together. There could be more good times, if I could just not give a damn about what my family and friends think about me dating someone of the same sex. But there's the fact that we've been dating for almost a year and my parents just now found out about us, and not by my choice. Why hadn't I told them sooner? If I truly love her I would have told everyone I know about us the minute I realized I loved her. My head hurts and I just want to go to bed, and my girlfriend isn't going to be there because I've made her feel like shit. She believes I'm embarrassed by her. I'm not embarrassed by her, I'm embarrassed about us... But if I'm embarrassed about us, maybe I don't really love her.
Bernard pulls up in front of the house. Sliding out, I head inside, but there are no lights on. Fayleigh really must not be coming home tonight. Where will she stay? She better not stay with Tessa. I don't think they still talk, but then again I've never asked.

Before climbing into bed I wash the makeup off my face and brush my teeth. 
Just as I'm starting to relax and think I can fall asleep without Fayleigh beside me, Billy’s voice comes over the intercom, “Ms. Lane, I thought you would like to know someone will be dropping Fayleigh off at the door. To say she is drunk would be an understatement,” says Billy matter-of-factually. 
“Thank you, Billy. I appreciate you letting me know.” I’m not surprised she's drunk. 
Slipping on my robe, I head to the front door. Opening it I see Shelli, one of the girls who works with Fayleigh, helping her out of the car.
“You're a great friend,” slurs Fayleigh to Shelli. “I had sooo much fun tonight.” She is trashed. I think she's drunker than Ace. That’s saying a lot. 
“I'm sure you did,” replies Shelli. “Tori, I'm sorry, her and a few other girls got way too drunk tonight.” She has a look of a babysitter who let things get too out of hand.
“Thank you for being the D.D.,” I tell Shelli grateful. “Come, Fayleigh, let’s get you into bed,” I say, reaching my arm around her to take her off Shelli's shoulder.
“Tori, I love you so much,” she says, putting her arm around me. 
“I love you too, Fayleigh,” I say, practically carrying her up the steps. Once inside, I pick her up in my arms and carry her to the bed.
“I'm not ready for bed,” she slurs to me. “I want to make love to you.”
“Fayleigh, I'm not doing anything with you tonight. For one, you're so drunk you'll probably fall asleep in the middle of it, and two, don't you remember leaving here mad at me today? You’re going to wake up in the morning still mad at me, and then I can't say making love would have truly been making love.”
“I don't understand a word you're saying. All I hear is ‘make love to me’,” she says, swaying back and forth in the bed.
Ugh. “What am I going to do with you?”
She pulls me on top of her, and between kisses, says, “Make love to me. I don't ever want to lose you. We'll figure everything out in the morning.”
I kiss her back, wanting to make love to her, but not like this. “I'm sorry, I just can't. Making love isn't something you do when you're so drunk you're not going to remember it the next day. And honey, you reek of vodka.”
“Fine, whatever,” she says belligerently, turning on her side.
I lock the front door and climb into bed next to Fayleigh, who is already passed out and starting to snore. Thankfully, she almost never snores. I couldn't handle that noise every night.
“I really do love you,” I whisper to her, giving her a kiss on the cheek and cuddling up to her. 

I wake at noon the next day with the bed empty. Wow, I can't believe I slept until noon. I never sleep that late. I'm surprised Fayleigh isn't sleeping off a hangover, I wonder where she is. I get up, put my robe on, and head for the bathroom. I notice Fayleigh's curling iron is out and her makeup. She obviously had somewhere to go this morning. I'm surprised she didn't tell me. Then again, she was really drunk last night. She could have at least left me a note. I grab my phone and call her cell. No answer. Wonder if she got called into work? Calling the salon next, Shelli answers. 
“Hey, Shelli, its Tori. Is Fayleigh working today?”
“Yeah, she's giving someone a perm right now. To be honest, I'm surprised she made it this morning. I didn't have anything to drink and I'm wiped,” she says with a yawn at the end. 
“Does she have a minute to talk?” I ask, not knowing if she can stop in the middle of a perm.
“She's just about to put Mrs. Adams under the dryer. If you don't mind holding for a minute, she can talk after she gets her settled under the dryer,” Shelli replies. 
“No problem. Thanks again for bringing her home last night.”
“Not a problem, Tori. Fayleigh's been a D.D. for me before.”
Shelli puts me on hold.
After a moment Fayleigh takes me off of hold and asks in a very curt voice, “What?!”
“Wow, clearly you're still mad at me. Good thing I didn't give in to you last night on making love,” I state, since she begged. 
“Humph,” she says with the curt voice. “What do you care if we did or didn't do something last night?” I can hear the hurt in her voice.
“Because I love you,” I say in a small voice.
“You sure have a hell of a way of showing it,” she snarls back.
She's right, I do have a hell of a way of showing it. “What time will you be done working?” I ask, trying not to upset her anymore. 
“When I damn well feel like it,” she snaps.
“Look, Fayleigh, I know you're pissed at me, but I have a right to know when you're going to be home so I'm not pacing the floor, worried about you,” I say very sternly. 
“I'll be home when I damn well feel like it,” she says again before hanging up on me.
I can't believe she just hung up on me. She might as well not even come home. I'm going to rip her head off when I see her. How dare she hang up on me!

Fayleigh doesn't make it home until nine o’clock that night. I doubt the salon was open till nine on a Sunday. 
Before she even has a chance to set her purse down, I snap at her. “How dare you fucking hang up on me! How old are you?”
She throws her purse on the table and shouts, “I had nothing more to say to you. I have nothing to say to you now!” she shouts.
“You have nothing to say to me, huh? Well I'm not sleeping in a bed with someone who isn't talking to me,” I shout back.
“That's fine, I'll sleep in the guest house,” she says, talking with her hands.
“Fine.”
“Fine!” she shouts back, stomping down the stairs.
How long is this fight going to last? She has to talk to me eventually.

Monday Fayleigh still isn't talking to me. 

Tuesday we argue about how she thinks the maid isn't doing her job well enough. Which sets me into another yelling match with her. Rosa has worked for me since I bought this place. Diego, my mechanic, is her husband and they live in a big house on my property. They have been with me since before Fayleigh, and they have been very loyal to me. They've never stole from me, and they go above and beyond what I ask of them. 

Wednesday we argue about me working too much. How can I be working too much when she doesn't even want to be around me? 

Thursday she starts an argument with me about my cars, and I've had it with all this fighting.
“It's not like I don't have a driver’s license,” Fayleigh shouts at me. “I don't understand what's so damn special about your fucking cars that I can't drive one of them!” she shouts more.
“Fayleigh, you've been with me since I started this collection, and I told you from the beginning this was going to be my thing and no one is driving my cars. It's like you not wanting anyone to read your collector novels but you,” I shout back, knowing I’m right.
“Bullshit, what a shitty comparison.”
“How the hell is that a shitty comparison? Your collection means a lot to you, and my car collection means a lot to me. And not to mention, my collection costs a hell of a lot more than your stupid novels do,” I shout back, crossing my arms.
“Oh, I'm Tori, I'm rich, and I can spend my money on expensive cars, but I'm too much of a stuck-up bitch to let my girlfriend drive one,” she says, trying to sound like me.
I throw my bottle of beer at the wall and yell, “That's it! I can't take any more of this fighting! We're done, Fayleigh! Pack your shit and get the hell out of my house!” I scream at the top of my lungs.
A shocked look comes over her face. “What? No, Tori, please, I'm sorry. All this fighting, it's my fault.” Now she wants to take the blame. 
I'm fuming mad now. “Damn right it's your fault. None of this fighting ever would have started if you just would have talked to me about how much it was bothering you that I hadn't told my parents about us. My dad still isn't talking to me, and my mom has no faith that our relationship will last. And now I've had it. I can't be in a relationship like this anymore.” I growl the words at her, “We're done!” 
Fayleigh drops down on her knees and puts her hands together like she's praying. “Please, Tori. I'll make this right. I love you. We're meant to be together, you're my soul mate. Please, forgive me, we can work this out,” she begs me, as if her life depends on it.
Even seeing her in the weakest position I've ever seen her in, my anger is still not leaving. “I want you out by the time I get home from work tomorrow,” I say, stomping away from her toward the bedroom. 
Slamming the bedroom door shut, I sit down in the chair by the door. I can hear her crying in the hall. “Please, Tori, I love you,” she says between sobs. “Please, I can't live without you.”
I can't take this. If I stay and listen to her, I'm going to give in to her, and I'm done. I'm not in love with her anymore.
I grab my car keys and head out of the bedroom to the garage.
She's still kneeling on the floor in the same place I left her. Crying with her head in her hands.
She looks up at me with hope in her eyes, then notices the keys in my hand. “No!” she shouts, lunging toward me to grab my ankles. She misses grabbing me and I keep on walking. “Please don't leave. We need to talk. You can't leave me, I need you!” She's crying so hard I can barely understand what she's saying. 
I jump in the Ferrari. Pulling out of the garage, I look in my rear view mirror to see Fayleigh running after me. I can't come back home tonight. It kills me to see her like this, but I can't take it anymore. She brought this on herself. 
I drive around for two hours, thinking to myself, and coming to the conclusion I've made the right choice. I grab my phone and call Dallas.
“Hey, pretty lady. What can I do ya for?” answers Dallas in his happy gay voice.
“Can I come over? Actually would you mind if I stay the night?” I ask, feeling a little awkward. Dallas has stayed at my place many times, even lived with me for a while. I've never once stayed at his place. 
Dallas's gay happy voice turns serious. “Honey is everything okay? Of course you can stay with me. My house is your house. You come and tell Dallas all your problems.”
“Thanks, Dallas. I'll be there in about 15 minutes.”
“I'll pour the wine,” he replies.
After parking in front of Dallas's huge home, I knock on his front door.
He answers with worry in his face. “Okay, now you have me really worried. You never knock. What's got you so frazzled?”
He hands me a glass of wine and we sit down on the sofa. 
“I just broke up with Fayleigh,” I say, staring into the glass of wine.
Dallas chokes a little on the drink of wine he just took. “Oh, my God. You broke up with Fayleigh? What happened? Was she cheating on you? Do you want me to bitch slap her?” he asks, holding his glass of wine and talking with his other hand. 
“No, she wasn't cheating on me. I'm just sick of all the fighting. We've fought every night this week. She couldn't seem to pull her head out of her ass long enough to sit down and talk with me like a grown adult, until I told her I was done with her. I told her to be out by the time I got home from work tomorrow.”
“Did she get down on her knees and beg for forgiveness,” he asks sarcastically.
“As a matter of fact, yes, she did,” I state.
“No, you’re kidding.” His shocked look is back in place.
“That's why I left. If I stayed, I may have taken her back, and I don't want her back. I don't want her at all. I'll be better off without her.” I hope I'm not trying to convince myself this is what I believe.
Dallas crosses his legs. “Honey, of course you'll be better without her. You are too good for her. Now that Ryder, he really seems to have a thing for you. Too bad that didn't happen sooner,” he points out.
I haven't thought about Ryder since I saw him Saturday. “I've been so busy fighting with Fayleigh, I forgot I have a dinner date with him Friday. Well, actually I told him it wasn't a date. But that's because I was in a relationship with Fayleigh.”
Dallas uncrosses his legs and leans forward. “You never told me this. You're not keeping secrets from me now, are you?” He gives me a pouty face.
“If I remember right, you were supposed to call me Sunday, and I never heard from you.”
“You didn't call me either, girly. But you've had a lot going on, so how about you fill me in on how the rest of Saturday night went?”
I share with Dallas my unforgettable Saturday night with Ryder. Dancing, him punching Ace in the face so hard he landed 10 feet away, and the kiss.
Dallas looks like someone could knock him over with a feather. He leans further forward toward me. “He kissed you. What did you feel, anything? How was it, is he a good kisser?”
“All that and you want to know about the kiss,” I say, smiling. “He's a very good kisser. Too good; I was ready to do more than kiss. At least until Fayleigh popped into my head, after he asked me to stay the night with him.” Sighing, I could have had Ryder.
“Humph, that Fayleigh ruining what could have been your first time with a real man.” Dallas grabs the bottle of wine and pours us another glass.
“I gave him my phone number before I left, but he hasn't called. I have no idea where to meet him tomorrow, what time, or if the date is even still on.” I'm feeling a little depressed now. What if he doesn't call? Opportunity really was knocking at my door and someone else may have answered it.
Dallas puts his hand on my knee, “Don't worry about it, Tori. He was so excited to hear you were at the class reunion, there's no way he's not going to call. Maybe he's just been really busy, or maybe he's thinking about the fact you have a girlfriend, and that if he calls you she may become suspicious,” he reassures me. 
Yawning big, I take another drink of my wine. “Good point. Although since Fayleigh and I haven't been talking, I'm sure she never would have noticed I've been talking with someone new.”
Dallas takes my glass of wine from me and grabs the now empty wine bottle on the table. “You look wore out. Let me get the spare bedroom ready for you. You still have to go to work tomorrow.”
“Thanks, Dallas. I really appreciate this.” I couldn’t ask for a better best friend. 
He shakes his head. “No need to thank me. You're welcome here anytime. It's too bad you have to work tomorrow. This is your first time spending the night at my place. We could have had a slumber party, with prank phone calls and gossip,” jokes Dallas.
“That would have been fun,” I say, laughing. “Another night maybe.” He's just put a big smile on my face, and taken some weight off my shoulders. Which I know was his goal. 
I help myself to a glass from the kitchen cabinet and fill it with water. “By the way, how did it go with Leevi after the reunion?”
Dallas gets a big smile on his face. “Very well. I've seen him every night since then. I guess that's why I haven't called, I've been very, let’s say, wrapped up in him,” he giggles a little.
“Who's keeping secrets from whom now?” I say, giving him a hard time. “So is this going to turn into a relationship or are you two just fuck buddies?”
“I really think this is going to be a relationship.” He sounds positive and confident. “We've been learning a lot about each other. The sex is great, but I've gotten to know him as a person, too, and I'm attracted to his mind, as well as his body.”
Helping Dallas stretch out the fitted bed sheet, I say, “I'm really glad to hear that. You deserve to be in a happy and healthy relationship.”
He grabs the next sheet out of the dresser drawer. “Yeah, I've really missed being with someone. I'm going to take it slow with Leevi, though.”
“You mean you’re not going to date him for a month and then ask him to move in?” I ask sarcastically. When Dallas falls in love, he falls hard. And fast.
He grabs the comforter from the closet. “Hey now, I've learned my lesson. Live and learn, you know.”
We finish making the bed and I give Dallas a big hug and thank him again before climbing into bed. “I'll probably be gone before you get up in the morning,” I say. “I need to stop at the store for some clean clothes.”
“Okay, honey, no worries, sleep well.” He flips off the light and closes the door.
Three o'clock in the morning, Dallas loudly whips open the bedroom door, the hall light shining bright on my eyes. Startled out of a dead sleep, I sit up quickly. 
“Tori, you've got a big problem,” he says to me.







Chapter 9

My heart is sitting in my throat. “What is it? What's happened?”
He sits on the edge of the bed, wide-eyed, “It's not what's happened, but what will happen.” Dallas’s dream ability to see the future must have happened tonight. “When you get home from work tomorrow, Fayleigh's still going to be there. That crazy bitch is going to handcuff herself to the end of the bedrail until you sit and talk with her.”
I look at him, dumbfounded. “That bitch is crazy,” is the only thing I can think to say.
“So what are you going to do now?”
Staring at the comforter, I think for a minute. “I'll just call Todd in the morning and have him tell Rosa to pack Fayleigh's shit and kick her out.” Can it be that easy?
“You know she's not going willingly.” He points out something I already know.
“I know. I'll just tell him to call the cops if she puts up too much of a fight.” I have no option but to do so.
Dallas doesn't look as shocked now. “I hope that works.” He stands up and heads to the door. “Good luck tomorrow,” he says before closing the door behind him.
I wake with the sun shining bright through the unclosed shade at seven in the morning. 
Immediately I reach for my phone to call Todd. “Todd, its Tori. I broke up with Fayleigh last night and I told her I wanted her out of my house by the time I get home from work. Have Rosa help her pack her shit and get out. If she puts up a fight, call the cops. I expect her gone when I get home,” I tell him in a stern voice.
“Yes, ma'am. Not a problem. I'll take care of it,” replies Todd.
Before hanging up, I say, “Be sure you do. I'm in no mood to come home to her shit.”
I grab a granola bar from Dallas's cupboard and make my way to the car, locking the door to his house behind me. I need to get some clean clothes before I go to work. I'll just stop at one of the stores on the way.
I quickly find a pair of jeans and a comfy T-shirt, and I'm back on the road, heading for the location of the movie shoot.

“Good morning, Ms. Lane,” says Shane, one of the makeup professionals. “You've got about forty-five minutes before you're on, let’s get you into makeup.” He points towards his makeup station. 
I'm surprised by how well Susie is remembering her lines today. The day is going by fast, and before I know it, its lunch time.
On my way out to grab lunch, I bump into Shane, holding six of my favorite flowers, the rare and hard to find Thai Plumeria Flower. “These were just delivered for you, Tori,” he says, handing them to me with a small card. “Think they're from your girlfriend?”
What? Word sure spreads fast. “How do you know about my girlfriend?”
Shane smiles big. “I have my ways.”
I give him a disapproving look. “Actually, I broke up with my girlfriend last night.” Let’s see how fast that gets spread around.
“I seriously hope it isn't because of what everyone else thinks.” Shane is openly gay, though you would never know it by the way he talks. He sounds like a straight guy, he doesn't talk with his hands, doesn't sway his hips when he walks, and there's definitely no drama following Shane. He’s the complete opposite from the gay Dallas. “People are always going to talk. Don't let people belittle you by telling you you're going to hell, and you're a sinner for choosing this lifestyle. Who are those people to tell you you're a sinner? There's only one being who can judge me in the end, and that's the good Lord,” Shane tells me, determined. He continues by saying, “Allowing people to talk down to you about your choice in dating someone of the same sex is like allowing someone to tell you you're stupid and ugly and you'll never amount to anything. You would never let someone talk to you like that. Don't let anyone change your mind on who you can and cannot love.”
Shane is such a sweet person, and he has a very good point, but fortunately it doesn't apply to my situation. “No one influenced my decision to break up with my girlfriend. We've just been fighting a lot, and I'm sick of it. All the fighting was wearing on me emotionally and physically.”
He sighs. “Well that's too bad. At least you realized it was time to end it before things got any worse. Maybe these flowers are an apology.” He's eyeing the small card he just handed me. “Open the card let’s see who they are from.”
So nosy. “I think I'll open the card in private.” 
“Have it your way. But I'll find out eventually.” Shane walks away smiling.
These can't be from Fayleigh; she thinks my favorite flowers are roses. These flowers are so hard to find, I don't even bother telling anyone what my true favorite flower is. Setting the flowers down on the table, I open up the card.

One flower for every day I've waited to see you.
Looking forward to tonight.
I'll call you later for your address.
Until then,
Ryder

How sweet. I can't wait to see him tonight. I put the card back in the envelope. Picking up the flowers, I deeply inhale their beautiful sent. I hope these can make it until after work to be put in a vase of water.
Work is over before I know it. Things went well today, but I can't wait to get home and start getting ready for my date with Ryder. I really hope Fayleigh's gone by the time I get home. I'll just call Todd before I leave here.
“Todd, its Tori. Is Fayleigh gone?”
“Not without me having to call the cops. But yes, she is gone now,” he says firmly.
I really shouldn't be surprised he had to call the cops after Dallas's dream last night. “How bad was it?” I ask.
“Well, she grabbed the boxes Rosa had packed of her things and dumped it out onto the floor. Then she started yelling at Rosa, saying she wasn't going anywhere while getting in her face. Before things could get any more out of hand I called the cops. They actually had to hogtie her she was so out of control. She spit in one of the cops’ faces and bit another one. Rosa finished packing her things and sent it with the cops.” 
“Wow, I was expecting it to be hard to get her out. But I wasn't expecting that. I'm so glad I wasn't there, it just would have made things all the worse.”
“They said they'll be keeping her overnight for assaulting them.”
“Sorry it's been a rough day for you, Todd. But thank you for not letting things get out of hand. I'll be home shortly.” I do feel bad they had to put up with Fayleigh's shit, but what I pay them more than makes up for one day of a crazy bitch.
“See you soon, Ms. Lane.”

On my drive home, I start thinking. Fayleigh's never been to jail. Maybe I should post her bail. No, no I can't do that. She needs to sit there and cool down, figure out where she's going to go when she leaves there, and it better not be trying to come back to my place.
Waving at Todd as I pull through the gates, I give him the sign language sign for thank you through the closed car window.
Parking in front of the house, I grab my flowers from the passenger seat, knowing Diego will park the car in the garage for me later. I have the perfect vase for these. I think I'll put them next to my bed on the nightstand.
Now what should I wear tonight? I have no idea where we're going. Should I wear a cocktail dress? A simple summer dress? I have no idea. Pushing my dresses back and forth in the closet, I come across my beautiful black cocktail dress. This is perfect. It's simple, and not overly dressy. Staring at it, I notice my vision is starting to get fuzzy. Oh no, not tonight, I have a date.

“Neferatari, I have an assignment for you. There's a vampire who's been in Vegas for six days, he has killed someone each night he has been there. He's out of control, and I'm worried if this goes any further, we risk the chance of him exposing us. I need you to go to his hotel room and kill him. He is staying at Hard Rock Hotel, room number 3360. You know I don't like to waste time, the sooner you kill him, the better. Can you get this done tonight?”

I badly want to tell the Master Overlord it will have to wait until tomorrow, but when I agreed to become a vampire assassin, I knew there were things I would be giving up. I don't get to live the happy, ignorant life to vampires like everyone else does. 

“Yes, sir. I'll be at his hotel room before he leaves for the night, to rid this problem.”
“Very well.”
I'm still holding onto the black cocktail dress when my vision comes back into focus. Hopefully Ryder doesn't have any plans tomorrow night, maybe we can reschedule for then. 
Stepping out of my walk-in closet, I can hear my phone ringing out in the kitchen.
Shit, that's probably Ryder. I make a mad dash down the hall toward the kitchen and answer my phone before it has a chance to send him to voicemail.
“Hello.” I'm trying hard to not sound like I was just running.
“Hi, Tori? This is Ryder.”
“Hi, Ryder, yes it's me, Tori.”
“How was your day, beautiful?” He has his sexy voice in place now. 
I'm smiling so big, my cheeks hurt. “It was a good day. I got the flowers you sent to me. I wish I could say more than thank you. They are so rare. How did you know that's my favorite flower?” It wasn't something he asked me the other night.
“You are most welcome. You smell like them, so I took a guess, hoping that's what your favorite flower is.”
I smell like them? How strange. I don't have any perfumes that smell even remotely close to them, and the last time I've held one of these flowers was at my grandmother’s funeral two years ago.
“So I was thinking I would pick you up in about an hour and a half for dinner. What's your address?”
Crap, I desperately don't want to cancel this date. “Well…there's actually a problem I've run into.” Damn vampires ruining my date. “We've had some choreographic problems in the stunt area, and I'm still at work.” I hate lying, yet I feel like I have to do it a lot when it comes to my second life. “They’re not expecting us to get finished here until close to midnight. I was hoping, if you don't have anything going on tomorrow night, we could reschedule for then?” I ask, biting my lip.
“I understand, it's not one of those jobs you can just have someone fill in for you.” I can hear disappointment in his voice. “Tomorrow night will be fine. How about you text me your address and I'll plan on picking you up tomorrow around 5:30?”
“That sounds perfect. I'm so sorry about this.” Sorry that vampire couldn't keep his eating habits under better control. “Thank you again for the flowers. I put them beside my bed and the whole room smells like them now.”
“Won't your girlfriend question where those came from?”
Hmm, do I tell him we broke up, or should I tease him a little, keep him with the thought he's 'going to steal me from her'? “I'll tell her I bought them for myself.” I think that sounds believable.
“Lucky flowers. Wish I was the one beside your bed.” I can tell he's smiling.
“I'm sure you do. Tomorrow night then?”
“Yes, 5:30. Don't forget to text me your address.”
“I'll send it right after work. Have a good night.”
“You too. Don't work too hard.” His voice is sweet, but I can hear his disappointment. 
I laugh into the phone. Neither job is an easy job. I always work hard. “Goodbye, Ryder.”
“Bye, Tori.”
At least I have enough time to grab some dinner before I leave for the kill. I make my way to the kitchen and open the fridge. Yum! Rosa made meatloaf for dinner last night. Of course I didn't get any because Fayleigh was being a crazy bitch. I wonder where she'll stay when she gets out of jail. Do I really care? As of right now, no, I couldn’t careless where she plans to stay. I just hope I never have to deal with her again, but I know that's just wishful thinking. I'll hear from Fayleigh again, I just don't know when. Why does breaking up have to be so difficult? No one ever seems to end a relationship and still truly be friends afterwards. Remembering when Fayleigh brought home that girl to “spice” up our love life, when I had told her to leave, she said, “You'll never find someone like me again.” Now that we've officially broken up, my thought is, I should hope not! If I don’t want you, why would I want someone like you?
I suppose I should get to that hotel and assassinate that vampire who has ruined my night. Just for that, he's going to suffer a little before he meets the devil. 
Chapter 10

The valet at the Hard Rock Hotel looks like a guy about my age and he must be a gearhead. “This is a beautiful Enzo. V12, dual overhead cams. This car can reach 221 miles per hour. What's the fastest you've had this?” he asks, undressing my car with his eyes.
“I've gotten to 210 miles per hour. Sucks a lot of gas when I'm going that fast, though.”
“I would bet so,” replies the valet. “Is this your car, or your boyfriend's?”
I can tell he's trying to hit on me, and he's a good looking guy, but I have no interest in dating anyone but Ryder. 
“This is my car. Excluding the forced valet parking, no one drives this car but me,” I say sternly. 
“I could understand that. If I had a car this nice, I wouldn't let anyone drive it either.” Agreeing with me, he smiles, knowing he's going to get to drive it. Just to a parking spot, but that's beside the point to a gearhead.
“Marcus, are you going to park that car anytime soon, or do you still want a job?” shouts his manager from the door.
“Parking it now sir sorry.” He looks defeated climbing into my car. I give him a small sympathetic smile and head inside. Room 3360, is on the third floor I'm guessing, and I push the elevator button. The elevator door opens on the third floor. Rooms 3280 to 3365 to the right. Easy enough. I stop in front of room 3360 and pat my jacket to make sure I can easily reach the stake. 
Before I can knock, the door flies open. Standing before me is a six foot four, well-tanned, older vampire, looks to have died in his mid-fifties before becoming a vampire, dressed in all blue, with ice blue eyes. “Tori Lane, I have been expecting you,” says the tall vampire with the same icy chill in his voice as his eyes have.
He's been expecting me? How does he know my name? None of the vampires I've assassinated have ever known my name, or that I was coming. Before I can ask myself any more questions, the tall vampire grabs me by my jacket, jerking me into his room so hard we do a tumbling back flip over each other. We both land on our feet and he grabs me by the neck, holding me above the floor, pressed against the wall. 
Holy shit, this vampire is stronger than most. There's no way he's a newborn. What the hell is going on?
“There's no way I'm going down without a fight,” snarls the vampire, fangs out and ready to bite.
I crunch my abs bringing my legs up in between us, kicking him into the wall on the other side of the room. He charges back at me fast, without enough time to pull the stake out of my jacket. Jumping on top of me and pinning me to the ground, he pushes my hands down above my head, ready to bite. I'm within just enough reach of the metal bedframe. Ripping the leg off the bedframe, I jab it into the vampire’s back, knowing it will only spare me a little time to get out from under him.
“Ahh, you bitch!” he screams, standing up, and trying, but failing to reach the metal sticking out of his back, giving me just enough time to pull the stake from my jacket. Charging towards him, he drops to the ground, grabbing my leg, causing me to trip. Palms down, I use my hands to stop me from landing on my face. 
He jumps on my back. “Nice try, but that's not going to slow me down enough for you to kill me before I kill you,” he says beside my ear, letting his fang graze my earlobe. 
Rolling over under him, the stake has slid across the room out of my reach, but my hands are still free. Grabbing the vampire’s head, I twist hard, ripping his head from his shoulders, letting warm, gushing blood cover me and all of the room.
His blood is running down my face in streaks. “Slowed you down enough for you to forget my strength, fucker,” I say, jumping to my feet and throwing his head onto the bed. 
Whew. That was an exhausting fight. I liked the challenge, but that was weird. Usually I'm a much faster assassin. I’m bummed I didn't get to torture him for ruining my night. I can feel the vampire’s blood running down my face. Each line of blood beginning to feel cold, and like it’s starting to harden. Crossing the room to the bathroom, I look at myself in the mirror and I notice right away that I certainly can't walk out of here looking like this. There's blood all over me. Just then, there's a knock at the door. Shit! I hope no one called security because of all the banging around in here. 
Looking through the peephole, I see two vampires standing at the door, a guy and a woman. 
Oh shit, were these his friends? Probably staying across the hall from him and ready to go out for another night on the town.
“Ms. Lane, the Master Overlord has sent us for clean up,” says one of the vampires.
I open the door and they smoothly walk in. No need to invite them in, this wasn't my hotel room.
The woman vampire hands me a change of clothes. “You go clean up and we'll start cleaning out here. You can't leave here looking like that.” She has a very soft and kind voice. Probably a kindergarten teacher when she was alive.
Taking the change of clothes, I say, “Thank you,” before heading into the bathroom. I'll just take a real quick shower and then finish cleaning up when I get home. It makes me uneasy knowing there are two vampires just outside of the bathroom I'm in. Even if they were set by the Master Overlord. 
When I step out of the bathroom, the two vampires have almost got the room back into normal condition. No dead vampire's ashes in the room, the bedframe has been replaced, and almost all the blood has been removed.
“Just leave your bloody clothes in the bathroom, Ms. Lane. We'll take care of those. You have a good rest of the night,” says the woman vampire.
“Thank you. You two have a nice night as well.” And with that I leave the Hard Rock Hotel accomplishing another assassination.

The next morning I didn't wake until almost noon. Last night was definitely hard work. It was nice being able to sleep in. It was even nicer not having Fayleigh hogging the whole bed. I actually got to sleep in the middle of my bed for the first time in almost a year. It was very peaceful and comfortable. Really thought I would miss Fayleigh, but I feel relieved, like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders. To be honest with myself, I don't think it's just the fighting I'm relieved of, but also that I'm not living my life in a way I've truly always know isn't right for me. Being in a relationship with another woman isn't me; it's just too bad it's taken me this long to figure it out. I reach for my phone on the nightstand beside my flowers from Ryder. Two missed calls from Dallas and a text message from Ryder. Crap, I forgot to text him my address when I got home last night. All I could think about when I got home was taking a real shower, changing into my pajamas, and going to bed. 
I read Ryder's text message: “Tori I hope you haven't forgotten about me. I need your address for our date tonight, and yes, I said date.” I shake my head, smiling, because he's still set on this being a date. I'll just text him my address and say see him tonight. After doing so, I head for the kitchen to grab some breakfast, well, I guess you'd say lunch since it's after noon now. I pour myself a bowl of cereal and grab my phone, planning to call Dallas back.
“Well it's about time you called me back,” says Dallas into the phone, sassy as ever. “Was your date with Ryder last night that good that you slept in? Oh, and how did it go with Fayleigh? Did she put up a fight? Did you have to call the cops?” He asks without pausing for me to answer the first question.
Pop quiz from my favorite person. “Fayleigh didn't want to leave. Todd called the cops on her and she spent the night in jail for assaulting the cops.” I have no regrets letting her spend the night in jail. Crazy bitch.
“No! What did she do?” asks Dallas, acting surprised.
“She spit in one of the cops’ faces and bit another,” I say matter-of-factly. 
“That bitch is crazy,” states Dallas. 
“You got that right.” That will probably become her new name whenever we're talking about her: 'Crazy bitch.’
“Serves her right, having to spend the night in jail. Maybe it will do her some good,” Dallas says. I can tell he's happy Fayleigh and I are done.
“Somehow I really doubt that.” I've known Fayleigh long enough to know she's going to still try to make up with me, even after she's spent the night in jail. I’m not looking forward to when that moment comes.
“How did your date go with Ryder last night, huh, huh, huh?” I can tell Dallas is smiling.
Frowning into the phone, I tell him I didn't get my date because I had to work. “But we're going out tonight instead,” I say happily.
“Did you get called back into work at the movie set, or for the other job?”
“Assassination last night,” I state. “And it was really weird. When I got to the hotel, the vampire knew I was there before I knocked. He said he was expecting me and he also knew my name. That's never happened before.” I’m still confused on how he knew.
“Weird. Can you ask the Overlord about it?” he asks, wondering too.
“I could, but I'm not sure if it's out of line to question him.” I’m still new as an assassin. I don't know if my parents have ever met the Master Overlord. So I would have no idea if I’m allowed to contact him. Or how I would contact him for that matter.
Dallas huffs into the phone. “You're not a vampire - what does it matter? And you're not questioning him, you're asking him a question,” he points out.
“I don't know. This is still kind of new to me. Maybe I'll ask my parents. I think that would be the best place to start.”
“Maybe they'll know if you're allowed to ask the Overlord questions.” He has a point on that.
“Maybe,” I reply, thinking they would have to know they worked for him for a good one hundred years.
“Anyways, you'll have to give me all the good, juicy details about your date tonight,” he says all giddy.
“I'll think about it,” I say, teasing him. “Did you see Leevi last night?” I ask, even though I already know the answer.
“Of course I did, and he stayed over. I'm worried I'm falling for him,” he pauses. “I really want to take things slow. I always rush into relationships and they never end well,” says Dallas matter-of-factly.
“You can fall for him and still go slow. Just don't ask him to move in yet, or to stay over every night for that matter. Be honest with him so he doesn't think you're pushing him away or that you're not interested in starting a real relationship.” Dallas really needs to be honest about his “multiple personalities” or he's going to end up in the same situation as Fayleigh and me. Leevi may start to think Dallas is embarrassed to be with him, when that's not the case at all.
“I don't know, Tori. You know it's really hard to open up and be honest with anyone; except for you, of course,” he says, stating the obvious. 
“Of course,” I say, smiling. “But Dallas if you're ever going to have a long-term relationship and find that one person you want to spend the rest of your life with, then you're going to have to open up.” Dallas deserves to be in a real relationship. He's a great guy, and a great catch.
He doesn't say anything for a moment, then says, “Maybe I'll give it a try; opening up. But if it doesn't work out, or he uses things against me, I may never be able to open up to any boyfriend ever again. And I’m certainly not telling him about my dreams. That's one secret no boyfriend will find out about unless we plan to get married.” I can hear the scared tone in his voice.
He's overthinking this. “You don't go telling him all your secrets in one night, or in one month for that matter. He has to earn those secrets from you through trust, and same goes for you with him.” I feel like a dating counselor right now. 
“Thanks, doll. You're always helpful. I love you, you know that, right?” He replies sweetly.
“I love you too, Dallas. I'll talk to you tomorrow about my date,” I say, smiling from ear to ear. I really do love my best friend.
“Okay love, talk to ya later,” says Dallas and then hangs up.
Hopefully, I was helpful. He can be so frustrating when it comes to dating. He overthinks things he shouldn't worry about, and under-thinks the things he should work on in a relationship.
Finishing my cereal, I decide I'll take a long bath before getting ready for my date. I love baths. I could sit in the tub for hours. Between the fish tank, TV, and the jets in the tub, I can't find a reason to rush myself out of the tub once I'm in. I start filling the tub and grab myself a big glass of ice water before climbing in. Let’s see its one o’clock now, I could sit in the tub for two and a half hours before I need to get out and get ready for my date with Ryder. 
By 3:30 I'm climbing out of the tub and drying off when my phone starts ringing with a number I don't recognize.
“This is Tori,” I say, wondering if it's a wrong number.
“Oh my gosh, Tori,” says a panicky voice on the other end. “This is Shelli. You have to come down to the ER right away. Fayleigh tried to kill herself.”
“Oh, my God,” I can't believe this. “I'll be there right away. What hospital are you at?” I can feel my anxiety rising. 
“Southern Hills Hospital. Please hurry. She won't let anyone help her until you get here.” Her voice sounds even more urgent.
I hit the end button without saying any more. Throw on a pair of jeans and a T-shirt, slip into a pair of sandals, and make a run for my car. 
I can't believe this, I just can't. I would have never thought she would have done something like this to get my attention. I was expecting her to show up at my gate and try to convince the guard to let her in. Or show up at my work and cause a commotion. What am I going to do with her? 
I hope she's okay. Stupid girl, she won't let anyone help her until I'm there. Why don't they just strap her to the bed and sedate her?
I speed by a cop on my way to the hospital, who doesn't even blink an eye to chase me. If there was any time for my monthly donating to the police to pay off, it's now. I donate to them every month to get away with speeding. What's the fun in having all these fast cars if I don't get to drive fast? Plus I have more than enough money to spare. In a way, it's like I'm paying my speeding tickets in advance, that's to say if I got speeding tickets. 
I park in the emergency lot at the ER and run inside to the desk. “Fayleigh Reed's room, please,” I ask the lady sitting at the desk.
She looks up at me very slowly as if I'm interrupting her quiet time and says, “Down the hall. Follow the screaming and yelling.” She looks back at her computer.
“Thanks, that was real helpful,” I say in a bitchy tone.
Running down the hall, sure enough I can hear Fayleigh yelling at the top of her lungs, “Don't touch me. No one touch me. I want my girlfriend, I know she's coming.”
I run into the room and it reminds me of last night after I ripped off that vampire’s head. She's bleeding from her wrists and her ankles. There's blood all over her clothes and the floor. There are two doctors and a nurse standing there trying their best to calm her down, and Shelli standing in the corner, frightened and unsure what to do to help. As soon as she sees me walk through the door, she runs into my arms, smearing me with her blood. Good thing blood doesn't gross me out.
“Oh, I knew you would come. I need you, I'm so scared. I'm so sorry. Please stay with me,” she says all this in between sobs.
“Oh, honey,” I say, stroking her hair. “It's okay, I'm here now. Everything's going to be fine.” I pick her up and carry her to the bed, not caring if anyone questions my strength. “You have to let these doctors take care of you. We need to stop the bleeding,” I plead to her.
Still crying and not letting go of me, she says between sobs, “Okay, but please don't go. Stay with me, please.”
I'm sitting on the edge of the bed, still holding her in my arms. “I'm not going anywhere, sweetheart. Everything's going to be fine, honey, everything's going to be fine,” I whisper to her, rocking her back and forth in my arms to calm her.
“Ma'am, we have to get her cleaned up so we can see how deep her cuts are,” says a tall, dark-haired doctor in his mid-thirties.
“Yes, of course. But, I'm sorry you're going to have to work around me or she's never going to let you touch her,” I tell the doctor.
“Very well,” says the frustrated doctor.
“Doctor Monroe, if you and the nurse have this under control now, I'm going to go check on the other patients,” says the other doctor, who's been standing quietly in the room. 
“Yes, we've got this, thank you,” replies Doctor Monroe. “Nurse, get me an IV sedative while I start cleaning up Fayleigh,” demands the doctor.
The nurse heads out the door and the doctor sits down on the bed next to Fayleigh and me. He has a tray of gauze pads and different things for cleaning up the blood and a solution to put over the wounds. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Shelli, who I forgot is here, move to one of the chairs in the room.
Looking at her, I mouth the words, “Thank you,” to her. She nods and relaxes a little, but still obviously very worried. 
The nurse returns just as Doctor Monroe finishes cleaning the last wound around Fayleigh's ankle. “Fayleigh, we're going to hook you up to an IV, to help make you relax a little,” says Doctor Monroe. 
“Tori, you won't leave me if I fall asleep, will you?” she asks, worried.
“No, I'm going to stay right here with you. I'll even lay in the bed with you if it will help you relax,” I reply, stroking her hair.
“Yes, please, stay with me,” she pleads.
Once the nurse has Fayleigh hooked up to the IV, it only takes ten minutes before she is out cold.  
Doctor Monroe looks at me and asks, “So you're Fayleigh's girlfriend?”
“Ex-girlfriend as of two days ago.” I can't help but feel guilty. It is all my fault she tried to do this to herself. 
“That would explain the suicide attempt. Her cuts were only deep enough to make a mess. She looks much worse than what the cuts actually are,” Doctor Monroe states. 
Moving my arm out from under Fayleigh, I slide off the bed. “Shelli, did you find her like this, or did she call you? Tell me what happened,” I ask, trying to make since of all this.
“After they released her from jail this morning, she called me and asked if she could stay with me for a while. She told me it would be temporary because you would take her back after she took care of herself. I didn't read into that too much. But now I wish I would have.” Shelli is clearly feeling guilty about the situation, too. “I was watching TV in the living room when she walked out of the bathroom bleeding. She calmly asked me to take her to the hospital.”
“There's no way you could have predicted she was going to do something like this. It's all my fault she did this. And now I don't know how to make it right,” I say, reassuring Shelli it's not her fault. 
“Fayleigh clearly needs some help,” says Doctor Monroe. “We're going to have to keep her in the mental institution until we know she's no longer a harm to herself or anyone around her.”
“What should I do?” I ask, feeling helpless.
“If you don't want to be with her anymore, there's nothing you can do for her. Staying with her is only going to hurt her more, especially if you don't love her. We're going to keep her as long as it takes to make her healthy again.” Doctor Monroe is staring at me, not blinking. “You can stay and say goodbye to her when she wakes in the morning, but do not lead her on to think things are okay between you two and you're getting back together,” he tells me in a stern voice.
Thinking of no other questions for the doctor, I thank him before lying back down next to Fayleigh. “You can go, Shelli. You don't have to stay. Thank you so much for everything.” I don't want her to stay and continue to blame herself. 
“Don't thank me, I'm just glad I was home when she decided to do this, or things could have ended differently.” She's quiet in thought. “Are you two really over?” she finally asks.
“I love Fayleigh. But I'm no longer in love with her. She deserves the chance to find someone who will love her for a lifetime. And that's not me. Look what I've done to her,” I say, pointing to Fayleigh in the bed beside me.
“When she wakes, tell her she is still welcome to stay with me, when they let her out of the mental institution. I'll be there for her, she's always been a good friend to me,” Shelli says, looking at Fayleigh.
“I will. Thank you, Shelli.” I’m grateful Fayleigh has a good friend to help her through this. 
Lying here, I play with her red hair, letting it run through my fingers, my mind blank, but overwhelmed with guilt.
My phone starts vibrating in my pocket. Pulling it out I see I've got three missed calls from Ryder and two text messages. “I'm at your house and the guard said you left in a hurry. I hope everything's okay. Let me know.” The second message says, “Two nights in a row, if you don't want to see me just say so. Don't leave me hanging, thinking I have a chance to win your heart.”
Oh, Ryder, you do have a chance to win my heart. Maybe this just isn't meant to be. Maybe these are signs. I text him back, “I'm soooo sorry. There was an emergency. Fayleigh's in the hospital. Maybe we shouldn't see each other. I'm sorry.” I hate the thought of never seeing Ryder again, but I can't help but feel like I should take a hint from our date being canceled two nights in a row. Ryder doesn't respond to my text message or call me. I guess he feels the same way. He was so perfect too, but if it's not meant to be, it's just not meant to be.
I fall asleep next to Fayleigh, but wake early in the morning at 5:30 with a cramp in my leg. Two people sleeping in a hospital bed together isn't very comfortable, especially when I can't move much because I’m afraid I may lay on one of her IV tubes. Very quietly, and with little movement, I get out of the bed and pull the blanket up around Fayleigh. Coffee sounds really good right now. I'm sure the hospital cafeteria has to be open. Hopefully there's someone at the desk I can ask where the cafeteria is.
“Excuse me,” I say to the gal behind the desk, filing away papers. “Could you tell me where the cafeteria is?”
She's looks too young to be a nurse. She must be an intern. “Absolutely, its one floor down, next to the gift shop,” she says, smiling.
I wish I could be as perky as her this early in the morning, but I'm not a morning person. Particularly the nights I'm out late assassinating. “Thank you,” I say to her before walking to the elevator. 
The elevator door opens up directly in front of the cafeteria. I can smell the coffee before I even step out of the elevator. 
The hospital cafeteria is big and surprisingly very busy for this early in the morning. Walking through the line, I grab my cup of coffee, with two vanilla creamers, and a bear claw doughnut to eat, then sit down at one of the few empty tables. I hope Fayleigh doesn’t wake while I'm gone. Who knows how she'll react to me not being there. I still can't believe she went as far as to try killing herself to get my attention. If anything, it makes me not want to be with her even more. I'm so glad Shelli's willing to let her stay with her even after all this. It's too bad Shelli isn't gay, then she and Fayleigh could hook up. Hopefully Fayleigh will eventually forget about me. I feel terrible she's here, it really is all my fault, and I just never could have predicted this. I wonder if gossip queen Shane will know about all this on Monday.
I'm surprised Ryder didn't respond to my text last night. It's got to be for the best that we didn't get to go on our date. I don't want to be with someone who isn't understanding about an emergency. While thinking of Ryder, my phone vibrates in my pocket.
I read: “Do you mean what you said last night about us not seeing each other?” I’m surprised he's awake this early on a Sunday. His ears must have been burning.
“I'm sorry, Ryder. No I don't mean that. I was just really upset last night.” The only thing I had on my mind last night was helping Fayleigh.
“How's Fayleigh today? Everything okay?”
I don't think I want to tell Ryder why Fayleigh's in the hospital. If he doesn’t ask, I won't tell. “She's doing better. I slept here last night. I'll be glad to sleep in my own bed tonight.”
“Maybe we can meet for dinner this week. Or I could bring you lunch at work. I'll call you later and we can discuss.”
A smile reaches my face knowing he still wants to see me. “Sounds good. Talk to you later.” 
I guess I should get back up to Fayleigh. I finish my coffee and toss the empty cup into the garbage on the way into the elevator.
I can hear voices from Fayleigh's room when I reach it.
“I'm so glad you're okay,” I hear someone say to Fayleigh. Why does that voice sound so familiar? 
“I can't believe you would try to kill yourself for that bitch. Come back to me. You know I'll take care of you. I've never stopped loving you,” the woman begs. 
Chapter 11

Shit! That's Fayleigh's Ex, Tessa. How did she find out about Fayleigh? 
Eavesdropping on their conversation from outside the door, Fayleigh tells her, “She's not a bitch, Contessa. And I still love her. She's just not in love with me.” I can hear the sadness in her voice.
“You deserve to be loved. Let me love you.” Tessa sounds desperate. 
“I can't believe you would still love me after I cheated on you with Tori.”
What the hell? I didn't know that she cheated on her with me.
“You came back,” says Tessa.
What does she mean came back? I'm hearing things I will probably wish I never knew. 
“That's because Tori kicked me out when I brought home Shantelle.”
“Like I said before, what's wrong with her? Who wouldn't want to sleep with Shantelle? She's fucking hot. She's my favorite person to have a threesome with. And I know she's yours.” I had no idea Fayleigh had been with this Shantelle before. “Plus there was that weekend Tori went out of town and I stayed over there all weekend.”
You've got to be fucking kidding me. She cheated on me, and not only did she cheat on me, it was with her ex-girlfriend and in my fucking bed. I should walk away now before I do something that puts me in jail. 
“So what's her reasoning for breaking up with you?”
“I told her parents about us and she was pissed, because she knew they wouldn't be supportive about it. Her dad was so pissed, he threw a plate at me,” replies Fayleigh, still shocked.
“My parents love you,” says Tessa assertively. “Anyway, how long are they keeping you here?” she asks, changing subjects.
“Hopefully I'll be out sometime today.” 
Yeah, out of the hospital and into the mental institution, you cheating bitch.
“Where are you staying?” asks Tessa.
“I'll be staying with my friend Shelli. I work with her at the salon. And I've known her for about two years.”
“You can always come stay with me,” says Tessa hopefully. 
“I'll keep that in mind.” 
I can hear a movement on the bed and Tessa give Fayleigh a kiss.
I walk into the room fuming mad, and desperately wanting to punch them both in the face.
Tessa stands up from the bed as soon as she sees me enter the room. “You fucking bitch! What are you doing here? Are you satisfied with what you've done to her?” shouts Tessa at me, getting into my face. 
“Get out of my face, Contessa!” I shout, emphasizing the letters in her full name.
“Tessa, Tori please don't fight. You'll wake the other patients,” says Fayleigh quietly.
“Stay out of this, you cheating fucking bitch! I heard her say she spent the weekend with you when I was out of town,” I yell, not caring if I wake any patients. 
At that moment, one of the nurses walks in, at the same time Tessa slaps me in the face.
“Ladies, take this outside, or I'm calling security,” says the nurse to us.
That bitch did not just slap me! I won't lay a hand on her. If I slap her back she'll be lying on a bed next to Fayleigh. Looking at Fayleigh, I say, “I hope you two are very happy together. White trash should stick together.” And I stomp out of the hospital room.
I expected when I left today they would have to strap Fayleigh to the bed. That made it easier. I can't believe she cheated on me. I never once suspected she might have been cheating on me. If I wasn't immortal, I would have to get myself tested. When I get home, I'm going back to bed. Ugh, I can't sleep in my bed with those sheets. I know they've been washed many times since Fayleigh has cheated on me, but I just can't stand the thought of them having sex in my bed, on my sheets. Gross, I'm throwing those out as soon as I get home. It's still early, but by the time I get to Bed Bath and Beyond, they should be open. I've always wanted a satin or silk bedding set, but Fayleigh's always insisted on her high count soft cotton shit. I'm actually really excited now. It's going to be a good way to cleanse myself of Fayleigh. 
I reach Bed Bath and Beyond just as they are unlocking the doors. They have both satin and silk bedding sets to choose from. I'm torn between the red or the black satin. Looking through some more of the bedding, I come across a black and red satin set. The comforter is black on one side and red on the other, the set comes with a black and red fitted sheet. The main sheet is reversible like the comforter, and it has two red pillow cases and two black pillow cases. I'm seriously really excited about this. 
I keep my excitement bottled inside as I check out at the register.
On the drive home I ponder what I'm going to do with my day. It's still early and now I'm too hyped up about my new blankets to want to take a nap. It's kind of sad how something as simple as new bedding can make me so happy.
It's a straight shot home, no stoplights from here, but someone from behind rear-ends me. Looking in my rearview mirror, I see a white Escalade speeding up before hitting the back end of my car again, this time hard enough to pit maneuver me, making my car start to roll. I brace myself for the roll. 
One, two, three times my car rolls, with me still inside. The car stops rolling, landing on the roof of the car, sliding another five feet before coming to a full stop. 
I'm feeling a little dizzy from the rolling, but that's it, no cuts, bruises or broken bones. I unhook my seatbelt, dropping down onto the roof of the car. Climbing out the broken window, I look around. Not a car in sight. Okay, what the hell was that about? Things are getting weird. First the vampire who knew my name and was expecting me, and he put up one hell of a good fight. Now I think someone is trying to kill me. Could a vampire be trying to kill me? There are vampires who can come out in daylight. The vampires who are very, very old. Or maybe that bitch Tessa followed me. I could see her trying to kill me, because Fayleigh cheated on her with me. I climb back in through the broken window to find my cell phone, and call Diego.
Diego answers on the first ring. “Hi Diego, it's Tori, I've been in an accident. I need you to bring the tow truck and pick me up,” I say calmly. 
I give Diego my location and we hang up. It will be a good thirty to forty-five minutes before he gets here. He'll have his work cut out for him this week, but I know he won't mind. He tells me often how much he loves this job and he thanks me for giving him the privilege of working on such beautiful cars. This road doesn't get much traffic so I doubt there will be anyone stopping. I think I'll give Dallas a call while I'm waiting for Diego. 
Dallas answers the phone in a happy, joking voice, “What's happenin’, hot stuff?”
It makes me giggle. “Thanks, I needed that. I just rolled my car,” I say as if it's something that happens to me every day.
Dallas makes a gasping sound. “You did? Are you okay?” I know he's worried, even though he knows deep down I’m immortal, and there isn't much I can't recover from.
“Well, I didn't exactly roll it, someone hit me from the rear and rolled me.” I continue, “I'm okay, Diego's on his way to get me.” Reassuring him there's nothing to worry about.
“Wow, that's crazy. Any idea who it was?” Dallas asks, confused. 
“I’m going back and forth between a vampire and Contessa, Fayleigh's ex-girlfriend.” I can't seem to decide which, but it's got to be one of the two.
“Contessa, why would she, what's going on?” Dallas is flabbergasted.
I fill him in about not getting to go on my date, again, with Ryder, and Fayleigh's crazy act, and what I overheard about her and Contessa.
“Girl, I told you that bitch was crazy. Hope they keep her in the crazy bin and don't let her out.” He pauses for a moment. “Have you talked to your parents about asking the Overlord questions? If it wasn't that Contessa that rolled you, then there must be something going on that you're not aware of,” he points out, and reminding me I need to call my parents.
“No, I haven't talked to them yet.”
Dallas makes a gruffing sound into the phone. “Okay, I'm letting you go. You call them as soon as you get off the phone with me. Got it?” he says forcefully. 
My bossy best friend, “Yes sir. I'll get right on that, sir.”
“Smart ass,” he laughs. “Call me later and be safe, I love you.”
“I love you too, Dallas.” I really do love that man. I would be lost without him in my life. As soon as we hang up, I do what my bossy friend says and give my mom a call. 
She answers on the second ring. “Good morning, Tori. How's your Sunday going?”
“Ugh, could be better, Mom. Someone just hit my car from the rear and made me roll my car.” It's too early to have so much drama going on.
“Oh, honey, are you okay?” My mom's worried, but she isn't frantic.
“Yes, I'm fine, and Diego's on his way to get me and the car. But I'm a little worried.” Yeah, just a little.
“Well, I should say so. Who do you think it was?” asks my mom, curious if I have any ideas.
“Well, I've got two ideas, a vampire, or Fayleigh's ex-girlfriend, Tessa.” I fill my mom in on what happened two nights ago with the vampire, and on what happened last night with Fayleigh.
“First, I'm sorry to hear about Fayleigh, though I'm sure the breakup was for the best. Now you can find a nice man to be with.” I roll my eyes at my mom’s discretion. “As for the vampire, it's not that strange for a vamp to know you're coming, especially the really old ones. They put up a good hell of a fight, don't they?” My mom has a small volume of excitement in her voice.
“That's for sure. I don't believe I've killed many old vampires,” I say, trying to recall my most memorable assassinations, and two nights ago is definitely at the top of my list. “I would think the older they are, the more in control of themselves they are, and would want to live quietly among the humans.”
“Some of the really old vampires have been around so long they are just ready for it all to end. And what better way to leave this world than to go out fighting?” I vaguely recall my parents telling me vampires sometimes get depressed, and when they do, they go off the deep end, and then go on a killing spree. “Unfortunately, the Master Overlord, although very powerful, cannot predict when a vampire is ready to end his life, no one can, not even the vampire who wants to die. I guess you could say it kind of hits them like the flu.”
“Okay, is it possible a vampire has figured out I'm their assassin?” I ask, trying to narrow it down.
“It's very possible. There are a lot of vampires out there who already know you’re the vampire assassin, but because they are trying to live peacefully among us, they honestly don't care who you are.” 
That's something I didn't know. “And I shouldn't be worried about this?” I ask.
“No, not really,” replies my mom calmly.
“Mom, I'm really not feeling any better. What I want to know is, if that was a vampire who made my car roll, what do I do next? Do I try to track them down, do I ask the Master Overlord if he knows who it is, or do I just wait for someone to try to kill me again?” I’m confused as to what I should do next.
“The Master Overlord has a strong connection with his assassins when it comes to other vampires, he will let you know if there's someone you need to be watching for or if you should track down the one who rolled your car. Being he hasn't broken through your thoughts, my guess is the person who rolled your car was not a vampire.”
“So it very well could have been Tessa?” Hmm, what to do with that? I can't let that fucking bitch get away with it.
“I suppose it could have been. My suggestion to you would be to track her down, maybe stalk her, and find out what kind of car she drives. If it was her, turn her into the cops and let them handle it.”
“Okay, thanks, Mom. I feel a little better.” I've learned a few things. There are vamps who know who I am, and even more important, the Master Overlord would know if there's a vamp trying to kill me. “Tell Dad I said hi and that I miss him.”
“I'll give him the message. I'm sure things between you two will get back to normal now that you're no longer with Fayleigh.” 
Yep, that's my dad, he's going to feel like he's got his way. I'm sure he'll act like my relationship with Fayleigh never happened. 
“Don't be surprised if he calls to apologize for his behavior, now that he no longer has to worry about you dating someone of the same sex.”
“Good, he should apologize. His behavior was uncalled for.” Although I have a feeling he won't really mean he's sorry. Actually, I doubt he'll even call. 
There's a pause between us. “You want me to stay on the phone with you until Diego gets there, honey?”
“No, that's okay, Mom. I was thinking of calling Fayleigh at the hospital to see if she knows what kind of car Tessa drives. If it was her car, then I can save myself the time of tracking her down, and just call the cops instead.”
“Good idea, honey. Good luck, and keep me up to date.”
We hang up and I dial 411 to get the number to the hospital. “Fayleigh Reed's room, please.”
“One moment, please,” says the voice on the other line.
Fayleigh answers the phone, sounding like she's been crying, “Hello.”
“Fayleigh...”
“Tori,” she interrupts me before I can say any more than her name. “I'm so sorry, I never meant to...”
I interrupt her back, “Save your apologies, Fayleigh! I need to know what kind of car Tessa drives.” I'm direct and to the point. I don't want to be on the phone with her any longer than I have to be.
She doesn't answer, but I can hear her still sniffling on the other end. “Why...why do you want to know what kind of car she drives? You’re not going to hurt her, are you?” she starts to sob.
“Ha!” I laugh into the phone loud enough I’m sure it startled her. “More like the other way around. I think she may have just tried to kill me. Someone driving a white Escalade just hit the rear end of my car, rolling my car with me in it three times,” I tell her, frustrated.
Again Fayleigh says nothing, pausing for even longer before asking, “Was there a rainbow decal in the top left corner of the windshield?”
“I don't recall, but can I assume since that's your first question, Tessa does own a white Escalade?” I ask once more.
“Well, she did when we were dating,” she says quietly.
“You don't recall her still owning it when you were cheating on me with her?” I ask bitterly. “Oh, that's right you were more worried about fucking her in my bed than to think about what kind of car she drives,” I let the sarcasm roll out of my mouth.
“Tori, I...”
“Save it, Fayleigh. I hope your girlfriend likes spending time in jail, because that's where she's heading.” I end our call before she can say anything more, and immediately call the cops to let them know everything.
The cops arrive about five minutes before Diego. I give them the story of what happened, and they take pictures before allowing Diego to flip the car over and hook it to the tow truck.
“We'll be in touch with you on what we find out,” says the younger cop to me. He hands me his card, “My name is Officer Donny Lominer. Don't hesitate to call me if you need anything, or if you remember anything else you may have forgotten.”
I thank the officers for their help and head back to my car, which is still sitting on its roof, to grab my new bedding set I just bought. Diego quickly gets the car put upright and we are on our way back home. 
I tell Diego, “Thank you for coming.”
“It no trouble at all, Ms. Lane.” Diego speaks what my father would call “broken English.” You can understand him well enough, but sometimes he doesn't make a complete sentence, or sometimes he gets the letters mixed around when he talks. His wife Rosa is the same way.
“That some accident, Ms. Lane. How it happened?” asks Diego.
I tell Diego what happened. Diego, like the rest of my employees, knows about my second life. They are all under a very strict contract to keep my second life a secret. I pay all of them very, very well, so I've never had a problem with any of them slipping up to someone. In fact, I pay for all of the utilities to Rosa and Diego's place that’s on my property, and I've never made them pay rent. I've given the same offer to a lot of my other employees, to build a house on my property for them, because it's not like I don't have plenty of property to spare. All the other employees already have their own homes and are happy where they are.
Diego stops at the front door of my house to let me out. I grab my new bedding and head straight for my bedroom. 
“These have got to go,” I say out loud to myself, yanking the blankets off my bed. I should put these in the garbage, or maybe burn them. I could donate them, or maybe put them in one of the guest rooms? I don't ever want to see these blankets again, I conclude. Maybe I'll see if Rosa and Diego would like to have them. I'm never at their place, so I'll never have to see them. Folding them up neatly, I walk them to the laundry room with a note to Rosa, letting her know if she wants them she can have them, and if not, she can send them out for donation. Though I wouldn't mind burning them, I think to myself evilly. I make my bed with the new black and red satin bedding set I just bought.
Taking a step back to look at the new bedding, I'm all excited again. “These look beautiful,” I say out loud, smiling to myself. 
Hmm, now what to do. I walk to my balcony and step outside. The balcony is large and overlooks the backyard. It's outlined with 6 tiki torches, it has two big reclining yard chairs, a large table in between them for drinks or eating out there, and an outdoor radio, with weather protected speakers surrounding the balcony. 
It's a beautiful June day. I think I'll have some lunch then go lay out in the sun.
I put on one of my tiny bathing suits. The bottoms are a black G-string and the top is black with only enough fabric to just barely cover my nipples, and very tiny strings to holding it on, preventing as many sun lines as possible, without tanning nude. Grabbing my beach towel and phone, I make a simple peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch, then head out to the backyard to sunbathe by the pool. 
I think I’ve laid out here sunning for about an hour on each side. It's getting way too hot to lie in the sun any longer, it's time for a swim. I get myself a bottle of water from inside and use the bathroom before climbing into the pool. 
Stepping back outside I hear my phone ding, indicating I have a text message. Picking up the phone I see the text is from Ryder. A big smile crosses my face as I read his text. 
“What you up to?” 
“I was sunning by the pool. Now I think I'll go for a swim.” I text back, still smiling.
“Can I join you?”
I giggle out loud and reply, “Sure, come on over. What time are you thinking?” I'm sitting at the edge of the pool, next to the steps, with my feet dangling in the water, and waiting for Ryder's reply. 
From behind me I hear, “How about right now?” 
Chapter 12

Surprised and thinking I'm by myself, I jump up out of the pool and turn around to see Ryder standing there with Luther. Ryder's eyes look like they're about to pop out of his head staring at my bathing suit, or lack thereof. 
“Sorry to scare you, Ms. Lane,” says Luther calmly. “Mr. Seff showed Todd and me your text messages and asked us not call to let you know he was here. Thought I better escort him to you at least.” Luther is being very professional, not ogling me.
“Thank you Luther, that will be all,” I say, my eyes locked on Ryder's smiling face. 
Luther leaves us and Ryder walks over to me, looking very sexy and confident. “Did I scare you?” he asks, chuckling.
Smiling big, I give him a playful girly slap on the arm. “Yeah, a little.” I notice how rock-hard his arm feels. 
“I'm sorry, I couldn't resist. Honestly, I was kind of surprised they let me in without calling you, even with the text messages.” Ryder's eyes are still as big as when he first saw me stand up.
“Can I get you something to drink?” I ask, suddenly feeling very nervous. Reaching down, I pull my beach towel off the chair and wrap it around myself. 
“Ice water would be great,” he says with his eyes going back to normal.
“Sure, I'll be right back,” I reply, speed-walking toward the back door. “Do you need to change into some swimming shorts?” I stop to ask before going inside.
He gives me his sexy smile and tilts his head a little. “I didn't bring any. I was just thinking about seeing you.” Aw, that's so sweet of him. “I can swim in my boxers,” he says, flirting with me.
I smile back and say nothing. That would be hot, Ryder Seff swimming in my pool in his boxers. Yes, definitely hot. 
I bring his ice water out to him, holding my beach towel still wrapped around me with my other hand. Looking out into the pool, I see Ryder swimming in just his boxers. The rest of his clothes are lying beside the pool. Oh, yes, that's fucking hot. 
He swims up to the edge of the pool by me. “Join me,” he says in an arousing voice. 
I knew Ryder put on some muscle since high school, but damn; damn is all I can say. He is fucking ripped, everywhere. With those arms and pecs, he could model for a men’s health magazine, and he doesn't have a six pack of abs, but an eight pack. I can just barely see his happy trail through the water, and his amazing sex lines. I suck in a breath of air, noticing he has his nipples pierced. His nipple rings are so sexy, I have sinful thoughts running through my head of wrapping my teeth around one of them. 
Sitting back down on the edge of the pool, I let my feet dangle in the water, keeping my towel tightly wrapped around me, as I hand him his water, smiling shyly.
He takes a drink and sets it next to my leg. “Have you gotten shy on me all of a sudden, Tori?” he asks, stroking my leg with his hand. 
His touch makes me tense slightly, forcing me to sit up straighter, as I feel the heat rolling off his hand. Thank God I shaved. 
“You have absolutely nothing to be shy about. You have a killer body. Toned everywhere,” he says, looking me up and down with eyes that could remove my towel without touching it. “And you are one of the first women I've seen outside of a magazine who has abs.” 
Ironic, I was just thinking about him in a magazine. I do have abs, nothing like his, mine are what most guys would classify as just the right amount for a girl. Girl abs let’s say. I unfold the towel and his eyes get really big again. He grabs my hand and slides me into the pool with him. 
“I have to say, this is a very sexy bathing suit,” he says, still holding my hand.
I can feel myself flush a little. “Thank you. It leaves very few tan lines.” I smile at him and let go of his hands to swim backwards away from him. 
He pushes off the wall and swims beside me. “I can see why, and it's hot.” We reach the other side of the pool and we both grab onto the edge. He finishes by looking in my eyes and saying, “You're hot.” His eyes are locked on me like a sorcerer who's just found his magic gem. “I know I've said it before, but you are a breath taking work of art.”
Batting my eyelashes at him I smile, and then graze his body with my eyes as I look down into the water. 
He puts his hand over mine. “You're not as outspoken and straightforward as you were the last time I saw you. Did you have a little liquid courage then?” 
That's got to be what it is. I really did have a lot to drink at the reunion. If I hadn't had anything to drink at all that night, I wouldn't have said even half the things I said that night, and I wouldn't have kissed him. I give him a nod, letting him know yes it was the alcohol. 
“Touch me,” he says, taking my hand from the water and putting it on his smooth chest. 
I can feel my lower body tightening up with excitement. I close my eyes and let him run my hand over his pecs, across his nipple ring, and over his abs. Waiting and wanting him to move my hand lower.
With his other hand he gently touches my face and pulls my lips to his. 
He takes my breath away; I have to remind myself to breathe as his tongue touches my lips. He pulls me closer to him, then without warning pulls me on top of him as he back swims towards the steps of the pool. 
He sets me on the step and leans in to kiss me again. I'm caving to him with every swirl of our tongues. He stops kissing me and asks with his eyes locked on mine, “When will your girlfriend be home?”
There's no use in playing that game anymore. I want him here and now. “She won't be coming home. I broke up with her,” I say, still trying to catch my head from spinning. His kiss feels magical. 
He doesn't ask when or why, he just leans in to kiss me again.
I've never had sex with a guy, but I want him inside me so bad, my lower body is so tight I could orgasm from just his kiss. I feel him brush his hand over the front of my very tiny bathing suit. I can't control myself; my whole body tightens inside, making me orgasm from that slight touch of his magic hand. My body quivers with a slight aftershock. 
He gently kisses my neck and softly says, “I told you I could make you soar.”
“That's an understatement,” I say, trying to re-gather myself. He's barely touched me and I’ve already orgasmed. What's it going to be like when we have sex? 
Before I can even think about coming down from the high of my orgasm, he picks me up and lays me on my beach towel on the pavement, and starts to take off my bottoms. Tossing them to the side, he leans down to kiss my belly before tugging lightly on my navel ring. 
It feels like I could have another orgasm at any second. He kisses the inside of my thigh, kissing and licking his way over to my clit. Gently he blows on my clit, and I start to orgasm again. He touches his tongue to my clit and gently licks it with just the very tip. The orgasm continues. I've never had an orgasm this quickly, or one that's lasted this long before. The orgasm continues and he continues to lick, softly and gently. I've been trying to be quiet because we are outside, but I can't hold it in any longer. “Ahhhhaa, oh my God, Ryder, yes.” I sit up a little, feeling like I'm out of my body and say to him, “Oh, oh, it just keeps going.” He pushes me back down onto the pavement with his hand and continues to lick. He stops licking only to blow on my clit again and my orgasm intensifies. I can't tell if it's the same orgasm or another one back to back, but this is amazing. After what feels like the longest orgasm in the history of orgasms, I start to come back to. 
He leans up out of the water and kisses me. “I take it your girlfriend has never made you orgasm like that before,” he smiles sweetly. 
I shake my head no and motion to him with my hand to trade places with me. “Take off your boxers,” I command.
He does as he's told, freeing his large erection from being trapped by his boxers. I watch his every move as he sits down on my beach towel. I'm kneeling on the top step, inside the pool looking at his very large penis. 
To say Ryder is well endowed would be an understatement. I can't wait to shove that whole thing in my mouth. My mouth is watering just looking at it. I lean up to kiss him, and his lips and tongue taste like me. I let my hands lead the way for my lips to follow over his ripped body. I pause momentarily to suck one of his nipple rings into my mouth, making him gasp. Grasping the shaft of his penis I gently stroke it a few times before teasing the head of his cock with my tongue. He releases his pre-ejaculation lubrication, inviting me to suck it off his tip. He moans a little and lies back onto the concrete. I tease his penis a little more, licking it up and down, swirling my tongue around the tip, and licking off his lubrication, I bring his penis into my mouth a little more. He moans again. 
Knowing he's not going to be expecting it, I shove his whole cock into my mouth, bringing my lips down and around his cock so that my lips are touching the skin above his scrotum, I push my tongue out to lick his smooth shaved balls, letting the head of his penis touch the back of my throat. 
He moans from the entrapped tightness my throat and mouth have around his large cock. His breathing becomes very shallow before he abruptly sits up to say to me, “Oh fuck, I'm going to cum in your mouth.”
I shove him back down with my hand as he did before to me, and suck harder. His cock is touching the back of my throat and I'm sucking so hard it has to feel to him like I'm trying to swallow it. I can feel the head of cock swell larger as he releases his cum into my mouth. As it slides down the back of my throat, I suck even harder, making sure not to let a drop of cum touch his body. 
His face flushed with heat he shouts out, “Holy fuck Tori! Oh, Oh, yes, yes. Damn.” He's vibrating from the aftershock of his orgasm and I'm still sucking. 
“Oh...my...God,” he slowly says. He pulls me up to him so I'm lying on top of him. Both of us pant-less, and me with just my tiny little bathing suit top on. “Holy fuck, girl,” he says and kisses the top of my head. “Do you not have a gag reflex?” he asks with the biggest smile of satisfaction across his face.
“What's that?” I ask, trying to be cute.
“Any girl who's told me they don't have a gag reflex still can't get all me in their mouth. And none of them have ever swallowed.” His smile of satisfaction is still large.
I should be flattered, but I don't like the thought of any other girl with Ryder. Even if it was in his past. I look up at him and put my chin on his chest, not saying anything.
“I'm sorry, Tori. That was a really stupid comment. You don't need to hear about my past relationships. What I'm trying to say is, holy fuck you give good head, and you swallow. I just might have to keep you.” He chuckles a little.
Smiling back at him, I say, “You taste good.” I'm trying to talk dirty to him. “I can safely say I've never had an orgasm last that long, ever. That was amazing.”
“You know what's funny? I barely touched you,” he chuckles again.
“Your touch is powerful. Plus I was so horny, just the brush of your hand made me orgasm.” I giggle a little.
He smiles even bigger at me. “I noticed, and it was fucking hot.” He glides the tips of his fingers up and down my back, sending a small shiver down me. “You know I could make you soar even more if I was inside you. If you thought that was a long orgasm, just wait till I'm fully penetrated deep inside you,” he says in an alluring voice.
Damn he sounds sexy, talking dirty. “How long do I have to wait for that?” I ask kissing his soft chest.
He chuckles softly, “Here I was worried I moved too fast.” He starts untying the back of my bathing suit. “How about now?” he says suggestively.
I look up at him, surprised. “Really, you’re ready to go again? I didn't know that was possible.” I’m shocked, but really excited. I desperately want his cock buried deep inside my wet pussy.
He pulls me up to his lips and I can feel his erection growing between my legs. “For most guys it isn't, but I'm not most guys,” he says. “I like to say I'm a whole different breed,” he grins from ear to ear.
Staring into his eyes I can see the star shape around his pupils growing bigger and brighter. I don't get long to be mesmerized by his beautiful eyes when he pulls me to his lips. “You sure you want to do this now?” He seems to still be worried about moving too fast. 
Completely honest, I say, “This is one of my dreams. That the first guy I would ever have sex with would be you.”
He slides me off of him and then picks me up, cradling me in his arms. “Let’s go to your room,” he suggests.
Both of us are now naked and heading to my bedroom for what I am sure is to be another unforgettable pleasure. 
Chapter 13

He walks through the backdoor into the lower level of my house. “What way to your room, my love?” he asks, holding me in his arms.
His love? That will leave me thinking. “Up the stairs, through the kitchen, to the end of the hall,” I reply, smiling.
He makes his way back to my bedroom and sets me down on the edge of the bed. “Nice blankets,” he says, running his hand over them. 
The words come out of my mouth, but I can't feel myself say them, “I just bought them today.” I’m in a trance to his sexy naked body. And wondering how something that big could possibly fit inside of me.
He smiles and leans in so his lips are just barley touching mine. “Very arousing.” He steps back a little from me then picks me up and tosses me with ease onto my bed. Looking me up and down, he says, “You have the most attractive body, it's just perfect. I'm turned on just looking at you lying there.”
I look down at his large penis as it pulsates. He is most definitely turned on and ready to go again. He kneels on the edge of the bed and crawls up to me, looking like a sex god.
“Your lips look lonely,” he says before kissing me, his heat is radiating all throughout my body. I feel his hand glide down my body to my sex, as he lets one of his fingers slip inside me. “Still wet from the last round. I like that,” he says in his sexy voice. 
I just want to touch him all over. I rub my hands up and down his back, and gently scratch a little with my nails. 
“I like rough sex, but you're going to have to put those claws away until next time. Right now I want to go slow.” He kisses me more and I can feel the tip of his penis very slowly sliding inside me. Feeling a pinching inside me I gasp. 
“Are you okay? Do you want me to stop?” he asks me, worried about the pain. 
“Don't you dare stop, I want this, I want you.” I put my hands on his rear and push down so his penis is pushed deep into me all of the way. I let out a small scream from the pain and he freezes, looking at me as if I’ve just done the impossible. Putting all of him inside of me. 
“I was trying to move slowly. I know I’m a lot for a virgin body to take in.” He's not being overconfident about the size of his penis. He really is a lot of man to put in such a small, untouched space. “You want me to keep going?” 
I appreciate that he's being so gentle and caring. I nod yes and he starts moving, very slowly. He looks down at me and brushes my cheek with his hand, then leans down to kiss me, with a kiss full of passion. The kind of passion you feel when you're making love. His kiss is intoxicating, making me forget about the pain. 
“You are so beautiful. I've been dreaming about possessing every part of your body and making love to you.” His words are like fuel to a fire, making me want him more. I begin moving my hips in rhythm with his, our bodies synchronizing together. 
Taking the cue he moves a little faster, moving in and out, hitting my g-spot. “Submit to me,” he whispers in my ear. With those impassioned words I find my high, my body absolving around his, with a feeling of pleasure I've never felt before. He reaches his high at almost the exact moment as me, saying my name out loud from pleasure.
Relaxing, he lets the rest of his weight lay on me. Our bodies still having aftershocks from the love we just made. 
He leans up on his elbow, still inside of me, to look in my eyes. “How do you feel? I didn't hurt you too much, did I?” he asks passionately. 
Running my fingers through his hair I start to say, “I feel... ” I can't find the right word for how I feel. He's staring at me with tension in his face waiting for me to finish. “I feel beyond amazing.” He physically relaxes above me at those words. “Girls may know what girls like, but no girl could ever give me that kind of pleasure.” He smiles and gently kisses me on the lips before pulling out of me, and moving to lay beside me.
“I think we've broken in your new blankets. They’re going to need washed,” he says, running his fingertips up and down the center of my body.
“Rosa can wash them in the morning. My bed is big enough so we don't have to sleep on this side.”
“We, huh? Are you asking me to spend the night with you?” He's still smiling so I'm going to take that as he wants to stay. 
“Well, you're not just going to take what little virginity I had and run, are you?” I ask in a teasing voice.
“Darlin', by the look of these sheets, I wouldn't say you had a little virginity left, you were a virgin,” he says with a straight face. Then he smiles really big. “Since I've taken your virginity, does that mean I can stake my claim on you? You're mine now and I don't share well, so there's no going back to your girlfriend.” His facial expression is somewhere between being very serious and a sexy smooth talker. 
Giggling, I say, “You can stake me any time, baby.”
He rubs his hand down my leg. “I'll keep that in mind.” 
I say, “How about we flip a coin?” He gives me a very confused expression. “Heads, you’re mine and tails I'm yours,” I say, still smiling.
“Deal,” he says very strongly. 
We stare in each other’s eyes for a while, not saying a word, just mesmerized by each other. I can't believe I just lost my virginity to my high school crush. Better than that, he didn't fuck me and leave. He wants to stay, he wants to keep me and never share me with any man or woman, ever.
My stomach makes a growling sound. 
“Sounds like you’re hungry. Should we order in?” he asks, rubbing his stomach, showing me he's hungry, too.
“That sounds like a good idea to me. Do you like Chinese food?”
“Love it. I got their number saved in my phone. What would you like?”
“Sweet and Sour Chicken, grilled chicken not fried.” I’m not a big fan of greasy food. 
“Got it.” He looks around my room a little puzzled. “Um, one little problem.”
“What's that?” I ask, returning the puzzled look.
“My phone is in my pants next to the pool, along with my boxers.”
Sliding out of the bed, I put on one of my robes. Smirking at him, I say, “You weren't too shy walking around my house naked when you were carrying me to my room.”
“I had my mind on something else. I was on a mission.” 
Damn he's cute, and he just made love to me. I would have given him my virginity in high school if I knew he liked me then. “Well, mission accomplished, Mr. Seff.” I salute him as I leave the bedroom for his clothes. 
On the way out to the pool, I pass Rosa in the hall. “Hey, Rosa, can you wash my sheets tomorrow?” Rosa is really good at her job. I shouldn't have to ask, but I just want to make sure they get done tomorrow, not the following day.
“Sure thing, Ms. Lane. No a problem,” she replies with her Spanish accent.
“Thanks so much. Have a good night.”
Ryder's clothes are lying right where he left them, by the pool. I take his cell phone out of his pocket, very temped to look through it, but I don't. That would be a terrible way to start a new relationship. Luther passes by me on the golf cart and I blush, not looking him in the face. He very well could have heard Ryder and me out here earlier. Actually, if he was doing his job, I can almost guarantee he heard us.
Getting back up to my room I find Ryder, still naked, leaning over, looking into my fish tank.
“Nice ass,” I say, admiring the view. 
“This fish tank is just amazing,” he says captivated. “This has got to be what a…?”
“Thousand gallon tank,” I finish.
“It's amazing. It's so big. Your bedroom is huge.” He seems very dumbfounded. “This has to be very peaceful to fall asleep to.”
I walk up behind him and wrap my arms around him. “Well, you'll find out tonight,” I say, planting a kiss his back.
He turns around smiling and wraps his arms around me. “Yes, I guess I will.” His smile and the heat from his body warms me inside.
“Time for food?” I ask, because I'm hungrier than I thought. 
“Yes, time for food.” He takes his phone from me then scrolls through his contacts to find the number for Chinese takeout.
“Delivery,” he says into the phone. “I would like an order of Sweet and Sour Chicken, with the chicken grilled, not fried. Also an order of Bell Pepper Beef, Crab-Meat Rangoons, and an order of Egg Rolls.”
Holy cow that's a lot of food. 
He ends the call. “It will be here in fifteen minutes.” He walks back to my bed, still naked and flops down. He pats the bed. “Join me.”
I slowly walk over to him and lie down on my side next to him. Propping myself up on my elbow, I run my fingers over his smooth, chiseled chest, while admiring his nipple rings. I’ve always thought a well-toned man with nipple rings was very sexy.
“When did you get your nipples pierced?” I ask, playing with one of the rings.
“Senior year of high school. What do you think of them?” he asks, wondering if I may want him to take them out.
“Such a bad boy in high school,” I say in a sexy voice.
“Not bad enough to take you away from Joseph,” he pulls me on top of him, “but now I have you. I’m not letting you go.” He nibbles on my neck then points out, “You didn't answer my question.”
“I think they're fucking hot,” I say, leaning down to put one of the rings in my mouth. I can feel his penis pulsate against my leg as he moans. “Sensitive nipples?” I ask before twirling it around with my tongue.
“Very sensitive,” he tells me with his eyes closed, looking like he's in pleasure mode. “If you keep doing that, I’m going to handcuff you to your bed and have my way with you.”
“Is that a promise on a threat?” I ask, sliding off of him, back onto my side.
He quickly rolls over on top of me. “Where do you think you're going?”
“Absolutely nowhere.” There is nowhere else I would rather be than pinned down under this man. “At least not until the food gets here,” I say, joking. 
He kisses my lips, then gazes into my eyes. After what feels like minutes of staring into each other’s eyes, he says, “Tell me something about you.”
“What do you want to know?” I ask, not sure what kind of answer he's looking for.
He moves off of me, turning to his side, he props himself up on his elbow. “Well, the only thing I know about you is, you’re a stunt double, you like to work out, lie by the pool, and you collect cars.” He pauses, “And you're bisexual.”
His last comment brings a big smile to my face. “Hmm.” I'm not sure what to tell him about me, and I have no idea why I'm feeling so secretive about myself. “How about you ask me a direct question and then I'll answer? But after I answer your question, I get to ask about you.”
“Okay, deal,” he pauses to think of his first question. “What's your favorite food?”
Starting out with an easy question, I can handle this. “I would have to say my favorite food would be fruit.” He gives me kind of a funny look, I'm sure he was expecting me to say something more like spaghetti or pizza. “What can I say, I like my fruit. At least it's healthy.” He gives me a big smile. “And you, what's your favorite food?” I ask.
“My favorite food without a doubt would definitely be steak.” That really doesn't surprise me. Next he asks me, “What kind of alcohol do you prefer? Beer, wine, dirty martinis?” He smirks at me.
“I think it depends on the day, the meal, or the occasion. I'm not set to one certain drink. How about you?” I would guess his is beer.
“I've never thought about it, but guess I could say the same. When's your birthday?” He jumps to the next question without pausing.
“I was born on the 4th of July.” 
He gives me a look of satisfaction, like I just answered some big secret. “That's just around the corner. What a fun day for a birthday to fall on. I bet you have big parties, with tons of fireworks.” He has a big smile on his face, picturing what my birthdays are like.
“I usually attend someone’s cookout and then I go down to the strip to watch the fireworks.” I shouldn't say my birthdays suck, but really I feel like they always do.
“You've never had a birthday party?” He asks, shocked by my response. 
“I'm sure I did as a kid, but not that I can remember.” I really don't like to talk about my birthday. “So when is your birthday, and what do you usually do?”
“November 30th. Usually I go out of town for my birthday. It doesn't really matter where, I just like to go somewhere other than home.” He pauses to think of another question. “What's something you hate?” he asks next.
“That's an easy question. I absolutely, positively hate, and am repulsed by Crocs.” I seriously can't stand those things. 
He flops over onto his back and busts up laughing, so hard he's getting tears in his eyes. “Seriously? Your hate is those shoes with holes in them?” he asks between laughing breaths. 
“Those things are not shoes. I would love to have a Croc burning fest. That would just make my day.” I'm dead serious about that. 
He's still laughing when Billy comes over the intercom. “Ms. Lane, did you order Chinese?” asks Billy. 
“Yes I did. You can let him in, Billy.” I look over at Ryder, who's pulling himself together and standing up to put his pants on, not bothering to put his boxers back on, since they're still wet. He pulls out his wallet and I climb over to the night stand, and open the drawer. I toss what cash is left in my pocket at the end of the day in there. Grabbing a twenty, I hold it out to him. “Here let me pay for my half.”
Ryder looks at me with disgust. “Be gone with that, your money's no good here,” he says, shooing the money with his hand and walking out of my room to get the door.
His comment makes me giggle. Sounds like something from a movie.
A few minutes later he's back in my room with a big bag of our Chinese meal. “You want to eat in here, or go sit at the table?”
Smiling, I say, “We can eat in here.”
He sets the bag of food on my dresser and starts pulling out the containers. “Do you use chopsticks?” he asks.
“Sure. Do you know how to use them?” I ask back.
“Definitely.” He hands me a set of chopsticks and my food, then sits back down on the bed next to me with his food. We dig in and start eating. I'm not one of those girls who doesn't like to eat in front of guys. If I'm hungry, I'm going to eat. 
“Where were we?” he asks himself, thinking out loud. “Oh yeah, you hating Crocs. That's got to be the funniest thing I've ever heard.” He starts to laugh again.
“Laugh all you want. You asked me what I hate, and I'm being honest when I say, I hate Crocs.” Before taking another bite, I ask him, “What do you hate?”
He's finishes chewing his big bite of food. “I would have to say I hate opera. Don't ever ask me to go to the opera with you, that will never happen,” he emphasizes the word never. 
“No problem there. I'm not a big fan of opera either.” Remembering his boxers are soaking wet from swimming in my pool, I ask him with a big grin, “Do you go commando very often?”
“Can't say I do. But maybe I'll start now that we’re together. Easier access,” he says in a fantasizing voice.
Giggling, I say, “So were together now, huh?” I ask him in the same tone he gave me when we talked about him staying the night.
“I told you, I've staked my claim on you. You’re mine now.” He puts his hand under my chin and gently pulls me to his lips. He gives me a soft kiss on the lips and then says, with his lips still touching mine, “And don't you forget it.” He leans back and gives me his sexy smile. 
His sexy smile turns me on.
“Next question,” he says. “What are you scared of?”
Having my heart ripped out and burned alive. “Drowning.” It's an honest answer, it's just not my first fear. “Are you scared of anything, Mr. Seff?” I ask with real curiosity. 
“Uh-uh. You already asked your question.”
I'm a little confused. “What question?”
“If I go commando very often.” He's smiling and acting in command of the questions. 
“Oh, come on,” I say in a pouty tone. “That doesn’t count.”
“Yes, it does. So for my next question; tell me why you and your girlfriend broke up.” I give him the rundown on Fayleigh and me. Then he asks, “Are those the only two people you've ever been with?”
“I'm a little embarrassed to say yes.” I'm twenty-one years old and I've only had one boyfriend, and one girlfriend.
“You shouldn't be embarrassed by that. That's actually very admirable.” If he's admired by that, dare I ask how many girls he's been with? Do I really want to know? “I've had six girlfriends, including you,” he says giving me his answer before I decided if I really wanted to know.
I give him a shocked look. “I can say I'm honestly surprised. You've always been gorgeous, and you're even hotter now with all this muscle,” I say, grabbing his arm with my hand. “I don't think I really want to know, but I'm going to ask it anyway; is that how many people you've had sex with too? Or have you had some one night stands?” Don't think I just missed the fact that he just called me his girlfriend. My insides are smiling, knowing I’m his girlfriend.
He takes another bite of food, stalling. He decides, “I'm going to be one hundred percent honest with you. I've had four one-night stands.” He looks at me with a very nervous look in his eyes, as if I may tell him to get out and I never want to see him again.
“I'll be honest too,” I begin. “I can't say that doesn't bother me a little, but I'm not surprised either. You are two years older than me and I'm sure the girls just fawn over you. I know I did,” I say, smiling and batting my eye lashes at him.
“Tori, there were more guys waiting for you and Joseph to break up than you'll ever know.”
Yeah right, I really don't think I was that good looking in high school. I didn't start to feel good about myself until college. He can obviously see the doubt on my face. 
“I'm being very serious Tori, you have no idea how many times I overheard the guys in the locker room saying they wished you and Joseph would break up so they could have a shot with you. Unfortunately, Joseph did brag about how good you were at giving a blow job, so I'm sure that had a little to do with it.” He gets a look on his face that says, maybe I shouldn't have told her that.
“I'm not surprised he shared that with the guys.” Guys are always bragging about something.
He looks relieved that I'm not bothered by that fact and starts to smile again. “Okay, back to twenty-one questions. What's a band or a singer you like, but wouldn't normally admit to?” He's trying to learn things about me I wouldn't tell just anyone.
“I would have to say the only person who knows the answer to that question would be Dallas. I really like Rod Stewart.”
His lips pucker out into a pouty face. “I was expecting something more off the wall.”
“Do you have a favorite band or singer you wouldn't normally admit to?” His has to be a good one if he was expecting a better answer from me.
“You're going to laugh,” he says, stalling again.
Finishing my meal I put the containers back in the bag on my dresser. There's two fortune cookies sitting next to the bag. “Want your fortune cookie?” I ask him.
He gets off the bed to put his containers in the bag too. “Sure,” he says, putting out his hand.
We stand there and open our cookies and read the fortune to ourselves. “What's your say?” I ask first.
“Mine says, 'Never go to bed angry'. What's yours say?”
“’Well behaved women seldom make history’. Yep, that's definitely suits me,” I'm trying to sound sarcastic, but really that is me.
“No, you're not well behaved, are you? Especially considering what we did by the pool.” He picks me up, tosses me back on the bed, and gives me a kiss.
“I think you're trying to make me forget the last question,” I say, smirking. “What band or singer do you like, but wouldn't normally admit to?”
I'm lying on my back and he's on his side next to me. He stares at the fish tank and answers, “My favorite singer is Michael Jackson.”
Now it's my turn to bust up laughing. “Michael Jackson!” I'm laughing so hard, I'm kicking my feet a little. “I really shouldn't laugh. I like his music too, but you're the first straight guy I've met who would admit to liking Michael Jackson.” I'm bringing my laugh down to a giggle.
“I like your laugh, and your giggle. It makes me smile,” he says, kissing me on the tip of my nose. “What's a secret sexual fantasy you have?” he asks in a soft, sexy voice.
I've stopped giggling now, trying to think about what one is at the top of my list. “It's embarrassing, and not something I would ever really do,” I say, avoiding answering the question.
“That's why it's a secret fantasy. Tell me and maybe I can make it come true.” He's still talking in his sexy voice.
I say nothing, taking my time to think of how to word my fantasy without making me sound like a complete slut. “Okay. My sexual fantasy is, to get pulled over by a cop for speeding and letting him fuck me hard on the front of my car to get out of the ticket.” I can feel my face turning red. I have never admitted that to anyone in my life. “Like I said, it's not something I would really do. That's not the kind of person I am, but that's why it's a fantasy.” 
He looks deep in thought. 
“Will you tell me what your sexual fantasy is?” I ask him, wondering if I could make his fantasy come true. 
“I should kick myself for asking questions I may not want to tell myself,” he says with a smile.
“Hey now, what I told you was really embarrassing,” I point out.
“I could tell, you're still blushing. Though you have no reason to be embarrassed.”
“So now you tell me yours,” I urge. 
“My sexual fantasies are about role playing or having sex in unusual places.” 
That sounds normal compared to my cop fantasy. “What kind of role playing?” I ask. Now it's his turn to be embarrassed.
His face is turning a little red, too. “Um, I guess I don't know how to put it without me sounding like a horrible person,” he has an unsure tone in his voice.
“Just tell me. Like you said, that's why it's a secret fantasy.” Hopefully me reminding him that will make him spill the beans. 
“Alright; my sexual role playing fantasy is to…” He sighs, “I have no idea how to word this, so I guess I'll just say it. I want to role play, with my girlfriend,” he makes sure I heard him say, 'with my girlfriend', “that I'm taking her against her will.” He gives me the same look as before, wondering if I'm going to be disgusted and kick him out.
“Really, Ryder, that's the fantasy you were worried about telling me? Believe it or not, that's not an uncommon guy fantasy. And it doesn't make you a horrible person, it's a role play you want to play with your girlfriend, not some stranger.” Again, he gives me a look of relief. “What other role playing fantasies do you have?”
Now he's feeling more relaxed that I don't think his fantasy is weird, he's willing to tell me all the different ones he's thought about. “There's the usual naughty schoolgirl or naughty maid.” Typical guy fantasy. “Since I'm a business owner, I've thought about a woman coming for a job interview and sleeping with me to get the job. I think it would be fun to be a Dom. I would try being a Sub, but I know I won't like it as much as being a Dom. I think it would be hot to secretly watch you masturbate, as if you had no idea I was watching you.” That's an interesting one. “There's a long list of options to role play.” He gives me a sexy grin.
“What unusual places would you like to have sex?” Before he can answer, I add, “I'm surprised you haven't done any role playing, or had sex in odd places with the nine other girls you've been with.”
“You're the first person I've told my sexual fantasies to,” he says in a mater-of-fact tone. 
That makes me feel really good and special that he would trust to tell me these things. 
“Different locations I would like to have sex would be, on the beach or in the ocean, this one might sound gross, but in a public bathroom. Um, I'd like to have sex by a pool, check.” He smiles at me and draws an invisible checkmark with his index finger in the air. These places are intriguing to me. Fayleigh and I rarely were spontaneous. I wouldn't mind trying a couple of these places. 
He continues, “I think it would be fun to have sex in a park, maybe on a swing.” He raises his eye brow at me a couple times. “Sex at one of my jobsites that would be hot.” His list keeps on going, “At a restaurant, under a waterfall, on a motorcycle.”
“That's a long list of fantasies. Do you own a motorcycle?”
“Sure do. That's what I came here on. I would love to take you for a ride some time; in more than one way,” he says, raising his eyebrow a couple times at me again. 
“Have you ever had phone sex?” I ask out of curiosity.
He doesn't give me eye contact when he tells me, “Yes.”
“Why does is seem like you are worried to tell me these things? I don't judge.” 
“I guess I'm just not sure how you'll react to some of these things. In my eyes, until tonight, you were a virgin. So I guess I feel like I'm taking your purity and innocence by introducing you to these sexual fantasies.” He has a tone in his voice that makes him sound like he's disappointed in himself.
“I've been having sex with a woman for almost a year. I'm far from pure and innocent. Given I've never tried any of your fantasies, but that doesn’t mean I'm appalled by them. Actually, I would like to try some of them. It could be fun.” 
My comment makes his eyes light up, with thoughts of me fulfilling his fantasies. 
“Hey,” I just had a thought. “I told you I would show you my car museum. How about a tour of my house?” I ask.
“Sounds good. Save your car museum for last. I might not want to leave,” he says with a chuckle.
It's my house and I'm very comfortable walking around in my tiny robe to give him a tour. Standing up off the bed, I wave my hands around my head. “You've seen my bedroom, over here is my bathroom.” 
He pokes his head into my master bathroom to look around. “Damn, that's a big tub. That's got to take forever to fill,” he says, thinking out loud. 
“Sometimes it's not done filling by the time I'm ready to get out,” I reply, laughing. I lead him down the hall, to the kitchen. “Help yourself to anything you want to eat or drink. By the way, would you like something to drink?” I ask, forgetting my manners to offer my sexy houseguest something to drink.
“How about a red wine?” he says, looking at my wine fridge.
“Roscato okay?” I ask, because that what I want. 
“Sounds good to me.”
I pour us both a glass of wine and then continue with the tour. “This is the living room, for relaxing. No TV in here, so we usually sit in here after a family meal.” I lead him back through the kitchen, past the door to the lower level. “Guest bathroom in here,” I say, pointing at a door on the right. “These two doors are guest bedrooms. At the end of the hall is my office-slash-library.”
He steps inside to look around. “This room is huge. I wouldn't think a stunt double would need an office. Do you do a lot of reading?” he asks, amazed by my book collection.
“I used to. I haven't really had the time for it lately. Usually I read when I'm stressed out. It relaxes me, and takes me away from reality.”
“That's what movies are for.” A typical guy comment. I don't know many guys who do enjoy reading for fun. “What's behind the door in the back corner of the office?” he asks. 
That's where I keep some of my supplies for killing vampires. Since I can't very well tell him that, I say, “Storage closet.” It really is a storage closet, but it's there to cover up the hidden door inside leading to my assassination tools. I lead him back down the hall, toward the door to the lower level. “This is basically the party room,” I point out.
“How did I miss all this when I carried you through here?” he asks with an astounded look on his face.
“I believe you said you were on a mission, Mr. Seff,” I answer, with satisfaction. “Bathroom over there,” I say, pointing to the bathroom door. “Next to that door is my gym.” 
He opens the door to my gym to look inside. “Wow! You have a lot of workout equipment. I bet you've never had a gym membership. My parents own a gym, and I think you own almost as much equipment as they do.” That explains why his body is so mouth wateringly sexy.
I smile at him as he shuts the door to my gym room. “You've seen the backyard. And through here is the guesthouse.” I open the door and show him around.
“This is basically a whole other house. You spoil your houseguests, Tori.” He smiles at me.
“My house is sorta the party house. I would rather people stay here and feel like they’re staying at a hotel, than to drink and drive.”
“That's reasonable. So where's your car museum?” he asks with enthusiasm. 
“Back upstairs. Follow me.” 
He pinches my rear as were going up the stairs. “I will gladly follow you upstairs with this view,” he says with a chuckle. 
He follows me back through the kitchen to a door on the other side, “Right through here.” I open the door and stand back to let him go through first. 
He sets his wine glass on the counter next to the door, and steps down two steps into my car museum and freezes. After a moment of staring and looking around, he steps down the last step into the museum. “There's got to be fifty cars in here.” He's blown away and seems overwhelmed by my car collection.
“Some girls are addicted to purses and shoes, my addiction is cars.”
He runs his hand over my 1978 Alburn Speedster. “A much better addiction than shoes or purses. Are you sure I can't persuade you into letting me drive one of these?” he asks with a pouty face. 
“Add that to your list of fantasies. I don't let anyone drive my cars.” Although the magic Ryder holds over me, I would really consider letting him drive one, but I'm not going to tell him that. 
Walking up and down the rows, he looks closely at each car, occasionally lifting the hood, or sitting inside of one to look around. He stops in front of my Honda Repsol CBR 1000. “Is this your motorcycle?” he asks me with a confused look on his face.
“The one and only one I will ride,” I say proudly. 
“This is a big bike for such a tiny woman,” he tells me with amazement in his voice.
I'm very assertive and confident when I tell him, “Hey, I'm not tiny. I'm five foot five and one hundred and eighteen pounds. I like my size and I can handle this bike better than most men.”
He looks surprised that I’ve told him how much I weigh, but doesn't comment on it. 
I know most women lie about their age and their weight. What's the point? Be happy with who you are. I’ve found that a lot of those women who lie about their weight are some of the worst people to be friends with. They can make you feel like shit for being smaller than them, and you constantly have to compliment them to boost their self-esteem.
“My motorcycle is a cruiser, not a rocket. I’ve never been able to get the hang of leaning with the bike, and counter-steering instead of just steering it. Maybe we can go on a ride sometime,” he says, smiling.
“That could be fun.” I follow him around to the next car.
He stops at my 1973 Trans Am. “I love this car.” He opens the door and climbs inside. 
That's kind of surprising. “Out of all the cars in here, this is your favorite?”
“One of my favorites. I just love the body of this car, and how it can go from zero to sixty in five point four seconds,” he states. 
Putting my hands on the hood of the car, I look at him through the windshield. “It is a sexy body.” Of course I'm talking more about Ryder's body than the Trans Am's.
He climbs out of the car and walks around behind me, putting his hands on top of mine. “You have a sexy body,” he whispers into my ear, sending shivers down my spine. He starts to kiss my neck, leaving trails of little wet Ryder kisses all over. 
Lacing my fingers together with his, I lean my head back onto his shoulder, pressing my ass against the front of his jeans. I can feel his erection hardening behind me. 
He kisses up my neck to my jawline, over my cheek, reaching his lips to mine. With our fingers still laced together, he brings my hand up to my chest, and with his hand over top of mine, he puts my hand over my breast. My breast fills my small hand, as he opens our fingers slightly then very lightly pinches my nipple. Uncontrollably, my breathing begins to increase. I break from our kiss and he starts to kiss my neck again, this time sending shivers down to my warming sex. He takes our hands from my breast and moves slowly down over my stomach to my wetness, gently slipping our two index fingers inside of me. 
This is so erotic and not something I've ever done before. I’m so turned on. I know he can tell how much I want him by how wet I am. He unlaces his other hand from mine, leaving it lying on the hood of the car. I can feel him behind me, undoing his jeans, and releasing his erection, to touch against my back side. He pulls our index fingers out and lays our hands, still laced together, on my stomach. With his other hand he pushes my back forward. 
I move up to the tips of my toes, giving him better access to slide his hard erection into my hot wet pussy, making me flinch slightly from the same pain I got our first time back in the bedroom. He's moving very slowly inside of me, but he feels so much deeper in me than the first time. 
Again he makes me forget about the pain with his silvery words, “I would happily make love to you for the rest of my life.” I lean forward a little more, letting him slide a little deeper into me. The pleasure I can hear in his breathing makes me want him even more. I can feel him kissing me along my back and shoulder. 
“Tell me what you're feeling,” he says with his lips against my back.
I don't have to think of what to say, “You feel so good inside of me,” I tell him with a hushed breath. 
“Say my name when I make you cum,” he thrusts himself into me harder, giving me an instant orgasm.
“Oh, Ryder. Yes. Don't stop,” I feel myself soaring high, beyond this room. Three more thrusts and I can feel him release his ejaculation into me as he shouts my name, “Oh God, Tori, mmm, yes, Tori.”
We both fall forward, slumped against the car, breathing hard. He pulls out of me and I roll over under him, wrapping my arms around his neck and kissing him. 
Staring into his eyes I tell him, “That was amazing.” It was quick, but it was amazing. 
He kisses me again before saying, “You're amazing.” He stares at me for a moment and then says with hopefulness, “Skip work with me tomorrow and spend the day with me.”
Very temping. “I would love to, but we're really close to ending the movie that I'm doubling in, so I can't. We should be done filming the movie by Friday at the latest, and then unless I get offered another job right away, I'll have a little time off.”
He gives me a pouty look. “Well, I guess if you won't skip work with me tomorrow, we should make our way back up to the bed. I'll have to get up early to be at the jobsite by six a.m. tomorrow.” His jeans are still up around his hips, he didn't bother taking them off. He tucks himself back into his jeans and then scoops me up in his arms to carry me back to the bedroom. Slipping off his jeans, he climbs into bed with me. Our naked bodies cuddle up to each other, and we fall asleep without hesitation. 
Chapter 14

Opening my eyes, I look at the clock, it's almost 4:30 in the morning. I feel like I'm having a panic attack. My heart is racing, my hands and feet are sweating. Turning over I reach for Ryder, and he's not there. Flying out of the bed, I turn on the bedside lamp. The bed is empty and looks neatly made on the opposite side. The first thought that pops into my head is: Did I dream last night up? Until I see a piece of notebook paper lying on the pillow, next to mine. It reads:

Good morning, beautiful,
I didn't want to wake you, but I needed to get home and clean up before work. 
Since you wouldn't skip work with me today   
Look after my heart, I've left it with you.
I'll call you later. Have a good day at work.
Ryder

I must have been having a panic attack, because I could hear him shuffling around the room to put his clothes on, and I felt him kiss me on my cheek, but I couldn't bring myself to fully wake up. I must have been in that half-awake, half-dream mode.
Feeling my heart rate returning back to normal, I turn off the light and climb back into bed slowly. I’m a little sore from having sex for the first time with a man, but it's a good kind of sore. It makes me think of Ryder and our beyond amazing evening together. It was very sweet of him not to want to wake me. I can't wait to see him again tonight, so we can do it all over again. I lay awake for about a half hour thinking of Ryder before finally falling back to sleep.
My alarm wakes me at nine a.m. for work. I jump in for a quick shower before heading to work. 

The last week of filming as a stunt double is either crazy busy, because the movie is ending with a ton of action, or terribly slow, because the ending is focused more on the main characters. This movie is ending with the focus on the main characters. Really, the only reason I have to be here is to fill in on the action areas that need a retake. 
Ryder calls just a little before my lunch break. Knowing they won't be needing me anytime soon, I sneak outside to take his call.
“Hey, sexy. How's work going?” I ask feeling giddy.
“Hi, beautiful. It's going to be a long day. I got here at six and I won't be done here till about eight tonight.”
Ugh, I guess that means he won't be coming over after work. “You'll be ready to crash after work,” I say, trying hard to cover up the disappointment in my voice.
“That's for sure. I hate to tell you this but, I'll be working long hours like this for about the next week and a half. I'm building a large mansion about two hours away from home. My crew and I will be staying here until the job is finished.” I can hear the disappointment in his voice.
“You can't see it, but I'm pouting,” I tell him, pushing my lower lip out.
“I am too. I hate to wait so long for another night like last night.” I can tell he's smiling by the tone of his voice. 
“That makes two of us,” I say, smiling too. 
“Maybe you can come here after your movie is finished,” he points out hopefully. 
Ryder said he would like to have sex at a jobsite. I wonder if that's what he is hinting at. “I think I might be able to do that,” I say, still smiling.
“You would make me a very happy man if you did.” I can tell his smile is even bigger. “Well, I got to get back to work. I'll call you every night, and hopefully you'll come up here sometime in the next week and a half.”
“I'll let you know. Depends how soon we finish filming.” I know finishing the movie isn't going to be too many more days.
We hang up, just as a hear Anthony shout, “Lunch! Be back in a half hour!” Usually we get a longer lunch break, but since we're so close to being finished, he doesn't want to waste any time.
The rest of the workday turns out to be just as boring as the morning, so I’m glad to hear Anthony finally say I can go home.
On my way home, I give Dallas a call to invite him over for dinner and to catch up. He's going to hit the ceiling when I tell him about Ryder and me. 
Reaching the gates in front of my house, Billy stops me to let me know there was a delivery for me, and it's in my fridge. 
After parking the car, I go inside, heading straight for the fridge.
How weird, a delivery that has to be refrigerated. When I open the refrigerator door, inside I see a big basket of fruit, arranged and cut to look like a bouquet of flowers, with a note attached.

Indulge in your favorite food and think of me 
with every bite, lick and nibble.
Can't wait to see you again.
Ryder

He says the sweetest and the sexiest things, he is just too much. I'm going to have to figure out something nice to do for him. I pull off a pineapple, cut into the shape of a daisy, and nibble on it, while pulling out the dinner Rosa made for me earlier today. Rosa usually makes dinner four nights out of the week, but she makes it around noon and puts it in the fridge for me to reheat when I get home. I don't mind having to reheat it. She has no idea what time I'm going to get home, and the food always seems to taste better when it's reheated. It gives the seasoning and flavor a chance to set in more prominently. 
Trying to think of different things I could do for Ryder, a good one comes to mind. I'll run it by Dallas and see what his opinion is. 
“Ms. Lane,” says Billy over the intercom. “Dallas is on his way to the front door.”
“Thanks, Billy.”
Dallas gives a small double knock and then opens the door with his usual, “Honey, I'm home,” as he enters. 
We joke around, playing house sometimes. “Welcome home, dear. I'm just finishing with dinner,” I say to him, moving around the kitchen. 
Dallas plops down in a chair at the kitchen table, grinning from ear to ear.
“What are you so happy about?” I ask, wondering if he already has an idea about Ryder and me. Sometimes he can take the fun out of something that's so simple but exciting to me.
“I was at Leevi's before I came here,” he says femininely. 
Putting my hand up, I make a stop there sign. “Nuff said. Don't need to hear any more.” Honestly, it doesn't bother me to hear about Dallas and his boyfriend, but it's usually always the same old thing.
Dallas grins even bigger. “So what's for dinner, doll?” 
“Rosa made lemon pepper chicken and corn on the cob. I'm just reheating it. I made strawberry margaritas, you want one?”
“Like, duh, girl, of course I want one.” Dallas is pulling out his valley girl talk, which always makes me laugh. 
Opening the fridge to pull out the pitcher of margaritas, Dallas immediately sees the basket of fruit.
“Yummy, who sent you that?” He pauses and then scrunches his face with a look of disgust. “Don't tell me those are from Fayleigh.”
Beaming with happiness, I say, “They're from Ryder.” I then pour him a margarita, trying to act casual.
Dallas jumps up out of his chair and grabs the card sitting on the counter, which was attached to the fruit, “Oh, my gosh, when did this happen? Bite, lick or nibble. That's sex talk. Isn't he jumping the gun a little?” Dallas asks with his mouth hanging open. 
I put our food on the table, sitting down across from him. Still beaming, I say to Dallas, “Not after last night.”
Dallas sits back down in his chair, putting the back of his hand on his head like he's going to pass out. 
My best friend, the drama queen. 
“Spill it, girl. Start from the beginning,” he demands, excited. 
Dallas and I don't have any secrets and we never sugarcoat or are discreet about anything we have to say, so I tell him from the beginning everything that happened last night. 
He listens intently, without interrupting (completely unusual for Dallas) and hasn't touched his food. When I've finished telling him about my amazing night, his first comment is, “Damn, girl, three times. Where can I find me a man like that?” He adds in with a giggle, “You must be sore today.” 
“Well, we won't talk about being sore, but yeah three times, and damn it was good,” I say, replaying last night in my head. 
He stands up and wraps his arms around me. “Oh, my little girl is growing up, and she's found herself a hot damn of a man.”
I smile as he hugs me and pat him on the back. “You're such a dork,” I say, laughing at him.
“I'm like seriously so excited for you, Tori,” he says with a flick of the hand. 
“Aw, thanks, Dallas. Now, I've got something fun I'm thinking about doing to fulfill one of Ryder's fantasies. I want to run it by you.”
Dallas finally starts digging into his dinner. “Okay, shoot.”
“Okay, so I told you some of Ryder's fantasies,” I remind him.
“Yep. They sound pretty hot. I might have to try a few of them myself,” he giggles.
“Well, I was thinking of trying to fulfill his fantasy about someone coming in for a job interview, and fucking him to get the job.” I smile, waiting for his reaction. 
“Look who's become a little sex pistol. You should definitely do it. I think it would be hot, and that's a better gift than most women think to give a guy,” he says, pointing at me with his fork. 
Our margarita glasses are already empty, so I pour us both another big glass. “Should I use a fake name or my name?” I ask, wanting a little advice. I’ve never done anything like this before. 
“For sure use your name. You don't want him calling out someone else's name. Since it's for a job interview, why don't you go by your first name?”
Curling my lip at that thought, I remind him, “I hate my first name. Oh, but I could use my full middle name. That would sound professional.”
“Good idea. This is going to be so much fun.” Dallas sounds very giddy. “I wish Leevi owned a business so I could do this to him.”
“How do I let him know this is the plan without breaking character?” I ask after finishing a bite of my food.
Dallas takes a drink of his margarita, thinking about this. “I got it. Why don't you go in there with a fake resume?” I'm listening. “You could hand him a piece of paper that says what you’re doing, but when you hand it to him, tell him it's your resume.” His face lights up with his good idea.
“That could work.” I'm trying to think of a way to make that even better. “Oh, I could also put erotic things on my ‘“resume”’. Maybe something like, 'will work hard to get you hard, willing to do whatever it takes to pleasure you'. What do you think?” I ask, smiling mischievously.
Dallas looks giddy and somewhat envious. “I think you have a resume to write when I leave here. You have to let me know how it goes,” he says as he takes another bite of his food. 
“You'll be the only one, other than Ryder, who will know how it goes,” I say, still smiling.
“When are you planning on doing it?”
“I'm not sure yet. He's working two hours away, for about the next week and a half. I'll have to wait till he gets done building the mansion they're working on, and is back in town.”
“Bummer. You just had a great night of hot, passionate sex, and now you have to wait a week and a half to see him again.”
He's reminding me how bummed I am about waiting to see Ryder. “Well, depending on when we finish filming, I may go visit him at his job site,” I say with a hopeful tone. 
“You could fulfill his fantasy of having sex at one of his jobsites,” Dallas points out to me.
“I thought about that, but I don't know if that's a good idea. I don't want to make an ass of myself, and chance getting caught by one of his employees.” That would be beyond embarrassing. 
Dallas and I finish our margaritas and chat a little while longer before he leaves. 
As soon as Dallas has gone I sit down at my computer to write my “resume.” 

Resume for: Victoria Lane

Education: Book of Kama Sutra

Work Experience: Deep throating

Employment Goal: To fuck you on every desk in this building

References: Ryder Seff

Hmm, I feel like I should do more, but this should be enough for him to get the idea of what I'm trying to do. I wish I could do this sooner. Hopefully I don't chicken out between now and when I get the chance to do it.

It’s eight the next morning and I’m being woken by my ringing phone an hour before my alarm is to go off.
“Hello,” I answer in a sleepy voice.
“Tori, its Anthony. We won't need you on set this morning. Come in sometime after lunch, so we can do a couple retakes.” It sounds like he's in a good mood this morning. I'm sure he's getting excited the movie is almost finished.
“Sure thing, Anthony. How about I come in at about 1:30?” I ask to make sure that's not too late. 
“That will be fine. I'll see you then.” He hangs up without saying good bye, which is not unusual for most of the directors I know. They're very straightforward and to the point, because time is money. 
Putting my phone back on the nightstand, I lay back down, thinking I could sleep in a little longer, or get up and work out. Not planning on it, I doze off back to sleep. I jerk awake a little after ten to my phone singing “Lean On Me” my mom's ringtone.
“Tori, I was wondering if you would want to spend the day together Thursday?” She asks in a soft, polite tone. 
My mom and I do random mother-daughter days. “Love to, Mom. We need to catch up. I got a lot to tell you.” She's going to be so excited to hear about Ryder and me, plus I'm sure my dad will finally start talking to me again.
“I'll stop by Thursday morning and pick you up,” she says.
“Sounds good, Mom. I'll see you then,” I say before hanging up. 
Lazy days, not having to rush anywhere, are my favorite kind of days. Taking my time getting out of bed, I make myself a late breakfast. After breakfast, I decide to work out for a while before getting ready for work.

I arrive at work at 1:30 on the dot.
Shane's already in the dressing room, waiting and ready to put my makeup on. 
As he begins applying my foundation, he asks, smiling, “So, are you going to tell me who the new beau is?” 
I will never know how he does it, but he always knows everybody's business. “Just an old crush,” I state with my eyes closed. It's best to just keep your eyes closed when someone else is applying your makeup. You'll be less likely to get poked in the eye. 
“Someone you ran into at your class reunion?” he asks, amused.
“I guess you could say that,” I reply, not giving much away. 
He smiles at me and says with certainty, “You know I'll find out eventually.”
“I'm sure you will, Shane. It's just so much fun to keep you wondering.” 
He shakes his head at me, smiling. “The first scene you're redoing is the crash scene,” he informs me as he finishes my makeup. 
Two scenes need a retake. We’re start with the crash scene, with the plan of doing the second one on Wednesday. 
My phone dings while on my lunch break, indicating I have a text message. It's Ryder telling me he is thinking of me. He's so sweet. I haven't stopped thinking about him. 
My phone dings again later that night. It's Ryder again. This text he tells me goodnight and he can't wait to see me again. 

Wednesday we start working on the second action retake that needs done right away. The first retake hasn't come out the way Anthony wanted it, so we’re doing it again. 
Preparing to redo the shot, yet again, I notice a couple of officers talking to Shane. I recognize one of the officers right away. Donny was one of the officers that arrived after I called the cops, when I rolled my car. Shane points to me as I do some stretches to loosen up for the retake. 
“Ms. Lane, I've got some news for you on your case,” says Donny, walking up to me. “We went by Contessa's house, and the vehicle you described to us was there. The front end was smashed up and had the same color of paint on it as your car.” He continues by saying, “As soon as Contessa noticed us, she went out her backdoor and waited on the side of the house for us to come up to her front door. Once we were at her door, and out of her range, she jumped into her Escalade and took off,” he tells me with a ticked off look.
“So it was her who hit me,” that fucking bitch. “Did you catch her?”
“No ma'am, she got away. We have a warrant out for her arrest. In the meantime, would you like one of the officers to stay with you until she's been caught? I would be willing to watch over you personally if you would like.” He's trying to be discreet, but it's very obvious he's hitting on me.
If I wasn't with Ryder, maybe I would be flattered. Donny is a pretty good looking guy, but he's no Ryder. “Thank you Officer Lominer, but I think my boyfriend will be more than happy to be my bodyguard.” Of course I have no intention of telling Ryder I want him to be my bodyguard. I can take care of myself. 
Donny looks at me with disappointment, “Very well, Ms. Lane. I'll let you know right away when we've caught her, or if there's anything you need to be aware of,” he says, looking me up and down before turning to leave. 
“Thank you, Officer Lominer, I would appreciate that,” I reply, ignoring his wandering eyes. 
The officers leave and I head back to do the next retake, a free-fall skydiving scene. I get into position, ready to make my jump onto the High Fall Air Bag. 
From below, I hear someone shout to me, “Wait, Tori, don't jump!” Their shout is only seconds too late, I’m already jumping. Looking down, I can see that the High Fall Air Bag has been popped and is slowly leaking out air. Without thinking about it, I do a gymnastics tuck, flipping through the air, then unfolding myself just before the ground, landing on my feet.
“Oh, hell!” shouts Anthony. “Tori, are you okay?” he asks frantically. 
“Yes, I'm fine,” though I'm a little pissed. With my visit only moments ago from Officer Lominer, I just know Tessa had to have been here. How she knew where I'm working and how she got in here I have no idea, but I know it was her. 
“Where's Mark?” shouts Anthony, looking around. “Mark, you fucking dumbass! Do you not know how to check the equipment? It's a damn good thing Tori has training for this, or we would be looking at a dead body right now!” Anthony is beyond pissed. His face is beet red and he's shouting inches from Mark's face. “You're fired, you incompetent moron!” He stomps off and shouts, “Everyone take five!”
Five minutes later, Anthony sits down in a chair next to me. “I re-watched that free-fall shot we took. It was perfect,” he says in a proud voice. “You don't need to redo it, and I believe we're finished with all the action retakes. If we run into one that needs redone, I'll give you a call, but otherwise, your part in the movie is finished,” he says proudly. 
“Okay, Anthony, thank you. It was great working for you again.”
“You're a hell of a stunt double,” he shouts to me, as he walks back toward the set.
Late Wednesday night, Ryder calls me and I decide it is time to tell him about Tessa trying to kill me. I hate that I have to keep my second life a secret from him, but I can certainly tell him about this.
“Tori, I don't want you being by yourself,” Ryder tells me sounding a little panicked after what I’ve told him. “You should really come stay here until I'm finished, and then I can stay with you until they find her.”
“Ryder, don't be silly. There's a reason I pay my security guards so well. They do a great job. I'm really not worried about it, and you shouldn't either,” I say calmly. 
“You are done filming, though.” He made it more of a statement than a question. “You really should come up here. Just for a couple days at least. I miss you,” he pleads through the phone. 
“I miss you, too. I assume you'll be working straight through the weekend?” I ask sweetly, trying to get him to forget the Tessa situation. 
“Yeah, but you could go shopping or just hang out in the pool at the hotel and relax.”
I would much rather hang out in my own pool and relax, but I would really like to see Ryder. “Okay, you've twisted my arm. I'm spending the day with my mom tomorrow. So I'll come up Friday if that's okay?” I ask. 
“That's more than okay.” I can tell he's smiling. “You can come up Thursday night if you want, I'm impatient to see you,” he says in an excited tone.
“I'll let you know after I'm done spending the day with my mom, if I'll be there Thursday or Friday.” 
Before he hangs up he says, “I'll see you Thursday.”
Laughing, we end our call. So confident I'll be there Thursday. I really can't wait to see him.
After hanging up with Ryder, I speed dial Dallas to catch him up on everything with Tessa. He doesn't seem as worried as Ryder, but for obvious reasons. Dallas knows I can handle myself. He does wish he would have some future dreams about her to help me out, but that's out of his control.

My mom has always been an early riser, so I make sure to be out of bed and ready by eight Thursday morning.
At 8:15 Todd tells me over the intercom, “Ms. Lane your mom is on her way to the door.”
“Where sounds good for breakfast?” asks my mom.
“Breakfast House is always my favorite,” I say, knowing she already knows that. 
“I thought you might say that,” replies my mom.
Climbing into her car, I prepare myself to fill her in on Ryder.
Chapter 15

“That guy you had a crush on all of high school?” she asks, sounding surprised on our drive to the Breakfast House. 
“That's the one.” I can't hide the excitement I'm feeling.
“It's funny how things work out. Isn't it?” says my mom, more to herself than to me. “Just a heads-up, your father is going to meet us for breakfast.”
Looking at my mom with disbelief, I ask, “Does he know I'll be there?”
“Of course he does. He really misses you, honey.”
“Does he know Fayleigh and I broke up?” If he does, I'm sure that's the only reason he's coming.
My mom already knows what I'm thinking. “Yes, he does, and yes, I'm sure that's why he's willing to come to breakfast with us.”
My father's in a booth waiting for us when we arrive to the Breakfast House. 
Approaching the table, my father looks me apologetically in the eyes. He gives me a long hug, showing me how much he's missed me, and how sorry he is. My father will never say “I'm sorry” out loud. His hug, is his, “I'm sorry”.
“How's work going?” my dad asks me.
“We just finished with all the stunt double takes. I think they should be completely done filming by the end of the day tomorrow.”
“Got any calls for another movie?” My dad is acting like nothing ever happened between us. I'm okay with that. 
“Not yet. But you know me; I'm not going out looking for the work. If they want to hire me, they know where to find me.” Between what I make working for the Master Overlord and the movies I double in, I see no point in looking for the work. 
“Tori was telling me about her new boyfriend on the ride here,” intrudes my mom, changing the topic.
I know what she's up to, and it's definitely working.
My dad has the biggest smile I’ve seen on his face in a long time. “Really? Tell me, what's his name? What's he do for a living?” inquires my dad.
Giving my dad a briefing about Ryder over breakfast, he seems ecstatic. Well at least as ecstatic as my dad can get.
“When do we get to meet him?” asks my mom, showing a little excitement.
“Oh, I don't know. We really haven't been dating long.” I'm not ready to introduce Ryder to my parents yet. 
“Well, you can't hide him forever. You'll have to introduce us eventually,” points out my dad.
“I promise I won't hide him from you forever,” I say jokingly. 
After breakfast, my mom and I leave my dad for our girl’s day out of shopping.
Shopping the day away with my mom seems to be rushing by. We need more days like this. I love spending time with my mom. Even if all I’ve been thinking about this whole time is seeing Ryder.
Around two, my mom says to me, “I think I need a break from shopping.” She plops down onto a bench outside of one of the stores. 
“How about we go to a spa?” I suggest. Knowing my mom like I do, she won't pass up the suggestion.
“I'm game.” She stands back up as quickly as she sat down. “Let’s get the works done,” suggests my mom. “Manicure, pedicure, full body massage, maybe a mud bath.”
“Sounds good to me,” I reply, leading the way to the spa.

Leaving the spa, my mom says to me, “That was relaxing.”
“Yeah, it was. I needed that,” I reply. “It's close to dinnertime. What do you say we stop at the Mexican restaurant down the road and order take out?” I suggest. Our mother-daughter day is crawling to an end.
“Then margaritas at your place,” adds my mom. 
At the Mexican restaurant, my mom and I both order fajitas for dinner to go.

Back at my place, I pull out the margarita maker and ask my mom, “How does a raspberry margarita sound?”
“Sounds yummy,” says my mom, smiling, as she pulls some plates out of my cupboard to put our fajitas on. I like that my mom knows her way around my kitchen. 
My phone starts to ring Ryder's ringtone shortly after my mom and I have finished our dinner, and our second glass of margaritas. 
I answer with my mom giggling in the background. She gets giggly when she drinks, and the margaritas are going down smooth.
“I take it by the giggling in the background you're still with your mom,” says Ryder, trying really hard to hide his disappoint that I won't be coming tonight.
“Yeah. We're back at my place having margaritas. She's going to stay the night. I'll be heading your direction tomorrow around, I'm guessing about eleven.” I hope he's not too disappointed. 
“Okay.” I can feel his disappointment through the phone. “I'll wait to have lunch until you get here,” he tells me.
“I'll come sooner if I can. I'm sure you'd like to eat lunch before one,” I say, remembering he told me the job site is about two hours away.
“It doesn't bother me. I just want to see you. I'll text you the address after we hang up.” He sounds a little more cheerful. 
Before hanging up with Ryder, my mom shouts, “Bye, Ryder!” She's giggly and acting like a high schooler.
I can't help but laugh as I end my call with Ryder. 
It doesn't take long before my mom becomes tired from the margaritas. 
Before heading to one of the guest bedrooms, my mom tells me, “I had a lot of fun today. We'll have to do this again soon.” Her words are a little slurred and she's swaying slightly as she gives me a big bear hug.
“I had a lot of fun too, Mom,” I say, squeezing her tightly and giving her a small peck on the cheek. “I'll see you in the morning.” 

My mom left earlier than I expected this morning. 
Now I’m trying to decide what to wear to see Ryder. Knowing I'll be meeting some of his employees for the first time, I want to look nice. Maybe not so much nice, but more like hot for Ryder. 
I decide to wear my jean skirt that has black lace trimming the bottom, and around the pockets. I’m matching it with a black tank top that shows plenty of cleavage, and a pair of dressy black sandals. Tossing a couple changes of clothes in a duffel bag, I make sure not to forget my assassin bag, then make my drive to the address Ryder text me last night, in my apple red Corvette. 
At a quarter to one, I arrive in front of the beautiful mansion Ryder and his crew are building. The mansion is about the same size as mine. It's sitting on a large plot of land that has no grass, trees, or plants of any kind. My place was the same way. I had to have fresh sod grass rolled out to have a lawn. I'm sure they're going to have to do that here, too.
Ryder and another guy are working on the roof when I pull up in front of the mansion. Neither of them have their shirts on, which doesn't surprise me. It is a hot June day.
As soon as Ryder sees me, I see him swing himself into the nearest window to him, his muscle flexes as he grabs the windowsill to go inside. 
He comes running out the front door towards me, picks me up, and spins me around, like a scene in a movie.
“I'm so happy to see you. You look gorgeous,” he says before kissing me. He's not worried about the fact some of his employees are watching us.
Kissing him back, I don't care what they think either if he doesn’t; I’ve missed him.
He steps back from me. “Sorry I'm all sweaty and stinky.”
Pulling him back into my arms, I say, “Doesn't bother me any. You're a hardworking man. I would be worried if you weren't sweaty and stinky,” I say, laughing. 
“Nice car,” shouts the shirtless guy on the roof to me.
“Thanks,” I shout back.
I watch as the guy walks to the edge of the roof and then jumps off, landing on his feet. 
“Holy shit,” I say out loud. That was a really high jump, I can't believe he landed on his feet and made it look so effortless.
Ryder frowns at the guy walking over to us. “Tori, this is Wolf,” he tells me, not taking his eyes off Wolf. “Don't be doing stupid things like that on my jobsite. If you break something I'm not paying for a medical bill because of your stupidity,” he says through gritted teeth. 
Wolf rolls his eyes at Ryder, then looks at me. “I'm Ryder's best friend.” He smiles at me, putting out his hand for me to shake. 
“That depends on the day,” says Ryder.
“It's nice to finally meet you, Tori. I’ve heard a lot about you.” Wolf shakes my hand, and then says to Ryder, “Your girlfriend could stop traffic. How'd you get so lucky finding someone this fucking hot?” He's looking me up and down with a watering mouth. 
Ryder gives Wolf a look that says you're being obnoxious. 
Wolf seems to be a very outspoken person. He is a little tanner than Ryder, but like Ryder, it looks like his natural skin tone. He's maybe an inch shorter than Ryder, putting him at about six foot three. He's very well built. Not as ripped and toned as Ryder's muscles are, but it looks like he's working on it. He has dark brown hair, closer to black in color. He's kind of a hairy guy with a full chest of hair – I wonder if that's why they call him Wolf. He has very unique eyes, not as unique as Ryder's, but close. The outside of his eyes are black, fading into a dark brown, then a very light brown, making his pupil look blacker than normal. 
“Pardon my language,” Wolf says to me, “but damn, you are hot.”
Smiling, I say, “I can cuss like a construction worker, no need to apologize.” As long as he's only complimenting me and not hitting on me, we'll get along just fine. “Are you guys hungry? I can run and get you all something to eat?” I offer. 
“I was thinking we could just go somewhere,” says Ryder. 
“If I bring you lunch now, would you be able to stop working a little sooner, so we could go out for dinner and not have to rush?” I ask. 
He can see where my mindset is. I want to spend as much time with him as possible, without interrupting his work too much.
“I think the guys would be happy to stop working a little early today,” he says, smiling big.
“Yeah, we would. Ryder's like a slave driver.” Wolf puts in his two cents. 
“Where would you like me to go, or what sounds good?” I ask, ignoring Wolf's comment.
“Subway would be great,” he pulls out his wallet and hands me his business credit card. “Get ten Cold Cut Foot Longs, with everything, and large ice teas to drink with all of them. Add whatever you want for yourself to my card too.”
I tilt my head at him, wondering why he's not giving the guys the choice to pick their own sandwiches.
“If I'm buying, I don't give them a choice,” he answers my thought. “Same for their hotel room. I'm paying for it, so they don't complain about sharing the rooms.”
“Understandable. I'll be back shortly,” I tell him.
“Well, we complain, just not to you,” babbles Wolf, as I get back in my car.
I noticed a Subway on my way to his jobsite, so I already know how to get there.
Getting back to the jobsite after picking up the sandwiches, I see the guys come pouring out of the house like vultures hovering a dying animal. Wolf helps himself into my car to pass out the drinks and sandwiches. 
Ryder ignores the guys, taking my hand and leading me toward the mansion. “Let me show you around,” he tells me.
We’ve left our drinks and sandwiches with the hungry construction workers. If they're gone when we get back, I won't be surprised.
We walk through the front door of the mansion and he leads me down three sets of steps to the right, leading to the lower level.
Still holding my hand, he walks into a room to the left of the steps. I'm guessing it's going to be a theater room, because there are no windows in here.
He slowly, and quietly closes the door behind him, staring at me, waiting for my reaction. He looks so good standing there shirtless. 
Linking our fingers together, he puts my hands behind my back, and pushes me up against the wall. “I didn't want to show you around. This mansion is no bigger than yours. I just wanted to get you alone.” The star shape in his eyes is large, bright, and full of lust and desire. 
He presses his lips to mine, with a feeling that tells me he wants me, here, and now. I want to wrap my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist, but I can't move. I want to rip my shirt and bra off so I can feel his bare chest against my hardening nipples. 
Finally he lets go of one of my hands, allowing his hand to wander up my thigh and under my skirt. Letting my free hand move toward the front of his jeans, I rub my hand up and down his arousal, before moving to unbutton his jeans.
Thank God the guys are eating outside. I hope they stay out there long enough for us to fulfill Ryder's fantasy on having sex on a jobsite. 
I'm wearing a G-string, giving him very easy access to my wetness. With our lips still locked and tongues swirling, I push his jeans and boxers down from his waist. 
Abruptly he lets go of me, leaving me leaning on the wall, not wanting him to stop.
He kneels down on the carpet with his hard cock out, waiting for me to cover it. Leaning back on his heels he stares at me with his beautiful, bright, star-shaped eyes. He spins his finger, pointing toward the ceiling, making a circling motion for me to put my back to him. “Sit on me,” he demands. 
Kicking my sandals off, I turn my back to him, and kneel down in front of him. 
He places his hand with a firm hold on my ass, squeezing a little. I just want to throw myself down onto his cock, shoving him deep within me, as he fucks me hard.
He moves my G-string to the side with one finger, while wrapping his other arm around my waist. The arm around my waist quickly pulls me back toward him and down, fulfilling my desire. I gasp a little as I feel him deep inside of me. His body relaxes as if I were his drug he's been craving. I wrap my arms around his neck, leaning against his chest, feeling his heat roll through my body. Kissing my neck and rubbing his hands up and down my body, he stops with his hands on my hips and starts to move my body up and down, letting me feel his penis deep inside me with each up and down motion. Using my thighs, I move up and down on him a little faster.
“Oh, how I’ve missed you; and how good I feel so deep inside of you,” he whispers against my neck, thrusting himself into me harder.
I feel myself unravel around him, like a bow slowly being untied. I let out a low, satisfying sound of pleasure as he kisses my neck. 
He's the only person I’ve ever been with who can make me orgasm so fast. That thought alone makes me orgasm a second time as he thrusts himself hard into me, providing him with his own high-pleasured release. 
He kisses my neck and shoulder. I turn my head toward him so he can reach my lips. His strong arms are still holding me close to him, as he kisses me with released pleasure coming from him mouth. That may have been quick, but it was something we both desperately needed. 
Above us we can hear footsteps. 
I give Ryder an “oh shit” look, and he just smiles at me.
We hear someone stomp on the floor directly above ours heads and shout, “Hey, quit fucking your hot girlfriend and get back to work.”
I can hear a few of the guys laughing as the noise fades away from us to another room.
I move off of Ryder, not sure what to do. We've just been called out.
Ryder clearly doesn't care. He laughs, pulling his jeans up. As I’m slipping my sandals on, he wraps his arms around me. “Don't worry about it. They're guys, their just assuming that's what we were doing. Shall we go eat our lunch?”
I smile at him and nod.
Luckily, all the guys are busy working when we come back upstairs, so they don't notice us. 
Leaning against the hood of my car, we begin to eat our lunch.
“So what are you going to do until I get done working?” asks Ryder.
“I guess I'll probably go shopping. I noticed a strip mall close to Subway. Do you just want to call me when you're done working and I can meet you at your hotel?”
“Sounds like a good plan to me. I have the perfect place I would like to take you for dinner.”
We finish eating our lunch. Surprisingly and thankfully, none of the guys say anything more about us being alone together. 
Leaving Ryder to get back to work, I head out to go shopping. 

I’ve found a cute outfit and a nice summer dress while out shopping. Ryder doesn’t think we will be going to dinner till about 7:30 tonight, so I’ve bought a magazine, and stopped at a little Ma and Pa ice cream shop for a snack; and to kill time. 
Thankfully, I’m in a little corner of the ice cream shop by myself, reading my magazine, when I notice my vision beginning to fade the more I read. 

“Neferatari,  I have a big job for you. There's a very old vampire who's gone rogue. He needs stopped tonight. No exceptions. Be prepared. He will be a challenge to kill. He's been around long enough he can come out about 45 minutes before dusk. Silver will not slow him down. It has no effect on him what-so-ever. I highly recommend the dienerite minerals, but he is fast and you may lose a few bullets. If you complete this job tonight, as I expect you to, there will be a very large payout in your account. His night chamber is in Boulder City out by Industrial Road.”
The Master Overlord sends me a mental picture and the location of the rogue vampire.
I tell him, “Thank you, sir. I will not let you down.”

As soon as my eyes are clear, I check the time from my cell phone. Its 6:40 now, I need to be there by 7:15 at the latest, since the sun sets at about eight this time of the year. That gives me plenty of time to get to Boulder City. 
I'm running all this through my head as I walk to my car and realize if he rises at about 7:15, and he's going to be hard to kill I won't make it in time to meet Ryder for dinner. What should I tell him? Emergency at home, work called, or I'm lost? If I knew this was going to be an easy kill, I could go with the story I'm lost, but I already know it's going to be a hard kill.
Ryder's number in my phone is speed dial number four, and I call him. When he answers he sounds winded, like he must have been lifting something heavy.
“Hey, sorry to bug you, but I’ve got some bad news.”
“Okay. What's that?” Sounds like his breathing is getting back to normal.
“Anthony called. There's a problem with one of the shots in the movie. He needs me to come in and help with the shot, because I'm in part of it.” That sounds believable. 
“Can't it wait till tomorrow?” Ryder sounds disappointed, or maybe a little mad.
“No, this is the only thing that's left to fix in the movie. I have to head back tonight, or he may take a cut out of my check.”
“Well that doesn't seem right.” He pauses before saying, “I understand. Any chance you could come back up tomorrow night?” 
“I think I can manage that,” I say, smiling. “So dinner date for tomorrow night instead?”
“Sounds good to me. I'm glad I got to see you for a little while; I had fun,” he adds in.
“Me too.” I'm not sure if fun is the word I would choose, but I'm sure there's an employee by him.
“See you tomorrow night, beautiful.”
“Tomorrow.”
We hang up and I'm in the car heading to Boulder City.

Making it to Boulder City at 7:10 with a few minutes to spare, I change quickly into a pair of jeans, and tennis shoes. After tying my hair back tight to keep it out of the way, I stick my revolver in the holster and strap the holster to my jeans. Grabbing my stake, I shove it in the back of my jeans, and a vial of holy water in my shirt between my breasts. I scan the area for where this vampire's night chamber may be. I already have an idea, there's an area out here that's perfect for a vampire to spend his nights in.
As soon as I notice the rogue vampire come out for his next night of murdering, I start toward him with the revolver already pulled.
As I expected, he notices me right away, and he takes off at full vampire speed to get away from me.
It's very hard to sight down the gun, aiming at something running that fast, so I have to keep up with him and wait for a clear chance to shoot. I can't afford to waste any of these dienerite bullets. He may be an old vampire, but I'm keeping up with him just fine.
I chase him at full immortal speed, running through the cloud of dust he's kicking up under his feet. The dust cloud behind me is growing larger as I stir up dirt under my own feet in this high-speed chase on foot. He's heading straight for a tourist spot for zip-lining. 
As he approaches the beginning of the zip-line he, takes a large leap up and grabs onto one of the harnesses. No need or time to strap himself in, just another way to get away from me. Off he goes flying down the zip-line, moving further away from me. I can run as fast as him, but I can't jump quite that high. I'm sure he used a little levitation with that big of a jump. 
I shove the revolver back into its holster, running up to the starting spot of the zip-line. Next to his zip-line I grab a harness, and take off after him. I don't bother strapping myself in either. Luckily everyone must be on break, or on a zip-line, in a different area. I don't see a single other person out here. He's quite a ways ahead of me, but I weigh less than he does, so I'll be picking up speed. Not being strapped into the harness is making us hang lower than normal. His zip-line is closest to a couple of lonely trees out here in the middle of nowhere. I can see him hit a large branch at his knees, and lose grip with one hand. Without struggle, he grabs back onto the harness with both hands.
Quickly I’m gaining speed. I'm almost within shooting range. I let go of the harness with my right hand to retrieve the revolver. If I wasn't immortal, there's no way I could hold onto this harness with one hand at this speed and not fall. Sighting down the gun, I aim for his head. I shoot, but not before hitting a bump in the zip-line. The bullet misses his head and shoots out into the distance past him. I'm not sure if I'm more pissed that I’ve missed him, or that I know I've lost a dienerite bullet I'll never be able to find. 
Realizing I have a gun, and that the bullet barley missed him, he lets go of the harness, dropping straight to the ground. A good 20 feet or more below him, he lands on his feet like a cat. He hesitates to take off running. To get a better look at me maybe? Whatever the reason, it benefits me. Zipping over top of his head, I swivel my hips, turning the harness to face him, sight down the gun, and shoot. The bullet hits dead-on between his eyes. I watch as he bursts into flames of sea green, sapphire, and an electric crimson before disintegrating into ashes.
With my back turned to shoot the vampire, I don't realize the zip-line is reaching the end. The harness hits the end, smashing my left arm into the landing platform. My arm goes numb and I have no choice but to let go. Thankfully I land in the dirt on my feet, but my arm is starting to feel the pain. I'm not a god, I do still feel pain, and bleed, but I do at least heal as fast as most immortals. I can feel something wet rolling down the back of my arm. Shoving the revolver back into its holster with my right hand, I turn my left arm to see blood oozing down the back of it. I have a huge gash along my triceps from where I hit the platform. I may need stitches, but I can't tell. All I can see is blood. It needs wrapped up to slow the bleeding, so I take off my bra and use it to wrap my arm in until I can get somewhere to clean it up, and find out if I need stitches. I'm sure me walking around without my bra will be less noticeable than if I was walking around in my bra because I used my shirt to wrap it up. I need to get this cleaned up, but first I want to retrieve the bullet that killed the vampire.
Picking through the ashes, I find the colorful bullet without any problem. Shoving it in my pocket, I head for the car.
I'm surprised the Master Overlord hasn't broke through my thoughts yet. He doesn't always, but he sounded almost worried about this one.
Blood is seeping through the bra. I really hope I don't need stitches. If I can superglue it I would much rather do that. Most people need stitches in for about a week to 10 days. With the size of this cut I would need them in for maybe one day, two days at most. So it seems pointless for me to get stitches.
Carefully and slowly I climb into my car, being very cautious not to get blood on anything. There's a drugstore I noticed while I was out shopping. I'll stop in there and use their bathroom to clean up.
I'm doing my best not to draw attention to by bleeding arm, but in a public bathroom with many stalls, there is no way to really hide it.
There's a curly, gray-haired lady at the sink washing her hands as I start to unravel my bra from my arm. “Oh, my goodness, dear. What on earth happened to your arm?” asks the woman in a very sweet voice.
I think up a quick lie. “I cut it on my car, trying to change the oil myself.” That sounded fairly believable.
“Oh, dear. You should really get yourself a good man to help you do that. A pretty girl like you shouldn't be working on a car.” The sweet little old lady seems to be stuck back in the day when women still relied on men.
Ignoring her comment, I wash off my arm. It is still bleeding, but nothing like before.
“Here, dear, let me have a look at that,” she says, turning me to look at my arm. “You may need stitches. I'm afraid you cut yourself good,” she says, examining my arm. 
Looking closer at the cut through the mirror, I tell her, “I think I can glue it and it should be fine. I really don't want to get stitches.”
“No one wants to get stitches, dear, but sometimes you need them,” she says, still looking at my arm.
I'm not going for stitches, no matter how much this little old lady insists. “I came here to clean up because I knew I could get everything I need to bandage myself up. I'm going to glue it,” I say as sweetly as I can to her. 
The old lady puts both her hands on her hips. “Well, if you aren't going to get stitches, let me go get you the proper supplies to clean that up with, then I'll help you glue it and wrap it.” 
“That's very nice of you.” I start digging into my pockets for some money. “Here let me give you the money to get everything.”
The lady shakes her head opening the bathroom door. “I got it, dear. That's petty cash for this little old woman,” she says, smiling.
It's petty cash to me too, but I know better than to argue with a sweet little old lady. 
The little old lady is back and has me bandaged up in no time. “There you go, dear. All finished. I have four boys. When they were kids, they were always finding new ways to injure themselves. We didn't always have the money to take them to the doctor, so I know a thing or two about small injuries.” She gives me a small smile.
“Thank you so much for your help, ma'am.”
“Call me Hellen, dear,” she says, smiling a little bigger. 
“It's nice to meet you, Hellen. My name is Tori. Any chance I could take you to dinner as a thank you for your help?” 
“That's very nice of you to offer, Tori. So many of the young kids today have terrible manners and just expect people to do things for them.”
“I was raised much better than that.” My parents would have back-handed me when I was a kid if I was as rude as some of the kids are today. “So what do you say, would you like to grab a bite to eat?”
“That sounds very nice. I haven't been to dinner with someone in a long time. My boys live out of state and my husband passed away about two years ago. I eat dinner alone a lot,” she says in a soft, sad voice. 
That's terrible. Both my grandparents are dead, but I always try to make time for my parents. “Well, you don't have to eat dinner alone tonight.” I hold my good arm out to her. “Shall we?”


Chapter 16

I'm really glad I told Ryder I had to redo a shot in the movie. By the time I got done having dinner with Hellen last night, it was close to 8:30 p.m. Plus it was nice to sleep in my own bed. I'm sure the hotel bed Ryder's sleeping in can't be as comfortable as my bed.
My phone rings at noon. Ryder's number coming across the phone screen. “Hey, babe. Want to meet me at 6:30 tonight for dinner?” he asks, excited to see me again tonight.
“Sounds good to me. Will you guys be taking tomorrow off?” Tomorrow is Sunday, and his guys have been working straight since Monday.
“No, we're still working tomorrow. We have a deadline to meet.”
“When do you think you'll be finished with this house?”
“We have to be finished by Wednesday at the latest.”
Ugh. I'm not staying up there until Wednesday. “Well, I can't wait to see you tonight. I won't be able to stay up there until Wednesday, though.”
“Uh, why not?” he asks, pouting. 
Since I can't see him, I would be willing to bet his bottom lip is sticking out, making a pouting face. I don't want to lie to him, so I'm honest when I tell him, “Because I'll be bored out of my mind. I love spending time with you. But I'm not really spending time with you if I'm staying in the hotel room while you're at work,” I point out.
“You could come help. I'll pay you,” he offers a suggestion.
“Don't you need someone with strength?” Not that that's a problem for me, but he doesn't need to know that.
“You could help the painters.” Again he repeats, “I could pay you.”
“I like painting. You don't need to pay me,” I say kind of stern. 
“No, no, if you're going to work on my jobsite I'll pay you.” He's persistent.
“You're not paying me, Ryder. Save your money.” I can be stubborn, too. Before he can answer, I think of something. “Well, you could always pay me in other ways, if you know what I mean.” I'm sure he can tell I'm smiling as I tell him this.
“Oh, baby, I know what you mean. I'll make it well worth your time,” he tells me with a low, seductive voice. “Wear something nice for dinner tonight. I'm going to take you somewhere special.”
“Where do you want me to meet you?”
“We're staying at the Hilton’s Inn. I'm in suite 4540.”
“Okay I'll be there by 6:30,” I say, wishing it was time to go now. 
“Until tonight,” he says in a smooth voice. “Bye, beautiful.” 
I love when he uses his smooth talker charm on me. “Bye Ryder,” I say with a big grin. 
We hang up. I have plenty of time to find something to wear for dinner tonight. Also I need to clean my revolver. I try really hard to keep my guns clean. If you take care of your guns, they will take care of you.
After cleaning my revolver, I decide to work out for a couple hours. Then I begin getting ready for my dinner date with Ryder, choosing to wear a long V-neck black dress, with emerald rhinestones trimming the shoulder straps and along the front breast line of the dress. Curling my hair in big curls and pinning it up loosely will look perfect with this dress. The heels I choose to wear with the dress are tall emerald, glittered heels. I plan to put those on once I get to the hotel. I hate driving in heels. My bag of assassin tools and my change of clothes are still in the car. So that will save me a little time.

The door to Ryder's hotel room is bigger than the rest. He did say he is in a suite. I knock and he opens the door right away, as if he had been standing by it waiting for me. He's wearing just a towel around his waist. His hair is wet and his body is glistening from little droplets of water, rolling down his rippling muscles, making him look scrumptious. 
“You look stunning,” he tells me, pulling me through the door, and closing it behind me before kissing me.
“I feel a little overdressed.” I look him up and down, feeling myself starting to crave his body to touch mine. “Are you wearing that to dinner?” I joke.
“Not unless we're dining in,” he smiles his sinfully sexy smile at me.
I tug the towel a little, pulling him back in for another kiss. The towel lands at our feet, and he embraces me with a gentle enticing kiss.
He gently pulls away from me, shaking his head. “No distracting me with your soft lips and kissable body,” he says with his sexy smile back in place. 
Me distract him? More like the other way around. He's standing in front of me naked, with his sexually arousing body, tempting me in every sinful way possible.
“We've got dinner reservations we can't be late for.” He walks away from me toward a nice black suit, with an emerald green tie hanging on a hook by the bathroom door. 
I don't want to stop with just a kiss, but at least I get a great view of his perfect, tight ass.
“Have a seat. I just need to get dressed and put a little mousse in my hair. Then I'll be ready.”
Ryder's suite has a living room, small kitchen, large bathroom, and a bedroom, with closing double doors. 
Not wanting to mess up my curls, I sit down on the edge of the sofa. My curls are soft and loose, and if I lean back, I may flatten them. Unless he wants to lay on top of me. He can mess up my curls all he wants. Yep, my mind is officially in the gutter. Damn my hot boyfriend for turning me on and leaving me hanging.
Ryder comes out of the bathroom dressed, hair moussed and ready to go.
“How did you know I would be wearing something with green in it tonight?” I ask. Sometimes I wonder if he can read my mind.
“I didn't,” he replies. “The tie just made me think of your beautiful emerald green eyes.” He smiles, tilting his head slightly, giving me an innocent look. Pulling me off the sofa he says, “Shall we, my love?”
I smile at him, blushing slightly from the words ‘my love’, letting him lead me to his truck. He makes me feel bashful when he calls me his love, but I like when he calls me that. Those two words make me feel like I'm the only one who exists in his world. 
“What's the name of the restaurant we're going to?” I ask after he puts the truck in drive.
“Canagan's,” he responds with a big smile. 
I try to recall if I’ve ever heard of that name, but I can't. “I've never heard of it. Is it new?”
“Fairly new. It opened a little under a year ago.” His answer seems almost mischievous. 
How can something as simple as talking about a restaurant seem so mischievous? I wonder what he's up to. A quick, unnerving thought crosses my mind. We're dressed up, with reservations we can't be late to, and there's something about the way he answered, it makes me think he's up to something....Oh, my god, I hope he's not intending to propose. I can feel my heart starting to race and my palms are beginning to sweat. What would I say if he proposed? We haven't even said “I love you” yet. 
We're holding hands while he's driving. He must have felt my hand tighten around his without my thinking about it. “You seem really tense all of a sudden, is everything okay?” he asks me. 
I don't know. Am I overreacting, or reading too much into this? If yes, then yes I'm fine. But what if I'm right? “No, I'm fine. Maybe a little excited to see this new restaurant.” What else can I say?
“Why do I get the feeling there's something you're not telling me?” He glances at me quickly with an eyebrow up. 
Maybe more like the other way around. “Is there something you're not telling me?” I reply right back.
“No, not that I can think of,” he answers in a calm voice with no reaction. “Is there something I should be telling you?” he asks, fishing for an answer.
This could go on and on. It's starting to feel like a riddle. “I'm not sure,” I say.
“What do you mean? Did something happen? Are you mad about something?” I’ve obviously got him worked up because of the way I’m acting having thought too much into this situation. 
Okay, time to change the topic or lighten the mood, or something. “I'm not mad. Maybe horny, but definitely not mad,” I say, joking. 
That comment makes him smile. “Well, I can take care of that later,” he says, running his hand up and down my leg.
I smile, feeling myself start to relax again. I'm not going to think about the what ifs right now. I'll just let whatever happens tonight happen, and go with the flow.
The parking lot of Canagan's is packed full. It is a Saturday night. Ryder helps me out of his tall truck, lifting me up and setting me down as if I weighted no more than a gallon of milk. Oh, the many benefits of having a strong boyfriend. 
There's a door greeter outside of Canagan's holding the door open for Ryder and me. “Good evening, Mr. Seff,” says the door greeter to us with a large smile.
How does he know his name? Is it because he had everything planned out ahead of time, because he is proposing? I gulp silently, feeling pressure roll down my throat. 
“Evening, Sam. Is my table ready?” The door greeter isn't wearing a nametag, yet Ryder knows his name. 
“Yes, sir. Andrea will be your server tonight.” Sam is leaving his post at the door to lead us to our table. I couldn't tell until we got closer, but Sam is a vampire. 
Maybe he's not the door greeter. Maybe he's just here to greet Ryder and me. 
It's amazing to me how well some vampires can cover up being dead. Sam is clearly no one I need to worry about. Sometimes I get these vibes when a vampire is bad, or has done bad things. I really don't know how to explain it much more than that I just know.
The inside of Canagan's is beautiful. It's a very dimly lit romantic restaurant, with candles providing the majority of the light. It makes each table look like it’s the only table in the whole restaurant. There is stunning artwork painted on all the walls. Each wall has a different background, making that area of the room feel like you're somewhere other than Nevada. One wall is painted to look like your table is on a balcony overlooking the ocean. Another wall is painted to look like your dining in France with the Eiffel Tower glowing in the distance. The painting is so surreal. It really looks like the Eiffel Tower is truly glowing. There's a man playing a piano and a woman playing a violin in a corner of the room. Their music is so enchanting, it's hard to believe it's coming from them.
Sam leads us into a private room, with closed doors.
My heart rate begins to increase with the thought of Ryder's possible plan, but is slowed back to normal almost immediately after looking around the room. This entire private room has the Sistine Chapel painted on all the walls and even on the ceiling. It's absolutely breathtaking. 
Walking around our private room, I look closely at each of the walls. Staring at this breathtaking art has made me forget completely where I am. Finishing looking at the art, I turn to see Ryder and Sam patiently waiting for me by the only table in the room.
“Sorry,” I say. “I've just never seen anything like this before.”
“Don't be sorry. That's the effect we hope to get from this room,” Sam says to me, but looking at Ryder, smiling.
Ryder smiles, but says nothing.
Sam pulls my chair out, waiting for me to sit down. He gently scoots my chair in under me as I sit down. 
“Bring us a bottle of Chateau Ducru-Beaucaillou Saint Julien, please Sam.”
“1962 sir?” He asks to be sure he doesn't bring the wrong one. 
Ryder gives him a slight nod, acting very professional, as if he orders wine all the time.
Sam leaves us alone, closing the doors behind him. 
Still mesmerized by the beautiful art I almost didn't notice in the center of our table is a bouquet of my favorite flower, the Cutting Thai Plumeria. In the corner of the room is another piano, with another bouquet of Cutting Thai Plumerias.
“Where do you find these flowers? You know they're supposed to be rare.” My eyes are glowing with gratification from this gorgeous view, my gorgeous boyfriend, the gorgeous art, and all these gorgeous flowers. I can't help but to smile from ear to ear. 
All he says to me is, “They are,” tilting his head and smiling, locking his eyes with mine.
I know he'll never tell me where he keeps finding them. I think I'm okay with that. He will surprise me every time he gives me them.
A lady enters the room holding in one hand our bottle of wine in a bucket, and two wine glasses in her other hand. She's dressed in a satin white button-up long-sleeved shirt, and a short black skirt, with black tights, and flats. She has her blonde hair tied up in a ponytail, and in my opinion, she is wearing too much makeup. But it's also my opinion that skirt is too short to be waiting on tables, in such a classy restaurant. “Good evening, Mr. Seff. It's so good to see you again. It's been too long.” she emphasizes the word so, while locking eyes with him and setting the wine onto the edge of the table.
She's sure not being shy about flirting with him in front of his girlfriend.
“Good evening, Andrea. How's business tonight?” He's being polite. Certainly not flirting back.
“Better now that you're here, Mr. Seff,” she says in a somewhat sexy tone. 
Hey, that's my line. I said that to him at the class reunion. 
“Andrea, I would like you to meet my girlfriend, Tori,” he tells her, looking at me, and reaching for my hand.
Take that bitch! At least her comment didn't have the same effect on him as it did when I said it. Maybe I’m being a little petty, but seriously - who does that? Flirting with someone’s boyfriend right in front of them. 
Andrea opens the bottle of wine and fills our glasses. She nods at me, setting the wine glass in front of me, not saying hi, or smiling.
“Did you know what you would like for dinner tonight, or would you like a couple menus?” she asks Ryder in a sweet voice, as if I'm not in the room.
“We'll have two caesar salads to start. For dinner we'll have venison steak, topped with sautéed mushrooms and onions. One done rare, the other done...” he pauses for me to answer.
“Medium.” I’ve never had someone order for me. I'm not sure how I feel about this.
Ryder continues our order, “Two sweet potatoes, butter and brown sugar on the side,” he pauses again looking at me. He gives me his sexy, seductive smile, and rubs his thumb across the top of my knuckles. “I think we'll save dessert for later,” he says, looking in my eyes, and giving me a little wink. 
I tilt my head and smile at him, not the slightest bit embarrassed by his comment. I should be a little embarrassed, but I'm not. I'm not because of how she has been hitting on my boyfriend since the moment she entered this room. 
Glancing up at Andrea, I catch her rolling her eyes. If it weren't for Ryder's comment, I probably would have confronted her on it. But as it is, she can clearly see he has every intention of doing more than just going home with me tonight.
“Will that be all sir?” she asks more curtly. 
“Yes, Andrea. Thank you.” Ryder still doesn't give her a glance. 
Before she has the door closed behind her, I'm sure she hears Ryder say to me, “You're eyes are like emeralds in that dress. You are my walking breathtaking work of art.” 
Blushing slightly to Ryder's comment, I hear the door slam shut behind her.
Ryder doesn't seem to notice. He continues, “I could stare into your eyes forever.” His voice is becoming very seductive.
I could easily say yes to a proposal tonight if he would give me random compliments like that for as long as we both shall live.
What am I saying? We haven't been dating long enough. How does he do that to me? How can he make me feel like... like as if he has a magical power that pulls me to him, bending me at his will. Making me feel like I would do anything, give anything to be with him. 
Giving him a fake, shy smile, I take a sip of my wine, hoping he hasn't noticed my mind had wandered off. “You look gorgeous tonight, Ryder. I'm not sure if we'll make it back to the hotel for dessert.”
Ryder raises my hand to his lips, staring intently into my eyes, watching for any reaction I may give him. His heat rolls through my hand to my hardening nipples. Diligently, he slips my index finger into his mouth and swirls his tongue around it. 
My finger is no longer the only thing that's wet. 
Hearing the door open behind me, he slowly lays my hand back down on the table, smiling his sinfully sexy smile.
I'm looking at him thinking how quickly I could jump across this table, and take him here in now. I could fuck him three ways from Sunday and not give a damn if anyone else in this restaurant heard our screams of pleasure. 
Andrea sets our caesar salads down in front of us, not saying a word. Giving neither Ryder nor me any kind of eye contact, before rushing back out of the room.
I'm so happy she got the hint, that Ryder is only interested in me. I have so much built up sexual tension right now, I would be likely to beat the makeup off her face, then stake my claim to my man.
Ryder starts in on his salad. He looks up at me smiling as if he never could have possibly made me wet and starving for his body. “Aren't you hungry?” He flashes a smile and takes a sip of wine.
“Not for food,” I rub my ankle up and down his leg under the table. 
Still acting calm and untouched, he tells me with a big grin, “You really should eat.” He points at my food with his fork. 
Under the table I’ve slid off my one heel to move my foot up his leg, onto his chair, and in between his legs.
He looks calm and untouched in the face, but between his legs, I feel something that tells me otherwise. 
He closes his eyes for a brief moment, showing me he can't hide his sexual tension any longer. 
I can play calm and collected, too. “So how does the staff know you? Do you come here often?” I ask, still rubbing my foot up his leg. Beginning to eat my salad, I watch as sexual thoughts start running across his beautiful star glowing eyes. 
“Not as often as I probably should. The staff knows me because I own Canagan's,” he says, taking another bite of his salad.
My jaw about hits the table. That caught me completely off guard. “You never told me you own a restaurant.”
He just smiles at me, enjoying my surprised expression.
“I get the feeling I have a lot more to learn about you, Ryder Seff,” I say, looking into his eyes. 
He takes a sip of his wine then says, “Funny, I get the same feeling about you.”
Sliding my foot off his chair from between his legs, I prepare for some real dinner conversation. “What made you want to own a restaurant?” I ask, trying to get to know my boyfriend better. 
“I make a lot of money owning my construction company. I wanted to own a restaurant only because I wanted somewhere I could go and be guaranteed a table, with good service.” He gives me a slight shrug, knowing that may sound like a silly reason. 
I let out a little chuckle. “Seems like an odd reason to want to own a restaurant, but it does make sense. Do you personally know the person who painted all this amazing artwork?” I ask, looking around the room. 
“I should hope so,” he pauses, leaving me hanging for the rest of his answer. “I painted everything in this building.”
His smile grows big at the shocked look on my face. I'm taken aback by his answer. “Where did you learn to paint?” I ask, stunned almost beyond words. 
“Self-taught,” he replies proudly. “By the way, I also own the club next door to here.”
Another surprise to me. “What's the name of your club?”
“Canagan's.”
He can see the puzzled look on my face.
“Did you notice when we came in the main entrance there were two doors?” he asks before taking another bite of his food. 
I nod, remembering I noticed that.
“We came in through the left side, which is the restaurant side. If we would have gone in the door to the right, we would have gone into the club,” he explains. 
“Doesn't the music disturb the people on the restaurant side?”
“Nope. When I built this place, I made sure the walls that divided the restaurant from the club were sound proof.” His smile is big, proud of his own idea. 
“Very smart.” I’ve finished my salad and I set it on the end of the table, next to his empty bowl. “So what kind of club is it?”
“A dance club, of course. I like to put those dance lessons to use every now and then,” he tells me, laughing a little. “I try to change it up. One night is salsa dancing, another country line dancing. I have disco night, ballroom dancing, and of course good old fashioned dirty dancing.” He gives me a wink on the dirty dancing. “I just rotate through a list of dance types, and styles every night.”
“It's too bad Canagan's isn't on the Vegas strip. You would get a ton of business.”
“I get a ton of business being here. Even on weeknights, the night club reaches maximum capacity. It's packed full every night. When we leave here, there will be a line of people waiting outside to get in.” He's very proud of how busy Canagan's gets. “Canagan's is one of the places that the locals tell the tourists about. I can take you next door after dinner if you would like?”
“Sounds like fun. What kind of dancing is going on tonight?” I hope not Salsa, I don't know how to Salsa. Then again, other than club style dancing, I don't know much dancing in general. 
“Dirty dancing tonight, of course.” He gives me that same wink.
“If I dirty dance with you after dinner, we may not make it off the dance floor.” I put my shoeless foot back between his legs and wiggle my toes a little, teasing and taunting him with every wiggle.
Andrea re-enters the room with our dinner. She gently sets the plates down in front of us and asks, “How does everything look? Is your steak down the way you like?” She's being professional again.
Ryder and I cut into our steaks to see if they're cooked right, while she refills our glasses of wine.
“How does yours look, Tori? Done the way you want?” Ryder asks me.
“Yes. It looks good. Thank you.”
“Everything looks good, Andrea. Thank you,” says Ryder, giving her a quick look, without a smile. 
“You’re welcome, sir. You two enjoy your dinner. I'll be back in a bit to check on you.”
I take a bite of my steak while still taunting Ryder under the table. “Something wrong, darling?” I ask in my sexy, soft voice. 
His eyes are growing brighter. “No, dear. Nothing at all,” his voice seems a little lower. 
Laughing, I take a sip of my wine.
Ryder starts eating his steak, maybe a little faster than he should.
“Are you in a hurry? I thought we were enjoying a slow romantic dinner,” saying the word slow, I rub his hard erection up and down, slow and smooth.
He closes his eyes. Looking like he's trying very hard to control himself. 
His eyes still closed, I slide quietly under the table and crawl over toward the large erection trying to break free of his pants. He jumps a little as I run my hand up his pant leg. 
I wish I could see the expression on his face.
Smoothly, I undo his pants, grasping the shaft of his penis as it breaks free. He's not wearing any boxers, making him all the more accessible.
No teasing him this time, I shove his whole cock in my mouth, all the way to the back of my throat, and suck hard. I hope he squirms. 
“Oh, fuck.” I hear him say in a whisper. “Tori...I...”
Talking dirty to him I say, “Cum in my mouth. You know you want to.” I suck on him harder, making him forget what he was trying to say. Instead, I hear him let out a loud moan, hardening even more inside my mouth. 
Giving him head is making me so horny. I can feel the wetness between my legs and my nipples hardening. My pussy tightens up as he moans again, sending vibrations through his body. A feeling as if I could cum from having his large cock in my mouth, it makes me dripping wet. 
He taps the table above my head, warning me he's about to cum. I can feel his warm liquid sliding down the back of my throat. 
Making sure not a drop touches his black pants, I suck and swallow every bit. Cleaning the rest of him with my tongue. Licking him up and down.
He leans over, lifting the long table cloth to see me running my finger around my mouth, putting the little bit of cum on my finger into my mouth.
His mouth opens a little, finding it very sexy that I put my finger in my mouth like I was licking sweet chocolate off of it. “The things I'm going to do to you,” he tells me in a rough, sexy voice. “Get back up here before someone comes in.” He gives me a boyish grin.
Too late. The door behind me is opening up. 
Ryder drops the table cloth and scoots forward to cover his unbuttoned pants. The table cloth reaches the floor, so I'm not worried about anyone seeing me.
“How's dinner, Mr. Seff?” asks Andrea.
“Very good, Andrea. Thank you.” His voice still sounds a little unsteady.
“You haven't eaten much, maybe you’re hungry for something else.” I can see the shadow of her legs through the tablecloth. She's standing very close to him.
Ryder clears his throat and says, “Excuse me?”
I can hear her lean both hands onto the table. “I see your girlfriend has left you all alone in here,” she's talking in a soft, quiet voice. “I could never leave you alone. I would want to touch you all the time. Like I do right now.”
Ryder moves a little, as if he were going to stand up, but remembered his pants are still undone. “Andrea, you have crossed a big line. I have no intentions of breaking up with my girlfriend, and especially not for a slut like you.” Ryder is angry now. “Grab your things and get the hell out of my restaurant. You're fired,” he yells
I hear nothing from Andrea except her feet stomping across the room and the door slamming behind her.
Crawling out from under the table, I move back into my seat, speechless.
“Well, that was a hell of a way to ruin a great night. I'm sorry you had to hear that,” Ryder says in a soft, apologetic voice. 
I'm not exactly sure what I'm supposed to say. I know what I would like to say to Andrea, or maybe more like what I would like to do to her. To prevent me from doing anything stupid, I start eating my dinner.
Ryder leans back a little and zips up his pants, just in time for the door to open again. I turn to see Sam walk in the room. Ryder gets up and meets him half way to our table.
“I'm not questioning your authority sir, but why did you just fire Andrea?” Sam is being very calm and polite, not wanting to upset Ryder and chance himself getting fired.
Ryder tells him in a quiet voice, pretending to keep quiet so I don't hear him, “While my girlfriend was in the bathroom, Andrea thought it to be appropriate to tell me, ‘“she would never leave me alone and that she would, want to touch me all the time.”’ I have no idea who the hell she thinks she is, but I will not tolerate that kind of behavior in my restaurant,” he says sternly. 
“I'm so sorry that happened sir. Is there anything I can do, or should do?” Sam asks, fidgeting nervously. 
“Just make sure she gets off my property. She's not welcome in Canagan's ever again. We'll mail her last check to her.”
“Yes sir. I'll take care of it sir. You two just finish enjoying your meal. Don't let this ruin your night.”
Sam quietly shuts the door behind him and Ryder comes back to take his seat. 
“Can we pretend Andrea didn't just ruin a wonderful night?” asks Ryder with hope.
Flashing him a smile, I ask, “Wonderful night or wonderful blow job?” Showing him I agree to pretend it never happened. 
“You are a one of a kind, Tori Lane.”
I drink a little more of my wine and continue eating my meal.
Ryder is staring at me while working on his dinner.
The silence feels almost awkward. I look around the room and see the piano sitting in the corner. It makes me think, “How come we can't hear the music in here?”
“Because it's a private room. Used for special occasions, and the occasional business meeting. Would you like me to have someone come back here to play it?” 
“No, I prefer to be alone in here with you.” My smile is sincere.
He finishes another glass of wine, then he walks over to the piano. There he sits down in front of it, then begins to play. “I could play and we can still be alone in here,” he says while playing.
Wow, he's full of surprises tonight. I kick off my other high heel under the table, then walk over and sit down next to him, facing away from the piano. “I had no idea you can play.”
“Another one of my mom's bright ideas to keep me out of trouble,” he snickers. 
“Can you play any other instruments?”
“I can play the electric guitar and the drums. But I'm best at the piano,” he says with a bright smile. 
“It sounds beautiful. What is it?”
“Just something I made up.”
I watch his eyes follow his fingers flowing smoothly to each key. Listening to this beautiful music he has created, I feel myself fall into a trance, completely mesmerized by his talent.
Standing I lean my elbows onto the piano behind me. “You are amazing,” I say, watching his face. I can see myself falling in love with this man.
The music stops playing, and he slides me over so I'm standing directly in front of him.
The door opens behind us. I'm guessing its Sam, I don't turn to check. Ryder gives the person at the door a shooing motion with his hand. 
The door quietly closes again. 
Ryder hasn't taken his eyes off me. “I think you're amazing.” He places his hands on my hips and kisses my stomach. 
Feeling my lower body start to pulsate, I hold my breath, waiting for what he'll do next.
He stands up just enough to reach my still hard nipples. Gently he nibbles one with his teeth through my dress. “Breathe, beautiful,” he whispers to me.
Letting out the breath I’ve been holding, I close my eyes.
“I've been wanting to put your nipples in my mouth since I noticed them harden after I kissed your hand.” He raises his mouth to reach mine, pressing his soft lips against mine. He tongue invades my mouth like his large cock had, and I want so much more than just his tongue to be inside of me. His hands reach for the shoulder straps of my dress. Using the tips of his fingers, he glides the straps down my arms, giving me a small shiver. His soft touch is making me starve for his body to be inside mine.
Running my fingers through his hair, I give a little tug.
He moves his soft lips down to my jaw, kissing down my neck, leaving little wet kisses behind each kiss leading back toward my now - exposed nipples.
I let out a low gasp as he intakes me into his warm mouth. Arching my back I let him take full advantage of my breasts. My butt hits a few of the piano's keys. His erotic heat is running through me. If he doesn't stop, we may end up having sex right here on this piano, with an unlocked door to this private room.
“Ryder...” I gasp, trying to finish what I want to say, “Ryder, we should stop.” I’m breathing so hard I’m barley able to get the words out. 
He looks up at me with those tantalizing eyes, gives me a sexy half-smile, and shakes his head. With ease he lifts me up onto the piano.
I'm trying hard to think straight. “What if someone comes in?” I ask, not sure if I really care.
“No one's coming back.” He slides my dress up to my panty-less waist, letting my bottom touch the cold piano under me. “No one can hear you in here.” He starts to kiss the inside of my thigh, working his way up further and further. “Scream all you want.” He gives a quick tip of the tongue to lick my clit, making me gasp a little louder. “You know I'm going to make you scream.” He moves his sexy, mischievous smile down to my wet pussy.
I can feel my body pulsating around his tongue. I’ve wanted this since his towel dropped at our feet back at the hotel room. 
Ryder lets his tongue do the sweet talking. Working hard to make me scream. I'm trying hard to hold back, to be quiet, but the way he works his tongue is as perfect as a bird in flight.
“Don't hold back,” he whispers against my wetness. “Or I'll stop.”
My leg bumps a few keys as I sit up straight to look at him, “Don't you dare stop.”
He puts his magic tongue back to work, while pushing me back down onto the piano with his hand.
His warm tongue slips smoothly in and out of me, bringing me closer and closer to climax. I realize, “Ryder, I don't want to cum this way.” He looks up at me, slightly confused. “I want you inside of me. I need you inside of me.” I breathe hard with need, wanting him to fuck me. 
His sexy smile matches a torturous grin. He pushes me up a little further onto the piano.
Sitting up on my elbow, I watch him unbutton his pants, but he doesn't take them off. I shake my head at him. “Uh uh. Off with the pants, Seff,” I demand.
Willingly he does as I demand. He joins me on top of the piano. Hovering over me, he stares deep into my eyes. I pull his luscious lips to mine, indulging in a real kiss, making me crave him more. 
I begin to unbutton his shirt, with his lips locked against mine. I want to feel his hard body against my exposed breasts. I want those nipple rings rubbing against my soft skin. With his eyes and lips locked on mine, he can't see how my fingers are trembling, wanting this shirt off faster than I can move. After the last button, I pull him down hard onto me, slamming his penis inside of my soaking wet pussy. “Oh, yes... I need you, Ryder,” I moan my words as my eyes roll into my head from how good the insertion of his large cock filling every part inside me feels. 
“I need you,” he responds, pushing himself deeper into me. 
“Harder,” I demand. I need him to fuck me hard. Molding my wet pussy around his cock. 
He pushes into me harder and faster. With every thrust from his even harder cock, our bodies start slowly to work their way across the piano. “I still want to hear you scream.” He's staring into my eyes, watching me building to a peak of pure pleasure.
“Then don't stop,” I say breathless, feeling my body tighten around his with each word. 
My head is hanging over the edge of the piano. Ryder holds onto the end of the piano with his hands, keeping us from sliding any further. 
I can feel my blood rushing to all the right places. The world feels like it’s spinning. No, it's just me. My whole body feels like it’s wrapped around him like a bow and spinning like a carnival ride. “Oh... yes... yes, Ryder. Mmm,” I moan my words loud as I cum around his cock. 
“That's what I like to hear,” he whispers against my neck. He pushes himself deep inside of me, finding his own release, letting out a pleasure-filled noise with his mouth closed around mine.
He pushes us back a little so my head is back on the piano. “You are so beautiful.”
Smiling, I say, “And you are a troublemaker. What if someone would have walked in on us?” I'm grinning from ear to ear. At this point I couldn’t have cared less if someone walked in.
Helping me off the piano, he puts my dress straps back up on my shoulders. “I guess they would have got to see a different side of the owner,” he laughs. 
He puts his pants and shoes back on looking like he's glowing with pleasure.
Reaching under our table, I grab my high heels and put them back on. I can feel him come up behind me as I'm fastening one of the straps to my heel.
He puts his hands on my shoulders, massaging them. “Still feel up for a night of dancing?” he asks, giving me a little kiss on the back of the neck. 
Standing, I turn to face him. His shirt is still unbuttoned, making him any woman's desire. I start to button his shirt for him. He watches my trembling fingers, moving one button at a time up his shirt. After the top button, he takes both my hands between his, kissing each of my trembling fingers.
“Maybe we can save dancing for another night. You wore me out,” I reply.
My comment makes his smile glow bright and happy. “You wore me out too.” He pulls me in close for a hug. “Let me go get a couple to-go boxes, then we can head back to the hotel.” He sets me back down in my chair before leaving to get the to-go boxes.
Ryder's choice in wine was really good. We managed to drink the whole bottle.
Upon return, he has with him a bag and a couple to-go boxes. “I got some dessert for later if you want, and I grabbed another bottle of wine,” he says, giving me a little wink. 
“What kind of dessert did you get for us?” I ask with dirty thoughts running through my mind. 
“Strawberry shortcake. You're not allergic to anything, are you?” he asks, hoping I'm not one of the many people who are allergic to strawberries.
“No. Not that I know of,” I reply, smiling and thinking of what we could do with the strawberries and the whip cream off the shortcake. 

I purposely didn't pack a nightshirt, so I borrow one of Ryder's to sleep in. “What time do you need to be to work in the morning?”
“We're getting there at six.” Ryder is hurried to say, “But you don't need to be there that early. You can sleep in and get there whenever you want.”
“Will I be able to start painting right away tomorrow?” I ask, folding back the sheets on my side of the bed. 
“Yep. Whenever. The entire lower level is ready for painting. The middle level is almost ready to be painted. Then we'll just have the upstairs left to paint,” he says, climbing into bed, next to me. 
“I'll get up with you. Sounds like there's plenty of painting for me to do.”
“You really don't need to get up that early. You're not one of my employees. I won't fire you for coming in late,” he jokes.
“The more I can help, the sooner you can get done and sleep in your own bed.” I cuddle up next to him, laying my head on his chest. “Or sleep in my bed.” I smile against his soft chest, playing with his nipple ring. 
“I'll sleep anywhere if I can sleep like this.” He wraps his arms around me, cuddling me tight to him.
I feel his grip around me loosen slightly and his breathing starts to sound heavy. He's asleep already. I guess I really did wear him out.
Just before I start to doze off myself, I realize I was over thinking Ryder was going to propose tonight. I can definitely see myself marring this man someday. But for now, I just want to continue getting to know each other. I learned a lot about Ryder tonight. He owns a restaurant-slash-club, he knows how to play the piano, the guitar, and the drums, and he is an amazing painter. I'm sure there is a lot more to learn about my Adonis. And I know he has a lot more to learn about me. How soon should I tell him about my second life? I wonder what his reaction will be. I guess there's only one way to find out.
Chapter 17

Waking up, I find myself lying on top of Ryder. I look at the clock to see it’s five in the morning. The heat of his body is my blanket, with his arms wrapped around my waist. I should get up and shower; maybe get us some breakfast before work. Smoothly slipping off Ryder, I quietly close the bedroom door behind me and quietly close the bathroom door to take a shower. I'm sure his alarm will be going off in the next half hour to forty-five minutes, but I don't want to wake him any sooner if I can help it. Taking a quick shower, I dry off before putting on a pair of shorts and a T-shirt. I don't care if I get paint on these. It just gives me a reason to buy more clothes. I pull my hair back into a tight French braid to keep it out of my way today. I skip putting any makeup on. I don't see any point in it today.
Slipping out of the bathroom, I check the clock on the wall, its 5:20. I'm proud of myself. It only took me 20 minutes to shower, dress, braid my hair, and brush my teeth. I'm sure this hotel has to have a continental buffet. I'll run down and grab us some breakfast.
They have a decent selection of food. Making a plate for each of us, I put some French toast, with a side of bacon on both plates. Putting the plates on a tray so it's easier to carry, I grab a glass of orange juice and a glass of milk for each of us. Carrying our tray of food back up to our room, I realize as I stand in front of the door to our room that I didn't bring a room key.
“Shit.” Hopefully Ryder is awake. I knock on the door but hear no movement inside. I knock a few more times, and hear nothing.
“Ryder lock you out?” It's Wolf. He's in ripped jeans, no shirt, and just a pair of socks. 
He really does have a nice body. I’m sure I’m blushing a little. I look at the door to avoid eye contact. “More like I forgot to grab the key card from the desk.”
He looks down at the tray of food I'm holding. “How sweet you went and got him breakfast.” There's a hint of sarcasm in his voice, or maybe a little jealousy. “He should be up by now.” Wolf takes his fist and bangs hard enough on the door to make the door next to ours vibrate.
Ryder opens the door with a towel around his waist, as if he’s just coming from the shower.
“Sorry, I forgot to take the key card,” I say, feeling a little embarrassed. 
“Your loving girlfriend brought you breakfast, and you leave her standing out her like she's your waitress. How dare you.” Wolf is smiling and joking around with Ryder. 
The door next to Ryder's opens and out steps one of his employees, wearing just a pair of jeans, hair messed up like he just rolled out of bed. “Hell of a wakeup call, guys.” He sounds gruff and like he didn't get much sleep.
“Good morning, sleeping beauty,” says the sarcastic Wolf. 
“It is way too early for your perkiness, Wolf.” The guy turns back into his room, slamming the door shut behind him.
“Ha! Me, perky? Never.” Wolf unlocks the door directly across from Ryder's and closes the door behind him, leaving me still standing in the hall holding the breakfast tray.
“Sorry, babe. Let me help you with that.” He takes the tray of food and gives me a quick kiss. “Thanks for grabbing breakfast. I was wondering where you went.”
Following Ryder to a small table for two, he sets down the tray and unloads our food. “I hope you like French toast,” I say, not sure what foods he may not like.
“I haven't found a breakfast food I don't like. I haven't been giving myself much time for breakfast this week. I usually grab a couple donuts on the way out. This is a nice change,” he says with a big smile. 

At six on the dot we arrive at the jobsite. Wolf rode with us there. I'm glad it wasn't too far away, because Wolf is really talkative. 
Ryder leads me down stairs to show me where to start painting, and what colors go to which room.
“We let our customers pick what colors they want in their rooms. If they want any kind of special painting done, like sponge painting, we'll do that for them as well. I like giving my clients choices. It doesn't seem right for them to move in and then need to paint a room because everything in the house is painted white,” Ryder explains to me. 
If he hadn't told me, I was going to ask. I was curious about that. A lot of builders do whatever is going to be easiest for them. I'm sure that's one of the reasons Ryder's company is in high demand, he's very accommodating.
Ryder leaves me to the painting while he goes to work elsewhere in the house.
By a quarter to noon, I had finished painting the whole downstairs. The main floor looks to be finished and ready for painting, so I set off to find Ryder, and to figure out what colors go to what rooms on the main floor. 
I find him lying halfway under one of the bathroom cabinets working on the plumbing. Straddling him between my legs, I sit down on him. He jerks a little, not hearing me enter the room. 
“Hey, sexy. How's it coming?” I lean under the cabinet, lick my lips, and give him a kiss.
“It's getting there,” he says, still working at the plumbing. 
I so badly want to run my hand along his groin and say, “Not yet, but I could get you there.” But I don't want to distract him any more than this position already is, so instead I tell him, “I'm finished painting the down stairs. You want to come show me what colors to put in what rooms for the main floor?”
“You're done with the down stairs already?” he asks, sounding surprised. 
“Ryder, it's almost noon. It took me over five hours to get all that painted.” He must not be watching the clock.
“Wow. Where has the day gone? It's almost noon?”
Giving him a short nod I ask, “Are you hungry? Do you want me to go get you guys some lunch before I start the main level?” If I don't go get lunch, I know none of the other guys will, and I’m hungry. 
“Tom's wife Sara said she would bring everyone lunch today around 12:30. Then she's going to help you paint,” he replies, continuing to work on the plumbing.
“Oh, okay.” I thought I was doing just fine painting on my own. I got a lot done. “Which one's Tom?” The age of Ryder's crew ranges greatly. I'm curious if Sara is close to my age, or going to be more like a mother hen.
He must have read the dislike expression on my face. “Tom is the guy next door to my room. The one that came out of his room this morning sarcastically thanking us for the wakeup call,” Ryder explains. “Sara occasionally helps at some of the away jobs so she can spend some time with Tom.”
That makes sense. “I can relate. Of course I bet it's harder on a married couple.” Tom looks like he's maybe in his early thirties, so I don't think I have to worry about a mother hen.
“I don't know, I think it's hard on a newly dating couple, too.” He smiles and pumps his hips a little under me.
I give him a small smile. Oh, how I would love to shut this bathroom door and fuck him right here on this floor, but I'm going to be a good girl, and not distract him. 
Unfortunately, Ryder has the same desire as me. He kicks the bathroom door shut with his foot and slides out the rest of the way from under the cabinet. I can see the look of desire run across his face as he puts his hand behind my head and pulls me down to his waiting lips for a kiss.
He runs his hand from my hip up my ribcage, stopping just below my breast. I'm so close to letting go and giving in to our desire, but I manage to find the will to resist and pull back.
Sitting up still straddling him, I look into his desirable eyes full of want. “I thought we checked this fantasy off your list already.” I can't help but smile as I say this.
He runs his hand up the back of my shirt, and in one swift move unhooks my bra. “Different place, different position.” He sits up, wrapping his arms around me, pushing his heat through my body. He’s making it really difficult to stay focused.
“If I tell you no now, it could be even more fun tonight,” I say in a sexy voice as I lick my lips. 
He bites gently at my boob through my shirt. “Is that what you really want?”
“No, what I want is to rip your pants off, put your hard fucking cock in my mouth, and tease you with my tongue till you cum.” Rubbing my hand over his hard erection, I force myself to get off of him. “But I think I'll torture you a little. Leave you waiting till we get back to the hotel room tonight,” I say, looking at his sexy body. 
He gets to his feet. In a quick, swift blur, he picks me up and sets me on the large countertop, positioning himself between my legs. “You come in here and sit down on me, tease me, talk dirty to me, and you're not going to do anything about it?” His voice is a little shaky in a hushed tone. He pulls my shirt and bra up, exposing my hard nipples. He takes one into his mouth, teasing it with his tongue. His hand takes the place of his mouth, gently pinching my nipple as he kisses up my neck, across my jawline, stopping at my lips. With his other hand above my butt, he pulls me forward, forcing me to open my legs more to him, feeling his erection, hard between my legs. He stares deep into my eyes, lips barely touching. “I could just take it from you.”
His comment has me holding my breath. I wasn't expecting him to say something like that. 
He finishes bringing his lips to mine, pulling me into his mouth. With his tongue invading my mouth, I can't find air. His hand moves from my breast to the front of my shorts. As if he has the buttons and zipper memorized, they are undone and his hand is in my pants before I know it. He wraps my braid around his wrist and pulls, making me tilt my head back so he can lick my neck. His index finger is moving soft but swift above my clit. Feeling lightheaded, I realize I'm still holding my breath. As I take in a large gasp of air, he lets go of my braid, removes his hand from my shorts, and looks at me, smiling a sexy, devilish smile. “Two can play that game. If you want to wait until tonight, I'm going to leave you sitting here with the thought of my hands on your body, and you pushed up tight to my waiting erection.” His voice is sexually temping, mesmerizing.
My body is tingling from his touch, shaking with the thought of him stopping, and a little nerve wracked because I thought he was going to just “take it.” “For a minute there, I thought you were going to check something else off your list,” I say, smiling big and breathing hard.
He still has that sexy, devilish smile on his beautiful face. “I wouldn't do that anywhere near public. I wouldn't want anyone to think I was truly trying to hurt you.” His smile grows a little larger. “Besides, you weren't struggling enough for me to check that off my list.” His devilish smile matches the devilish words coming from his mouth. 
With that said, he opens the door, closing it behind him, leaving me sitting there breath taken and feeling the same need he must be feeling.
After re-hooking my bra, buttoning my shorts up, and gathering myself, I open the door to see Ryder leaning against the wall across from the bathroom. One is foot on the wall and his thumbs are resting in the loops of his jeans, still smiling, and looking hot as hell.
Slapping him playfully on the arm, I call him a, “Fucker.”
Smiling, he says, “Not yet, but I will.”
It takes me a minute to get that pun. Sometimes I can be a little blondee. “You going to show me what colors to paint the rooms? Or would you like to torture me some more?”
“Hah. Who's torturing who? You started it.” He pushes himself off the wall and leads me to the paints for the main level.
Playfully, I smack his ass. “You know this is only going to get harder the longer the day goes,” I say, watching his sexy ass lead the way. 
“Yes, it will. In more than one way,” he says over his shoulder. “So do you know how to do crackle painting?” he asks, getting back into boss mode. 
“As a mater-of-fact, yes, I do. I helped my mom do it to her living room.”
“That's where this is going. Two walls in the living room are going to be a crackle paint, and the other two will be a matching solid color.” He points to which walls get the crackle paint, and what two are being painted the solid color. 
“Easy enough,” I say, picking up a paint roller. The sooner we get done, the sooner we can play. 
Tom's wife, Sara, comes with homemade quesadillas and fajitas for lunch, and brownies for dessert. Her home cooking is amazing. I'm willing to bet Sara is a great cook in the kitchen no matter the dish. She seems like the stay-at-home-wife type. She has short blonde hair cut into that old fashioned bob look. Pale skin with blue eyes. No need for blush, she has that natural rosy cheek color. No makeup other than a little mascara. She's so light-complected I think if she didn't have on the mascara she would probably look anemic. Ryder makes sure everyone eats outside or in the kitchen to avoid getting food on the carpet. 
After lunch, Ryder formally introduces me to Sara and shows her what I’ve been working on. He heads back to work, leaving us girls to work on painting.
“So, how long have you and Ryder been dating?” asks Sara, making conversation.
“Only a week. But we went to high school together,” I say, letting her know we've know each other a lot longer than one week. 
“It's nice to finally meet one of Ryder's girlfriends. Tom and I have known Ryder since he started his business five years ago. Tom says he's never met one of Ryder's girlfriends, let alone ever heard him even talk about one. Until Ryder started talking about you, a lot of his guys thought maybe he was gay,” Sara says to me straight-faced. 
I can't help but bust up laughing. “Ryder gay? Ha, that is the funniest thing I’ve ever heard.” The thought of us in the bathroom earlier crosses my mind. “He is far from gay. Back in high school, Ryder was a big ladies man. He changed girlfriends more than a girl changes shoes,” I say, laughing. 
“But you two never dated in high school?” asks Sara, sounding curious and surprised. 
“No. I had a steady, but I always had the hugest crush on Ryder. Until our high school reunion, I had no idea he had any interest in me.”
“Funny how things work out,” Sara says with a big smile.
“Yes, it is,” I agree. I wish I knew Ryder liked me in high school. I wonder how different things would be if we would have started dating back then. Would we still be together? Would he already know about my second life - which has been relatively boring lately. But my life with Ryder is getting more and more tantalizing every day. “So how long have you and Tom been married?”
“Seven years.”
“Wow. You two must have gotten married young.”
“I was twenty and Tom was twenty-five when we got married.”
I wouldn't have guessed her at twenty-seven. With that bob haircut, I would have guessed maybe twenty-three at most. “Do you two have any kids?” I ask, hoping I don't sound nosy. 
“Not yet. And it's not from lack of trying,” she says, sounding disappointed. 
How do you respond to an answer like that, to someone you barely know? “I guess you'll get in plenty of practice before you become pregnant,” I joke, feeling a little awkward.
Sara busts up laughing, which makes me relax a little. Maybe she's not as uptight as her persona is letting off. 
“I've never thought about it like that,” she says between laughs. “Well, you know what they say, practice makes perfect.”
I laugh with her.
The whole day seems to be going by slow. I don't think it helps Ryder and I are very ambitious to get back to the hotel. We would occasionally push each other into an empty room and torture each other, making it harder and harder every time we were alone together to stop. Sara and I got a lot of painting done, even though Ryder and I kept teasing each other. I think what pushed him over the edge is what I did to him when I pushed him in a room for the last time before he yelled, “Quitting time” and dragged me out of the house telling Wolf to, “Ride with someone else.”
“I don't know what you just did back there, but if we don't get back to the hotel soon, I may end up fucking you in this truck.”
Unbuckling my seatbelt, I slide across the seat to him, lower my head to his very obvious erection, and in an innocent voice ask, “What, this?” I push out my lower jaw just slightly to roll my tongue, like you have to do with some Spanish words. “Rrrrrrrrrrrr.” I vibrate my rolling r's off of my tongue, sending vibrations through his jeans to his erection.
“Fuck! Yes, that! Where did you learn to do that?” he asks, taking in a gasp of air.
“Spanish class,” I joke. 
His body is so sexually tense he looks like he's going to crawl out of his clothes. While teasing his neck with my tongue, I begin to unbutton his pants. His breathing thickens before letting out a relaxing breath, knowing what is to come. Lowering myself down to his waiting hard erection, I quickly take his hot, throbbing cock into my mouth. He jerks the steering wheel slightly as he says, “Oh, fuck, yes, Tori!”
I actually really like giving Ryder blow jobs. The pleasure he shows during and after turns me on hotter than a light bulb that's been on all day. His cum taste surprisingly good. And best of all he can keep going, full force even after he has cummed in my mouth.
It takes Ryder only seconds to reach his climax. Sitting up I notice Ryder has pulled into the hotel parking lot, but he is parking in the far back. There's a line of trees blocking anyone’s view inside from the right side of the truck, and a brick wall in front of us, blocking anyone's view from the front. 
He pulls my leg toward him, forcing me to lay down across the bench seat of the truck. 
Crawling on top of me, he says, “Time for me to take care of you.” He starts to kiss my stomach as he undoes the buttons to my shorts.
My eyes are closed, ready and waiting for what pleasures he will give me. 
Tap, Tap, Tap.
“Shit.” I quickly sit up. 
The truck is still running, so Ryder pushes the button to roll down his window.
The person standing outside of the truck is in a security uniform.
Ryder is tucked away, but his pants are still undone. “Yes sir?” Ryder says, trying hard to be polite and calm. 
The security guard looks at Ryder's pants, looks at me, and notices my shorts are undone. “Miss. is everything okay in here? Are you okay?” I guess from the looks of things, it could look like Ryder is maybe trying to take advantage of me. 
“Yes sir. Everything is okay,” I say, feeling my face start to flush. 
“Are you two staying at this hotel?” he asks, looking back and forth at us.
“Yes sir we are,” answers Ryder.
“I politely ask you two take this to your room then. There are a lot of families staying here. We wouldn't want any kids to see something they shouldn't.” 
“Yes sir. Sorry.” The security guard looks to be in his forties. That must be why Ryder keeps saying sir.
“I was young once,” says the security guard as he walks away from the truck.
Ryder puts the window back up and turns off the truck. He looks over at me with a blank expression on his face.
I just crack up laughing. “I feel like we're in high school and my dad just caught us.”
Ryder chimes into my laughter, making me laugh even harder. 
“Let’s get to our room so I can finish what I started,” he says, raising his eye brows at me. 
We run into the hotel and into an elevator, looking like we're late for an event. Ryder pushes me up against the side of the elevator wall and starts to kiss me while letting his hands roam over my body. 
Lost in the moment, we don't realize how quickly we've reached our floor. The elevator door dings open and there stands Tom and Sara, staring at us.
Ryder looks a little embarrassed. He says nothing, pulling me out of the elevator towards our door.
“Have fun, you two,” shouts Tom, laughing.
I'm leaning against our door watching Ryder fumble with his wallet, looking for the room key. Just to make it a little more difficult, I start kissing his neck, while letting my hand wander up his shirt.
He gets the door unlocked and he pushes me through it, letting the door slam shut behind him. The room is completely dark, except the glow of a red dot from the smoke alarm. The only sound in the room is us kissing and trying to take each other’s clothes off. We stumble over something on the way to the bed, falling to the floor.
Oh, well. We never seem to make it to a bed.
Another great night of great sex. I'll never get enough of this man.
Chapter 18

“Someone come, quick! Tori just fell off the ladder!” shouts Sara to anyone who can hear her.
Sara and I have been working on our last room when I lost my balance and the ladder tipped over with me standing at the top. I'm sure it doesn't help my vision went blurred because the Master Overlord was trying to reach me.
I’ve hit my head pretty hard, but it doesn't knock me out. Because the Master Overlord wants to tell me my next job, and my eyes are now blacker than night, I pretend to be knocked out cold. Easier said than done. When the Master Overlord is talking to me telepathically, my vision goes and so does my hearing so that one hundred percent of my focus is on him; but I can't stop my eyes from twitching when they're closed. Hopefully no one notices.

“Neferatari, for this kill you will be traveling to London.” 
As usual, he telepathically gives me the address and a picture of the vampire I will be assassinating. It's a good thing I have a good memory. 
“A vampire who goes by Sir Duke has been hypnotizing people and keeping them as slaves for him and his creations. Blood on hand at all times. He lives in large castle there in London, surrounded by guards day and night. I can guarantee you right now Sir Duke will not be the only one dying when you arrive. This will be a challenge. Be sure to take anything and everything with you for the kill.”

My hearing is muffled, but it's coming back. “Tori, can you hear me?” It's Ryder. “Someone call an ambulance. She must have hit her head pretty hard.”
My eyes shoot open. “I don't need an ambulance.”
Ryder and Sara are staring at me wide eyes and looking a little frightened.
“What's wrong with her eyes?” Sara says in a quiet voice, almost a whisper.
Shit! My eyes aren't back to normal yet. I close them tight, hoping they will be back to my normal color when I reopen them. 
“Tori, I think you need to go to the hospital. Your eyes are more a dark forest green, instead of emerald green.” Ryder's clearly very worried. 
At least my eyes have some green in them. That's easier to explain than jet black. I rub my head with both hands, giving myself a little more time to keep my eyes closed. “I'm fine. I'm not going to the hospital. Some Advil would be nice, though.”
“I've got some in my purse,” says Sara, scrambling to her feet.
I rub my temples a little before opening my eyes again.
Ryder looks as shocked and frightened as he did the first time I opened my eyes. “They're back to the normal color now.”
“I told you I'm fine.” Add confused to that look on his face. “Help me up.” He slowly helps me to my feet. I lost all the dizziness from the fall while I was pretending to be knocked out. “See? No worries. I'm fine,” I ensure him.
Ryder makes a face, causing a crease on his forehead. “I don't know.”
“How about I just sit by you for a little bit? You can see I'm fine, and then I'll get back to painting,” I say, crossing my arms.
“Oh, no, you're done painting,” Ryder says sternly. 
“Ryder, we're almost finished. I don't want to leave Sara by herself to finish the walls you have to be on a ladder to reach,” I say, moving my hands to my hips. 
“Sara has painted houses for me many times. Most of the time she has to be on a ladder. She'll be just fine,” Ryder says, mirroring me, putting his hands on his hips. 
I really do have a headache from hitting my head, so I have no ambition to argue, or be stubborn. 
Sara comes back in the room with three Advil and a bottle of water. “Here you go, Tori.” She stares as I take the pills. “You know I hit my head hard once. The doctors told me I wasn't supposed to go to sleep, that I may not wake back up.”
I’ve heard something about that before. “I'm not worried. I don't think I hit it hard enough that I have a concussion.” Think being the key word there.
“I'll wake her up throughout the night,” Ryder declares. 
“I really think you two are overreacting,” I point out. 
“If you're not going to let me take you to the hospital, then I’m insisting on waking you up throughout the night. I'd rather be safe than sorry,” he says, putting a loving hand on my face, looking into my eyes. 
The rest of the day I follow Ryder around, watching him make finishing touches to the house, and checking everyone's work. With everyone staying late, it looks like this house will be finished and livable by midnight.
I ponder how to get away from Ryder tonight to head to London, and come to the conclusion I'm going to have to wait until tomorrow, or he's going to ask too many questions. Plus, I really don't want to lie to him anymore than I have to. I did find time to escape from him long enough to call Dallas. I think this is going to be a hard assassination, and the Master Overlord did say to take any and everything with me. Dallas is, of course, ecstatic to help me. 
A little under a year ago, I bought Dallas his own club as a Christmas present. I have a lot of expendable cash and I know he's always wanted to work for himself, and he loves being a drag queen. So it is, of course, a club for drag shows. After he got over the fact I bought him almost a half a million dollar Christmas gift, he decided to call his club Closet Queens Exhibition. The point is, since Dallas owns the club, he can take off whenever he wants. 
After getting off the phone with Dallas, I call and book the two of us a flight to London. We'll be heading for London by 3:30 tomorrow afternoon.
“Are you planning on heading home tonight, after everything is finished?” I ask Ryder. 
“I thought about it, but I don't think you should drive.” I start to argue that comment, but he adds, “Plus, I need to meet with the homeowner tomorrow to show them around the finished house. It seems like such a waste of gas to drive back tonight, just to drive back here again tomorrow.” 
I nod. When he leaves to meet with the homeowners, I'll head home and get everything packed for London. “What time are you going to meet them?”
“They said they would be ready to stop by at about noon.”
Perfect. That gives me plenty of time to get home, pack everything, and be to the airport with a little time to spare. 
“What are you thinking so hard about?” he asks, watching the thoughts run across my face.
“Nothing much, really. I have a headache,” I say, rubbing my head.
“I just need to do one more walk-through. Then we can go.”
Everyone else has already left. Ryder is being a perfectionist and a very good business owner, making sure everything is done right.

Ryder has insisted on waking me up throughout the night, which is annoying. Thoughtful, but annoying. Because of that, we haven’t gotten much sleep, so we don’t find ourselves crawling out of bed until eleven. That still gives us enough time to pack up our things, have brunch, and check out of the hotel. 
“What will you do when you get back home?” Ryder asks me, leaning against his truck.
“Return some phone calls I’ve missed. One was from a director, but since I was helping you, I wasn't in any hurry to call him back.” That's a complete lie, but I'm going to use that as my excuse for why I'm going to London when I call to tell him later.
“I've got some errands to run when I get back in town. Maybe I could stop by after I go home and unpack. I told the guys to take today and tomorrow off.”
Trying to hide on my face that I know that's not going to be possible, I tell him, “I would like that.”
As if he knows I'm leaving to do something dangerous, he kisses me with a long goodbye kiss. If this was our last kiss, it will always be memorable.
Calling my mom on my drive home, I tell her Dallas and I will be going to London.
“So, a vampire named Sir Duke?” my mom asks.
“That's the name. Can't help but laugh a little, can you?”
My mom laughs. “No, I really can't.” My mom's tone goes from, I can't hide my laughter to stone sober serious. “There's something about that name that really bothers me, but I can't quite put my finger on it.”
“Is it someone you've meet before maybe?”
“I don't know.” My mom pauses, trying to recall how she knows the name. “If I think of it, I'll call you. How's Ryder feel about you going to London?”
“I haven't told him yet.” 
There's a long pause over the phone before my mom says, “I thought things were going good between you two.”
“Oh they are. Very good, in fact. I'm planning on telling him before I get on the plane.”
“What are you telling him your reason is to go to London?”
“I have an audition there to play a part in a movie.”
Here comes the motherly advice. “I really think you should have told him sooner. He's going to be disappointed he didn't get to say goodbye. How will he feel about the fact Dallas is going with you?”
She's talking like she already knows him. “We said goodbye this morning. I helped paint the rooms in a house he was building and then I just stayed the night with him.” Let my mom think what she will. I really don't care if she knows Ryder and I are already sleeping together. I'm far from a good girl. I dated a woman for almost a year, for heaven sakes. “As for Dallas, I'm not planning on telling him Dallas is going.” My mom has no idea Dallas is gay, so she's always had a hope that the two of us would get together.
“Okay, honey. But you know, if you think he's the one, you should be very careful how many lies you tell him. They will catch up with you at some point.”
“I don't like lying to Ryder, Mom. It was easy to lie to Fayleigh, but with Ryder, I have so much guilt it gives me heartburn,” I say, rubbing my chest.
“It will get easier. If he's the one, hopefully you won't have to lie to him for very long.” 
I really wish I could see my mom's expression, because it's really sounding to me like she is hoping Ryder and I will get married sometime soon. We haven't been dating even two weeks, but yet marriage keeps crossing my mind.

Bernard is driving Dallas and me to the airport. No way am I leaving any of my cars there.
Before getting on the plane, I make sure to call Ryder. 
The sadness I can hear in his voice is heartbreaking. “Oh. Okay. I wish I could see you before you go. How long will you be there?”
“I'm not sure, maybe a couple of days,” I say, feeling my heartburn getting worse.
“Oh. Okay. Well, good luck. I'm going to miss you,” he says with sadness. 
“I'm already missing you.” Hopefully the smile in my voice will cheer him up a little. 
Dallas rolls his eyes at me.
“I'm already missing you, too. Call me when you land. How long is the flight?” He takes no breaths between each comment.
“It's about a 14 or 15 hour flight, depending on layovers and what not.”
“I guess I'll say goodnight to you now then. You can call me no matter the time you get off the plane.”
“I will. Hey, how did your walk-through go with the new home owners?” I ask.
“Very well. They are extremely pleased and moving in as we speak.” He sounds very proud of himself. And he should be, it was a big mansion and everything turned out beautiful. 
“Congratulations.” I hear an announcement that our flight is now boarding, “I’ve got to go. They're letting people start to board the plane.”
“Okay, I'll talk to you when you land.”
“Talk to you then.”
We hang up. Dallas and I board the plane for London. I, of course, spent the extra money to fly first class. Always well worth the extra money. Great food, alcohol is included, lots of legroom, and comfy enough to fall asleep without invading someone’s space. Yes, definitely well worth it.
“So what's the plan?” Dallas asks me an hour into the flight.
“I don't really have a plan. We're going to the address the Master Overlord told me. I'll see how many guards are outside, and then I guess just go from there.”
“Okay.” Dallas shrugs, not asking any more questions.
“Combat Dallas” lets me do all the thinking and worrying. He does everything I tell him to, and no one better get in his way. 
I'm really glad Dallas didn't listen to me when I told him he should come out about being gay. It took me a long time to figure it out, but if Dallas didn't have these three different identities, he wouldn't be being himself. He truly enjoys getting to change his personality to suit the situation.
After the layover, we arrive in London a little after six Wednesday night. I have the cab take us to the closest hotel to the address the Master Overlord gave me. The hotel we will be staying at is 15 minutes away from my assassination destination. 
Dallas and I check into a suite with a kitchen, living room, two bedrooms, and one bathroom. Honestly, it wouldn't bother me in the slightest to share a bed with Dallas, and I know he feels the same way, but when you have expendable money, why share a bed with your gay best friend?
“I'm going to order room service. I think we should eat before we leave,” Dallas says to me. “What do you want to eat?”
“See if they have any fruit. If they do, I'll have a big bowl.”
“I don't know why they wouldn't have fruit. I'm going to get a cheese burger and fries myself. You can share my fries with me if you would like.”
I shrug. “We'll see if I'm full after the fruit. I'm going to call Ryder. He wanted me to call him as soon as the plane landed, but I wanted to wait until we got to the hotel.”
Dallas looks up the number for room service from the binder lying on the coffee table. I make my way into my room, speed dialing Ryder.
“Morning, babe. I was starting to wonder if you forgot to call me.”
“I thought about you the entire flight; of course I didn't forget to call you. I just really wanted to get checked into my hotel room before I called.” 
“What time is it there?”
“It's an eight hour time difference from Nevada to here. So, it's actually evening here.”
“I bet that will mess with your sleep schedule.”
“Tori, they don't have any fruit. You want me to just order you a cheeseburger and fries too?” Dallas asks, leaning around the corner into the bedroom. 
I slap my hand over the bottom of my phone, so Ryder can't hear anything more. I hear Ryder asking, “Who was that?”
“Dammit, Dallas, I didn't want Ryder to know you’re with me,” I say through gritted teeth.
“Sorry, I didn't know you were already on the phone with him. What does it matter anyway?” he asks with a shrug. 
“If I told him you were coming, he would have thought it’s okay for him to come.”
I can hear Ryder on the other end. “Tori, hello? Are you there?”
“Shit. Shit.” What do I say?
“Tori, hello?”
“Hey, sorry, I must have lost signal.”
“Who was that in the background?”
Just going to be honest and see how it goes. “Dallas came to London with me. He's auditioning for a role in the same movie.” Well, at least half honest anyway.
The phone is silent on the other end. It's so quiet I finally say, “Ryder are you there?”
“Yeah, I'm here,” he sounds very curt. “Tori, why do I get the feeling you’re not being honest with me?”
Shit. “It really is Dallas, do you want to talk to him? I swear there's no other man in my hotel room.”
“No, I believe it is Dallas. What I don't believe is that he's there to audition for a part. Dallas is not the actor type.” There's a pause on the other end. “So what's the deal? Why is he really there, Tori? Why didn't you ask me to come? Did you just want to be alone with your other boyfriend?”
“What!” That caught me completely off guard. How could he possibly think Dallas would be my boyfriend? Ryder doesn't know Dallas is gay, but he does know Dallas is my friend and nothing more. “You must be joking.”
Ryder says nothing.
I continue, “I can't look at Dallas in any way other than just my best friend. We've never hooked up, we never plan on hooking up, and that's the way it will always be. How could you possibly think...? I don't understand?” I'm seriously really confused.
“Humph. I don't like liars, Tori. I told you I don't share well. So just tell me the truth, have you been sleeping with both me and Dallas?”
I'm starting to get mad now. I can't believe he would think I would cheat on him. “Ryder, I'm telling you the truth. Dallas and I have never, and I mean never, slept together.” I'm way past curt, there's only anger in my voice now. “You are the only man I have EVER had sex with. I plan to keep it that way. I can't believe you would think so low of me, that I could even possibly consider cheating on you.” I'm hurt and angry, but right now the anger is covering up how much it hurts me that Ryder would think I'm cheating on him. 
“Tori, I’ve been cheated on before. I will never let it happen to me again. I don't share well, and I'm not going to start now.” I hear him take the phone away from his ear and end our call.
“He hung up on me. I can't believe he just hung up on me.” 
Dallas is in the other room flipping through TV channels, so he can't hear me.
Where does that leave Ryder and me? Did he just break up with me? I speed dial Ryder again. The phone rings half a ring before his voicemail answers the phone. “He just sent me to voicemail. What is his problem?” I have no idea if I have a boyfriend anymore. The man I’ve been thinking is the one may have just broke up with me because some slut cheated on him and now he's having a hard time trusting me.
I speed dial his number yet again. This time it sends me straight to voicemail. “Ryder, I'm not cheating on you. I lo...” I stop myself from finishing that sentence. This is not the way I want to tell him I'm in love with him. “I have no idea if you just broke up with me, or if you’re mad and just don't want to talk anymore,” I pause a couple heartbeats. “Do I still have a boyfriend?” I hang up without saying any more, because I can feel a tear starting to form in my eye. 
I'm sitting on the edge of the bed, staring at my phone, hoping he will call me back.
“Tori, room service is here,” shouts Dallas from the living room.
I push the tear back like dry eyes absorbing eye drops.
“I ordered you a cheeseburger and fries,” Dallas says as I sit down at the table. “What's wrong? Is he mad I'm here?”
“Beyond mad. He thinks you and I are sleeping together.”
Dallas slaps his hand on the table busting up laughing. “You've got to be kidding. He's worried you're cheating on him with me? I'm the last person he has to worry about.” Dallas laughs a little harder, picking up his cheese burger.
“I know that, you know that, but some slut cheated on him, and now he's worried I may be doing the same,” I poke my cheeseburger with one of my fries. “He hung up on me. I have no idea if he just broke up with me, or if he just doesn't want to talk anymore right now.”
Dallas touches my hand, stopping me from poking at my food. “Don't worry about it right now, Tori. You need to get your head in the game. Now stop poking at your food and eat.” Combat Dallas is in the game and ready to fight. 
“Easier said than done.” 
Dallas stops eating and just stares at me. “This is really bothering you, isn’t it?”
“Well, of course it's bothering me. I keep thinking he's the one. Marriage has been popping in my head, even though we haven't been together long enough for that.” I look up into Dallas's eyes. I can feel that same tear starting to form again. “I almost told him I love him.”
Dallas drops his burger. “Holy shit. You've fallen for him - hard.”
My phone starts ringing the ringtone I set for Ryder.
Dallas grabs my phone before it can ring any further. He answers the call and puts it on speaker, “Ryder, it's Dallas.” He's talking in a normal voice, not gay or deep-voiced, just a plain, normal voice (his Combat Dallas tone.) “How dare you make my girl cry!”
Oh jeez, Dallas, I'm not crying, but I'm sure this is the closest he has ever seen me to it. I'm not a crier.
Dallas continues, “I'm telling you right now, Tori and I are not sleeping together. I'm gay, Ryder!” he shouts into the phone. 
Oh, my God! If I had water in my mouth, I would have spit it all over this table. 
Dallas says, “I mean I'm really gay. Fruitier then Fruit Loops gay.”
There's nothing on the other end of the phone. No sound at all.
Dallas asks, “Did I hit the wrong button? I might have hung up on him instead of putting it on speakerphone.” 
Finally Ryder speaks up, “I never meant to make her cry.” Realizing he's on speaker, he continues, “I never meant to make you cry, Tori. I was calling to say I'm sorry. I don't think that low of you. It's just the last girl who cheated on me was cheating on me since the first day we got together. I got worried, and jealous, and didn't understand why you didn't invite me.”
Thinking out loud, I ask, “How can someone so gorgeous be so insecure?” 
“I'm truly sorry. I know if you two wanted to be together you would have gotten together long ago. I thought maybe you weren't attracted to him, but maybe he didn't feel the same way. I've wondered how he could stand to be so close to you and be able to fight the desire I know I feel to touch you, and hold you close, keep you safe in my arms like a porcelain doll.”
I’ve never been compared to a porcelain doll before. I'm far from breakable.
“Now, I guess I know why he doesn't have the same strong urge I do. I'm so, so sorry. I feel horrible I made you cry. Can you ever forgive me?”
I'm not going to argue the fact he didn't make me cry, because the fact of the matter is, he hurt me. For him to think I would cheat on him, that really hurt.
I take the phone off of speaker and walk toward my room for a little privacy. “Yes, I can forgive you.” I can hear a sigh of relief leave his breath. “But don't you ever talk to me like that again! You made me feel like I was no better than dirt under your nails. Something you could just wash away without a thought. I would never cheat on you.”
“I really can't say I'm sorry enough. I feel horrible for making you feel that way. I promise I will never do that again. I believe you when you say you would never cheat on me. Your words hold more truth than the color of the sky.”
“You have no idea how long I’ve wanted to be with you, Ryder. Dreamt about you. Now that I have you, I have no intentions of fucking that up.” 
“I could feel how much you wanted me in the limo ride home from the class reunion. Your desire was so thick for me in there, I could taste it, and yet you said no when I asked you to stay; because of your girlfriend. You said you wouldn't cheat on her.”
“Is that what made you come to your senses? Remembering I turned you down because I said I wouldn't cheat on my girlfriend?”
“Terrible to say, but yes.” There's a short pause. “After I hung up on you, I started thinking about seeing you at the class reunion, and how badly I wanted you. Then I thought about the pool, and our first time together. I don't ever want to lose that feeling. The feeling you give me when you're in my arms, the way you scream out my name when I make you feel the way no one else ever could, and it embraces me like a rose closed tight from the wind.” 
“You always have a way with words.” I feel like a big ball of mush after what he's said.
“So... um... Dallas is gay, huh?” There's no emotion to his tone, other than confusion. 
“Yes, Dallas is gay. I can't believe he told you. Very, very few people know. My parents don't even know. The fact that he told you is really big.”
Hearing the desperation in my voice, Ryder says, “I won't tell anyone. His secret is safe with me, besides it's not my secret to tell.” I trust Ryder to not tell anyone. “Why do you think he told me?”
Because he knows I'm falling in love with you. I can't say it out loud, though. So instead I say, “I think he could see how upset I was about the situation, and he felt like he was the cause of the problem.”
“Tell Dallas I promise to never tell his secret.”
“I will.” For some reason I really don't want to talk any more. Maybe I'm still a little upset he thought I was cheating on him.
“When's your audition?”
“In about an hour. I'm going to eat dinner then we’re going to head there. I don't want to get lost and be late.” For a split second, I forgot I really don't have an audition.
“Well, good luck. Let me know how it goes.”
“I will. Have a good rest of the day.”
“You too, babe.” 
I love when he calls me babe. That one word holds so much more to it when he says it. “Bye.”
“Bye.”
I sit back down at the table with Dallas. “Ryder told me to tell you he promises to keep your secret. He said it's not his secret to tell.”
Dallas is almost finished with his dinner. He takes a drink of his water before saying, “I trust Ryder wouldn't tell my secret. So is everything okay with you two now?”
“Yeah, were good. He said some things that were very sweet. I'm still a little upset about it, but it won't take me long to shrug it off.”
“Good. Glad to hear it. Now eat so we can go out and play with the vampires.” Dallas smiles mischievously and rubs his hands together. 
After dinner we arm ourselves with as many weapons we can hide on us and still comfortably move to fight. I bought another Glock for Dallas, and added a red dot sight to it. He doesn't shoot guns anywhere near as often as I do. 
The cab picks us up at our hotel, dropping us off at the bottom of a hill in front of an honest-to-God castle. Something from in the fifteenth century. The castle is out in the middle of nowhere. Surprisingly there are no gates surrounding it, and even more surprising yet, I can't see a single guard.
Even though I know the vampires are only just now rising to greet the night, I'm not dumb enough to think they don't have day guards while they're in their night chamber.
I look at Dallas, who is staring blankly up at the enormous castle. “Shall we?” He follows my lead as I slowly work my way up the hill to the castle, dodging behind some trees, trying hard not to be too noticeable.
We're lying down behind a very large redwood tree, planted just at the edge of the hill, before the yard turns level. “I still don't see a single walking soul,” I whisper to Dallas.
“You want to just go up and knock on the door?” he jokes.
“Maybe we should.”
He looks at me like I’ve lost my mind.
“Well, I mean we can't see anyone. I feel silly lying on the ground hiding when there's nothing we can obviously see to be hiding from.”
“You’re the boss. Whatever you think is best.” It’s nice Dallas doesn't try to overthrow me, but I wouldn't mind him pushing some ideas my way.
I climb to my feet and head for the front door of the castle. “I'll just tell them our car broke down at the bottom of the hill, and our phones have no signal. Be sure to stay behind me at all times, but watch your back. And remember, never look a vampire in the eyes.” I may have the power to hypnotize so the vamps can't hypnotize me, but it's not a power I can share with Dallas.
Dallas says nothing, but does a perimeter check to see if there's anyone around.
I pound loudly on the castle door with my fist. The doors are made of a thick wood. 
No one comes to the door, and I'm starting to feel a little foolish. We have all these weapons, and no one to fight. I'm sure no one heard me knock. I don't think they would hear me knock on this thick door even if I was chucking bowling balls at it with all my strength.
I try to quietly open the unlocked door, and there's a loud creak from the old door. 
Seeing no one, I take a step inside. Everything is pitch black, except for a light at the end of a very long hall way. Actually from the dark it looks more like a long tunnel made of all brick. 
From my right I start to hear a very low growl. At first I see nothing, but then notice two yellow eyes, low to the ground, slowly approaching us. I pull my Glock and point it toward the creature crawling towards us. From my left I start to hear the same growl. The same low to the ground yellow eyes are approaching us from the left as well. Dallas already has his Glock pulled and pointed at the creature.
Out of nowhere, I hear a woman's voice. “Welcome, Neferatari Lane. We've been expecting you.”
Shit. It's never good when you step into a vampire’s home, who you intend to assassinate, and they know who you are, and they are expecting you.
Chapter 19

“I see you've met our pet panthers.” I still can't see the woman. “Abooksigun, Devi, at ease.”
The growling quickly ceases and the eyes vanish.
I let out a breath I didn't realize I was holding. I peek over my shoulder to make sure Dallas is still there. He is, but he must be holding his breath too, because I can't hear a thing from him.
“Don't relax yet,” says the woman. “They're still here. Just waiting for my next command.”
I haven't put my gun down. It's still pointed in the direction I could see the yellow eyes. 
From the dark appears a dark-skinned woman, she's wearing a long slender black dress. “Are you going to introduce me to your friend?” asks the woman in black. She approaches Dallas and glides the tips of her long finger nails over Dallas's jaw. 
I can feel Dallas tense up beside me before pointing his gun into the woman's chest.
She doesn't seem worried that Dallas may shoot her. “We were only expecting you, Neferatari. Good thing we have a large playroom.”
“I have no idea what that's supposed to mean, but who are you?” My gun is still pointing toward the useen panther to my right.
“Who I am is not important. Who you are...” she glides her hand down Dallas's chest, “is important.”
“Why is his name so important?”
“I want to know whose name to call out when I make him fuck me.” The dark-skinned vampire presses her body against Dallas, ignoring that the gun is now pressed even harder into her chest. 
With no warning, not even a twitch of the eye, Dallas pulls the trigger, shooting the vampire directly in the heart. 
Blood splatters out into the darkness as she staggers backwards. Her back reaches a wall behind her with almost a thud as her body begins to slide down the brick wall. Her fingers are digging into the open bullet hole in her chest, trying to remove the bullet. 
Dallas takes a few steps forward, eyes locked on her like a lion after his prey. 
Her last glance at Dallas is him pulling the trigger one more time, shooting her in the head. 
The growling from our right and left is in the room again, glowing eyes and all. 
“Shoot them!” I shout.
We pull the trigger at the same time. It's hard to aim in the dark when all you can see are yellow glowing eyes. 
Dallas's red dot helps him shoot his panther right between the eyes. My panther lunges at me, missing my bullet. I can see the outline of the panther now. I shoot again as he's in midair, about to jump on me. My bullet penetrates into his chest. He falls, landing on top of me, knocking the breath out of me. It must weight well over a hundred pounds. The panther makes one last slow growl before going limp, leaving all his dead weight on me.
I press my hands into his fur to roll him off of me, but what was fur is now bare. A naked bare spot on the panther. I sit up, moving onto my knees to get a closer look at the panther. The fur is slowly vanishing. It looks like his skin is sucking the hair back into his body. A cold rush of air pushes through my body like a cold winter day in Alaska, sending chills running down my spine to the tip of my toes, and making my fingers tingle. There's no air movement, my hair isn't being pushed around. The cold just appeared out of nowhere. It feels like all the cold is inside me, as if the room could be a hundred degrees and all I can feel are my insides instantly growing cold. 
Dallas kneels down beside me. “Did you feel that?”
Good to know I'm not the only one who did. “Yeah, I felt it.”
“What was it? Why is that panther balding?”
“I honestly have no idea.”
We lean in a little closer, staring at the panther whose back is to us. Very slowly, the panther’s body starts to shift and move.
“Shit, it's not dead,” says Dallas jumping back, and pointing the gun at it.
That cold feeling still hasn't gone away, and I feel frozen, forced to watch this panther move, regain consciousness to finish killing us.
“Tori, get back!” he shouts, but I don't hear him.
He pulls me back, sliding me on my ass away from the moving panther.
I can't help myself, I have no idea why, but I get back on my knees and start to crawl toward the animal. Fascinated by it, feeling like I’ve never seen anything like it before. I need to look closer at this panther, the thought that it may rip my face off is pushed so far back in my mind, it might as well not be there. My insides grow colder the closer I am to the animal, but I can't seem to make myself worry.
“Tori, what are you doing? Get back from that thing.” Dallas isn't sure what he should do - pull me back again? Shoot the panther? 
“I can't help it. There's a feeling that's forcing me to get close and watch.”
I'm on my hands and knees, looking over top of the back of the panther. I can see human hands and human feet where the enormous paws used to be. “I don't believe it,” I say more to myself then Dallas.
“What? What is it?” He moves a little closer, still keeping the gun pointed.
“I think he's a shape shifter.”
We watch as the body slowly shifts back to human form.
“I don't think it’s a he. That’s a woman shape shifter,” Dallas points out, amazed. 
The dead woman is lying naked on the floor in a pool of her own blood, no longer moving. My insides no longer feel cold, they're back to normal.
“Why was it so cold? Did you know shape shifters existed?” Dallas asks, flabbergasted. He's still getting used to supernatural beings.
I guess I am too. “I'm guessing the cold was from them shifting. Like a rush of power or magic. I've heard of them, but never seen one. I kind of always thought it was a myth.”
“Myth busted.” Dallas walks to the panther he shot. He pulls his phone from his pocket, using the glow of the phone to get a better look at the beast he has killed. “Here's your he. I'm guessing they were a couple. I wonder why no one has come to check on things.”
“I have a bad feeling it's because they knew this was going to happen. We made it past trap one, let’s move forward and find out what trap two is.”
Dallas puts his phone back in his pocket and we make our way down the dark hall, toward the glowing light at the end.
You know how they say when a person is dying they see a bright light at the end of the tunnel, and go to it? Go to that light. This is unmistakably not that light.
A cold chill runs down my spine. Not the same cold I felt from the shape shifters. The chill I just felt was followed by a bead of sweat rolling down my back. A chill to a warning that what is around the corner is going to be worse than a vampire with two panthers.
The tunnel heading toward the light is made of bricks. No doors at all, just bricks and more bricks. Dallas has his gun out with his back pressed against the wall across from me. We're mirroring each other’s steps.
Reaching the end of the tunnel, there's another brick wall. The only way to go is to the left or to the right. I point to Dallas, and not saying a word, I gesture him to take the left and I'll take the right. I hold one finger up looking at him, silently counting to three, so we turn the corner at the exact same time.
The third finger goes up and we step around the corner, finding ourselves literally face to face with a vampire. 
No thought needed - we both shoot at the same time, blowing the heads off our vampires. Have I mentioned a silver bullet to the brain of a vampire is a terrible way to die? It fries their brain at the same time the bullet pushes their brains through the back of their head. 
On Dallas's side and on my side, the vampires are mirrored as well. Behind the two vampires we just shot, are two more vampires flanked on each side. 
“Welcome to my home, Vampires’ Ange De La Mort,” says the vampire furthest from me on my side. 
He must be Sir Duke. 
Sir Duke is tall, about six foot four. He must have been changed into a vampire when he was in his mid to late fifties. His hair is silver and white, trailing down to his shoulders where it slightly curls at the ends. He has a full beard around his chin and lips, going up the sides of his face to meet sideburns of the same silver color. The colors of his hair and his light gray eyes make his white skin even more ghostly. His clothing looks new, but far from in style. He's wearing black spandex pants with black boots coming up to his calf. His shirt is a chocolate brown in color with black laces crisscrossing together in the center to tie the shirt closed in the front.
My gun is pointed at the vampire closest to me. A devastatingly beautiful, tall, blondee vampire with violet colored eyes. She's dressed in a smooth satin dark purple dress, with a short train. 
“I understood only one of those words,” I say to Sir Duke, wishing I knew French.
“Neferatari, you are the vampires’ Angel of Death, the vampires’ Grim Reaper.”
“Nice to know I have a nickname,” I say with sarcasm rolling off my tongue. “How do you know of me?”
“Excluding the newly-turned vampires, everyone knows who you are. Not many know what you look like,” he pauses, staring at me without blinking. “We are the monsters of your dreams and you are the monster in ours.” The vampire looks me over as if trying to find my flaws. “You are smaller than I would have guessed. But you are a beauty.” Sir Duke glides past the blonde vampire in front of him to get closer to me. 
I move my gun to point it at Sir Duke. Barely moving the gun, the blondee vampire swishes in front of me like a gust of wind, taking my gun before returning to her last standing location. 
Sir Duke puts his hand under my chin, trying to catch my eyes. “I would love to make you mine.” He's staring in my eyes, but I feel nothing.
“You can't hypnotize someone with the power to hypnotize others,” I point out to him.
He lets his hand fall to his side, pursing his lips together looking displeased. 
“You killed my Inamorata,” says the blondee vampire to me.
“The one at the door with the two panthers?”
She nods, staring deep in my eyes.
“Your Inamorata was putting the moves on my friend,” I say, trying to jab at her heart with my words.
“We like both, and we liked to share. We have been together for over 400 years, and you took her from me. For that, you are going to have to pay.”
“I don't have any cash on me. You know, she didn't put up much of a fight,” I say a little joke before digging my words in a little deeper.
Before I can smile at my smartass comment, her hand is around my neck. She has me lifted into the air, the tips of my toes are barely touching the floor.
Dallas shoots at her, but she's unbelievably fast and dodges his bullet.
She flashes her fangs at him hissing.
From the corner of my eye I see both of the vampires on Dallas's side of the room jump on him. I hear his gun go off twice, but can't see if he's shot them; my vision is starting to blur from lack of oxygen. 
“Selene, drop her. She will pay for the life of your Inamorata, and for my pets.”
Selene does as Sir Duke demands and drops me. 
I fall to the ground with my legs at my side, trying to catch my breath. “Those panthers weren't pets,” I say after getting my breath back. “They were humans. Humans aren't pets.” I cough a little to clear my throat.
Down the left side of the room, Dallas is struggling with one of the vampires he didn't kill. I pull a knife from the sheath on my wrist and chuck it across the room.
Direct hit, right into the vampire’s eye, giving Dallas the chance he needs to shoot the vampire’s head off. 
“They chose to be my pets,” says Sir Duke, angered, yet ignoring the fact we just killed two more of his vampires. “When their alpha kicked them out of the pack, they had no one. They came to me for protection.” The anger in his voice makes me tense up.
Dallas points the red dot at Sir Duke's head. Selene sees him raise his gun before she sees the red dot reach Sir Duke’s head. Like lightning she flashes across the room, knocking the gun out of Dallas's hand just as he pulls the trigger. 
Sir Duke tilts his head to the left slightly and the bullet zips past his head. 
Selene knocks Dallas over with a gut-wrenching blow before climbing on top of him. “Look at me,” she tells him.
“Don't do it, Dallas! Don't look into her eyes,” I shout across the room, climbing to my feet.
“You are too late, Ange De La Mort, he holds my gaze. He shall be my new toy.”
I pull the knife from my other wrist sheath and throw it into her back, “Dream on, bitch.”
She screams, trying to reach for the silver blade, but she can't reach it herself.
Sir Duke calmly walks to the screaming Selene and pulls the knife out of her back. I’ve pulled a knife out of a sheath around my leg, throwing another knife into her back, laughing.
I don't get to hear her scream in pain from the second knife before I receive a blow to the back of my head so hard it should have knocked my head off my shoulders. The last thing I remember before passing out is the feeling of warm blood rolling down the back of my head, reaching the collar of my shirt and pooling there.
Chapter 20

Finally waking after being knocked out for who knows how long, I notice a sharp pain in my head, and that I'm really stiff. I open my eyes to a very dimly-lit room. Old fashioned candleholders line the brick walls, with a soft glowing candle in each one. The flame of the candles are glowing a red color, casting a soft shade of red throughout the whole room. 
In the center of the room is a bed made neat with gray satin sheets. This isn't just any bed, the frame of the bed is made of steel. There are top rails connected to the headboard and the footboard. Heavy chains are connected to all four corners of the top rails. The chains are connected to large steel cuffs. It reminds me of the old iron-made slave shackles. 
I suddenly realize I'm standing, leaning on a wall behind me, looking around this room. I only get two steps away from the wall before I'm stopped dead in my tracks with a clink behind me. I try to turn, but my mobility is limited. There are thick steel cuffs around my arms just above my elbow, and two more on my wrists. A steel chain is laced between the four cuffs, keeping my hands tied behind my back. The chain is attached to an unbreakable hook in the wall. The same steel cuffs are around both of my ankles. Those are also attached to a chain connected to a hook in the wall behind me. 
“Shit,” I say out loud. I close my eyes, lowering my aching head, dropping my chin down towards my chest, feeling defeated and very trapped. My hair falls forward, smelling of a fresh herbal shampoo. My hair was tied back tight to keep it out of the way. Someone washed my hair. Opening my eyes, I can tell they have washed more than just my hair. The clothes I came in are nowhere in sight. Now I'm wearing a black leather corset, tied so snug, my breasts are pushed up higher than any woman without implants should be. My nipples are just barely covered, ready to peek out with any wrong move. The only bottoms I have on with this corset are a pair of black crotch-less panties. I feel so out of focus, I should have noticed the clothes and the fact that I'm chained to a wall as soon as I opened my eyes. My thought process and focus is all over the place. I'm sure I have a concussion after how hard I was hit in the head.
I try to focus a little more on the room I'm in. The wall to the right of me is full of different... torture devices. Each one is hanging on the wall looking like it's up for display, except all of those display items are accessible and ready to use. There's a long leather whip hanging on the wall by a loop at the end of the handle. The handle of the whip is about six inches long, while the leather whip is closer to three feet long, maybe more. There are seven matching whips beside that one, each one a little smaller in size, all the way down to one that's no larger than the size of a hand. There are seven floggers hanging next to the whips, each one smaller than the last. There are several different paddles hanging on the wall. Wood ones, ones with holes and ones without. There are leather paddles, rubber paddles, one with faux fur, and a studded paddle. There are couple dusters hanging on the wall. Ball gags and a gag with nipple clamps attached to it. There are blindfolds out for display. I can see a studded collar with a leash from here. The studs are on the inside of the collar, not the outside. I can also see there are large variety of restraints. There looks to be a number of other toys as well, maybe some duct tape, but I can't see them all. Looking further around the room I gasp, “Dallas!” 
There's no response from him. He looks to be passed out. I can't believe I didn't notice him sooner. He's chained to the wall the same as me, but they've put a ball gag in his mouth. He's wearing only a pair of leather bikini underwear. From here I can see blood running down the side of his face from the corner of his eye, and blood running out of the corners of his mouth around the ball gag. 
More than just anger rushes me, it’s anger topped by aggression. I pull at my chains, trying to break them. I'm strong, but not strong enough. I continue pulling and struggling with the restraints as they rub back-and-forth across my skin. My skin is being rubbed raw, but I can't stop trying. 
The most bizarre feeling of laughter rushes through me, and I can't hold it in. I start giggling before I break laughing and laughing more. Each laugh more hysterical and funnier to me. My side is cramping from laughing so hard. Hot tears are rolling down the sides of my cheeks. I want to stop laughing, but I can't. I can't stop until it's cleared out of me, cleared out like a virus. 
A warmth rushes through me, calming me out of the laughter. Calming me like a hot bubble bath. I'm relaxing and finding myself at ease. I'm so relaxed, I lean forward letting the chains stop me from moving any further. I'm hanging here, swaying myself back and forth like a kid swinging side to side on a swingset. 
Though I don't know why, I can feel myself smiling. I really don't know why I'm smiling, all I know is I feel peaceful. There's an inner peace in me smiling, and swinging side to side. I hear something muffled come from Dallas's direction. Sounds kind of like my name. 
I look up, still smiling at the half-awake Dallas. His face shifts from scared to having a large wrinkle in his forehead. Assuming I must be smiling because I have a plan.
“Isn't the red candlelight beautiful?” I say, swinging myself some more to look around the room. I can feel my weight pulling at my chained arms, but it’s okay. I'm having fun. Just a swingin’. I start laughing again, “Haah, haahaa, just a swingin’, ha-ah.”
Dallas is mumbling something again, looking concerned and confused. 
Selene enters the room from a door beside Dallas. She has a wicked smile on her face. She's shed out of the satin dark purple dress into a red leather corset, with black stripes. She has black leather sleeves on each arm, being held up by red leather strings, crisscrossing like the corset. She has on a black leather skirt so short her ass cheeks are starting to show. She's also wearing a pair of black high-heeled leather boots that come up to her thigh. 
“I see you're both awake. How do you like my playroom?” She waves her hand around the room. 
I giggle, “Playroom...” I giggle some more. What is wrong with me?
“I see the Ecstasy is fully in your system now,” Selene says to me. “How about you, Dallas, are you feeling at peace with yourself? Is your body’s senses starting to intensify?”
Dallas mumbles something through the ball gag that sounds like “Fuck you.”
I can smell her perfume fill the room. It smells like... strawberries, and maybe a hint of chocolate. It's a yummy smell. “You drugged us?” I ask calmly, not being able to find myself to get mad. 
Selene walks to me like a model in a Playboy photo shoot. Gorgeous, natural long blondee hair, skinny with big boobs, and an ass you could bounce a quarter off of. If she would have been alive when Playboy first came out, she would be a wet dream for anyone reading that magazine. 
She runs her hand up the back of my neck, letting her fingers lace themselves through my hair. The feeling is sending chills down my spine and beyond. I feel myself lean my head into her massaging hand, feeling my head start to tingle. It feels like she is massaging every individual hair on my head. “Ecstasy makes you feel at peace. The world could be crashing down around you and you would still feel this calm.” She takes a quick glance at Dallas while still running her fingers around my scalp. “Dallas, on the other hand, may end up with the opposite effect. He'll still feel his body’s senses are very sensitive, the same as you, but if he's still feeling like this when the drug fully kicks in, he may be feeling aggression, hostility, or maybe even jealousy.” She leans into me, her left hand joining the other in my hair. She gently pushes me against the wall and runs her nose along the side of my neck up to my ear. I can smell strawberries and chocolate. The smell is so intense it feels like I have chocolate-covered strawberries being rubbed against my lips. I feel her breath, warm and cool at the same time, running up my neck. Half of my body wants to focus on the feeling she's causing from her hands in my hair. The other half feels the slightest touch of her nose, making me wish my hands were free to pull her closer to my neck – now I know I'm definitely drugged. I want a vampire to get closer to my neck. 
Selene whispers in my ear, “You, on the other hand, are going to be a lot of fun to play with. I can tell your senses have already gotten stronger. You can smell my perfume, can't you?” She rubs her body along mine, marking me with her sent. “Everything I'm doing to you right now is giving you a different feeling in every part of your body. Even my whisper is having an effect on you.” She tugs at my ear slightly with her teeth. 
I drop my head to the side, encouraging her to continue. 
She pulls painfully slowly away from me, and walks to Dallas. She's nowhere near me and I can still feel her body all over mine. A memory that can't be shaken. A memory, or a feeling I don't want to go away. 
“What do you think, Dallas? How's the Ecstasy going to make you feel? Do you want me to rub my hands all over your body, or do you hate me for touching Neferatari first?”
Dallas looks away from her, pressing his body hard into the wall, wishing it would swallow him up.
“Dallas is gay,” I tell Selene, not even thinking.
Dallas gives no response, not caring she knows he's gay. He doesn't want her touching him, let alone anywhere near him.
Selene walks away from Dallas and out the door she came in, not breathing another seductive word. 
Still feeling relaxed, but not as sensitive to Selene's lingering perfume in the room, I ask Dallas, “Are you okay?”
He gives me one short, quick nod.
“I'm so sorry. This is all my fault. I should have shot Sir Duke sooner. I took too long to make any move in his direction.”
Dallas shakes his head but says nothing, knowing I can't understand him anyway.
Selene re-enters the playroom, being followed by a male vampire. He's shirtless, wearing a pair of black leather pants and black boots. She looks at Dallas and says, “This is Leeum.” Leeum has soft auburn hair, swooped to the side. His hair and oddly almost pink colored eyes contrast well together. He is one of many vampires who regularly gets a spray-on tan, giving him a Caucasian color to his skin. His body is very toned, but not overly muscular. Other than the pink eyes, he's very much Dallas's type. What's even more striking about Leeum, he looks almost identical to Dallas's boyfriend, Leevi.
Dallas looks awestruck, staring at Leeum, and all the similarities he has to his boyfriend. He mutters around the ball gag, “Leevi?”
“Leeum,” Selene corrects Dallas, “was supposed to entertain Neferatari, and I you. But since you have no interest in women, I won't be any fun for you. Leeum here swings both ways, so he will be your Dom for the night.” She points a finger at Dallas. “Obey your Dom, or he will punish you.” She glides back to me with that same sexy Playboy walk.
I lose sight of Dallas, or maybe I'm just focused on this yummy blondee vampire strolling over to me. I can smell her perfume again, it pours over me the way the smell of a fresh-baked strawberry cake with chocolate frosting would. My first thought is yum, as I lick my lips. My second thought is, touch me again, the way you did before.
Selene mimics me licking her lips. “You, Neferatari, are going to be a lot of fun. I could tell as soon as I touched you, you like women.”
I want to tell her to call me Tori, but letting her call me Neferatari makes me feel like I can keep this part of my life separate from my “normal life.” 
Selene smiles a very sexy half-smile, “It’s true, isn't it? I can tell you want me, Ange De La Mort.”
I'm relaxed. I feel like I just don't care about anything. Everything is going to be just fine. “I had a girlfriend for almost a year.”
Selene tries to hide the shock that's just swept across her face. “No longer together?”
“My parents found out. It destroyed our relationship.” I have no idea why I'm telling her this stuff.
She runs the tips of her fingers down my arms, causing goose bumps all over my skin. I feel each goose bump rise one by one, individually followed by the next. It is the strangest sensation. “I will be your deep, dark secret then.” She runs her tongue across my breast, dipping down between my cleavage, and brushing the very edge of my nipple. “You're going to feel things only a vampire can make you feel.”
I feel the wetness from her tongue across my breast. It feels like her tongue is still there, wet, warm, trailed by a chill. “Don't you mean things only Ecstasy can make me feel?” I wish I wasn't so calm about this. I should be trying to kill her. I don't think it's just the Ecstasy that's making me want her. It's the bisexual side of me, throbbing to be touched by this beautiful woman.
Selene walks toward the display wall and takes off a feather tickler and what looks like a riding crop for a horse. “I'm your Dom tonight. As your Dom, I'm ordering you to call me Mistress.” 
I watch her, but say none of the many things running through my head.
She snaps my thigh with the ridding crop. “Did you hear what I said, slave?” she asks in a serious tone.
I feel the sharp sting on my thigh, but surprise myself by not flinching. “Yes,” I reply. 
She snaps me in the other thigh with the ridding crop. “Yes what?”
My body feels evened out after that second snap. “Yes, I heard what you said.”
She snaps the crop across my collarbone, making me flinch this time. That wasn't a pleasurable pain. “You must have a hearing problem then.” She hits me again with the crop on each arm. No pain from those hits, but if this continues, I'm going to feel like multiple hornets are stinging me one by one, slowly each taking a turn at me. She snaps me across the neck twice on the same side. 
I recoil back from the hits. “I don't know what you want me to say.” I hold strong, not letting my voice crack.
“I want you to say my name, slave. What's my name?” She's being very stern and aggressive.
“Mistress,” I whisper. 
She slaps me again in the thigh. “Louder,” she demands, “Who am I?”
“You’re my mistress and I am your slave,” I say, certain that's got to be what she wants to hear.
She kisses each thigh with a gentle kiss, “Very good.” She kisses my collarbone, “That's what I like to hear.” She kisses each arm with the same gentle kiss, “Tonight, I am your mistress and you are my slave.” She kisses my neck. “I don't want to beat you.” She licks my neck, “I just want you to obey me. Tonight, you are mine to do with as I see fit,” she says firmly.
I feel all of the little wet kisses she has planted over the marks from the riding crop. Each one has a warmth underneath them from each snap of the riding crop. I drop my head to the side with a shiver from the lick on my neck, and close my eyes, “Yes mistress, I am yours.” Would I be saying this if I weren't drugged? Deep inside me, I hear myself screaming, yes you would, because you like being controlled and you want this woman, vampire or not, to make you feel the way only a woman can make you feel.
I open my eyes, feeling the tickle feather trolling lightly down my body. I feel every sensation, except for being tickled. Every touch, everything she does to me feels lingered, still on me even after she has stopped.
“Tell your mistress she's beautiful. Seduce me slave.”
This is an easy demand. “You are one of the most beautiful women I’ve ever seen. You have a body that I could only wish to have. I wish to have you touch me with your sexy body,” I flash her a wicked smile, “everywhere. I want your body to touch me everywhere.”
Selene is smiling. She looks so pleased with what I’ve said, I almost ask if just my words made her orgasm. “Keep going. Talk dirty to me.”
I still have a wicked smile, I can feel it across my face as if it were stuck there. “My mistress wishes me to talk dirty to her?”
She smiles and nods slowly with a need in each nod.
I wet my lip, seducing her with my tongue. “I want to lick you so bad, everything inside me has gone tight. I want to lick that yummy strawberry and chocolate sent off your body. If you will let me, I will let my tongue do the talking. I want to pleasure you with my tongue, fuck you with it, and make you scream out how good I make you feel, and let you cum all over my lips.” If someone told me someday I would sleep with a vampire, I would have laughed in their face. But here I am, wishing this vampire would untie me, not so I can kill her, but so I can lick her beautiful body and tug on her rock-hard nipples that even the corset can't hide.
Selene moves closer to me with desire in her eyes. Her hand glides down the front of my corset, straight to the crotch-less panties, letting one of her fingers slip inside. She licks her lips, staring into my eyes, “So wet. So ready. Mistress is pleased.” 
This is far from the first time someone has fingered me, but it feels completely different when you're on X. It feels like I’ve never felt this before. As easily as I could cum when I'm not drugged, it feels like it's going to take me a long time tonight. “I thought Ecstasy was supposed to be the sex drug, mistress?” My body feels almost confused. It's on the border of wanting to let me have an orgasm, and letting me suffer, just to feel this sensation longer.
She slips in another finger, causing another sensation, “Oh, it is. But it will take you longer to cum on X. You'll feel things you can't feel sober.” She starts to lick at my breasts. “We get to play longer. Work for that orgasm, because, my Ange De La Mort, it will be well worth it.”
It should bother me that she's calling me the Angel of Death. The Grim Reaper wouldn't care how much pleasure you could give; if you're meant to die, you will be dead by just the touch of his hand.
“Shall we move to the bed, slave?”
Slave much better. “Yes, mistress. I desire to touch you.”
Selene pulls out a key from between her breasts to unlock me from the chains, but stops before reaching the lock. She's staring into my eyes, focused. 
“Mistress cannot hypnotize me.”
She tenses, looking worried. “I know that. What I'm trying to do is figure out if I can trust you after I unlock you. I know the Ecstasy is making you do things you wouldn't normally do.” She actually looks somewhat frightened. Vampires are good at hiding their emotions from their face, but she's not even trying. “Are you going to kill me, Ange De La Mort?”
I look Selene dead in the eyes. “No mistress I will not kill you. And I'm not doing anything I wouldn't do if I wasn't drugged. The drug just lets me forget you're a vampire.”
Her violet eyes hold a hint of sorrow. “But at the end of the night, I am still a vampire.”
“And at the end of the night, I will still hope for a chance to go home alive,” I calmly reply back. 
Selene presses her soft lips to mine. There's a feeling of urgency in her kiss. I wish my hands were free. I want to run my fingers through her long blonde hair, pick her up by the waist, and carry her over to the bed. Selene quickly pulls away from me and walks over to the wall display. She pulls off a different restraint for me. 
She unlocks my feet from the chains and replaces it with a miniature version of the studded collar I noticed earlier. The sharp studs are on the inside of this one as well. There is a chain connected to the studded anklet. The more taut the chain, the more the spikes dig into the skin.
After putting the new restraint around my ankle, she unlocks my arms. 
I stretch a little, trying to loosen up my stiff muscles from being held in the same position for so long. 
Selene laces her hands between mine and walks me to the bed. She hooks the leash of my new restraint to the bed. The leash is long enough only to play in the bed. Any further than that and the spikes may draw blood. She looks at me, as if wondering what to do next with me.
“What would mistress like me to do?”
She smiles, falling back into her roll. “Kneel on the bed, slave. Close your eyes and don't move, I'll be right back.”
Don't move, where am I moving to? I would like to keep my foot.
I can hear her pulling some more things off the wall. Then I feel her presence and her scent approaching me from behind.
Gently, she places a snug satin blindfold over my already closed eyes.
I can't believe I'm entrusting my body to a vampire. There is so much wrong with this. There is so much wrong with me. I'm a vampire assassin about to sleep with a vampire.
“Talk to me, slave. Tell me want you want.” Her voice is sexual, musical. The sound of the most romantic song you can't get out of your head.
“I want you, mistress,” I say seriously. 
Selene starts to unlace my corset.
Once off, I'm able to take a full breath of air. Each breath I take feels thick. I feel like I can taste the thickness in the air, and physically feel myself swallowing the air into my lungs. I never plan to do Ecstasy again. I didn't plan on it this time, but I can say the things I'm feeling and the things I can smell are intensified beyond description.
“My slave wants me, does she? You're wet and ready for me, huh?” I can hear a smile in her voice.
“Yes mistress, I want you.”
I feel the tips of her fingers run down my back. Her leather corset touches my bare skin as she leans in to kiss my neck. 
And I let her.
She whispers in my ear, “Mistress wants her slave, too. Very much.” She pulls away from me and climbs off the bed. “But my beautiful slave, you must be punished first.” I hear her snap a whip behind me. The whip slaps the floor with a loud crack. “You must be punished for killing my Inamorata.”
Chapter 21

Shit. I feel my heart beat starting to speed up. I forgot I killed her girlfriend. Shit. Maybe it has been the drug allowing me to give myself to a vampire, because now I'm actually frightened of what she will do to me. 
“Do you agree, slave? You should be punished?”
I don't know what to say. If she was punishing me because we were still playing Dom and Sub, I'd say yes, but I'm afraid we're no longer playing. I afraid this is no longer a game, or fun. 
I hear the snap of the whip before it cracks itself against my back, making me fall forward onto the bed. The spikes dig into my skin slightly around my ankle, so I lift my leg to keep my weight off of it.
“Answer me, slave. Do you think you should be punished for killing my Inamorata?” 
“Yes; but I'm scared.” What else can I say? I'm her prisoner, because I failed to kill Sir Duke. I'm at her mercy, and all I can hope for is that by the time she's finished I won't be dead.
“Get back on your knees,” she demands. I feel her climb back onto the bed, moving in close to me as I sit back up on my knees. She kisses the spot that she just whipped and says, “Do not worry, my Ange De La Mort. The Ecstasy will make the pain more tolerable.” She begins to laugh after saying that. A cynical laugh, scaring me even more. 
Selene crawls backwards off the bed. I brace myself for the next crack against my back. 
“My Inamorata and I were together for over 400 years. Let’s consider that first whip a half-err, I'm going to snap this whip across your bare skin, once for every century we were together. You're going to feel it strike you six times total, not including the first one. Four for my Inamorata and two for throwing those knives in my back. Do you agree you should be punished for stabbing me in the back?”
I forgot I stabbed her in the back. The drug's fogging my memory. “Yes, mistress.” I can hear a shaking in my voice, that wasn't there before.
I hear the same snap of the whip before it crosses my back. This time I can feel and hear the sound of the air pushing through the whip before hitting me. The whip wraps itself around my waist touching my stomach, before she yanks it back. 
Again, I fall forward. This time a painful scream leaves me. The pain from this hit stings. The moment she yanked that whip back, I knew it had to have drawn blood. It felt like knives quickly cutting my stomach and waist.
“One. Back on your knees,” she demands of me again.
Feeling something warm rolling down my side, I move to my knees. I barely get back on my knees when I hear the whip again.
Snap, air pushing through the whip. Whip, crack, and this time it falls across the top of my shoulder, brushing my neck, and grazing down my back. The yank of the whip pulls me back slightly, but this time I don't fall, and I hold my scream. I can feel blood falling from my shoulder, rolling down between my breasts.
“Two.” The next one crosses down the spine of my back. “Three.” 
I bite down on the insides of my cheeks to keep for screaming. I won't give that bitch that satisfaction. I’m biting down hard enough I can taste the blood in my mouth.
The fourth hit crosses the back of my legs. I lose the scream I’ve been holding. I was prepared for my back to be hit, not my legs. “Four,” she continues counting. 
My body is trembling all over. That last hit may have just broken me. I’ve been telling myself I'm tough, I can do this, worse has happened to me, but now I can feel tears welding in my eyes. The blind fold catching the ones that have escaped the corners of my eyes.
I can't think straight, all I can think about is how bad my body is trembling. If it were cold, I would say I'm shaking as if I had hypothermia. The fifth hit is as bad as the legs. She wraps the whip around my neck, yanking me down to my side as she pulls it back. Choking me slightly with the whip before letting the leather tassels slice my neck open like razor-sharp claws. 
“Stop! Stop!” I scream. “I can't take any more!” My lower lip is trembling with the rest of my body. It doesn't sound like me screaming for her to stop. My voice is a quiver to match my trembling body. “Please, please I can't take any more,” I plead for mercy, hoping she will stop. 
I can hear Selene's heels click against the hard floor as she walks around the bed to approach me from the front. She sets me back on my knees and I feel like I'm having convulsions. “One more,” she tells me in a calm voice. “One more, then mistress will help you forget about your pain.”
I'm sobbing now. Tears soaking the blindfold, adhering it tighter to my face. I feel hot blood rolling down my body from all angles. “Please. Please I can't take anymore.”
“One more, Neferatari,” her voice is stern. There's no changing her mind. She's determined to give me that one last hit.
I can feel the edge of the bed at my knees. If I fall forward off the bed, that studded anklet is going into my skin without hesitation. I’m sure to lose my foot as soon as my face hits the floor.
The last hit is laid across my chest and down my stomach. I feel myself falling forward, unable to control any part of my body to stop me from falling. Two hands catch me by the shoulders. 
It's Selene, I can smell her. My head falls dead weight onto her shoulder. 
The pain I feel is overwhelming. I feel hot and cold at the same time. Every cut from the whip feels like it's on fire. The blood rolling down my body feels hot. When it connects to a line of blood that was from the first three whips, it feels cold. I think my body is in shock. I’ve stopped crying, and the trembling is almost gone. 
Selene runs her fingers through my hair. This time I feel no sexual feelings. Instead, I feel numb. She removes my blindfold, and I keep my head down, my face shielded by my hair falling around my face. I don't want to look at her. 
“Look at me, my beautiful green-eyed brunette.”
I shake my head slowly, feeling like a shy child trying to hide from a stranger. 
Selene puts her hand under my chin and gently lifts it until our eyes meet. “Mistress will take away your pain. Lay back onto the bed,” she demands of me in a different tone. 
I shake my head. “I don't want to lie down. It will hurt too much for anything to touch the cuts.” For the first time in my life I feel fragile, ready to shatter like stained glass. She's broken my spirit, and my confidence.
Selene crawls onto the bed and moves behind me. Something warm crosses my shoulder blade. I realize it's her tongue. She is licking the blood off of me. 
I flinch, desperately wanting to pull away, but can't get my body to corporate. She's licking the blood off my other shoulder blade, and down my spine to my lower back. Each warm lick from her tongue is calming my body, truly taking away my pain. She licks the blood off my neck, breathing softly by my ear, kicking up the sexual spark I felt for her earlier. I can't let myself fall slave to her again.
“Feeling better?” she asks, speaking soft and intimate into my ear.
I nod. “Yes. How are you doing that?” How is she making my pain go away?
“Vampires have a painkiller in their saliva. Our saliva also helps speed up healing.” She continues licking the blood off me. “Feel okay to lay back now?” she asks, licking the last of the blood off the back of my legs.
Nodding, slowly I lay back onto the bed without a word. I don't know what to do to get myself back in control. My body and mind are in two different places. My body wants relief from the pain, and yearns to be touched by her. My mind is telling me to pay attention. Focus. Never trust a vampire. You were willing to take this vampire to bed and look what she did to you. 
Closing my eyes, I let Selene continue to lick the rest of my blood from my body. She hesitates as she reaches the blood around my breasts. “Does my slave still want me?” she asks, looking up at me from over my breasts. 
“I don't want you to hurt me anymore, mistress,” I say, remembering those word are what started this. 
“If mistress promises to never cause you that much pain again, do you want your mistress to work on making you...” she takes a quick lick at my nipple and finishes by saying, “cum?”
Just the slightest flick of her tongue across my nipple has me back feeling the same way I did when she had me chained to the wall.
I take a deep breath filling my body with the sex in the air. “Yes, mistress. I want you.” As soon as the words leave my mouth, my mind tells me I'm a fucking idiot. 
Selene smiles a sexy, lust-filled smile at me, and begins to work her tongue around my breasts. I arch my back, involuntarily lifting my breasts. Feeling my body on the edge, and yet so far away from an intense pleasure. She works her powerful tongue in long, smooth, warm strokes around my breasts, up my neck, across my chin. Everything feels sensitive. Every touch feels lingered. 
I sit up without thinking, grabbing her face between my hands, pulling her lips to mine. With our tongues entangled in a hot mess, she climbs on top of me. Her soft skin brushes mine as she straddles me, lowering me back down to the bed. She breaks from our kiss, and works her way back down my body. Lower and lower. I hear a soft snap, no louder than the snap of a rubber band. I look down at her, removing my panties with her teeth. My anticipation is building; I want her tongue in my hot wetness. 
She slips her tongue inside me, sending me shivering, and pulling back from her. The feeling is so intense. The pleasure can't come soon enough. She firmly pulls me back to her and continues to pull me closer to the edge. Every movement of her tongue is telling a story. Her tongue is a master novelist, and I’m the story. It feels so amazing, my orgasm is on the edge, but won't fall. I want to fall, fall over the edge with her storytelling tongue saving me. Releasing my Ecstasy-built sexual tension. 
Her tongue has reached the twenty-fifth chapter. The story is almost over. “Please let me orgasm,” I say out loud, begging for release. I need this. Just when I don't think I can take any more, I reach my climax. The orgasm is the same as if I weren't drugged. The difference is how long it took me to get there. She slips a finger inside me, and I feel myself ready to orgasm again. “I need one more. It's there, I can feel it. Don't stop,” I tell her desperately.
She licks the inside of my thigh and I feel the orgasm starting to approach. My orgasm is so close, I don't want to be tormented waiting so long again for it to happen. I feel Selene drop her fangs into my thigh and my orgasm is released at the same time she lets out a long soft moan of her own. 
The first orgasm may not have been any different than normal, but this orgasm has me weightless. Pleasure is rippling through my body, violet colors flash in front of my closed eyes. Endless sexual pleasure drawing on and on. The orgasm feels endless. If it continues, I may never be the same. I will always be on the chase for this exact feeling. Selene retracts her fangs back, sucking on the two small bleeding holes in my thigh, and my orgasm very slowly dulls. She stops sucking, and my orgasm does too. She wiggles her way up to me, moving my arm so she can lay her head on my chest.
Cuddling? Vampires cuddle? “Can I take care of you now?” I ask, not really wanting to move.
She kisses my collarbone and looks me in the eyes with a satisfied smile. “You already did.”
“How?” I didn't move. I didn't do anything sexual to her.
“Taking blood is like another form of sex to a vampire. The pleasure is just as intense and just as satisfying.” She lays her head back down, wraps her arm around me, cuddling into me more.
I kill vampires; I never realized how little I really knew about them. I know that there is a difference in a love bite and deadly bite. The love bite is what I felt, no pain, just pleasure – though I had no idea it would cause that much pleasure. The deadly bite, a vampire will release a toxic venom into your body, killing you. If the venom takes, you'll be turned into a vampire. More often than not, the body will accept the venom. The rare cases that it didn't work were on die-hard Christians, pastors, ministers, and Bible-thumping people waiting until marriage before they would lose their virginity. I had no idea they have a painkiller in their saliva, and it can speed up the healing process. That also explains why a vampire’s victim doesn’t have the marks on their neck from the fang puncturing the skin for long. Another way to keep their victim clueless to the existence of vampires. 
Also never would have guessed they receive the same amount of pleasure from taking blood as they do having sex. Never would have guessed it, but it does make since.
A feeling of awkwardness slowly overcomes me. Not the same awkwardness I felt the first day I woke up next to Fayleigh. This is a feeling that says I’ve just ignored everything I believe in as a vampire assassin. “Could I talk you out of a glass of water?” I want to be alone for a minute. Sink in what just happened. I want this drug to wear off so I can start to think clear and figure out how the hell to get out this situation. 
Selene climbs off the bed. “Sure. I'll be back in a few.”
The door swings open before she reaches it. “Selene. Did you punish the Ange De La Mort for killing your Inamorata?” asks Sir Duke, still dressed in the same attire as earlier. Coming into this room I half expected him to be in something leather.
“Yes, master. Her punishment was full of agonizing pain.” She seems almost timid compared to how she was when I first met her - before being knocked out cold. I wonder if it's because what we did is even more wrong for her than how awkward I feel right now. 
I can barely see Sir Duke’s face from this position, and I don't dare move. “Very good,” he sounds pleased. “Now it is my turn. Get her my drug of choice,” he orders.
“Master, if I give her your drug on top of mine, we could overdose her.”
I don't see Sir Duke backhand Selene. I just see her being thrown across the room, crashing hard into the brick wall.
She sits up with blood rolling down the side of her face from hitting her head on the wall. 
“Don't you ever question me! I told you to get me my drug of choice and you do it! NOW!” He yells the last word so strong, I could swear I felt the room rumble. 
“Yes mater. Sorry master.” Selene moves to her feet and runs for the door.
Sir Duke walks up to Dallas. I kind of forgot he was here. Some friend, huh? All I want is a clear head, and they are going to drug me again. If Selene is worried it may overdose me, Sir Duke's drug must be a lot stronger than the X she gave me.
“Dallas, Dallas, Dallas,” Sir Duke repeats his name one after the other, shaking his head. “I don't think Leeum punished you enough for killing my panthers.”
I'm scared to move, but after what he did to Selene, I'm even more scared of what he will do to Dallas.
I hear a snap of a belt, and then the belt hitting flesh. Dallas grunts from the pain, but refuses to let out any more sound than that. I count ten hits of the belt smacking his flesh before Selene is back. Dallas never once let out more than a grunt from the pain.
“Get her chained back up to the wall. I want her hands behind her back so she can't try to throw up the drug,” Sir Duke orders.
Selene places a studded collar around my neck to move me back to the wall, preventing me from any thoughts of struggle.
After having me back in chains and locked to the wall, she tells me, “Take this.” She holds up a small square of paper. It reminds me of one of the Listerine Breathstrips, but this has a smiley face on it.
“What is it with you vampires and the drugs?” I’ve never done drugs, I don't even smoke. The worst I do is drink. I don't want any more drugs. Not now, not ever.
“When we take blood from someone who has done certain drugs, we intake the blood into our system, giving us our own high from the drug. If we take the drug our self, it does nothing for us,” Selene explains in a low voice. 
“You’re druggies. You’re addicted to drugs. I'm not taking that.”
“I'm not addicted to drugs. I occasionally like a little X, but I'm not addicted to drugs like Sir Duke.”
I see a flash of Sir Duke’s dark clothes speed across the room. He's in front of Selene and has her by the throat before my eyes can focus. “How dare you, I am not addicted to drugs! How dare you degrade me in my own home! Keep it up and you'll no longer be my second in command. You'll be nothing by the time I'm done with you! Another monster turned to ash.” He lets her drop to the ground, then kicks her in the gut with the tip of his boot, slamming her into another wall. He walks up to Selene, still cowering on the floor, and takes the drug from her, before backhanding her again. 
“Now,” he says, approaching me. “You can take this the easy way or I can break your jaw and force it down your throat.”
I don't want my jaw broken. I don't want the drug. Regretfully, I open my mouth, hoping whatever this is won't overdose me.
“That's a good girl,” he smiles, satisfied. “Isn't it a shame you won't get the chance to kill me Ange De La Mort,” he sounds almost certain of that. “You know, the only reason the Master Overlord hired you to kill me is because I have a power he doesn't. He's worried I'm becoming more powerful than him, and he doesn't want to be overthrown.”
“He told me it's because you've been hypnotizing people, and keeping them as slaves for you and your creations.” Before he can respond to that, I add, “But honestly, I couldn’t care less what his reason is for hiring me to kill you. My family made an agreement with the Master Overlord. He would do his best to keep everyone under control by appointing a master in each assigned area, but any vampire, master or creation, who had gone rouge or were on the verge of it, he would pay us to do his dirty work.”
“Oh, but if that were true, then you wouldn't be assassinating any vampires without his consent. And I know for a fact you have killed without him telling you to.”
“Not that I need to explain our agreement with you, but the deal was only accepted if we could still kill any vampire we thought was out of line. Any vampire being a monster, instead of trying to blend in with the humans. Any monsters like you.”
He lets out a short laugh. “Monsters like me, huh? And because I'm hypnotizing people and keeping them as slaves for me and my creations you say.” He makes it a statement. “The Master Overlord makes it sound like I'm building an army of vampires to overtake him.” He shakes his head and laughs a little more. “As for hypnotizing people, I don't have to hypnotize them. They came here willingly. People online seeking out vampires to donate blood to us in trade for sex. There's always going to be those believers out there who believe vampires are real, and they will find us one way or another.” After making that statement he says, “That should take effect in the next 30 minutes.” He strolls calmly back toward the door. “You,” he points a finger at Selene, “come get me when the drug is fully kicked in.”
“Yes, master.” Blood is coming down both sides of her face and out of the corner of her mouth, her arms are wrapped around her waist, guarding herself from being kicked in the gut again.
After he has left the room, and with no chance of coming back until Selene goes to get him, she finally gets to her feet. She opens a dresser drawer sitting next to the wall display. She pulls something out and walks back over to me. I can't see what she has in her hand, which makes me all the more nervous.
Wrapping her arms around me I feel her fiddling with the lock on my handcuffs. They don't feel as tight now. Then I feel her place something in my hand. 
Oh, my god, it's my revolver. “I hate to risk you changing your mind, but why are you doing this?”
“This,” she points to her face, “is not uncommon. In fact, it happens almost every night. Sir Duke is a drug addict, and I can't take it anymore.”
“Why don't you leave, or better yet why don't you just kill him yourself?”
“I can only leave if another master is willing to take me in under their control. No one will take me because I'm, quote unquote, overqualified.”
I'm learning more about vampires. Hopefully I'll still remember all this when I'm not high. “How can you be overqualified?”
“I'm Sir Duke's second in command because I have more powers than anyone else in our clan. The other master vampires are worried I would try to overthrow them.”
I guess that makes sense. “So why can't you kill him?”
“If I kill him outside of the Vampire Courts, I will be set on fire.” I look at her a little confused. “Since I'm second in command, I would have to fight Sir Duke in front of the courts. The last one standing would be the Master of London. I know I'm not more powerful than Sir Duke, I would lose. We have to fight in front of the court, one, because they want to make sure it's a fair fight, and two, because they're sadistic and like to watch a blood-splattering fight.” Selene seems very calm telling me what I would have guessed are vampire secrets, but I guess maybe they're not. 
“So if I kill him you will become the new Master of London?” Vampires are always up to something. Anything to benefit them.
“As long as the courts don't sense foul play. Which is why I can't be here when this happens. Leeum and I are going out.” She looks at me with a serious focus in her eyes, “Now, the cuffs are loose enough you can get one hand out of it. Once that drug kicks in you're going to have a hard time focusing. When you shoot, do not miss. You will not get a second chance.”
“What did he give me?” I ask, worried about the answer.
“LSD,” she answers in a leery tone.
“Acid! He gave me acid? What's going to happen to me? What about the X, will I overdose?”
“No you won't over dose, I told him that, hoping he would think twice. You see how well that went.” 
“I'm starting to see colored patterns when I close my eyes, is that normal?”
Selene answers, sounding a little impatient. “Yes, that's normal. The drug is kicking in faster than usual. Now listen...” she grabs hold of my chin to make sure my eyes are open and I’m looking at her. “The colors you’re only seeing when your eyes are closed will start to show up even when your eyes are open. Time is going to start to feel slow, that's why you can't hesitate to shoot him. Also try very hard to stay focused. Focus on where you want to shoot him at because things around you are going to look like their slightly moving, kind of like a ripple.” She holds a little key in front of my face, “Open your mouth.” I do. “Lift your tongue.” She places the little key under my tongue. “Don't swallow that key or there's no helping you when I return.” I would have asked why she didn't give the key to Dallas, but it would be pointless to give him the key. He's not going to be able to free a hand, and Selene can't loosen his cuffs without it being obvious to Sir Duke when he passes Dallas after entering the room. 
“Your clothes, guns, and knives are in that dresser over there,” she points to the same dresser she got my revolver out of. “I recommend you leave some of your knives. Only because it will look like you were in a hurry to get out of here.”
“Thank you; I think.” I’m starting to feel... I guess maybe anxiety or maybe paranoid. “How do I know when I kill Sir Duke you aren't going to finish me off? You get to be Master of London and you've killed the vampires’ Ange De La Mort.”
“I guess I could say I kind of like you. I would rather be on your good side than your bad side.”
“But if you kill me then the courts won't sense foul play and you won't be on my good side or my bad. I'll be dead.” After saying that, I start thinking in my head, “shut up before she changes her mind.”
Selene kisses me on my cheek and says nothing more.
I’m left alone, one hand loose, holding my revolver, and feeling like I just repeated that moment. Déjà vu. If Dallas said anything or tried to get my attention, I can't hear him. I'm just trying to stay focused. Waiting for Sir Duke to enter the room and praying I won't miss when I shoot him.
It feels like hours before Sir Duke returns. As he enters the room, I know the drug is fully in my system, because I notice right away how hard it is for me to focus on him. He looks like he's wearing something a clown would wear. A rainbow clown costume. I focus on what I want to shoot at, so I choose his nose as my focus point. 
His nose begins to change shape right in front of my eyes. Normal human nose to a red Bozo the Clown nose. Good enough, I think, pulling the revolver and pointing it at his big Bozo nose. Everything feels as if in slow motion. The movement of me pulling the gun up, pointing it, and pulling the trigger. I watch as his head burst, blood splattering in rainbow colors before he disintegrates to ash. His ashes appear to be moving, shifting around themselves. Deciding where they want to be laid to rest. Above his ashes I see a floating brown light. A brown rotating orb. I can't tell what's real and what my imagination is creating. Unlocking myself feels like a slow process. The lock keeps moving on me, changing colors, confusing me. 
Finally I'm freed of locks and chains. I must find out if that brown orb is real. I can hear Dallas saying something but it sounds almost muffled, I’m too focused on that orb. Staring at it closer, I still can't tell if it’s real or fake. I reach both hands out to take a hold of the glowing orb. A tingling feeling rushes through my fingertips the closer my hands are to it. I don't get my hands fully wrapped around it when the most bizarre thing happens. The orb seems to absorb into my body. 
My body feels like it's glowing, like a large glow stick. Behind my closed eyes Sir Duke flashes through my head. He is talking to his panthers. Behind the panthers are a line of animals. A line of meat eaters lined behind one another. Lions, cougars, and a gray wolf. Voices are over talking one another in my head.
I’m drawn back to the here and now. “Tori! Tori! Focus, we have to get the hell out of here. Come unlock me,” shouts Dallas over the voices. 
After freeing his hands, he tells me, “Go get dressed. Grab the rest of our weapons.”
Without arguing, I wander over to the dresser. All our belongings are in the top drawer. Everything is moving, changing colors, time has slowed immensely. I have my clothes on before I realize Dallas is helping me dress. 
Dallas grabs my hand, yanking me towards the door. “Let’s go. We have no time to waste.” He pulls me running through the castle. He seems to have memorized the castle, how to get out.
The fresh air smacks me in the face like a feathered pillow in a pillow fight. I drop Dallas's hand, standing a moment, catching my breath.
“Tori! Let’s go!” he shouts at me.
Looking out in front of us I see the trees we hid behind walking up the hill to the castle. Out of the corner of my eye I see a big orange flash of fire. I turn my head to see a dragon as tall as the castle, breathing fire, and slowly coming towards me.
“Ahh-ha! Oh, my God! Dragon! Dragon! Run! We have to run!” I take off, using all of my immortal speed to get away from the dragon.
Dallas is running behind me. “Tori, there's no dragon. You're hallucinating from the acid.”
I ignore him, knowing what I saw. I run through the trees, and continue running, reaching the deserted road. The gravel is crunching loud under my feet. Things keep moving on me. Rocks look to be rolling out of my way, to not get stepped on. Behind me I hear huffing and puffing. The dragon is gaining on me I have to run faster. My lungs feel like they're going to collapse. I’m running so fast I think the wind has ripped my hair from my head. I have no idea where I’m running to; I just can't let that dragon catch up to me.
The dragon trails closer and closer to my heels. I feel his fire-hot breath breathing down my back, as he tackles me, rolling me into the ditch. It's got me. It's on top of me. I’m sure as dead. “Ahh-ha!” I scream. “Someone help me! He's going to kill me!” 
No one comes.
“Tori. Listen to me. It's Dallas. I’m not going to hurt you. Do you hear me?” The dragon shakes me. “Look at me. Open your eyes and look at me. It's Dallas.” 
I can't look. I won't look. The last thing I want to see when I die is that dragon killing me. 
“Please, Tori. Look at me. I’m not going to hurt you.”
I don't know if it was the please or my body feeling itself coming back to reality, but I open my eyes. “Dallas!” I cry out. “I'm so scared. I don't know what's happening to me. There's a dragon out there. We can't stay here.”
Dallas is straddling me, pinning me to the ground in the ditch next to the road. He leans over me, taking my face in his hands. “Listen to me. There is no dragon,” he says each word slowly, one by one to keep my attention. “It's the drug they gave you. I’m going to get you back to the hotel, and you can sleep this whole thing off.”
I’m crying uncontrollably. “I'm so scared. I just want to go home.”
He climbs off of me, picking me up and cradling me in his arms. “I know. Hold on to me. I'll get us back to the hotel.”
I bury my head into his neck, holding on for dear life. I can't get the colors and strange objects to stop flashing behind my closed eyes, but at least I can no longer see the imaginary dragon.

“Do you want to take a shower and clean up?” asks Dallas. 
He must have drawn off of my speed and got up to the hotel faster than it felt we were going.
“Yes. I want out of these clothes.” They're bloodstained from when I got hit over the head. “I wish I could wash away the drug in me.”
“I'll let you go in first. Don't close the door. I want to make sure you don't fall.”
Things keep moving on me. It's a good possibility I could fall, but I can't wait for the drug to wear off before I take a shower.
The water is hot and soothing. I feel myself starting to finally calm down; I don't have as much anxiety. I wash up then stand with the shower water hitting my face. Behind my closed eyes the colors aren't as dramatic, but they're still there. The longer I stand here letting the water hit my face and roll down my body, it starts to no longer feel like water. It feels thicker. Heavier even. I hesitate to open my eyes, and when I finally do, I wish I never would have. “Ahh-ha! Snakes! They’re everywhere!” I scramble to get out of the tub, stepping on snakes covering the shower floor, and dropping from the shower head. I fling open the shower curtain and snakes are dropping from the ceiling. Crawling out of the drain in the sink. Coming out of the toilet. “Ahh-ha! I hate snakes!” I start sobbing, hot tears rolling down my face.
“Tori. It's fine. There's no snakes.” 
There's a huge black cobra standing in the doorway to the bathroom. It sounds like Dallas, but looks like a snake. 
“They won't go away! Help me!” 
The black cobra starts to slither side to side closer to me. 
“No!” I scream. “Don't touch me!”
“Tori, it's me. It's Dallas. I’m not a dragon, I’m not a snake. Just Dallas.”
I'm so scared my teeth are chattering. More hot tears rolling down my cheeks. I’m wet, naked and cold, sitting in the corner of the bathroom, with my knees tucked up close to my chest.
“Tori, close your eyes,” says the snake with Dallas's voice.
I know its Dallas, but I can't get my mind to wrap around it. I squeeze my eyes shut tight. No more snakes. Just colored shapes.
A towel is being wrapped around my shoulders as Dallas's voice says, “It's just me. You’re okay. I’m going to take care of you. We'll get through this.” He picks me up, cuddling me in his arms like he did on the way back to the hotel. I hear him pulling back the sheet to the bed. “Keep your eyes closed,” he says, putting me on the bed. The towel is wrapped tight around me, he leaves it, covering me with the blankets.
“Don't leave me. Please don't leave me,” I beg.
“I'm not going anywhere. I’m right here. Just keep your eyes closed.”
So far, keeping my eyes closed is keeping out the bad things. I feel Dallas pull back the cover on the opposite side of the bed, and the bed shift as he climbs in. I know he's next to me, but I can't feel him. “Dallas?”
“I'm here.”
“Please hold me. I’m so scared.” I turn to my side, he moves in close to me holding me tight. My back to his bare chest and legs. “Are you dressed?” I ask, not really caring.
“Got my boxers on.” I hear a hint of a smile in his tone.
“If you weren't gay I would say you're trying to take advantage of me,” I say, trying hard to joke. I need a laugh. No more scary snakes and dragons.
“If I weren't gay I would try to take advantage of you,” he says, laughing. He gives me a small kiss on my cheek. “Try to go to sleep. I'll be right here.”
I have no idea how long it took me to fall asleep. When I did I kept having flashbacks at the castle. Things I don't ever want to happen again kept running through my head like a CD on repeat. 
Chapter 22

I woke to an empty bed, daylight shining through the open curtains. The drug seems to be completely worn off. My muscles feel tight and sore. The surface of my skin feels warm and bruised. I pull the covers back along with the towel. If I wished everything that happened last night were a bad dream, my body would be proof it was far from a dream. There are lashes and cuts all over my body from Selene whipping me. Most of them look scabbed over. The deep ones look like they're on the border of wanting to bleed or start to heal. I start to think about everything that happened last night. The first thing I know for sure is, I never, ever, ever want to be drugged again. And I know this, I will never let it happen again. The second thing popping in my head is what Selene and I did. Though her love bite was amazing and beyond pleasurable, I can't believe I did that. With a vampire. I’m a terrible assassin and feel even worse as a human. Well, the human everyone believes I am. A thought pops into my head like a shot gun going off. “Oh, fuck.” I slap my hand to my forehead, “Shit. Shit.” I fucked up. I mean I royally fucked up. I cheated on Ryder with Selene. I told him I would never cheat on him. I told him that only hours before I went to bed with that fucking vampire. What am I going to do? I lay back on the bed, my head blank of thoughts. “I'm just going to tell him the truth,” I say out loud to myself. I argue out loud with myself, “Yeah, you see how well that turned out when you were honest about it being Dallas who was with you when Ryder heard him in the background last night.” 
“Fuck.” Well I’m the one who fucked up. I don't want to lie to Ryder or it will eat at me until I die. I’m going to tell him as close to the truth as possible. He'll believe we were kidnapped, held hostage and tortured by the marks on my body. 
The marks on your body that are already healing, I think to myself. An idea pops into my head. I jump out of the bed, wrapping the towel around me heading out the bedroom door to find Dallas. 
He's in the shower, with the door left wide open. I’m guessing to make sure he could hear me if the drug hadn't worn off by the time I woke this morning. 
“Dallas.”
“Don't even ask, Tori. I know what you have in mind, and I’m not doing it.”
I jump up onto the counter next to the sink, with my towel snug around me. “I haven't even asked yet.”
“I know what you're going to ask, I had a dream about it last night and I just can't do it.”
“If you had a dream about it, then you can do it. You did it in your dream. Didn't you?”
Silence from the naked man in the shower. He turns off the water, and reaches an arm out for the towel next to the tub. He opens the shower curtain smooth and calm, with the towel around his waist. 
“Tori. I’m not doing it. Do you know how sadistic that is? I can't believe you're even half serious about asking me to do that to your body.” He has a very disgusted look on his face. “And no. I did not do that in my dream. You asking is the farthest the dream went about this un-happening situation. You're going to have to think of something else.”
“I'm not half serious, Dallas. I’m dead serious. You have to do this for me. How else can I cover up how fast my cuts are healing compared to yours?”
“Hide out until they're gone. Then you won't have to explain anything. That's what I plan to do.” He leaves me sitting by the sink walking out.
I follow him. “I can't Dallas. I fucked up last night. Royally. I have to tell Ryder the truth.”
Dallas laughs slipping on a pair of boxers under his towel. “The truth, huh? What are you going to say? ‘Ryder, I went to kill a vampire who got the jump on me, chained me to a wall in his bondage room. Who let his second in command whip me, for killing her girlfriend. Then I went to bed with her after she cut the shit out of my body.’ Oh yeah, and let’s not forget they drugged you. Which by the way was really scary. I almost took you to the ER last night.”
“I'm glad you didn't. Then I would have a lot of explaining to do.”
“Tori, I’m not re-opening your cuts so they can look like it just happened last night.” 
I don't really want him to cut them open either, but it's the only thing I can think of. 
“Not to mention you're not the only one who fucked up last night. I cheated on Leevi. With a fucking vampire. Not just any vampire. Leevi's twin brother Leeum. What's even worse, I kept thinking I wish Leevi knew how to do some of the things Leeum was doing to me,” he says with a look that tells me how disappointed he is in himself. 
“Since when does Leevi have a twin brother? I never saw him in school.” I’m trying to recall there being two of them. 
“You must not have noticed because they’re identical twins,” Dallas replies not looking at me. 
“How did he become a vampire?”
“He found out about vampires through an online website. Vampires looking for blood donations.” Dallas shrugs as if he didn't already know about the websites. 
There's all kinds of those websites out there. The only people who have any interest in them are those who believe in vampires.
“Long story short, he was sick of being compared to Leevi and decided to become a vampire. He told his family in a letter he was done with this life and that he will only be happy once he is gone. They, of course, thought he meant suicide, but they never found a body.”
“Has Leevi ever mentioned him?” I still can't believe I never knew there were two of them.
“When I ask about Leeum, Leevi changes the topic or just says he doesn't want to talk about it.” Dallas has a look of sorrow on his face. 
I’m pretty sure I know the answer but I ask anyway, “Are you going to tell Leevi?”
“Hell no! And I don't think you should tell Ryder,” he says, shaking his head and pointing his finger at me. 
“If I don't tell Ryder, it's going to eat at me. I wish I could say it had to have been the X, but I’m afraid it didn't matter if I was drugged or not, I wanted Selene. Vampire or not.”
“I don't know shit about drugs, but my mindset is the same as yours. I don't think I would have done anything drugged that I wouldn't have done if I wasn't drugged.” His disappointed look is back. 
I put my hands together, ready to beg. “Please, Dallas. I want to tell Ryder as close to the truth as possible. You don't have to cut open all of them, just the ones that look more healed than yours.”
Dallas shakes his head vigorously. “That's all of them, Tori. I’m not doing it and that's final.” He starts to dress in a hurry, as if the faster he dresses the more likely I won't ask again. “I called the airport we have a flight scheduled to leave in one hour, so go get dressed, and round up your things.”
Staring at him, I don't move. Not really at him, but off into space trying to figure out what to do. I could cut them back open myself, but I'll have a hard time reaching the ones around my back. 
He stops packing his things and stares back at me. “Tori, if you insist on telling him about last night, why don't you just tell him the girl who was your Dom used different whips or torture devices on you that didn't leave as deep of marks on your body as the Dom I had did?”
That's actually a good idea. “I could do that.” I let that thought sink in a little more. “Yes, I think that's what I'll tell him.” Feeling better, but not relieved, I dress and pack my things.
Calling Ryder before leaving the airport, he answers on the first ring, “Hey, babe. You on your way home yet?” asks Ryder in a sleepy voice. It is nighttime there. He's either just climbing into bed or he just fell asleep and I woke him.
“We're just about to leave for the airport. We should be landing around about four Nevada time.”
“I can't wait to see you. Want me to come pick you up?” he asks, sounding more awake. 
My heart skips a beat with that question. I don't want him to see me with these welts and cuts at the airport. I want to be alone with him when I tell him what happened. “No, Dallas has already called Bernard to pick us up. But I need to talk to you when I get home. What time will you be done with work?”
He hesitates to answer. “I'm the boss I can leave when ever. I'll be at your place before you get there.” He hesitates again. “Um, is something wrong?”
Yes something is very wrong. “I just really need to talk to you about something and I don't want to talk about it over the phone.” I’m sure the first thing that's popping in his head is Dallas was lying, he's not gay, and we slept together.
Surprisingly he says nothing along those lines. “I'll be there before you,” he says in a plain, unemotional voice.
We hang up. 
Dallas and I climb into a cab for the airport. I really wish I would have brought a different change of clothes. For my outfit to head home in I chose a pair of shorts and a V-neck T-shirt. I’m getting a lot of unwanted stares, but I couldn't bring myself to put the clothes I was running from a “dragon” in back on. They are covered in blood and dirt. That would have been worse to wear than what I have on. Dallas is wearing a pair of jeans, a T-shirt, and he brought a sweat jacket with him to London. It gets down to the upper forties, low fifties there this time of the year. So no one can see any of his cuts. Which look a lot worse than mine.

Bernard pulls up in front of my house. Ryder's truck is parked in front of my house, and he is outside leaning against it. He looks so good I don't want to get out of the limo. This may be the last time I see him and I just want to admire the view. I can tell he left work early enough to clean up. He is wearing a pair of dark blue jeans, fading to a lighter denim around his thighs, and a black button-up short-sleeved shirt. He left the first three buttons undone, showing some of his smooth chest. The sleeves on the shirt are short enough they are tight around his muscles. If he flexes, the sleeves may rip. His hair is tousled in that carefree way, and looks wet, like he just got out of the shower.
I’m able to talk Dallas into taking off his sweat jacket and getting out of the limo first. I want to stall and I want Ryder to see Dallas is much worse off than I am.
“Holy shit! What the hell happened to you?” I hear Ryder ask Dallas.
“Tori can tell you. I’ve really got to go.” Dallas is in his car and speeding away before I can make a move to get out of the limo.
Ryder walks up to my door as I slide out of the limo. “Are you okay?” He asks sounding panicked, “What happened? Who did that to you two?” There’s a hint of anger in his panic. 
“Let’s go inside and I'll tell you.” Taking Ryder's hand I lead him to house, leaving Bernard to take care of my bags.
We sit down at the kitchen table side by side. “Are you going to tell me what happened?” he asks impatiently.
I lace my fingers together and rest my hands in my lap, not looking at Ryder. “I'm not sure how to tell you this.”
“Start from the beginning,” he insists.
Well, here goes my half-lie, half-truth. “Dallas and I went to the try outs for the movie. Everything went well.” I look at Ryder, who is listening intently. “One of the actors asked us to come to his place for an after-party. Which isn't unusual, so we went, but what happened when we got there was unusual. When we got there, everything seemed fine. Dallas and I were the first ones there. Little did we know no one else was invited. Someone hit us over the head and knocked us out. He has a bondage room in his home. With help, he chained Dallas and me to the walls in his bondage room.” Ryder's not blinking, waiting and listening for me to continue the bad news. “While we were knocked out, someone drugged us. They gave us X.” A shocked look crosses his face, but still he says nothing. “I'm kind of condensing this version because it's really hard to talk about.” He nods and I continue, “They found out Dallas is gay and that I’m bi. He had a guy Dom and I had a girl. They whipped us and beat us with different... toys, I guess you could say. Dallas's Dom was much more aggressive as you could see. The X made the pain a lot more tolerable.” Ryder shrugs, nodding once. “Ryder, I fucked up. Big time.” He's listening, not blinking, not asking how, and just waiting for me to continue. “After my Dom whipped me, she unchained me from the wall and moved me to a bed. Every touch, movement, friction of fabric, her skin touching mine, felt... amazing.” I look back at my hands in my lap, unable to watch Ryder's face as I continue. “She smelled like strawberries and chocolate. She was seductive and one of the most beautiful women I’ve ever seen.” I pause and hesitate several breaths before saying, “I couldn't stop myself when she started to touch me. I couldn't stop her. And I didn't want to stop her and I didn't want her to stop. I slept with her. I slept with her only hours after I told you I would never cheat on you.” I can feel two tears roll slowly down my cheeks as I look back in his eyes and say, “I'm so sorry. I really fucked up and I understand if you don't want to be with me. You don't even have to say anything; you can leave now, and never look back.”
What he does next is so unexpected, I gasp from being startled. He wraps his arms around me tight and pulls me over to his lap. “How did you get out?” he asks with a concerned look. 
“His neighbors could hear the screaming when they whipped us and called the cops,” I say, staring at the buttons on his shirt. 
“So they're in jail now? I don't need to track anyone down and kill them?” he sounds dead serious saying that.
This is not the reaction I was expecting from him at all. I’m not sure what to do with this. “Yes, they're in jail. With no chance of getting out. London has some strict laws in that area.”
“I'm just glad you're okay,” he says, squeezing me tight to his chest.
“Ryder, I cheated on you. How can you care that I’m okay?”
“Tori, they drugged you. You never would have done that if they didn't drug you.”
I shouldn't say what I’m about to, but I’m going to anyway, “Ryder, I really don't think I did anything I wouldn't have done anyway if I wasn't on X. I think I have better control over myself than that.”
Ryder shakes his head, smirking a little. “You've never done X before that, have you?”
I give him my confused look. “Ryder I’ve never done any drugs of any kind before last night.” I stare at his unreadable face, and it dawns on me. “You've done X before?” I ask, shocked beyond words.
He nods but says nothing.
“When? With who? Do you still do it?” So many questions.
“It was when I was in high school. My troublemaker years. Me and the guys wanted to try it, and I know exactly what you mean when you say everything felt amazing.”
I scrunch my face, thinking a dirty thought.
He shakes his head and laughs, “I know where your mind is, and no. That is not what happened. I’m far from gay. I mean objects and textures of things. Everything felt so different.”
I climb off his lap to sit down on the table in front of him. “Ryder, you're far from gay and you resisted yourself from doing anything with your friends, so how can you say you believe the drug is why I did what I did?”
“Because, my friend’s sister came home while we were high. She had always had a crush on me. The guys left to find some beer, and I was alone with my friend's sister. I had a girlfriend, but I put the moves on his sister anyway. We didn't have sex because she stopped it when she realized I was high, but we were really close. Even though I had a girlfriend at the time, she was the last thing on my mind. Unfortunately, she was the girl who had been cheating on me since the day we started dating, so if my friend’s sister would have let me go all the way with her I never would have regretted it. The only thing I would have regretted was toying with her emotions. She wanted to be with me and I just wanted a piece of ass for the night.”
It's so strange to hear Ryder talking like this. He's cleaned up so much from high school, I never would have guessed he was that much of an asshole back then, or that he was into drugs. 
“So do you still do it? Or do you want to do it again?”
He shakes his head. “No, I don't still do it. I only did it that one time, and I really don't have any interest to do it again. But I do have one important and very personal question for you.”
Oh no. “What's that?”
“X is the sex drug. Sex is supposed to never be the same once you've had sex on X,” he pauses, thinking how to ask his question. “Do you want to do it again?” He stands up, putting his hands on the table on either side of me and leans into me. I can smell his cologne and the light hint of his body wash. “Can I ever give you the same pleasure you felt last night?” he asks, breathing softly against my neck, giving me chills. “Do you still want me, crave me, need me inside of you?” I tilt my head to the side as he glides his bottom lip up my neck, to my ear. He runs his hand gently up my back, to my hair, letting his fingers lace through my hair, before taking a handful and tugging sensually on it.
Not counting the vampire bite, just being on X in general, what happened last night could never compare to how he's making me feel right now. “Last night wasn't anything compared to the pleasure you give me. I still want you. I want you inside of me so bad, it hurts.” 
He lifts off my shirt, unhooking my bra at the same time.
“I want you to fuck me. Right here.” I rip open his shirt, popping buttons off as I expose his naked chest to my desperate body. I pull his lips to mine. “Now. Fuck me now,” I whisper with urgency. 
He rips off my shorts, literally. 
Cheap material?
He undoes his pants, and takes no time to make sure my body is wet for him.
There's no question in my mind that it is.
He thrusts himself into me hard, moving the table backwards.
“Awww,” I scream from the pain but tell him, “Fuck me harder. I need you deeper in me.” I want to feel his balls slapping against me with every pound he pushes into me. 
Without question, he does. He fucks me so hard, the table keeps moving backwards, back until it reaches the wall blocking off the hallway. Now that the table can't move, he can penetrate himself deeper, further inside of me. I'm on the border of pain and pleasure, yet I tell him, “Don't stop! Oh, yeah! Fuck me! Fuck me!”
He sounds like he is growling with pleasure, and it's only turning me on more. I sit up and pull his shirt off the rest of the way. I want my hands on his body. I trail my fingernails down his chest, leaving marks close enough to bleed.
“Grrrr. Ahh-ha,” He lets out a growling moan and pulls out of me almost too fast. He picks me up and roughly flips me over so my chest is pressed against the table and my ass is propped up with the help of his arm under my waist. The animal in him is taking over. I hope he doesn't enter the wrong hole. I’m not ready for that. He thrusts himself deep inside my wetness, making me scream. He's so deep inside me, I can't take any more of his length. He is filling me in every way possible. He moves my waist up higher, so my toes aren't even touching the floor, and moves the rest of the way into me, stretching me further then I thought I could go.
“Ahh-ha! Oh, fuck!” I scream out. It's painful, but the sinful side of me doesn't want him to stop, and the sadistic side of me tells him, “Harder! I want you to fuck me harder!”
He thrusts himself deep inside of me, feeding off my pain and my need for him to not stop. I find myself continuing to scream and repeat, “Fuck, fuck, oh yeah, fuck me!”
He has one hand around my waist, lifting me to him and his other hand on my back pushing me to the table. I feel him glide his nails down my back, catching one of the cuts from last night, making me wince slightly. “Grrr-ahhha” he growls from pleasure again and leans over top of me, grabbing the other side of the table, pushing deep inside of me, pressing me to the table with his hot, sweaty body. I feel a wet warmth running across my back. It's his tongue. He's licking my back and sucking on me. I’m going to have hickeys all over my back. I want to cum all over his dick deep inside of me, but I need him to let loose first. “Fuck me! Fuck me till you cum inside of me! I want to feel you cum!” I scream my words filled with pleasure and pain.
All it takes is telling him I want him to cum in me, in seconds I feel him release himself deep inside of me, causing me to orgasm in a way I’ve never felt before. The pain has tightened my walls so tight around his dick, the orgasm is swallowing him deep inside of me not releasing him, holding tight around his dick, so he couldn't pull out even if he wanted to. 
He begins to kiss the back of my neck. “You have a tight hold on me.”
Reluctantly, my body loosens it's self from his dick.
He whispers, “I didn't tell you to stop.”
Smiling, I let my body hold on a little longer, feeling another orgasm approaching. I feel him move his dick inside me. Not in and out, but physically controlling the movement of his dick up and down inside me. “How are you doing that?” I ask, feeling a whole new kind of pleasure approaching.
“Lots of control.” I can feel him smiling against the back of my neck as he tells me this. “Will it make you cum all over again?”
“Oh, yes. Don't stop.” I roll my eyes from the building pleasure. “Yes, yes, don't stop. It feels so good. Aahh-ha!” Another unforgettable orgasm rushes my body, sending me into small, pleasing tremors. 
My body completely releases him from me, letting him pull out of me. He looks down at my back and says, “Oh, shit.” 
I sit up off the table. “What is it? What's wrong?”
“Your back. I’m so sorry. I reopened a few of the cuts on your back.”
I plop my naked butt down on the table and look at him, smiling, “It doesn't hurt. Don't worry about it.”
He zips up his pants, grabs his shirt from the floor, and wraps it around me.
Not that I care, I’m sitting here naked. I would get a heads-up before anyone was let in.
“That's not it Tori. I lost control. I could have really hurt you.” He's staring off into space now.
I frown at him and give him a cross look. Hopping off the table, I wrap my arms around him from behind. “Hey. I was the one who kept telling you to fuck me harder. If you were really hurting me I would have told you to stop.” I kiss his bare back multiple times.
“That's just it. If I was hurting you I don't know if I would have stopped.” He starts walking towards my front door. “I've got to go. I'll call you tomorrow.”
“Wait!” I say, grabbing him by the arm. “Don't go. I don't understand why you're so upset. It was an accident. I don't believe you would ever hurt me, Ryder.”
Removing my hand from his arm, he kisses me on my hand, looking deep into my eyes. “I would never hurt you on purpose. But I can't stay tonight. I have to go.”
I wrap his shirt around me tight, feeling really insecure. I feel like I’m in high school and I just lost my virginity to someone who just wanted to fuck me and leave. “If you have to go, then go. But don't leave here thinking you hurt me, because I would do it again in a heartbeat. You gave me a whole new kind of pleasure, and isn't that what you were worried about, that sex for me would never be as good off X?”
He smiles a half sexy smile at me, and kisses my cheek. “I really do have to go. I’m glad I didn't hurt you, and that I can still give you more pleasure than any drug could. I'll call you later.” He kisses me briefly on the lips and then almost runs out my front door.
I don't know what the fuck that was about, but I can safely say he just rewound a great night by leaving me here by myself.
Deciding it will make me feel better, I sit in the tub with a glass of wine, and the bottle next to it for easy access of refilling it. I'm really hoping to get my mind off Ryder leaving by watching some I Love Lucy re-runs and drinking my wine. But the longer I sit in here, the more it's bothering me. How could he possibly think if I told him to stop, he was hurting me that he wouldn't stop? Has he done something in his past to hurt a woman during sex? 
I've been sitting in my tub for over an hour and I’ve just about finished off my bottle of wine when I decide to call Ryder. 
Of course there is no answer. 
Dragging water through the house, I don't bother to grab a towel as I go to the wine fridge for a second bottle of wine.
A little over two hours in the tub. I’m all pruney and should get out, but I’m finally starting to relax, and just don't give a damn. 
I finish a second bottle of wine and climb out to get ready for bed, but not before drunk dialing Ryder one more time. 
His voicemail picks up again. “Ryder, it's Tori. I’m drunk and pissed off because you left me tonight. I don't know what the hell your problem is. If anyone should be embarrassed, it should be me. I let you fuck me so hard I was on the border of pain and pleasure. And I liked it! Maybe that's what your problem is, it bothers you that I liked that. Well, I didn't know I liked sex that rough. But I want to do it again. Only with you. I could never let any other man fuck me like that. Personally, I would like you to come back tonight, so we can do it again. I’m rambling because I’m drunk, but I’m going to bed now. And I’m going to bed naked, so if you change your mind, come back tonight and wake me up for some more rough sex.”
I end the call, laughing at myself. “I probably won't remember a damn thing I told him in that message. Oh, well. I don't care.”
I buzz Billy before climbing into bed naked. “Billy, if Ryder comes back over tonight, let him in. Don't wake me.” I slur my words to him.
“Yes, Ms. Lane. Have a good night.”
I’ve been lying in bed for a good hour, wide awake. I should be passed out by now with the two bottles of wine I’ve had. 
Wiggling my naked, drunk body out of bed, I head to my bathroom for some Benadryl. Not addictive, but helps me fall asleep on those rare occasions I can't fall asleep on my own. 
It's the middle of the night and there's a figure standing beside my bed. The soft glow from my fish tank shows me the outline what looks like my boyfriend.
“Ryder?” My words are slurred. Still drunk from all the wine. Possibly not even awake after the Benadryl. 
He nods with his eyes literally glowing in the dark.
“What's wrong with your eyes?”
He says nothing. He's looking me over, lying uncovered in the bed, naked.
I smile and ask, “Did you come over for more sex?”
He nods, climbing on top of me in the bed. I didn't notice because I was busy staring at his glowing eyes, but he's already naked. I can smell his cologne and a hint of something different. What it is I can't put my finger on it.
“Are you not going to talk to me?” I ask as he nuzzles my neck.
He shakes his head.
“Do you want me to talk?” I ask, not sure what his plans are for me. I vaguely remember telling him I wanted him to come back tonight for more rough sex. 
He nods yes, then sniffs my hair, nuzzling his nose into my hair, and rubbing his soft shaved cheek against mine. His genteelness is going to make it difficult for me to get in the mood for rough sex. 
Instead of rough sex, he's making me feel needed, sorta sexy. “Make love to me,” I whisper into the dark.
I feel him move his hands between my legs and very gently insert himself into me. He feels so good in me, on top of me, I don't care if I get off. I feel close to him physically and emotionally. The same way I felt the first time we made love.
I flip him over using my strength, not caring if it shows. I will blame it on the wine later if I have to. I straddle on top of him, inside me moving with poetry. 
He sits up, running his hands up and down my back, sucking on my nipple, making it hard. I tilt my head back, leaning my chest into his mouth. I can feel him dig his nails into my back, harder this time than in the kitchen, and it feels good.
“Do it again,” I say, bringing his lips to mine.
He digs his nails deeper into me, and I do the same to his back.
“Again,” I tell him. It's turning me on. I feel passion pushing out of his fingertips through my skin, into my body. Wanting and needing me.
I gently bite his neck, grazing my teeth over his salty skin. He moans at the feeling, so I do it again.
In a very deep, rough voice, more of a growl, he says, “Bite me. Hard.”
I do and he scratches down my back more, moving me slowly on top of him. Fulfilling his needs.
“Harder,” he tells me in the same voice.
We're making love, and it feels so good, not just physically. I’m emotionally, mentally, and spiritually tied to this man, and willing to give him whatever he wants. Whatever he needs. I bite harder, drawing blood. I can taste his blood in my mouth. I pull away, not meaning to have bitten that hard. 
With a gentle hand, he pushes my head back to his neck. “Don't stop.” 
I might as well be drugged, because this is not something I would normally do. Not something I would even consider.
“Please,” he begs me. “Please don't stop. This is something I want.” He makes it sound like what I wanted was earlier today, before he left.
I put my mouth back over his neck, over top of my puncture wounds and lick off the blood I caused. 
“Yes,” he whispers against my shoulder still in that deep voice. “Don't stop.” I feel his hips moving faster under me.
It turns me on when he shows me and tells me how good something feels. When he tells me not to stop. I suck hard on his neck, in taking his blood in my mouth. Surprisingly finding myself even more turned on. His blood doesn't taste horrible. It sorta tastes like a high tannin red wine. 
I’ve just figured out what the smell is I couldn't put my finger on that's blending with his cologne. It's blood. I can smell that tinny, rustic smell mixed with his cologne. But for some strange reason, it doesn't bother me.
I feel him move up to his knees while I’m still sucking on his neck. Feeling almost desperate to suck out his blood. He flops me down onto my back still inside me, my legs wrapping around his waist, my mouth latched onto his neck.
“Yes, Tori. Take me. Take all of me.” He's turning me on more, making me suck harder, wrap myself tighter around him. I feel him release his love inside of me. Pleasure, satisfaction, and love filling the room, and me. He moans, making me moan, and release my love around him. 
Our bodies slow, slightly still moving from the aftershocks.
He kisses me along my neck. His eyes are no longer glowing but I can tell he's staring into my eyes. With his normal sexy Ryder voice, he says to me, “I love you, Tori Lane.” He's the first to say I love you.
I feel a tear roll down my cheek, because I feel the same way. “I love you too, Ryder Seff.”
His voice is poetry. “I never knew I could love someone so much. Marry me.”
I hear myself gasp, holding a breath of air, not sure what to say or do.
He places a kiss on each cheek and a soft one on my lips. “I love you, Tori. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. Will you marry me?”
I let out the breath I'm holding, finding the words I couldn't say before. “Yes.” My smile is so big, my teeth must look like they are glowing from the soft glow of the fish tank lights. “Yes, I will marry you.”
I can see a big smile cross his face, too. He presses his lips to mine, kissing me with a real kiss. A kiss that will forever mean more now that I’ve said yes.
Chapter 23

The sunlight is shining bright through my open balcony door, letting in a nice warm breeze. I don't remember opening the balcony doors last night. After all that wine and the Benadryl, I don't remember much of anything. 
A thought rushes my mind, making me sit straight up in my bed looking around the room. Empty. Nothing changed. Nothing moved. My blankets are tucked up around my naked body, and Ryder is nowhere in sight. Was last night a dream? It had to have been. There were too many weird things about last night that just couldn't have happened. Ryder's glowing eyes, the deep voice, why was he already naked? Why did I smell a hint of blood on his body before I bit into his neck? Why would I have bit his neck so hard it started to bleed and then sucked the blood from his neck? I enjoyed it. I was turned on by swallowing his blood. But beyond being turned on from his blood, I also felt close to him. Physically and emotionally, soulfully. After last night I feel like we've just become true soul mates. What about the ‘I love you’ and the proposal?
That has got to be one of the most bizarre dreams I’ve had in a long time. Yet it felt so real. There's no way I could ask Ryder about it. Not only would he think I’m nuts, I would probably scare him off talking about marriage.
My cell phone sitting on my nightstand starts to ring Ryder's ringtone. “Hello?” I say, hesitating to have even answered.
“Uh oh. Someone's hung-over. Little too much wine, lover?” He sounds normal, like nothing happened. Last night or before he ran out of my house after the sex in my kitchen. 
“Surprisingly, no. I feel good. Tired, but thankfully not hung over. How much of an ass did I make of myself when I drunk called you?”
He chuckles. “Not too much of an ass. You just told me how you felt and that you liked it rough and wanted to do it again.”
“That's me, Ms. Truthful,” I reply, trying to recall everything I said into his voicemail last night.
“Tori, I’m sorry I left so abruptly after the great sex in the kitchen. I guess I felt terrible for reopening your cuts and I never want to hurt you. I felt like an ass and I didn't want to stay over feeling the way I did.”
“Ryder, I told you I enjoyed it.”
“I know. I just... I don't know. Being a construction worker, sometimes I forget my own strength. I guess maybe I was a little embarrassed.” I hear him laugh on the other end. “But from your message last night, it sounds like you were just as embarrassed as I was.”
“Me embarrassed? Naa-ha.” 
“You shouldn't be embarrassed. I’m worried I’m going to break you, so when you really got rough, it turned me on and I wanted it rough too.”
“Well, at least we're on the same page. We both like rough sex.”
“But only with each other.”
I laugh, remembering on the message I left him I saying I wouldn't have rough sex like that with any man but him.
“I was calling because I was wondering if you would want to meet me for lunch.”
“Lunch sounds good. I want to see you any chance I get. I was hoping you would have come back over last night.” Although the dream was so realistic, I won't be likely to forget it anytime soon. 
There's a short pause on his end. “I almost did. But I thought you sounded very drunk when I listened to your message. I figured you probably wouldn't wake up even if I was sucking on your nipple.”
I laugh. “Yeah, you're probably right. So where do you want to meet for lunch?”
“You could meet me at my office. We'll figure out what sounds good when you get there.”
“That sounds like a plan.”
“I'll text you the address. We share a building with an insurance company, so when you come in the main doors you'll see a door to my office and one to the insurance company.”
“I'm surprised you don't own your own building, being you're a successful owner.” I hope that didn't come across as snooty. 
He explains, “I do own the building. But we had unutilized space that I thought I would rent out, and it's been working out well for the past three years.” 
“That makes sense.”
“Okay, well hey, love, I got to get back to work. I'll see you later for lunch.”
“Okay. See you later.”
Laying back down, a thought pops in my mind. I made that fake resume for Ryder. Today may be a perfect day to make that fantasy come true.
I slept until an hour before needing to meet with Ryder. Giving me enough time to pick out my “interview clothes” and get dolled up. Standing in front of the mirror, I take a look at my back before climbing into the shower. Not a single mark left. The marks from Selene are completely gone. And now I know for sure last night didn't happen or I would still have some kind of mark on my back from telling Ryder to scratch my back harder. 
After showering, I dry and curl my hair, then put on my makeup. Rummaging through my closet, I’m trying to find the perfect outfit to fulfill my Ryder's fantasy. I pull out my white button-up dress shirt. The back of the shirt is laced like a corset. I'll wear a black lace bra and leave the buttons partially undone, showing plenty of cleavage. My black skirt, which has white pin stripes, looks sexy with this top. The skirt falls a little shorter than a thigh-length skirt, so just a little inappropriate for a real job interview. Maybe I'll put on a pair of stockings with garter straps. Nah, strike that, I don't want to wear any underwear, so he can have easier access. Instead I'll put on my stiletto heels that have really long laces. The laces crisscross all the way up my leg, tying off just below the skirt. I look myself over in the mirror, feeling really sexy. Before walking out the door, I remember to grab the fake resume. 
His office was really easy to find. I can see why he rents out space; this office building is way too big for someone who is in the construction business. 
I enter through the door that reads: SEFF CONSTRUCTION and I'm immediately greeted by Ryder's gorgeous receptionist. She has beautiful long wavy blondee hair and blue eyes. She's very busty, and has some of her cleavage showing. She looks very well-toned. Her skin looks flawless, and her makeup is done so beautifully, it looks like a professional did it. Her fingernails and toenails are painted a pretty light pink. I can see her long legs under the desk, she's probably about six foot tall. She could very easily pass for a model. 
I stop dead in my tracks, with my fake resume in my hand. I didn't think about his receptionist, and here I'm dressed like a complete slut. The nameplate on her desk shows me she also has a beautiful name. Dynasty.
Dynasty looks up at me with a big bright, white smile. “Good after noon. How can I help you?” 
I take a few steps forward toward her desk and quietly say, “Victoria Lane, I'm here to see Ryder.”
“Hi, Ms. Lane. Mr. Seff is expecting you,” she says in a very perky voice. That's a bit of a relief that he told her I was coming. She pushes a button on her phone and says, “Mr. Seff, Victoria is here to see you.” There no response on the other end, so she pushes the button again. “Mr. Seff?”
This time Ryder's voice comes over the intercom of the phone. “You mean Tori?” There's a strong sound of confusion in his voice.
This may have been a really bad idea. I nod yes to Dynasty, and she pushes the button again to say, “Yes, sir.”
“Send her right in,” his voice sounds more normal now.
Dynasty tells me with her perky voice, “Just go down the hall. His office is the last door at the very end of the hall.”
Wow, is his receptionist perky. I wonder if she's one of the nine Ryder has been with before me. Thinking about that being a possibility, I start to feel really self-conscious about my plan. I stop in front of his closed office door, trying to decide if I want to go through with this. After a moment’s pause I remind myself, Ryder has never told his fantasies to any other girlfriend. I want to be the one girlfriend who makes his every fantasy come true.
I open Ryder's office door and walk inside, closing the door behind me. He's signing off on a document. When he looks up at me, he starts to say, “Hi beauti...ful,” and then stops, dropping his mouth wide open.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Seff.” I walk with sexy swaying hips up to his desk, which is covered with tons of paperwork. “My resume,” I say, handing it to him.
Ryder has the most confused look on his face, as I hand him my resume. He can't take his eyes off me, but he's not saying anything. Finally he looks down at the piece of paper I just handed him. As he reads it over, I glance at the side of his neck I would have bit into last night. Not a single mark on him either. And I repeat, what a bizarre dream. 
The largest, beaming grin comes across his face. Ryder pushes a button on his phone, “Dynasty, leave for an hour lunch break.”
There's a long pause with no response from Dynasty. Finally she says very monotone, “Yes, Mr. Seff.”
“Victoria, please have a seat,” Ryder says to me, pointing to the chair in front of his desk. 
I sit down and cross my legs. Leaning sideways, I rest my elbow on the arm of the chair, letting my bicep slightly push my boob up a little, showing some of my black bra. 
He's smiling as big as a kid in a candy store. “So, Ms. Lane, tell me why are you interested in the construction business?”
This is obviously not a real interview, so I'm going to have a lot of fun with this. “I'm not interested in working for any construction company. Just Seff Construction.”
“Why Seff Construction?” he asks, still beaming with happiness.
I uncross my legs, and rest my hands on my knees, pushing my breasts together. “Well, Mr. Seff, I happen to have the biggest crush on you,” I bat my eyelashes at him. “I promise I'll work hard on you. I mean for you,” I say in a phone sex operator voice. “I'm willing to be at your beck and call. Your demand is my command. I'm willing to do anything to please you.” I look him up and down, in his chair.
I can see the star shape in his eyes starting to grow brighter. “I see. Well, I hadn't exactly planed on hiring anyone new right now.” He looks me up and down now. He finishes by saying in his sexy voice, “But maybe you could change my mind.”
I stand up, and walk over to his windows, swaying my hips again. I close the blinds on his windows then walk to his chair. I undo another button on my blouse then pull my breasts up over my bra. “Like what you see, Mr. Seff?” I ask still using the sex phone operator voice. 
He nods yes. 
Taking both his hands I place them on my breasts. I start kissing his neck, while he enjoys both hands full of my breasts. 
A shiver leaves his body from my kisses.
Kneeling down in front of him, I start to undo the button and zipper of his jeans, releasing his erection. I drag my nails down his chest, over top of his shirt, he lets go of my breasts and grabs the arms of his chair, as I take his large erection into my mouth. He lets out a soft, quiet groan, and then runs one hand through my hair. I push his erection deep into my mouth letting it reach the back of my throat. He groans again, this time a little louder. He moves his hips slightly, and I suck him harder. 
Suddenly he pulls me up off my knees and spins me around, so my back is to him. He runs his hands up my skirt and stops, realizing I'm not wearing any panties. “Ms. Lane, you seem to have forgotten your underwear. You're a very naughty girl,” his voice is steaming with lust.
I turn my head to look at him. “Tell me what you want. I'll be as naughty as you want me,” I say with the same steamy lust in my voice.
He pulls me down to his lap, his penis inserts instantly into my hot, wet pussy. “Ahha,” I say, as quietly as possible. I wrap my arms around the back of his neck, and he puts both his hands on my breasts again. He starts moving his hips up and down, under me. I move my hips slowly from left to right. 
He sits up straight behind me. Moving my hair to the side, he kisses the back of my neck. “I want to be deep inside you. Lean forward and grab your heels.” I do as I'm told, and instantly I can feel him move deeper inside of me. He removes one of his hands from my breast and puts a finger on my clit, rubbing it vigorously, as he thrusts himself deep inside of me. I can feel the building of my climax.
“Tell me what you want, Ms. Lane,” he says between heavy breaths.
“I want you, Mr. Seff. Fuck me harder,” I respond a little louder than planned.
“Shhh. The insurance office next door will hear you.” I can tell he's smiling as he tells me this.
Saying I'm sorry will only ruin the role playing, so instead I thrust myself harder into him. “Ahh, fuck,” he says, trying really hard to stay quiet. He stands up quickly, pulling himself out of me, and spins me around. He takes his hand and sweeps it across his desk, shoving his papers all across the floor of his office. He lifts me on top of his desk, shoving his hard erection back into me. I grab the back of his desk with the tips of my fingers, and place the end of my stiletto heel on the seat of the chair we were just fucking in. He puts his arm under my other leg and pulls me deeper into him. The pleasure from his deep penetration is breathtaking, it feels like the whole room is spinning around this desk. 
Still trying to keep role playing, he asks me, “How much do you want this job, Ms. Lane?”
“Not as much as I want you Mr. Seff.” It's getting harder to keep up the role playing, I can feel myself on the border of an orgasm that may make me scream. He moves his hips faster, making me let out a loud moan.
“Shh, or I'm going to have to stop.”
I open my eyes and look at him. “Don't you dare, or I will get loud, Mr. Seff.” He smiles at me, with his bright starry brown eyes, and puts his arm under my lower back, making my body arch, and my head tilt back. I can feel my orgasm climbing to the top. I start to scream, and he puts his hand over my mouth. “Shh.” He quiets me with his hand over my mouth as I scream into his hand. He pulls me up toward his chest as I continue to moan loud with pleasure. 
He bites my shoulder to quiet his own wailing pleasure.
Tension is released from our bodies, relaxing our desperate need of sex in the room.
He looks deep in my eyes, putting his hands on each side of my face, and kisses me. “I never should have waited so long for you. I should have taken you from Joseph, and had my way with you a long time ago. Just having you has made my biggest fantasy come true.”
“I would have willingly let you take me away, and have your way with me,” I say, before kissing him back. “So,” I say with slight hesitation. “Was that the kind of interview fantasy you were talking about?” I tuck my breasts back into my bra and button up my shirt, as he tucks himself away and buttons up his pants.
“Even better. That was... um, bewildering.”
“Nice choice of words,” I wink at him.
“So where would you like to go for lunch?”
I look down at my choice of clothing, “Crap, I was so excited about doing this for you I forgot about lunch.” 
He looks at me as if thinking, and your point is?
“I didn't bring a change of clothes.”
His eyes sparkling, he smiles his sexy smile. “What's wrong with what you have on? I think you look fucking hot.”
“You really don't care if I go out in public dressed like this?” A lot of men I know are so controlling over what their woman wears, so I'm very surprised by his response. 
He kisses me on the lips and then says, “As long as you're with me, and not going out by yourself, I don't mind if you dress like this. I'd like to show off my arm candy,” he smiles and puts his arm out for me to link mine around. “So, what sounds good to eat?”
“Anything's fine with me.”
He kisses my cheek as we walk toward the exit of his building. 
Thankfully, Dynasty is still gone, so at least I know she couldn't hear us. Then again, I kind of wish she did hear us. Just so she knows he's mine. 
“How about we go to a buffet? Then we can pick whatever sounds good,” he asks me, opening the door to his pickup truck.
“That sounds good to me.” 
He helps boost me up into his tall truck, letting his hand rub across my panty-less bottom, smiling at me mischievously. 
After climbing into the driver side, he takes my hand. “Thank you,” he says sincerely, kissing the top of my hand. “That was fun.” A big grin crosses his face. “But you're really going to have to practice being quiet if we're going to have sex within hearing range of people.” He puts the truck in drive, heading for the buffet. 
I slap him playfully. “It's not my fault. You make me loud. I’m vocal when sex is good.” And sex is always good with Ryder. He's my own personal drug. And I’m officially addicted. 
“What fantasy are you going to check off my list next?” he asks me in a bashful tone.
“I'll have to think about it,” I say, sliding over to the middle of the bench seat to sit closer to him. “But I'm not going to tell you what or when. That will take all the surprise out of it.”
He runs his hand up my leg and stops just before touching my still wet sex. “I can definitely say I was very surprised.” He runs his hand back down toward my knee. “I'm glad you did your little resume, or I would have had no idea what you were doing.”
“I kind of figured that.” I want him to rub his hand back up my leg again. It turns me on that he has easy access to my most sensitive sex-driven body part.
I stop to think about all the papers he pushed off his desk. “What's Dynasty going to think when she sees your office looking like a tornado just went through it?” I chuckle at the mess we left behind. 
He looks deep in thought. “I told her you are my girlfriend, so I bet she could assume what happened.” He grins at me and gives me a wink.
“Dynasty is very beautiful,” I say without even thinking.
He quickly looks at me, and I can see a small amount of worry or guilt in his eyes, before he quickly looks back at the road, but he doesn’t respond to my comment. 
I take a deep breath and ask him, “Is she one of your nine?” I don't think I really want to know. If he has been with her, I'll never be comfortable around her, or with the fact that she works for him, but it's too late my big mouth has already asked the question. 
We arrive at the buffet, giving him a chance to avoid my question. He jumps out of the truck, and comes to the passenger side to help me out. 
I'm going to assume since he's not answering me, the answer to my question is yes. Why the hell did I ever ask that?
The waiter shows us to our table. Never taking his eyes off me, he takes our drink order then says, “Help yourself to the buffet when you're ready,” he says it to me, as if Ryder isn't there.
Without speaking, Ryder and I go to the buffet and make our plate. I'm back at the table before he is. 
I start poking at my food, trying to think of a way to rectify this awkward situation.
He sits down at the table with his plate full of food, and he can see how uncomfortable I've become. He puts his hand on top of mine to stop me from poking at my potatoes. “The situation between Dynasty and me is really hard to explain.” 
I say nothing, hoping he will just finish telling me whatever it is that he knows is going to bother me. 
“Dynasty and I grew up together. We lived next door to each other, and our parents are best friends. Both our parents have been trying to get us together for years. They've pushed us together since before we were able to talk.” 
Yep, here it goes, I can feel my heart skipping with tension. How can I compete with someone so beautiful, and someone his parents want him to be with? 
“Tori, look at me,” he says, in a soft gentle voice. 
I don't want to look at him, I'm afraid if I do I may start to tear up. 
He lifts my chin, forcing me to look in his eyes. “Because our parents have forced us together, we have become really good friends. She's never thought of me as a lover, nor I her. But in an attempt to make our parents happy, we tried having sex, to see if there was any chemistry between us.” I'm not sure where he's going with this, but I'm listening. He moves from his chair across from me, to a chair next to me, and puts both his hands on mine. He leans in kind of close to me, so no one but me can hear what he's about to say. “Tori, I, um... this is really hard to say. I... I couldn't keep an erection.” 
I let out a huge sigh of relief and physically feel myself start to relax. “So you have absolutely no feelings for her?”
“No more feelings than I would have if she were my sister. No more than the same feelings you have for Dallas. We are good friends, but nothing more.” His tone seems completely honest.
I fidget with his hand holding mine. “What about her? Does she feel the same way?” 
“One hundred percent. She told me when we were lying naked together in the bed that all she could keep thinking was how wrong this was.”
“Well, I'm not happy she's seen my man naked. But you have no idea what a relief it is you couldn't keep an erection with her.” I give him a half-smile, trying not to be too obvious at how entertained I am by the problem he had. “At least I know you won't ever have that problem with me,” I say, smiling at him.
He kisses me and says, “Not in the slightest. I can't get enough of you. In fact,” he rubs one of his hands up my thigh, “you have no idea how badly I want to push this food onto the floor and fuck you on this table, just so all the guys who keep staring at you in here will know you're mine.” He kisses my neck, sending chills down to my sex. 
I run my hand up his leg, reaching his growing erection. “Want to go back to the truck?” 
He kisses my neck again. “Tempting, but you really need to eat something after all the wine you had last night. Let’s save that location for another time.” He smiles at me and pulls his plate of food toward him, and starts to eat.
I can't stop staring at him. If he can't be turned on by someone as beautiful as Dynasty, I should have nothing to worry about.
“What?” he asks me between a bite of food.
“I'm just amazed. Dynasty is beautiful. If I weren't with you, I'd try hitting on her,” I say, just trying to get a rise out of him. “And here you are sitting next to me, telling me you can't get enough of me.” I know I’ve grown into my body since high school, but sometimes I still feel insecure about my looks.
“First,” he says with a straight and very serious face, “You have no idea how beautiful you are. I'm captivated by your beauty. I could lose track of time and life staring into your beautiful emerald green eyes. No one I've ever met and nothing I've ever seen could ever compare in beauty to you.” He's such a sweet talker, but he makes me feel really good about myself. “Second,” he says, getting a big smile on his face, “Dynasty is what she calls strictly-dickly. She's not bi at all, so don't go getting any ideas,” he laughs a little after telling me this.
I laugh, too, and start eating my lunch.
“Got any plans later tonight?” he asks me after getting a dish of ice cream for dessert.
“Nothing I know of,” I answer before taking a bite of my banana cream pie. “Hopefully seeing you,” I add in, smiling.
“A bunch of us are going to Binks Drinks and Bubbahs Grub after work. You want to come along?”
“Will I be intruding on a guy’s thing?” I don't want to be a party crasher to guys’ night out.
“Not at all. Sometimes Dynasty comes, and some of the guys bring their wives. Some of them tell their wives it's just the guys, so they can have a night out alone. I would love for you to come, so I can show you off to my employees who haven't met you yet,” he says, smiling with hope that I'll go.
“Okay, sounds like fun. But I won't be wearing this to meet your employees,” I say, gesturing to my clothing.
“Aw, come on, you look hot.” He gives me a pouty face. 
Walking me to my car Ryder, tells me, “I'll pick you up at your place at a quarter to six.”
“Sounds like a plan. I'll see you then.”
He pushes me up against my car, pressing his body to mine to kiss me, making me weak at the knees. “Until tonight, beautiful.” He kisses me one more time and heads back into his office, leaving me breathless. I just know he did that on purpose. 
I climb into my car, feeling very happy and at ease. I made another one of Ryder's fantasies come true. He was honest about him and Dynasty, and I get to see him again tonight.
Before putting the car in drive, I notice an envelope stuck under my windshield wiper. I reach out my open window to grab the envelope without opening the door. 
The letter reads, “I'm so sick of my girlfriend talking about how she wants you back. It's because of you she tried to kill herself. I wish it were you who committed suicide. Watch your back, the first chance I get you'll be out of my girlfriend's life and mine forever. Once you're dead I'll have her all to myself and you'll become only a faded memory.”
The letter isn't signed but I know damn well who it's from, and I’m sick and tired of the threats. I’m going to put a stop to this right now. I pull out my cell phone, planning to call Bennett. Bennett is basically like my own personal private investigator and computer hacker in one. He can find out anything about anyone, right down to if they used to pick their nose as a kid. 
Bennett answers his phone on the first ring, as he always does when I call.
“I need you to get some information on Fayleigh's ex-girlfriend. Her name is Contessa Thompson. I want to know where she lives, where she works, her hours, where's she staying now, and where can I find her. When you get this information, call me.”
“I'll call you in an hour with the information,” replies Bennett with confidence.
With Bennett working hard on getting me the information, I make my drive home.
Flopping down on my sofa, I attempt to read my book while waiting to hear from Bennett. In exactly one hour, my phone starts to ring, the caller ID showing Bennett's name.
He tells me everything I asked to know, and that when I kicked Fayleigh out she moved back into her old condo. Bennett told me I can currently find Tessa staying at Fayleigh's condo as we speak. 
“Fayleigh's. I should have known.”
I thank Bennett for reporting everything to me and we hang up.
She's at Fayleigh's, I think to myself, feeling angry. I'm pissed that she's protecting someone who has tried to kill me. I’m even more pissed the cops aren't doing their job. They should have found her by now. Lucky for me, I’ve found her first.
Right away I leave the house to pay a visit to Tessa. 
Jumping into the Ferrari, I speed to Fayleigh's, not sure what my plan is when I get there. I'm just going by the seat of my pants here. When I woke up this morning, the last thing I had in my mind was tracking down Tessa. 
I pull up next to Tessa's white Escalade, parked in front of Fayleigh's condo. I can see by the front of the Escalade she did a lot of damage to her own vehicle when she rear-ended me. 
Before I can get out of the car, Fayleigh's opened the front door and is walking to me. I can't read the expression on her face. It's somewhere between happy to see me and oh shit, Tessa's inside.
I step out of the car and look Fayleigh over. She must be just getting home from work or heading out to work. Her hair and makeup are done nice and she's wearing a shirt with the salon's name on it.
Fayleigh's the first to speak. “Tori, what are you doing here?” Out of the corner of her eye she looks at Tessa's Escalade, hoping I don't ask whose it is. 
“I thought you would like to know the driver of this Escalade tried to kill me the day I left the hospital after seeing you. She also tried killing me during one of my stunts on the movie set. And she just left a threatening letter on my car before I came here.” 
Fayleigh has a shocked look on her face, but says nothing.
“It's only fair you should know the cops are looking for her. If she's found here, you could go to jail for hiding her. Even though they're obviously not trying real hard to find her, being I’ve found her first.” I’m mentally snickering and rubbing my hands together for finding her before the cops.
“I had no idea I was hiding her,” Fayleigh says with her eyes still wide with shock. “She told me her place was being fumigated for pests, and asked to stay with me for a little while.” She's starting to look paranoid that Tessa may come out here.
I put one hand on my hip. “Well, how do you like dating a liar and someone who has attempted to murder me not once, but twice?”
“We're not dating. Not really. I’ve been hoping you would ask me to come back. I miss you.” Fayleigh nervously plays with the ring on her finger.
“If you're not really dating, then you haven't slept together since you and I broke up, right?” I ask, already knowing the answer. Tessa wouldn't be calling Fayleigh her girlfriend if they haven't been sleeping together.
Fayleigh looks down at the ground, answering with no words.
“That's what I thought. We're never getting back together, Fayleigh, so move on.”
“Are we never getting back together because I cheated on you with Tessa when we were dating, or because your parents don't want you dating a woman?”
“We would never be in this position if you wouldn't have told them,” I point out to her.
“So it is because of your parents,” she decides her own answer.
“Fayleigh, I didn't come here to talk about you and me. There will never be a you and me ever again. But, I did come here to talk to Tessa. Where is she? I would love to talk with her,” I say in a sweet tone full of sarcasm. 
“I don't think...” Fayleigh starts to say before being interrupted by Tessa.
“Did you come here so I could finish what I started?” asks Tessa, walking towards us.
“You too much of a fucking pussy to just fight me?” I'm in fight mode now. I would love to knock this bitch out, and you can bet your ass I'm going to.
“Me a pussy?” she asks, as if someone who's tried to kill you is far from a pussy.
“Then let’s go, bitch! I'm going to knock your teeth down the back of your throat!”
“Tessa, please don't fight Tori,” pleads Fayleigh. 
Fayleigh has no idea about my second life, but she does remember me beating the shit out of a guy who tried forcing himself on her in front of me. Fucking pig thought it would turn me on to fuck my girlfriend in front of me.
“Stay out of this, Fayleigh, that bitch need to be taught a lesson,” says Tessa, pointing a finger at her. 
“How cute, you actually think you're going to teach me a lesson.” She took her sweet ass time walking up to us, and now that she's standing in front of me, she’s procrastinating the fight. “If you're feeling froggy, bitch, leap. I'll let you have the first hit.” For some reason it seems to throw people off when you tell them to hit you first.
Tessa hesitates to hit me, so I put my hands up and make a “bring it on” motion. She doubles up her fist and punches me with all her strength in my cheekbone.
Her hit didn't even make me wobble. I smile really big at her, knowing it's my turn now. 
She holds fear in her eyes, knowing if I can take a hit, I must be able to fight.
I take a step forward, gripping the pavement with my foot as I under cut her in the gut with my fist. She grabs her stomach, doubling over and drops to the ground, landing on her knees, puking on herself.
“Oh, no you don't, I'm not done with you. You think you can try to kill me, and after I punch you in the gut we're even now? I don't think so.” I very rarely fight people. I know I can scare a newborn vampire with my anger, so Tessa must be terrified. 
I grab Tessa by the back of the neck and force her to stand. “You want to try again, Tessa? Maybe your second hit will move me.”
“No,” she sputters her vomit breath at me. “I'm done. I'm done. I don't want to fight you.”
My anger is built so high, I feel out of my body. Ready to watch the fight from the sidelines. “Too bad I want to fight you. Maybe you'll think twice about ever trying to kill me again.” I backhand her in the jaw, feeling her lower jaw shift against my hand, as a tooth comes flying out of her mouth. I give her one more gut-wrenching blow to the gut with my foot as she hits the ground a second time. I reach down to pick her up, so I can knock her down a third time.
Fayleigh grabs me before I can reach for Tessa again, who's lying on the ground, and passed out cold. “Tori, please stop!” she begs me, crying. “You're going to kill her!”
I look at Tessa lying on the ground. I can feel myself coming back to reality. I could kill her if I wanted; but that's not me. That's not who I am. I'm a vampire assassin, not a murderer, and Tessa is no vampire. 
Everything is coming back into focus and I can see I’ve gone too far. In a rushed voice, I say, “I'm sorry,” to Fayleigh, before jumping back in my car and speeding out of sight.
I punch the steering wheel, completely appalled with myself. I let my anger take over, and lost focus of all sensibility. 
I hate fighting humans. I can't control my strength, or my anger.
I should have stopped after I made her puke on herself. 
The devil's on one of my shoulders and an angel’s on the other. The devils telling me, “If you would have stopped after punching her in the gut, she wouldn't have been as scared of you. Now she's going to be terrified, and she'll never try to kill you again. She deserved everything she got.”
The angel's telling me, “Tori, you could have killed her. You're a vampire assassin. You should never raise your hand to a human again.”
“I can't never raise a hand to another human,” I argue with myself. “That guy who tried to force himself on Fayleigh deserved to be beaten bloody. I would do it again if I have to.” 
Okay, I'm losing it. I'm arguing with myself. I just need to get home, maybe take a hot bath or a nap. That will make me feel better.
Chapter 24

I do feel a lot better after taking a nap. Not as disgusted with myself for letting my anger get out of hand. I have an hour to get ready before Ryder picks me up. I jump in for a quick shower before doing my makeup. Then I rummage through my closet, while scrunching my hair, for that natural curly look. Ryder wants to show me off to his employees, I want to dress sexy, but definitely not as sexy as I was for my “interview” with him. I decide on a pair of tight-fitting, white straight-legged jeans. They make my ass look really good and I can't wear underwear with them, which I know Ryder will really like. I put on my black, figure-fitting shirt that hangs off both shoulders, and shows some cleavage. I choose to wear a pair of black knee-high, high-heeled boots, going over top of the white pants to finish the outfit. 
Just as I'm zipping up the back zipper to my last boot, I hear my sexy Adonis knock on the door. 
I open the door, and can immediately smell his intoxicating cologne. I jump up, wrapping my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist. “Quickie before we go?” I say, half joking, half serious. I just can't get enough of this man. I'm completely addicted to him.
Without question, he makes his way back to my bedroom, smiling. I unwrap my legs around him, giving him the ability to unbutton my jeans and pull them down to my boots. He gives me a gentle push back onto the bed. With my legs tight together from the jeans, he lifts them up and lays them both on his right shoulder. No foreplay needed, I want him in me now. He unbuttons his jeans and thrusts his hard erection into me. I feel so tight around him in this position, it only takes the insertion of his penis to make me orgasm. I must feel really tight to him, too, because it only takes him two hard thrusts for his own orgasm. 
That almost takes quickie to a new level.
He pulls out of me and pulls me up off the bed to kiss me. “You're full of surprises today, Ms. Lane.”
“What can I say?” I shrug my shoulders. “I'm addicted to the high, intense pleasure you give me.”
He wraps his arms around me and says, “And I'm addicted to you.” He starts to button my pants back up for me. “I think I like that position. All I had to do was put my hard rock penis into you and you had a wet orgasm all over me,” he says in an erotic voice.
I start to button his pants for him. “Keep talking dirty to me and we may not make it to the bar.” I kiss his Adam’s apple and he intakes a deep breath.
He takes a step back from me looking, me up and down. “I didn't get to say anything before you jumped me at the door. You look drop-dead gorgeous. I’m really liking the boots.”
I look him up and down. He's wearing a pair of faded blue jeans, with a few purposely made worn-out holes, a black T-shirt and a pair of black shoes. “You look pretty gorgeous yourself.”
He rolls his eyes at me. “There's nothing special about these clothes. I just took a quick shower and threw them on.”
“You're in them, that makes them special,” I say, being a smartass.
He puts his arm around my shoulder. “Let’s get going, or the guys are going to start blowing up my phone, wondering where I am.”
He takes my hand before walking into Binks Drinks and Bubbahs Grub. A mother and son look to be setting up their equipment for karaoke night. Ryder's group of employees are at a big table toward the back of the bar, with pitchers of beer between every three people. At quick glance it looks like there's about 15 people there. I look around the bar and see Dynasty standing next to the pool table talking to another gal, and unconsciously I slightly tighten up.
Ryder looks over at me and immediately sees who has just made me tense up. He stops walking toward the table of employees and turns to look at me. “Tori, you have absolutely nothing to worry about,” he tilts my chin up so he can look into my eyes. “I promise you,” he says with pure honesty. 
I smile at him, trying to reassure him I'm fine.
“Let me introduce you to her,” he begins to pull me toward Dynasty.
I so don't want to meet this woman. She's seen my man naked. Can I slap her just for that? She would have no idea why I just slapped her and I might laugh.
“Dynasty, I would like you to meet my girlfriend, Tori,” Ryder says to her, putting his arm around my waist. 
She hesitates a heartbeat then smiles and puts her hand out for me to shake. “Do you prefer Tori or Victoria?” she asks, remembering when I came into the office this afternoon I said Victoria. She doesn't sound as perky as she did earlier today. Still too perky for me, but she's toned it down a little. Maybe she had a long day at work, picking up all the papers Ryder pushed onto the floor. 
I shake her hand with a firm grip and look at Ryder, smiling about my “interview” with him, then back at Dynasty. “I prefer Tori. I was just trying to throw Ryder off earlier.”
“Since it took him so long to respond, it sounds like you did,” she giggles a little. “Well, it's a pleasure to officially meet you. Ryder hasn't stopped talking about you since the class reunion.”
He gives her a look that says, shut up. “I just wanted to introduce you to Tori before I introduced her to the rest of the guys. We can chat more later.” He pulls me away from Dynasty toward the table at the back of the bar with all his employees.
“You talked to her about me?” I'm not sure if this should bother me, or if I should be flattered. At least he's thinking of me.
“Well, yeah,” he says with an uncertain voice. “I can't say we're best friends, but we did grow up together. So she does know a lot about me, and once we officially decided we didn't have a sexual attraction toward each other, we both started introducing each other to the person who has caught our eye. Or in your case, the one who has swept me off my feet.”
“Aw. That's so sweet. You've swept me off my feet too; in more ways than one,” I say with a big grin, and nudging him with my arm. I'm trying really hard to not let Dynasty get to me. She does seem like a nice person, and I have to remind myself, Ryder couldn't stay hard when they planned on having sex. I laugh a little inside. “So you two grew up together, and she knows a lot about you, but you're not best friends?” I'm just trying to learn a little more about Ryder. After all, he does know who my best friend is. “If she's not your best friend, do you have a best friend?” I ask, arching an eye brow.
“Sure I do. Wolf is my best friend,” he says, slightly enthusiastic about it.
Oh yeah, I vaguely remember Wolf saying he's Ryder's best friend when I met him at the jobsite. “What's Wolf's real name?” 
“His name is Wrangler, but we call him Wolf.”
“How long have you and Wolf been friends?” I ask out of curiosity. 
“We've been friends since he moved next door to Dynasty, senior year.”
“Did he go to our school? I’ve never seen him before?” 
“No, Wolf was homeschooled.”
After he says Wolf's name again, someone puts his arm around Ryder, pulling him slightly away from me. 
Grinning from ear to ear, Wolf says to Ryder, “Telling lies about me to this pretty thing?”
Ryder turns to look at Wolf. “Speak of the devil.”
Wolf seems like a naturally outspoken person, or if he's already had a few beers, maybe he just doesn't think before he talks. I’m going with the first one, remembering how he acted the first time I met him.
“Ready to let loose and have a few drinks, Tori?” he asks with his arm still around Ryder. “It is Friday night,” he points out.
“I'm already loose. I just need a drink,” I point out.
Wolf and Ryder crack up laughing together. 
Was it something I said? Then it clicks. “Very funny, guys. Yeah I’m totally loose.” They turned my comment into a slut joke. 
“I like her,” Wolf says to Ryder. “She not uptight like that last bitch you were dating.” My eyes widen at his comment. “Trust me, Tori, that girl was a bitch.” He and Ryder share a deep, inside laugh. “Let’s get those empty hands a beer,” says Wolf to us. He looks at me with sort of a stern face. “You do drink beer, right?”
“Hell yes I drink beer,” I respond back with a “duh” expression. 
He looks at Ryder again. “Yep, she's a keeper, dude.” Wolf hands us both a beer. “Pizza should be up any minute.”
“Great, I'm hungry. How about you, Tori?” Ryder asks.
I look him up and down, smiling, and say, “I could eat.”
A sexual smile hits Ryder's face. “Maybe we can break in my truck later,” he says, raising his eye brows up and down. 
I give him a playful smack on the ass.
“Let me introduce you to everyone,” Ryder tells me. “Everyone, I would like you to meet my girlfriend, Tori.”
In unison everyone says, “Hi, Tori.” Ryder doesn't tell me anyone's name. I guess they are 'everyone' for tonight. It's probably a good thing he doesn't tell me all their names. I know I wouldn’t remember them all. 
From the back, I hear someone say, “It's about time we've got to meet one of your girlfriends.” This guy I have met, briefly.
Tom was at the mansion I helped Ryder with. I wonder if his wife Sara is around here?
“Yeah, yeah, Tom, have another beer.” Ryder looks at me and whispers in my ear, “None of the others have been worth introducing to my employees.” Then he kisses me on the side of my head.
My Adonis has a way with words. 
I down my second beer, and fill a third glass as the pizza finally comes out. Everybody digs in and grabs a seat.
I ask Ryder, “How did Wolf get his nickname?”
“Sometimes he howls like a wolf when he's having fun or when he's drinking. Plus it just suits him. He's outspoken and doesn't give a damn about what people think of him.”
“I can definitely see that. Can I assume because of his outspoken personality he doesn't have a girlfriend?”
“Wolf doesn't have a girlfriend, he has multiple girlfriends. I guess some women just like that asshole type.”
I roll my eyes at that thought. “I am definitely not one of those women.” 
Wolf is sitting by us, but hasn't been listening to our conversation. “So, Tori, what do you do for a living?” asks Wolf with a mouthful of food.
“I'm a stunt double in the movies,” I answer before taking another bite of my pizza.
“What a fun job,” says Dynasty, in her light perky voice.
I enlighten the table on my job, as everyone eats and drinks their beer. In the background I can hear the mother-son karaoke team starting up.
“Do you do karaoke?” Dynasty asks me.
I shrug my shoulders. “I've never been out when karaoke's going.”
“Really,” she replies with amazement. “Can you sing?”
“Hell yes she can sing,” shouts Ryder over the music in the background. I instantly turn my head and look at him in shock. When has he ever heard me sing? “Tori used to be in all our high schools plays. She's got an amazing voice.” I had no idea he had ever heard me sing in one of the plays. Matter of fact, I had no idea he had ever attended a play. “She could have easily gone on to be a professional.” He sounds very satisfied by pointing this out.
“You must sing,” says Dynasty with a big grin. “I would love to hear your voice.”
My heart starts to race a little. “Oh, I don't know. I haven't sung in front of an audience in a long time.”
“I'm not the best singer, but I love to sing,” she states as if it's no big deal. I look at Ryder and he's nodding his head in agreement to her not being the best singer. “If I get up there and sing, will you?”
Persistent thing. “I'll think about it. Maybe after a few more beers I'll have a little liquid courage.”
“You need some liquid courage?” Wolf's been listening to Dynasty trying to talk me into singing. “I'll get you some liquid courage. Four shots of Patron,” he shouts to the waitress. 
I guess it's a good thing I like hard alcohol. I look at Ryder, who hasn't taken his eyes off me. “You really should sing,” he encourages me.
“I didn't know you ever came to one of my plays.” I'm just astounded by this.
“One? I came to all the plays you've ever been in.”
“Yeah right,” I say, amused by his fib.
Ryder starts listing off all the plays I’ve ever been in. My jaw drops wide open as I listen to him listing every single play, and not missing one. 
He gently closes my dropped jaw. “I told you, I’ve liked you for a long time,” he says in his sexy voice.
“You have no idea how badly I want you right now,” I whisper to him, not sure if he can hear me over the music.
The waitress sets the four shots of Patron in front of us. We pick up our shot glass and Wolf shouts, “Here's to you, here's to me, if you die before me, fuck you it's all for me.” We toss back our shots. Patron's not my favorite hard liquor, but unlike Dynasty, I didn't take a drink of my beer to chase it down with. “This girl's hardcore,” Wolf shouts to Ryder. 
“She keeps me hard,” Ryder says, loud enough so only I can hear him.
“Let’s get a round for everyone at the table,” shouts Wolf to the waitress. 
I really didn't plan on getting drunk tonight, but it looks like I'll be on my way there after this next shot.
The waitress starts unloading her tray full of shots of Patron onto our table. I can hear a couple of the guys grumbling about taking the shots. They have to work tomorrow and they don't want to get drunk.
“Hey, if you don't want your shot, push it down here. Ryder and I will take it,” hollers out Wolf to everyone.
Ryder and Wolf each end up with four shots of Patron in front of them, and one extra. Good thing they're big guys. That's a lot of alcohol. Wolf pushes the extra toward me. “Here. You can take two shots in a row, can't you, Tori?”
I can, but that doesn't mean I want to, but I will because, for some odd reason, I want to impress Wolf and Ryder. “Yeah, I'll take the extra,” I say, trying not to show how unenthused I am. 
No chant this time before taking the shots. Ryder and Wolf throw back their four shots, one right after the other. Slamming each shot glass down onto the table, racing each other to be the first to finish his four shots.
“Haaauuuuooooo,” Wolf howls. Now I can see where he gets his nickname. He sounds just like a howling wolf. 
“Your ass better be to work on time tomorrow,” Ryder states to Wolf.
“Don't worry your pretty little head. I'll be there. I'll be there with bells on,” jokes Wolf.
“You have to work on a Saturday?” I ask Ryder, feeling bummed. 
“Yeah, but I have Sunday off. I was hoping you would want to spend the whole day with me Sunday.”
“Of course I would.”
I watch as the mother and son karaoke team start to sing a love song together. “Kind of weird singing a love song with your son, don't you think?” I say to Ryder.
Ryder and Wolf look at each other and begin to laugh. “That's not her son,” Ryder says to me. “That's her boyfriend,” he begins to laugh again.
“She's a cougar,” states Wolf, still laughing.
How odd. I’ve heard people joke about cougars, but I’ve never seen one. She looks to be in her forties and he looks to be in maybe his mid-twenties. 
“Dance with me, Ryder,” Dynasty says in almost a demanding voice.
Ryder looks at me, worried about my reaction. “Oh, I think I'll stay here with Tori.”
“Tori won't mind. Will you, Tori?” Before I can answer, she's pulling Ryder to the dance floor.
Actually Tori does mind, I think to myself. I watch Dynasty wrap her arms around my man, and I can feel my hand folding into a fist. I shouldn't be jealous. Ryder promised I have nothing to worry about, but I’ve never felt this way about anyone, the way I feel about him. He has a magic that pulls me to him, like sunrays to a red-headed child. I know now that Fayleigh didn't have even half of my heart. 
Okay, I think to myself. I can let them dance one dance together, and I'll take this opportunity to eavesdrop on their conversation. I’m so glad I’ve figured out how to tune out my sensitive hearing when I don't want to hear everyone talking in my head.
“So what do you think?” Ryder asks Dynasty. “You obviously pulled me away from her for a reason.”
“Well, I noticed you have protection on her now.” 
What's that mean? Protection on me? 
“And?” Ryder asks in an impatient tone.
“And I think you were really stupid for bringing her here. What if your brother shows up here? You know he would go straight to your parents about this.” Dynasty continues by saying, “What if my parents show up here? I hope she's worth the risk.” 
Ryder told me their parents have been trying to get them together since they were kids, but I don't understand why it's such a big deal.
“She is worth the risk. I’ve liked her for a really long time. Now I finally have her, and I have no intention of letting her go.” 
“Are you willing to give up your other life, your family, and friends for her?” 
What a bizarre question. What's his other life, and why would he have to give up his family and friends to be with me? 
Ryder doesn't hesitate to tell her, “Yes. I know we haven't been dating long, and we're still getting to know each other, but I really think she's the one. She already knows things about me no one else does.”
“Even me?” Dynasty sounds a little heartbroken by his comment.
“Yes, Dynasty. Not even you know the things she knows.” He must mean his fantasies, as he said, he's never told anyone else before.
“Well, I'm really happy for you.” She doesn't sound happy. “She seems genuine, and you two look really good together.” That sounded truthful. 
The cougar and her boyfriend finish their love song, and I hear them call Dynasty’s name over the mic. 
“Looks like I'm up,” she says, leaving Ryder and walking to the stage. 
“Dynasty is singing ‘“I'm So Into You”’ by The Atlanta Rhythm Section,” announces the cougar. 
Ryder sits back down by me, and I look at him wide-eyed. That's a slow song. “If she knows she's not a good singer, why wouldn't she pick a more upbeat song?”
“Dynasty doesn't care that she's not a good singer. She just loves to sing. No one's ever booed her off the stage before, so I'm sure she's not worried about it.”
Dynasty reads the first lines of the song, and it makes me think of Ryder at the class reunion. Dynasty's not a terrible singer. I’ve heard worse. She would never win a talent show, but for a karaoke singer, her voice is tolerable. 
When she starts in on the main chorus of the song, Ryder takes my hand, pulling me to the small dance floor. He pulls me in tight to his body, dancing with me very sensual and erotic. Nothing like how he was dancing with Dynasty. I should get him to strip for me. I bet he could dance as well as 'Magic Mike'. I know he looks as sexy as him.
“Are you having fun?” he asks me.
“Lots. I've never been out during a karaoke night.” I won't say this to Ryder but, excluding Dynasty being here, I'm having a lot of fun.
“Will you sing?” Ryder asks me with a pouty face. “You could sing something to me. I'll stand right up front, so you don't have to look at anyone else.”
The three shots of Patron and the beer has kicked in now. I’ve been told I have a voice similar to Mariah Carey. Just similar, there's only one Mariah Carey, and I love being told I sound like her, she's my favorite female singer. “I think I could find something to sing for you,” I say, smiling devilishly. “Will you sing?” I ask, wondering what kind of singing voice he has.
“I can't sing, therefore I don't,” he replies. 
Dynasty finishes singing, and we stop dancing. I grab one of the binders sitting by the cougar, which has a list of all the available karaoke songs. 
Dynasty joins us back at the table, and I decide to play nice. “You did good. You're not that bad of a singer.”
She smiles at me and says, “Thank you.” She refills her glass with beer and asks me, “Are you going to sing?”
“Yeah. Ryder gave me the pouty face and I gave in.”
She claps her hands together, excited to hear me sing. “They don't have much current music. What are you going to sing?”
“That's okay, my favorite music is anything from the 80s and the 90s,” I say, flipping through the binder. “I told Ryder I would sing a song to him. If they have it, I think I have the perfect song picked out.” I don't want to share what song I'm looking for. As soon as I’ve found it, I write down my name and the song on a small piece of paper, and handed it in. 
After another person sang, the cougar's boyfriend calls Wolf to the stage to sing. 
This should be interesting. I don't see Wolf as a singer.
“Wolf will be singing ‘“If You Want It To Be Good Girl Get Yourself A Bad Boy”’ by the Backstreet Boys.”
Oh, that's just too funny. Someone like Wolf singing a Backstreet Boys song. At least it's a really fun, upbeat song.
Wolf isn't too bad of a singer either. I could see him and Dynasty doing a duet together.
Ryder pulls me to the floor again. This time dancing like he did with me at our class reunion, to the song “Too Close.” At least this time I don't care who is watching us. During the last chorus of the song Ryder gives me a sex pumping action.
Oh yeah, he could absolutely, beyond a doubt, definitely dance like 'Magic Mike'. It's so fucking hot, I want him to throw me over his shoulder like a caveman and take me to his truck right now. “You'll have to dance like that for me later, when there's no one around,” I say, extremely turned on.
“I could arrange that,” he smiles his drop-dead, sexy smile.
“Can we get Tori to the stage,” says the cougar, as Wolf leaves the stage.
“You better stand right here.” I put Ryder in front of the stage. “I'm singing this for you.”
He has a smile of anticipation on his face. “I can't wait to hear you sing. It's been more than five years since I’ve heard you sing.” 
“Tori will be singing ‘“I'm Your Baby Tonight”’, by the late, great Whitney Houston.”
Even with the lights shining in my eyes, I can see Ryder smiling from ear to ear. There's a reason I have this song set as his ringtone. I hope he listens to the words of this song, because it's exactly how I feel about him.
As I begin to sing, I can see the faces of a few people whose jaw about hit the floor. A few people move closer to the stage. Some of the people in the back stand to get a better look at me over the person in front of them. 
At the main chorus of the song, I jump off the stage, grabbing Ryder's hand. Swaying my hips, I sing my favorite part of the song.
By the time I've finished the song, everyone in the bar is standing to see over the person standing in front of them, trying to get a better look at me. Everyone starts clapping and whistling. I forgot how good it feels to sing on a stage. I think to myself, take that, Dynasty.
Ryder's holding my hand as we walk back to our table. I hear random complements around me, “Great job. That was amazing.”
“Damn, girl! What were you afraid of? You're a fantastic singer,” voices Wolf.
“That was sooo good,” Dynasty says to me in awe. “You could almost pass for Mariah Carey's voice.”
Ryder gives me a kiss. “I told you she was good enough to sing professionally.” He kisses me again. “I liked the song choice.” He smiles at me with a look of love in his eyes.
“Good, I picked just for you. I was hoping you were listening to the lyrics.”
“Baby, I heard every word.” He has a look of passion in his eyes. He is my ecstasy.
I didn't see Sara earlier, but now I hear her telling Tom she's going out for a cigarette. I'm fairly sure he didn't hear her, because he just kept on talking to the guy sitting next to him. I watch as she walks toward the back door, which exits to the alley. This is a small bar and it's really packed in here. Before looking away, I notice a guy follow Sara out the door. I didn't get a good look at his face, but I can tell something just isn't right. 
“You want to get out of here; go back to my place?” Ryder asks me, with other plans in mind.
“After I use the restroom. I'll be right back,” I tell Ryder. He gives me a nod, and I make my way toward the restroom, making a right out the front door instead. I quietly walk along the side of the building toward the alley. 
With my acute hearing, I can hear as clear as if I were in a library talking to someone who doesn't know how to whisper.
I hear a man’s voice saying, “Look deep in my eyes. You're under my power now. I will take blood from you, and you will not scream, you will not move.”
Quickly, I run over to the nearest car, and pop a hubcap off of it. In a flash I'm in the alley, whipping the hubcap out of my hand like a Frisbee, decapitating the bloodthirsty vampire before he can sink his fangs into Tom's wife. Instantly, the vampire turns to ashes.
Sara is leaning against the building. She's as still as a mannequin, just staring at the dumpster in front of her. I kick the ashes around at her feet hoping the wind will blow them further away. I notice right away a small cut on her chin. The chrome hubcap must have grazed her chin when I decapitated the vampire. Taking in and letting out deep breaths, I release all my negative energy, my adrenalin, and prepare to re-hypnotize Sara. If the vampire was hypnotizing her just to feed, then once he was finished, he would have set her on her merry way as if nothing happened. To Sara she would have just got outside. In a way time stops to a person who has been hypnotized by a vampire. They just pick up where they left off once the vampire breaks them out of hypnosis. I never figured it out until Selene told me about vampire saliva. There are never marks from a vampire bite. Their saliva must seal the holes and heal them fast. 
My immortal gift to hypnotize allows me to break the vampire’s hypnosis the same way a vampire can. “Vampires do not exist,” I say to Sara in a smooth, calming tone. “You’re going to smoke your cigarette, go back inside, and continue to have a fun night. Nothing tonight has changed.” I pick up one of her hands to look at her nails. She has long, natural finger nails.
“If someone asks what happened to your chin, you'll tell them you scratched yourself when you were lighting your cigarette.” I give myself a moment for my eyes to turn back to normal, then head for the front door. 
Before reaching the front door, I hear a guy say, “I know you want me. You can't deny it.” Sounds like Wolf. Ryder did say he's got many girlfriends. Peeking around one of the parked cars, I see Wolf pressing himself up against Dynasty, who's leaning on a car.
“Why deny it?” Dynasty asks, wrapping her arms around Wolf's neck. 
I see Wolf open the back door to the car and climb in on top of Dynasty.
All at once I’m released of any worries I had. Why didn't Ryder tell me Dynasty and Wolf are together? I wouldn't have been feeling so paranoid. Unless, it is possible Ryder doesn't know. 
Sitting back down at the table next to Ryder, I wonder if I should tell him about Wolf and Dynasty? Does it really matter?
“Did you get lost in there?” Ryder asks me.
Took the long way around, and forgot to stop at the bathroom, I think joking to myself. “Long line,” I reply.
I see Sara come back in through the back door. She sits down next to Tom, smiling and as happy as she was before she went outside. 
“Was Dynasty in line for the bathroom too?” asks Ryder, looking around.
I can't tell him I was outside. “I saw her and Wolf walking out together, holding hands.” I added the holding hands because what I saw was much more than just holding hands.
Ryder's eyes look like they're about to pop out of his head. “What!” He jumps up out of his seat, letting the chair fall backwards behind him, heading straight for the front door.
Clearly he had no idea about Wolf and Dynasty. I follow Ryder outside, who, by his walk, looks absolutely pissed. I don't understand why he would be pissed. I would think he would be really happy. 
Chapter 25

Ryder stomps up to the car I saw Dynasty and Wolf climbing into together. Ryder whips open the back door and yanks Wolf out. Looks like they went for a quickie, because Wolf has everything tucked back into his jeans, just his button is undone. I can see Dynasty pulling down her skirt, as she climbs out of the car. 
“What the fuck, dude?” Ryder yells at Wolf. “You don't get enough tail, so you got to fuck what's mine! You're a fucking male slut!” 
What the fuck kind of comment is that? Why would Ryder say Dynasty is his? Is he just trying to ease me into a relationship with him and Dynasty? 
Wolf punches Ryder full-force in the face, knocking him to the ground. “She's not yours!” he howls. “I was going to tell you!”
Ryder jumps back to his feet and punches Wolf back, giving him a bloody nose. The two guys start rolling around on the gravel, punching the shit out of each other. Dynasty's trying to pull them apart. 
I'm stunned, I feel like someone has just knocked the wind out of me. I don't understand how he could tell the same woman he's fighting over that he thinks I'm the one. I feel an overwhelming amount of dejection hit me. Dynasty's struggling to pull the two guys apart. I can't watch this anymore. Let them tear each other’s heads off. Clearly there is something more fucked up than I want any part of for me to stay here and wait for my man to finish fighting over another woman. 
I start walking home, feeling a tear roll out of the corner of my eye. I wipe away the tear, and now I'm even more upset. I don't cry, but since Ryder and I’ve started dating, tears are finding their way out way too easy. I sure as hell won't cry over any guy. I pull my phone out of my back pocket and speed dial Dallas.
Dallas answers in a sleepy voice, “Tori, it's late. Is everything okay?”
“Dallas, can you come pick me up?” I'm trying really hard to hold back tears, and keep my voice from cracking.
Dallas knows me too well by now. “You're crying! Where are you? I'm on my way!”
I tell him the directions to Binks Drinks and Bubbahs Grub. I can hear Dallas slam the door to his house and then slam the door to his car.
“What happened? Are you hurt?” Dallas asks, refusing to hang up till he reaches me.
I give Dallas a quick rundown on my night.
“That bastard. If that Wolf doesn't beat the shit out of him, I will.” 
Dallas's comment makes me laugh. He knows if I wanted to, I could beat the piss out of Ryder myself. Even though he knows I can handle my own, Dallas likes to be my protector when I'm upset. “Thanks, I feel a little better.”
“Girl, I'm serious. No one fucks with you and gets away with it.”
“I'll be okay. I haven't had my heart broken since Joseph dumped me, but I got over it, and I'll get over this. It just may take me longer to get over Ryder. He's a smooth talker. He told me everything I wanted to hear, but I guess it just wasn't meant to be. And I don't want any part of whatever is going on with those three.”
“No, you don't need to be in any part of whatever is going on with them.”
There's a truck that sounds like Ryder's speeding down the road toward me. I look behind me and I can tell right away by the blue running lights, it's Ryder's truck.
“Shit,” I say into the phone. “Ryder's about to pull up beside me.”
“I'm two blocks away. You tell him to fuck off, you don't need him, and you don't want him.”
Continuing to walk, I don’t turn back to look at him.
Ryder jumps out of his truck and runs up to me. His clothes are torn, and there are little splatters of blood on them. He has a big gash under his eye from where Wolf punched him. “Tori, I’ve been looking all over for you. Where are you going?”
I have no tears left, just built up anger. I slap Ryder hard in the face, on the same side Wolf punched him. “What the fuck was that, Ryder? You promised I have nothing to worry about, yet there you were fighting over Dynasty, telling Wolf she's yours! I don't know what kind of sick game you're playing at, but I don't want any part of it!”
Dallas pulls up beside us and jumps out of his car. He runs up to Ryder, shoving him up against the trunk of his car, and putting his forearm over Ryder's throat to choke him if he tries to get close to me again. Ryder throws his hands up above his head, to show he refuses to lay a hand on Dallas. Ryder is much bigger than Dallas, but when Dallas is infuriated, he could lift a car with as much adrenalin his anger causes him. Not to mention, he can feed off of my strength. 
“She has nothing more to say to you!” yells Dallas. “Tori, get in the car.”
“Please wait,” cries out Ryder as I start toward the passenger door. “Let me explain.” Dallas isn't letting Ryder go, but he's letting him talk. “The words came out wrong when I said she was mine. I’ve had a lot to drink and the alcohol took over.” He has definitely had a lot to drink. He shouldn't be driving, and he's lucky he didn't get pulled over driving here. “Please, let me have one minute to talk to my girlfriend,” he says to Dallas calmly.
Dallas looks at me to see if I want to talk to Ryder. I give Dallas a nod and he lets Ryder go. “You've got one minute, and you don't even deserve that,” he points his finger at Ryder. “Tori, I'll be in the car when you're ready.” Dallas slams his car door shut after getting inside.
Ryder walks up to me and reaches out to grab my hands. I put both my hands up in a, stop there motion. “Don't touch me. Just tell me what's going on.” Before he has a chance to answer, I add, “Are you in a relationship with Dynasty and trying to get me to join with you two, just because you know I'm bi?”
Ryder looks taken aback by my question. “What! No! I wasn't lying to you when I said Dynasty and I have no sexual interest in each other. I told you I don't share well, not even with another woman.” 
If I wasn't so mad I would laugh; what man doesn't want a threesome with two woman? I cross my arms and give him a glare that shows my doubt.
“Okay, look, I have had a threesome before.” 
Somehow, that doesn't surprise me. Yet he thinks Wolf is a male slut. 
“It was a one-time thing. I wasn't dating anyone at the time, so I thought, why not? It's not something I would ever do with my girlfriend.” I'm not saying anything, just listening with my arms still crossed. “The words just came out wrong, Tori. I'm so sorry, please forgive me.” 
“You know when you left me that note saying you left me with your heart and to watch over it, I could have told you the same thing. After I just watched my boyfriend fighting over another woman, you obviously don't care about hurting me.”
He throws himself down to his knees in front of me. “That's just not true. I do care about you, I more than care about you.” He looks down at the cement. “I didn't want to tell you like this but,” he looks back up at me, “Tori, I'm in love with you. You have to forgive me. I want to build a life with you, because I can't picture my life without you in it.”
I stare down at this gorgeous man begging me to forgive him, and I don't know what to do. I more than care about him too, but this is not how I pictured telling Ryder I'm in love with him. I kneel down in front of him resting my hands on my legs. “Ryder, I don't know what you want me to say.” I pause a moment and tell him, “I just don't understand what happened back at the bar.”
Ryder reaches out for my hands, and this time I let him take them. “Wolf is my best friend, but he is a big male slut. I was upset that nymphomaniac would use my friend for sex. Dynasty is my friend, not his. And as far as I knew, they couldn't stand each other. I was even more upset that they never told me.” 
“Did you talk and find out how long this has been going on behind your back?” I ask, feeling a little better by his response. I can understand why he got upset. If the situation was reversed, I too would have been upset that my closest friends were hiding something like this from me.
“It's been going on a month. He told me he loves her. I’ve never heard Wolf tell any woman he loves them.” I can't tell if that bothers him even more, or if he's relieved to finally know.
“So now what?” I ask, wondering if he's still mad at them, okay with them being together, or happy about it.
“Now I'm hoping you will forgive me for my alcohol-induced over reaction to finding out my friends are dating.” He's staring into my eyes, anxiously awaiting my answer.
“I can forgive you.” I'm not willing to lose him over something like this. “I know now it was just a misunderstanding.” 
He puts both hands on my face and pulls me in for a kiss. “I really am sorry I upset you,” he says.
“I know. Let’s just get out of here and forget about it. But you're not driving. Dallas can give us a ride.” I'm completely against drinking and driving. I lost my aunt and her one-month-old baby to a drunk driver.
“I live really close to here. Can I talk you into staying at my place tonight?”
It's not like I have to work tomorrow, and I could always have Diego or Bernard come pick me up. “I don't mind staying at your place.” I'm not ready to smile yet, but I do feel better.
I open the back passenger door to Dallas's car. “Dallas, could you give us a ride to Ryder's house?”
Expecting the reaction, Dallas replies, “Really, Tori? You're going to forgive him, just like that? He was fighting over another woman, for God sakes.”
“We talked and it was just a misunderstanding. I'll tell you about it tomorrow.” I give Dallas a pouty face, and he gives in.
“Fine. I'll give you a ride to his place.” We climb into the backseat, and Dallas turns to look at Ryder. “You're still on my shit list, Seff,” Dallas says, glaring at Ryder. “How do I get to your place?”
Ryder ignores Dallas's comment, and tells him how to get to his house. 
We pull up in front of the same house Bernard dropped him off at the night of our class reunion. I didn't notice it last time, because I had other things on my mind, but Ryder has a big house. It's on a nice, large property, excluding him off from any neighbors.
Ryder climbs out of the backseat and puts his hand out to help me out. 
Dallas tells me before I slide out, “Call me if you need me to come back tonight, and pick you up. But either way, I better hear from you tomorrow. I want to know what's going on.”
I give Dallas a kiss on his cheek and tell him, “Thank you for coming. I will call you tomorrow.”
The inside of Ryder's house is immaculate. “Are you hungry?” asks Ryder, walking toward his kitchen. “Can I get you something to eat or drink?”
Ryder's kitchen is huge. The cupboards and cabinets are a dark cherry red wood color. All of his appliances are hidden by the cherry wood. Even the fridge is camouflaged. He has a breakfast bar in the center of the kitchen with tall, stylish barstools. His countertops are a reddish granite, matching well with the cherry wood. 
“I'm still full from the pizza, but I'll take an ice water.” Things feel a little awkward between us. I hope this passes before we go to bed.
Ryder gets us both a glass of ice water. “Would you like a tour? Or are you tired? I can give you a tour some other time.” He asks each question a little too fast, feeling tense himself. 
Hopefully a tour will help ease the tension. “I would love to see the rest of your house.”
He shows me to his family dining room first. It's as big as the kitchen. There are two long dining tables in here. There are place settings in front of each chair. Each table could hold twenty people easy. There are beautiful paintings hanging on the walls. He has breathtaking chandelier hanging in the center of the room, which has to cost well into the thousands.
“You must have a big family.”
“You could say that,” he says, looking over my shoulder.
“Do they come here often for dinner?”
“Not really. Mostly just holidays and special occasions.”
He shows me his living room next. The walls of the whole room, excluding one, are windows. “You can see out, but no one can see in,” he tells me. The wall that isn't a window is used for a laser projected TV. He has a leather wrap-around sofa, and two recliners. His living room is large enough he also has a pool table in here, and a small cocktail bar. 
He leads me down a long hall way that is arched out with the same windows as the living room. He must really like being able to see out. 
“This is my office,” he says, opening the door for me to look inside. His computer monitor is a forty-five inch plasma TV, hanging on the wall in front of his desk. He has a huge, clean desk. Only a few pictures, and a small calendar sitting on it. My office has bookshelves upon bookshelves full of books. Ryder's bookshelves are full, and I mean full of DVDs.
“You weren't kidding when you said you would rather watch a movie than read,” I say, amused. “This office is much cleaner than your work office.”
“I have a maid who comes in three times a week to clean. Otherwise, it would probably look like my office at work.” He laughs after telling me this. “This is the guest bathroom.” He points to the room directly across from his office. “This is a guest bedroom, and so is this.” He opens each door for me to look inside. 
There's nothing special about the guest bedrooms. They're set up like a normal bedroom. “I use this room for painting.” He opens the last door at the end of the hall. The inside is covered with his artwork. There are tarps on the floor to catch any dripping paint. There's a large air vent to keep the paint smell out of the house. There are giant rolls of blank canvases piled in a corner, and wood for framing piled next to the rolls. On the opposite side of the room are open cabinets full of different colors and types of paints.
He has paintings filling his walls, as well as paintings sitting on the floor, leaning against the walls. He has paintings leaning on paintings, there's so many in here. The ones I can see are as beautiful as his artwork in his restaurant. I’m awestruck by his talent. 
He interrupts my thoughts, “I'm not very good at it, but it relaxes me. You use books to escape from reality, I paint.”
I walk around the room, looking at his paintings. They range from landscaping, to portrait, to abstract. “These are really good! Have you tried selling them?”
“I would love to have an art show, but no one would buy my artwork. I'm no Pablo Picasso.”
“I don't think you know how talented you are. These are amazing paintings. If someone was interested in buying one, would you sell it?”
“No, I would just give it to them.”
“I'm interested in this painting.” I point to a painting of a forest. The forest changes gradually, flowing through all four seasons. If you stare at it long enough, in each season you can see something hidden in the painting. The spring has a father horse standing on a hill, looking down at a mother and their baby horse. The summer has a couple sitting on a bench, holding hands. The fall has facial expressions hidden into the leaves, and the winter has white little rabbits hidden throughout. “But I won't let you give it to me. You spent the time painting it, you should be paid for it.”
“You can have it, I won't take any money for it. Painting for me isn't about making money. I call it my expensive hobby.” He picks up the painting and hands it to me.
I hand the painting back to him. “I won't take it if you won't let me pay you for it.”
He sets the painting down, letting it lean against his leg. He grabs me by the waist and pulls me to him. “You are so stubborn,” he says, smiling.
“I'm not stubborn, I'm just persistent,” I say joking.
He kisses me and says, “I have an idea how you can pay for it.” He raises his eyebrow a couple times at me.
He wants sex instead of money. I smile back and tell him. “I could do that.” 
He picks up the painting, grabs my hand, and leads me out of the room toward a set of spiral stairs. The stairs are one connected set to the lower level, main level, and the upstairs. He sets the painting by the front door, before heading upstairs.
“What's your middle name?” I ask, following him up the stairs. 
“Ulric. Why do you ask?”
“Ulric,” I try it out, emphasizing the “l” with my tongue. “That's very unique. You sign your paintings Ryder U Seff. I was just curious what the U stands for. I really like that name.”
“It's a family name that gets passed down to the firstborn son.” 
Stepping into Ryder's room I wonder, and then ask, “What's in the lower level?” 
“I have a large indoor swimming pool down there and a bar with drinks and snacks.”
The entire upstairs is Ryder's room. There are paintings hanging all around the room, and a large flat screen TV hanging on the wall in front of his bed. He has a huge king-sized canopy bed. Behind the bed and above it, there are full-sized mirrors. There are dressers and nightstands that match the hand-carved wood of the canopy bed. In the corner, he as a huge love sack, and a small one for a footrest. He also has a master bathroom up here. There's only a walk-in shower, and no bathtub. The walk-in shower has four shower heads on the walls and two hanging from the ceiling. There's also a place to sit. 
Ryder's standing behind me look at his amazing shower.
“Want to see something really cool?” Ryder asks me with excitement.
“Sure.”
He steps in the shower and pushes a button. A radio turns on in the shower. He hit another button and the lights dim. The lights start to change colors and flash in time with the beat of the music. He pushes yet another button, and the shower starts to steam up.
“It's a shower and a sauna room,” he tells me, impressed by his own shower. 
“That's actually really cool.” I should have one of these put in my house.
“I thought you might think so,” he replies.
I grab his hand and pull him toward the bed. “How about I give you that payment now.”
Chapter 26

I'm woken from a deep sleep in Ryder's comfy bed the next morning to Ryder taking a shower. I should get up and shower with him before he leaves for work, but I'm so comfortable. His bed is so soft it feels like I’m sleeping on feathers. 
Like most guys, Ryder is in and out of the shower in no time. Enjoying the view, I watch as he walks across the room to his dresser, still naked.
He looks over at me and notices I'm awake. “Good morning, beautiful. Did you sleep well?”
“Too well. Your bed is really comfy.”
He pulls on a pair of boxers. “You could stay in my bed until I get home from work,” he hints.
“I have to go home. I need a change of clothes. But I'm in no hurry.” I pat the bed. “Want to climb back in here with me?”
“I would love to, babe, but I need to be the first one at the jobsite. I need to show the guys that if we're going drinking on a work night, I expect everyone to be on time.”
“Such a strict boss, Mr. Seff.” I give him a stern boss look.
“Yes, Ms. Lane, I am. As your boss, I expect you to be in my bed when I get home from work. Preferably naked.” He gives me the same stern boss look.
I giggle and ask him, “What time do you think you'll be home from work?”
“I should be done just before dark.”
“You want me to stay here all day, without you, and nothing to do?” I'll go nuts.
“Well, you don't have to stay here all day. I’m just telling you I want you in my bed, naked, when I get home.”
“I think I can make it back here before you get off work. If that's what you would like me to do, Mr. Seff.” I bat my eyelashes at him.
“Yes, Ms. Lane, that's what I would like. If you don't do what you're boss tells you, I may have to punish you.”
I kneel up on the edge of the bed, still naked from the night before, and wrap my arms around his neck. “Will you spank me if I'm a naughty girl?” I ask in a sexy voice.
He slaps me hard on my ass and smiles. “Yes, I will,” he replies. He grabs the TV remote and turns it on. “Lay here, watch TV, and relax. Help yourself to anything in the kitchen.” He runs his fingers through my hair, giving me a sensual feeling. “So soft,” he says, running his fingers through it again. “I'll see you when I get home from work?” he makes it a question.
“I'll be here. Don't work too hard. Or we can't play hard tonight.” I give him a little wink.
“No worries there. If I didn't have to be the first one at the jobsite, we would play now.”
I flop back on the bed and cover up with his soft blankets, watching him finish getting ready for work. He kisses me goodbye before leaving me alone in his big, empty bed to watch Good Morning America. Somehow, I manage to doze back off to sleep, but I wake an hour later, hungry. Not ready to put my clothes back on, I grab one of Ryder's shirts and put it on instead. His shirt is big enough it drops down to my knees.
I make myself some toast and pour myself a glass of milk, then wander down to the end of the hall. Opening the door to his art room, I want to look a little closer at his paintings. I bet I could set up an art show for him to sell some of these. He has an amazing, undiscovered talent. 
Suddenly, a portrait catches my eye. Just taking drink of milk, I almost choke on it. It's a painting of me, in what looks like my bed. Naked but covered by my satin sheets. The painting is sitting out in the open. I'm surprised I didn't see this last night. Kneeling down, I take a closer look, not touching it. The detail of the painting is unbelievable. Every curve of the satin sheets around me looks so real, I could touch it. The detail he put in my hair and my eyes... the painting just baffles me. 
Closing the door behind me I head back to the kitchen to rinse out my milk glass. I wonder what he would think if he knew I’ve seen it. As I'm thinking this to myself, I hear the front door open. Around the corner comes a tall tan guy, with dark hair. He is close to the same body build as Ryder. He's holding three DVDs in his hand.
The guy stops dead in his tracks. “I'm sorry. I didn't know anyone was here,” he says, a little stunned to see me.
Thankfully, Ryder's shirt is big enough on me the guy can't tell I'm not wearing underwear. It's a white shirt so I can only hope he also can't tell I’m not wearing my bra. 
“I'm Corbitt, Ryder's brother.”
I recognize him now, he's Ryder's younger brother. He went to the same school as us, but he was two grades lower. If I hadn't skipped two grades, Corbitt and I would have graduated together. “It's been a long time, but we were in the same grade together for a while. I used to go by Neferatari.” I don't know if he'll remember the name, but I'm mostly hoping to kill a little of the awkward tension. 
Corbitt's eyes widen. “Wow, you have changed. It has been a long time. How have you been?” Without pausing, he asks, “Can I assume since you’re standing in my brother's kitchen, in his shirt, you two are dating?”
“I've been good. I go by Tori now. And I guess you could say Ryder and I are more than just dating.” We’re sleeping together. Supposedly, I know things about him that even Dynasty doesn't know, and last night he told me he's in love with me. Yeah, I would say we are more than just dating.
A big, devilish grin comes across Corbitt's face. “Reeally. That is the best news I’ve heard all week.” He sounds mischievous by the way he elongated the word really. “I just stopped by to drop off some of the DVDs I borrowed from Ryder,” he says, holding them up, “and use his computer. Sorry if I scared you, I didn't see any cars parked outside, so I assumed no one was here.”
“Yeah, my car's not here. Ryder picked me up last night before we went out. I was just about to call for my ride to come pick me up.” I really wasn't, but I don't want to be here if his brother plans to be on the computer long.
“I could give you a ride home. I don't have any plans.”
It's a really nice gesture, but I don't know how I feel about his brother giving me a ride home. There's something about the way he reacted to hearing Ryder and I are more than dating, and that it's the best news he's heard all week that's kind of bothering me. I can't think of any way to tell him no without it sounding really rude. “That's really nice of you,” I say instead. “Let me just get changed, and then I'll be ready.”
“Take your time,” says Corbitt, walking down to Ryder's office.
I should let Ryder know his brother is going to give me a ride home. Quickly I change then send Ryder a text message. “Corbitt showed up to drop off DVDs. He's going to give me a ride home.” 
Corbitt's standing by the front door when I come down the stairs from Ryder's room. “Ready?” he asks.
“Yep.” I grab my painting Ryder set by the door last night and we head out to Corbitt's truck.
“Is that one of Ryder's paintings?” Corbitt asks, after getting directions to my house.
“Yeah. I bought it from him last night.” Not with money, but he doesn't need to know that. “He's very talented.”
“Ryder's been painting since he was able to pick up a paint brush. I keep telling him he should sell them. He could make really good money if he would sell them. Not that he needs it,” adds Corbitt.
I hope he doesn't think I'm a gold digger. Once he's sees my house, he'll know that's not true. 
“I'm surprised he let you buy that painting from him. He usually gives them away.”
I smile and shrug. “I was very persistent. I wasn't leaving with the painting unless he let me pay for it.”
“So, how long have you and Ryder been together?”
“Oh, I guess a little over two weeks.” I haven't really done the math in my head. The more I think about it, I’m pretty sure it's two weeks today.
Corbitt's eyes widen again. “I'm surprised I didn't find out sooner,” he mumbles, more to himself than me.
I wonder how close Ryder and Corbitt are. He seems almost upset that he didn't know sooner. I keep getting this weird vibe from Corbitt. I don't know what it is, but it's making me leery to answer his questions. Thankfully my phone rings before he has a chance to ask me something else. “It's Ryder,” I say out loud.
After I say it's Ryder, Corbitt smiles the same mischievous grin. 
“Hi, Ryder. Did you get my text message?” 
“Yes, I did,” he sounds exasperated. “Are you with... have you two left yet?” Now he sounds worried.
“Yes. We're almost to my house now. Is everything okay?” I look over at Corbitt, who is still smiling.
There's a long pause on the other end. I can't tell if Ryder is still on the other end, so I say, “Hello? Are you still there?”
“I'm here,” he replies. “Call me when you get home; after Corbitt has left.”
“You're kind of freaking me out. Is there something I should know?” 
Corbitt clenches his jaw and makes a sharp “Hmm” sound. He seems to think there's something I should know. 
“No, babe,” replies Ryder. “Nothing to worry about. I'll see you tonight.”
“Okay, I'll let you know when I'm home,” I say, uncertain there isn't something wrong.
We hang up and Corbitt pulls up in front of my gates. “This is where you live?” he asks, completely shocked.
“Yep.” I wave to Todd, who opens the gates for us.
Corbitt drops me off at my door, and I tell him, “Thank you for the ride. It was good to see you again.” Not really, I wish he wouldn't have showed up while I was there.
“The pleasure has been all mine.” I can't escape that odd tone I can hear in his voice.
Grabbing my painting from the backseat, I run up the steps to my door. I shut the front door, locking it behind me, and watch out the window as Corbitt exits through the gates. 
I push the intercom button to Todd. “Todd, that's Ryder's brother, Corbitt. Do not let him in here without my permission. I kept getting weird vibes from him on the drive here.”
“Yes, Ms. Lane. Would you like me to have Bennett look into it?”
“Not yet. I want to hear what Ryder has to say first.”
“Yes, ma'am.”
I pull my phone out again, calling Ryder back. “I'm home now,” I tell him.
“Oh, good.” Ryder sounds relieved. 
“Now that I'm not in the truck with him, is there something you would like to tell me?” His reactions are making me wonder if Corbitt's been in prison. 
“I just didn't know he was coming over today.” 
“That doesn't seem like any reason to get worked up about your brother giving me a ride home.” I hope I wasn't given a ride home by a crazy lunatic. 
“Corbitt is going straight to my parents about us being together. I just know he will. And when he does, the shit’s going to hit the fan in my family. They think Dynasty and I have been together for the past two years.”
It's surprising they've been able to hide dating other people from his parents for two years. “I don't understand why it's such a big deal for your parents to think you and Dynasty are together. Why would Corbitt tell your parents? What's going to happen when they find out?” I take no pauses between each question, wondering if I need to call in extra security.
“Corbitt's just... well, he's Corbitt. I don't know why he feels a need to stir up drama in the family. There's nothing you need to worry about. We're just going to end up in a family feud. It won't be the first and it won't be the last.”
“I don't want to be the cause of a family feud.”
“You won't be the cause. Corbitt will. And my parents for not understanding I don't want to be with Dynasty, no matter how much they may want us to.”
“As long as there's nothing I need to worry about.”
“No, babe. Everything will be fine. I gotta get back to work. I'll see you tonight.”
We end the call and I slump down onto the sofa. He never did tell me why it's such a big deal for his parents to think he and Dynasty are together. 
Across from where I'm sitting, is a collage of pictures of Fayleigh and me hanging on the wall. I don't even think twice, I pull the collage of us off the wall and replace it with Ryder's painting. I admire Ryder's art for a while before remembering I need to call Dallas. 
My talk with Dallas lasted longer than I expected. I told him what Ryder said to me last night, and he agreed to give Ryder a second chance. He understood the situation, but he wasn't happy about it. Dallas isn't happy about any man, or woman for that matter, making me upset.
To pass my day waiting for Ryder to get done working, I decide to work out, doing some laps in the pool for cardio, then listening to some music while lifting weights. I like being toned, and I think Ryder likes it, too. I always listen to upbeat music when I’m working out, and I always end up dancing. I can't do ballroom dancing, salsa, or any of those fancy dances Ryder knows how to do, but I can club dance. Very well, I might add. While dancing, a fun idea pops into my head. I would really like to learn belly dancing – oh, and maybe lap dancing. I think Ryder would like both of those. He's a great dancer, and if I get lessons in those two areas, maybe I can apply it when were out dancing somewhere. Maybe; that is, if I have enough confidence to dance like that in public.
I get so excited about my idea, I hop onto the computer and begin to look for a personal instructor to hire.
I found an exotic dancer who does basic training online line via Skype. She teaches belly dancing, burlesque, how to give lap dances, floor work, pole dancing, and she teaches aerial fitness. It was supposed to be her day off today, but I told her I would pay her double whatever her normal fee is. She didn't hesitate to say yes to that.
We got started right away. My new dance instructor, Candy, chose to wear a red sports bra, black spandex shorts, and a pair of very high red stiletto heels. Her name makes me chuckle inside. Candy. It's such a total stripper name.
For an exotic dancer, she kind of has small boobs – of course, that's one of the first things I notice, I’m a boob girl. What she lacks in the chest the rest of her body makes up for. She's well-toned in all the right areas. For as toned as she is, I’m very surprised she doesn't have abs. Her stomach is just tight. I’m not a butt girl, but she does have a nice ass.
The tall brunette instructor teaches me as much as she can, then logs off to let me practice on my own. 
After I feel like I have the lessons she's taught me turned into a smooth dance, I decide to take a shower, then a nap to get my energy back for tonight. If everything goes according to plan, I want to be having sex with Ryder many, many times tonight, and many more times on Sunday. We can literally spend all Saturday night and all day Sunday having sex. 
Chapter 27

Billy's voice over the intercom wakes me from my nap. “Ms. Lane?”
The clock beside my bed reads after five. A burst of adrenalin makes me jump out of bed. Ryder will be done with work soon, if he isn't already. I need to get back to his place.
“Ms. Lane?” Billy says into the intercom again. 
Still groggy and trying to regain focus from my nap, I push the intercom button. “Yes, Billy.”
“There's an Ulric Seff here to see you. He says he's Ryder's father. Should I let him in?”
Ryder's dad? My run-in with Corbitt earlier today pops into my head. Ryder told me I have nothing to worry about. Why would his dad show up here, if I have no need be worried?
Not sure what to do, I tell Billy, “Escort him with two security guards.” The guard’s intercom is connected to a phone, so I know Ryder's dad can't hear what I said. 
Two security guards is probably a bit much, but I just don't know what to make of this situation. Should I be worried? Why is he here? I know I can handle myself if someone tried to hurt me. The problem is, explaining my strength to a human if I ever hurt someone beyond what my body build looks like it could do.
Ryder's dad pulls up in front of my house in a brand new F350 King Ranch. 
As his dad walks up to my door, I take notice that Ryder's dad is in very good shape. Very muscular like Ryder. He also has the same hair color and facial structure. There's no question that this man is Ryder's dad.
“Ms. Lane?” he asks in a deep, rough voice.
Ryder's dad is a very good looking man, with the exact same stunning eyes as Ryder. It's a preview of what Ryder will look like when he's his dad’s age. I'm glad Ryder's voice is nowhere near as deep and rough as his dad's is. 
“Call me Tori,” I say politely, but feeling very uncomfortable. 
“You can call me Ulric. May I come in, Tori? I would like to talk to you about Ryder. There's a bit of information I think he has neglected to tell you.” His face has no real expression, not giving anything away.
Information he has neglected to tell me? I wonder if this has anything to do with his “other life”, as Dynasty called it. 
Two of my security guards are standing directly behind Ryder's father. I gesture for Ulric to come inside.
“You have a very beautiful home, Tori.” He makes a glance behind him, looking at the two security guards. “May I ask why you need so much security?” 
Here goes my well-told lie again. “I'm a stunt double, and I’ve had some crazy stalkers.”
“I can assure you I'm not here to stalk you,” Ulric says with an unenthusiastic half-smile.
“I believe you, but to be honest, I'm a little worried as to why you're here.”
“Fair enough.”
I lead Ulric into the kitchen. My two security guards follow, holding back a little, as to not be over-protective. 
I gesture for Ulric to take a seat. “Can I offer you something to drink?”
“No, thank you. I shouldn't be long.” His expression is still blank. This man would be great at poker. 
I take a seat across from Ulric. “What kind of information do you believe Ryder has neglected to tell me?” I cup my hands together and place them on the table, bracing myself for whatever he's about to tell me. 
“Well, Ms. Lane... Tori,” he corrects himself. “I'm wondering if you've met Dynasty yet?”
Oh great, I'm being drawn into their family feud. “Ryder's childhood friend? Yes, I met her last night at the bar with Ryder.”
“Dynasty is more than Ryder's childhood friend.”
Yeah, yeah, I know, you think they're dating, is what runs through my head. 
“Dynasty is Ryder's wife.”
Come again? All I can do is stare at Ryder's father. 
He waits patiently for a response from me.
After what feels like five minutes of silence, all I can think to say is, “I don't think I heard you correctly. Do you really think they are married?”
“I don't think, I know they're married. I performed the marriage ceremony myself,” he says to me, in an arrogant tone.
“I... I'm... at a loss for words.”
“I'm sure this is a very big shock to you, but I think it only fair you should know you are dating a married man.” Ulric is being very patient, waiting for me to respond, still not showing me any kind of real emotion. 
“I don't know what to do with this neglected information, as you called it.”
“Well, Tori, I would hope that you're not a home-wrecking whore, and that you will stop seeing my son, a married man.” 
The home-wrecking whore phrase would have pissed me off if he called me that directly, but he didn't. He just said he hopes I'm not. “I can assure you, Ulric... Mr. Seff.” I no longer feel comfortable calling him by his first name after what he has just told me. “That I will no longer be seeing your son.” I really don't know what else to say to this man. I just want him to leave, so I can let this all sink in.
He stands up and pushes his chair back into the table. “I'm sorry you had to find out from a complete stranger. I won't keep you any longer. Have a nice night.”
The security guards escort him out, and I'm left sitting at my kitchen table, speechless. 
Have a nice night? What a jackass. He tells me my boyfriend is married and to have a nice night; jackass. 
What the hell have I gotten myself into? I lay my head in my arms on the table. I hear someone walk back into the kitchen, but I don't raise my head.
“Mr. Seff is gone, and the gates have been relocked behind him,” says one of my security guards.
I say, “Thank you” without raising my head and give him a shoo motion with my hand.
I’m beyond confused. Why would he date me, seduce me, tell me he's in love with me, and that he's waited a long time for me, when he's a married man? An even better question is thrown into my head, Dynasty met me last night. Ryder told her I’m his girlfriend and he thinks I'm 'the one'. Why would his wife be okay with him having a girlfriend? The thought that Ryder and Dynasty maybe trying to ease me into a relationship with them reoccurs to me. Maybe he's a polygamist. But he seems genuinely honest when he tells me he doesn’t share well. And if he was a polygamist, he wouldn't have given Wolf permission to date Dynasty. I just don't understand. I’m astonished, pissed off, and to top it all, I’m heartbroken. 
The tears are flowing steady now, and they’re in no way close to stopping. Once I get over him, I’m going back to women. As much as I like not having to be the dominant one, or the aggressor in the bedroom, I like even more that I never cried while Fayleigh and I were together. Ryder has broken me down to a more sensitive woman, and I hate it.
My phone starts ringing Ryder's song. I don't want to talk to him. I just want him out of my life. I want free of him, to never think of him again. He never existed.
My phone stops ringing, but starts again seconds later. I guess I better get it over with. “What!” I scream into the phone.
“Bad day, babe?” Ryder asks, taken off guard by my one-word shout into the phone. 
“Haha,” I give a loud fake laugh into the phone. “I guess you could say that, but I would say it's more like a nightmare. I just had a visit from your father, who so greatly informed me that you and Dynasty are married.”
I can hear Ryder gasp into the phone.
“He also told me he hoped I’m not a home-wrecking whore, and would stop dating you.”
“Tori, let me explain,” he says in a dumbfounded voice.
“There's nothing to explain, Ryder. You’re a married man, who committed adultery with a woman who fell for every silky smooth word you said.”
“Please, let me explain,” he sounds urgent now.
I shout, “No, Ryder! Save your explanation for someone who cares! We're done! I want nothing more than to have you out of my life! Thanks a lot for fucking with my mind! I can't believe I thought I loved you!” I say nothing more before hanging up on him. 
Without surprise, he calls my phone immediately after I hang up on him. I push the ignore button on my phone, sending him to voicemail. So he calls back again. Again I send him to voicemail. I’m going to have to get my number changed. My phone starts ringing a third time. I’m not going to deal with this shit all night, I’m turning my phone off. I answer the phone and hang up on him without a word, then turn my phone off. 
I place my head back down in my arms on the table, not sure what to do next. If I can polish off two bottles of wine, just because he fucked me and left, I think three, maybe four bottles sounds good tonight. I’m not going to drink till I get alcohol poisoning. If I did then I would be no better than Fayleigh trying to commit suicide. But I sure as hell can drink till I pass out.
I open a bottle of wine and take a big drink, not bothering with a glass. I should call Dallas, but that would mean turning my phone on. I take another big drink from the bottle. I could always drive over there. That thought is squashed quicker than an ant at a family picnic. I don't drink and drive. Oh, I could have Bernard drive me to Dallas's. Or maybe to a bar. Now I’m feeling a little reckless, thinking about going to the bar and taking the first guy I see home.
Billy comes over the intercom. “Tori, we have a code red.”
Code red is quicker than saying, “there's a vampire on the premises.” 
I run to my duffel bag of assassin tools. 
“Bring your revolver.” Billy's voice generates to each intercom in the house. “We have more than just a vampire out here. There's a werewolf too.”
A werewolf? You've got to be kidding me. I grab my revolver and my Glock running for the front door. I run down my steps toward the sound of the snarling fight.
Four guards have their guns pointed in the direction of the fighting monsters. The problem with that is, they don't have silver bullets. 
I stare at the fighting monsters, not able to believe my eyes. It's a true werewolf. He's got to be close to seven foot tall with glowing golden eyes. His body is covered in fur, and he's standing on his back legs, like a human. He has long claws, lashing at the vampire. A long werewolf nose, and sharp white teeth. 
I point the revolver at the vampire first, knowing the Dienerite bullet will kill a vampire, but not sure how to kill a werewolf. 
The werewolf keeps getting in my way of a clear view of the vampire. I watch as they fight with claws and teeth, trying to get a good grip on each other, waiting for my opening to shoot the vampire.
The werewolf gets a grip on the vampire first. Locking the vampire’s arms to his sides, the werewolf lifts the vampire’s head toward his mouth. The werewolf bites into the vampire’s neck, splattering the ground with blood, as he snarls tearing the head off the vampire's shoulders. I can hear the sound of flesh being ripped apart and bones breaking. The werewolf rips out the vampire’s heart, tossing it into his mouth, then starts to eat the vampire, throwing uneaten body parts around my yard. There's blood everywhere, and blood coming from every ripped opening of the vampire’s body.
I watch the werewolf, unable to shoot, and too stupid to run. I see the strewn about body parts finally starting to turn to ash, and realize I need to figure out what to shoot this werewolf with. As soon as that vampire’s leg in his hand turns to ash, we'll be left in his path for more destruction.
“Silver,” recommends one of my security guards, without my asking.
I shove the revolver in the front of my pants and pull out the Glock from the back of my pants. Before I can raise the Glock to shoot the werewolf, my thoughts are broken into, weakened and invaded by a man’s voice, who is not the Master Overlord. My mind feels like it's no longer in my body. It feels detached and I’ve lost all control over my own thoughts.
“Tori, don't shoot. I’m Ryder.” It's Ryder's voice in my head, but the werewolf's body in my sight.
I drop the gun, grabbing my head, unable to control my thoughts to figure out what's going on.
One of the guards grabs the gun at my feet. I quickly slap my hand down onto of the gun, knocking it out of his hands. 
“What should I do?” the guard asks the other three.
“Tori, don't let them shoot me,” Ryder's voice penetrates my mind again.
“Don't shoot,” I say out loud to the guards. “That's an order.”
The werewolf begins to walk toward me, slowly shifting back into a man. 
Back into my man. Ryder.
I feel the guards beside me stepping backwards to get further away from the werewolf. 
Ryder's voice is no longer in my head, but coming from his mouth. “I didn't want to tell you this way, but I guess you know now, I’m a werewolf.”
Ryder is completely naked, but back in his own body. 
All I can do is stare at him, rendered speechless.
“Can we please go inside and talk?” he asks me in a calm and collected voice. He doesn't seem to care that he's naked, but more worried about my reaction to the situation. 
I nod once, saying nothing and not taking my eyes off him.
He puts out his hand for me to take.
Do I take it? If I don't, he'll think I’m appalled by him. Am I appalled by him? I’m not sure. I have so many thoughts running through my mind, I can't focus on one of them. 
Without thinking anymore, I reach out, taking his hand, letting him lead me back to my house. I give a quick glance back at my guards, who are just staring at us, not saying a word. 
I give them one word, “Contract.” They all signed the confidentiality contract. If they can keep vampires a secret, they can keep werewolves a secret.
They all four nod, and disperse, back to their posts.
“You smell of wine,” he says, holding my hand as we walk up my front steps.
I give him no response, not even a glance.
Ryder sits down on my sofa, still fully nude. “Sit by me.” He looks comfortable, possibly forgetting he is still nude. He has one arm resting on the back of the sofa and his other on the arm of the sofa, with his legs slightly apart, opening his body to me, and displaying his already erect penis.
I can't help but to stare at his seductive, well sculptured, masterpiece of a body. I want to tug on those sexy fucking nipple rings with my teeth, then run my tongue over his solid abs, and so much more. After what I just saw, how can I still be so attracted to this man? “Can I get you something to cover up with?” I ask, trying so hard to keep my eyes locked on his, and away from the rest of his body. 
He smirks slightly. “Why? You've seen me naked before. I know you like what you see. Now that you know what I am, I can tell you, I can feel how much you want me. What you want to do with your tongue.” He smiles big at his last comment. 
“You can read my mind?” I ask blushing so red I can feel my face growing warm. Why am I blushing? There's nothing wrong with him knowing how much I desire him, he has known all along.
“No, I can only read your mind in werewolf form. My senses tell me how badly you want me. You licking your lips tells me what you want to do with that wet tongue. I know how much you want me, Tori,” he repeats.
Shit, I didn't even feel myself lick my lips. I blush even more, not knowing what I just did with my tongue. 
“Okay. Yes, I want you.” No sense in denying it when he can read it all over my body, my lips, and in the air.
“Bad.” 
My eyes have lost connection with his and are moving back toward his lickable abs. I lick my lips and close my eyes not wanting to look at him as I say, “Yes, Ryder. I want you bad. So bad I can picture myself flicking your nipple rings around with my tongue, licking your tight abs, and so much more. I want to put you in my mouth and suck on you until your cum shoots down the back of my throat. I want you so bad, I can taste you every time I lick my lips. And I want to be naked, pinned down, under your sexy body.” I can feel a hand rubbing itself over my sex. I open my eyes to see Ryder still sitting on the sofa. His penis pulsates twice, being turned on even more by me touching myself. I quickly stop touching myself. My body is out of control. I'm doing things without thinking. I’m so wet, I know my scent is filling the air.
He looks like he's going to come flying off the sofa and knock me to the ground. 
Before he can make any move, I raise my hand and say, “But it doesn't matter how badly I want you. I’m not a home-wrecking whore. You're a married man who needs to cover up, because I’m torturing myself knowing what I can no longer have.”
A confident, arrogant look crosses his face. “But that's just it, Tori, I’m not married. My marriage to Dynasty isn't real, it's a werewolf tradition. My dad is Alpha, and as Alpha, it is tradition to pick the wife of your firstborn son. Tradition keeps a purebred werewolf blood line. Dynasty is purebred, but I don't want her as my mate, and she feels the same way.”
Ryder gets off the sofa and walks over to me. “What I do want, is you,” he says, picking me up. “I'm going to end this tradition, starting with you. I want to make you my mate, Tori, because I need you, and we are a perfect fit. No normal woman can take in all of a werewolf's penis. I’ve never met a woman I couldn't resist, but I’ve always had a hard time resisting you. I can't resist you because you belong to me.”
I’m not thinking clearly, and I can't control myself. I've wrapped my legs around his naked body, as he carries me to the fainting sofa. He smells faintly of blood and cologne. A Déjà vu to the smell I had in my dream.
“The sight of you after shifting out of werewolf form has me rock hard.” He rubs his hard erection into my body. “I need your body. I need to be deep inside of you, to officially claim you, and make you mine.” He kisses along my neck, sending shivers to all the right places. 
He whispers, “I want to hear you scream.”
He's torturing me, talking like that to me. I want him so bad, my nipples are hard and my pussy is wet and waiting to be invaded by his engorged penis. 
“You have to stop me now, because I can't stop once I start.” 
Stop him? No, I don't want him to stop, now that I know he's not truly married.
“The animal in me is craving every inch of your sexy body.” He's rubbing his hand up and down my body, finding his way under my shirt to my breasts. He licks the fast beating pulse in my neck. Still not able to find control of myself, I drop my head to the side, inviting him to continue. “I want to pin you down and take control of you. I want to give you all of me, and not hold back.” He raises himself to look into my eyes. His starry eyes are literally glowing. They're a beautiful golden color, locking me into his eyes. Not hypnotizing, just mesmerized. “Do you want me to stop?”
Instead of shaking my head or telling him no, I lick my lips, hoping that will give him my answer without speaking.
“I'm not going to touch you any further until you tell me yes or no.”
“Don't stop touching me,” I beg. “I want you. All of you.” 
He lets out a growl that would scare me if I didn't know it's the animal in him, getting permission to fulfill his needs. 
He takes hold of my shirt with his teeth, ripping it off of me. Never using his hands, he removes the rest of my clothing in only seconds. His aggression has me turned on boiling hot. He retracts his sharp teeth, then moves his way down my body, toward my wetness. He doesn't hesitate to start pleasuring me. His tongue is warmer than normal, giving me a new sensation. I run my hands through his hair, taking a handful as he quickly brings me closer to my climax.
“Cum for me, baby. I want to hear you scream.”
He continues working his magic, my body is starting to shake with need. He grabs ahold of one of my breasts and pinches my nipple hard enough to make me scream, and cum all over his deep, exploring tongue.
He reaches for my other breast. “That's it, my beautiful temptress. The taste of you is driving me to the edge, cum for me again.” He pinches that nipple as hard as the other, and on command, I orgasm again. 
He lets me come down from my own personal high before pulling hard on one of my legs, jerking me off the sofa, down to him, directly inserting his penis deep inside me. I’m so wet, the quick insertion feels electrifying. Sparks sizzle in my body, as I let out a satisfying moan. We are a perfect fit. He's claimed my body and it is sculptured to fit his and only his. 
With one hand he shoves the fainting sofa away from us and into the other sofa across the room. He lays me back onto the floor grabbing hold of my hands, pinning them above my head, locking his body on top of mine. He shoves his penis deeper inside of me, with every hard thrust.
In the same rough voice I heard in my dream, he says, “Tell me how much you want me.”
I wrap my fingers around his hands pinning me down and raise my hips for him to move deeper inside of me. “I don't want you. I need you. All of you. Don't stop,” I beg again.
With a quick roll of the hand, he flips me onto my stomach. Still holding my hands to the floor, he raises me into doggie-style position, and begins to fuck me harder. Harder than in the kitchen. Hard enough I can feel a tear trail out of the corner of my eye, but I say, “Don't stop.”
With a growling, rough voice, he says, “Say my name. Who's inside of you?”
I moan and answer his demand, “Ryder. Oh, Ryder, I feel you deep inside of me. Touching my every wall.”
He growls, “Who do you belong to?”
Between gasping breaths, I say, “You. I belong to you and only you.”
“Tighten your insides around my penis and cum all over me,” he says in that same untamed, rough voice, thrusting himself harder into me.
He's fucking me so hard, our bodies are slowly moving across the floor. I feel like there's too much pain to climax again, but he proves me wrong, sending me into an orgasm so intense everything inside of me quivers. The front half of my body drops to the floor as my orgasm lengthens.
“Again, baby. Cum for me again. I can feel your wetness all around me. Your sent is intoxicating.”
I can't cum again because my orgasm is still going. “I can't. I’m still wrapped tight around your dick. You have my orgasm so high, you can't stop now. Fuck me harder,” I breathe each word, feeling breathless.
I feel his desire push through my insides as he pounds into my wet, orgasming pussy even harder.
“Oh, fuck yeah!” I can't restrain my words any longer. I find myself growing more and more vocal. “Yes, yes, fuck me, Ryder! Fuck me!” I can feel his nails dig into my sides as he pulls me harder and faster over his penis. “Cum inside my wet pussy. I want to feel you cum inside of me.”
He stops and flips me back onto my back, still holding a tight grip on my hands, and his penis deep inside of me. “Not yet,” he says in almost a growl.
I wrap my legs around him, pulling his body close to mine.
“You haven't had all of me yet. Tonight will be unforgettable. I’m going to give you the most intense orgasm you've ever felt. An orgasm only a werewolf can give to his mate. You'll be begging for me to stop, but I won't. Not before making you climax one more time.”
As if only his words were needed, I feel my body tighten around his penis yet again, sending me soaring. I can't remember where I am or how we got here, all I know is I want this man more than I need air. 
He continues thrusting himself into me, causing me to orgasm three more times, back to back. 
The pleasure is so intense, it's beyond this world. I don't know how much more I can take. No longer needing to hide my strength, I use all my might to break free of his hands pinning mine to the floor. I break free, throwing my hands around his neck and tightening my legs around his body, forcing him to slow down. 
I could have guessed he wouldn't let me stop him. He picks me up off the floor with my body still wrapped tight around him in every way possible. He slams me hard into the wall behind me, causing me to slightly loosen my grip around him, and knocking one of the pictures off my wall. 
He slammed me so hard into the wall, if I was human it would have hurt, but as it is, I’m not human. And the forced aggression only has me turned on more.
I lick his chest, his neck, his ear. Then back to his neck, sucking the metal taste of blood off of him. Putting his nipple ring in my mouth, I tug on it hard with my teeth. I can hear his claws tearing into the wall behind me.
Again I feel Déjà vu as I hear him say, “Bite me. Bite me hard. I want to bleed into your mouth. I want you to take all of me.” His animal voice is rough with need.
I bite down hard into his neck, thinking I did it in my dream, and I liked it. I feel the blood starting to roll across my lips, making me latch onto the open bite wound and suck, letting his blood rush my mouth.
My body is moving hard up and down against the wall as he fucks me hard with need, desire, and lust. “Oh yeah.” His voice is starting to sound more like the normal Ryder. “Oh, ooooh,” he says with a groan behind it. “Don't stop. Suck harder. I’m going to make your insides even wetter,” he says, reaching closer and closer to his own climax.
I do suck harder, and I can feel something advancing inside of me, bringing me to the peak of an orgasm that may kill me. 
“Mmm, mmm,” I moan with each vibrating touch of his penis inside of me. I’m bound to this man, at my breaking point to soar beyond this world with what his body and blood are doing inside of me.
“Don't hold it in. Release your ecstasy for me now,” he demands.
On demand, my body begins to soar, as I feel him seal his lips around my neck. 
I can feel my blood rolling out of the corner of his mouth down my neck, so I suck harder on his neck. I didn't feel him bite into me. The bite may be what's causing my orgasm, because it's not ending. My orgasm is generating through my whole body. Every single part of my body feels like it's having its own personal orgasm. My arms, legs, hands, feet, my breasts, everything is climaxed into a high intense orgasm. I can feel my body start to vibrate with a deep, indescribable pleasure. I can feel the heat of his orgasm as his cum is released deep inside of me. I feel him suck harder on my neck. My mind should be worried if he can control himself enough to make himself stop, but my body has complete control over my mind, as my orgasm intensifies more than I ever would have thought possible.
I break free from sucking on his neck and scream, “Oh, my God, Ryder, you have to stop.”
I feel him shake his head with his lips still latched around the bleeding bite he caused on my neck. He squats his knees slightly, lowering me just enough for him to quickly stand up straight, digging himself deeper inside of me. 
The orgasm has me falling to pieces as it continues to grow stronger. I feel my head starting to feel faint as I lay my head down on his shoulder, I whisper, “Please stop the orgasm.” What woman in their right mind would tell their boyfriend to stop the orgasm - it's too intense? This woman. Because until you have an orgasm this intense, my saying, “I’m starting to worry it will never end. I can't live life feeling this way all the time. I would never let Ryder pull out of me. I would use every ounce of strength to keep him locked inside of me. I would make him my sex slave for life. And I would die never eating or drinking. Doing nothing more than fucking him until my last breath.” Saying that will make no sense until you've felt what I’m feeling right now. A pleasure only a werewolf can give you.
Ryder releases himself from my neck. 
My orgasm is finally starting to slow, releasing me from the torture I don't really want to end.
I hear him whisper, “I love you,” before I pass out cold, in his arms.
Chapter 28

I find myself waking up in my bed with Ryder leaving little wet kisses all over me. My cheeks, my neck, my chest, my stomach, and back up to kiss my lips. 
“Welcome back, beautiful.”
We're still naked, but covered by my satin sheets. “How long have I been out?” I ask, taking note it's still dark outside.
“Almost two hours.”
I sit up quickly, looking at Ryder, “What the hell happened?” I know what happened before I passed out wasn't a dream this time. No sex could be that good and not be real, but I don't understand why I passed out.
“An orgasm that intense is bound to take a lot out of you.”
I guess it would. And it did. “I've never felt anything like that before. How did you do that?”
“I gave you all of me, and in return, you gave me all of you. I’ve marked you. You are mine for life now. Marking you has made you my mate.”
What have I gotten myself into? “I'm your mate? Does that mean I’m going to turn into a werewolf?” I ask, scared of what that may be like. Before he answers, I add one more statement, “All this explains why you can have sex as many times as you want without waiting in between.”
“I told you I’m not a typical guy, I’m a whole different breed.” He's lying on his side, raised up on his elbow, watching my every reaction.
The first time we had sex together, he told me that. It makes sense now. 
“Let’s start from the beginning. Get all the secrets out in the open. I’ve got some questions myself. Like, why didn't you run when you saw a vampire and a werewolf fighting? You weren't scared at all. I read your mind while I was fighting the vampire. You were thinking you know how to kill a vampire, but you don't know how to kill a werewolf. And where did your strength come from when you broke free of my grip? I can tell there's something more than human about you, but I don't know what it is.” His look tells me he still has so many more questions, but he wants to start here.
“Being a stunt double in the movies is my cover-up. Although I greatly love being a stunt double, I live a secret life as a vampire assassin. I just recently found out the vampires have named me their Ange De La Mort. I’m their Angel Of Death/the Grim Reaper to the vampire world.”
Ryder has a look of pure shock on his face. “That's you? You’re the vampires’ Angel of Death? You are very well known in the supernatural world.” He continues without pausing, “That explains why you weren't scared. How did you become a vampire assassin? When? How long?” Ryder's not sure which question to ask first.
“First, how am I well known in the supernatural world?” That fact has me taken aback.
“Though only the vampires know what you look like, the Weres have all heard of you. We hope you never begin to assassinate the Weres. We've heard how ruthless you can be.”
Interesting. “I may be ruthless, but I get the job done. One way or another. Not all my kills are vicious or sadistic.”
“I've met a few vamps and a few Weres who would argue that.” He looks flat serious. 
“Weird, anyway, I became a vampire assassin when I turned eighteen. I’m told many, many centuries ago a witch put a curse on my family. The witch made my family immortal, but cursed us with a life of Sisyphean, by forever killing vampires.” I shrug as I tell him, “I really don't feel like it's a curse, I love being a vampire assassin.”
“So your parents are vampire assassins too? Is it your mother’s or your father's family who was cursed?”
“My mom's family is the cursed family. Somewhere in the curse it forces the one you marry to become a vampire assassin too. My parents are no longer assassins, though. The curse ends once the firstborn child turns eighteen. Then the curse is passed to that eighteen-year-old.”
“What if you never have kids?”
“I will live forever as a vampire assassin. My parents are over one hundred years old.”
Ryder looks even more shocked by that statement, “Wow. Over a hundred? I never would have guessed.”
“They've begun to age now that they're no longer immortal,” I point out. 
“Do you kill all vampires, or how do you decide who to kill?”
“My family made an agreement with the Master Overlord.”
Ryder looks stunned by the fact I know who the Master Overlord is. He can tell I’m telling him the truth, but the fact that I know about the Master Overlord proves to him I know more about the supernatural world than he thought.
“The Master Overlord made a deal with us. He would appoint a master to each determined area. These masters are to keep their vampires under control, and kill the ones they can't control. When a master fails to keep track of an out-of-control vampire, the Master Overlord will telepathically give me my missions of who to kill. My eyes will turn jet black, so my vision is gone, and my hearing disappears.”
“That's why your eyes were black when you fell off the ladder?” I nod yes, and he asks, “So you went to London the following day. Was that really for a movie audition or to kill a vampire?”
It tore me up to lie to him. I’m glad I can finally tell him the truth. “To kill a vampire. The vampire I was sent to kill was the Master of London. It was a difficult job, but I got it done.”
“What reason did the Master Overlord give you for wanting the Master of London dead?”
“He told me something about the Master of London going rogue. Keeping humans as prisoner to feed his creations.” I don't remember his exact words. 
“So do you get paid for these assassinations?”
“Once I’ve killed the vampire the Master Overlord tells me to, he has a large chunk of money deposited into my account. Another bonus to agreeing to do the Master Overlord's dirty work. I don't get paid to kill vampires I catch breaking vampire laws out on the street.”
Ryder scrunches his face, looking slightly disgusted. “I really don't want to ask, but I have to know. If you went to London to kill vampires, was the female you cheated on me with a vampire?”
A feeling of embarrassment rushes my face. I tell him, “Yes,” then quickly look away from him. He told me he forgave me for what happened in London because of the Ecstasy. Will he still feel the same, knowing it was a vampire?
He raises his hand to my chin, turning my head to look back at him. “It's okay. I’m not going anywhere. Them giving you X makes more sense now. I know vampires can only get high by drinking the blood of someone on the drug.”
I’m beyond relieved he still forgives me. I’m happy about the fact he knows about vampires. “Since we're getting everything out in the open, I want to let you know they didn't just drug me with X. Later, the Master of London gave me Acid.”
“Candy land,” Ryder states. Which I have no idea what that means. “Did you have a good trip or a bad trip on the Acid?”
“A very, very bad.” A cold shiver runs down my spine as I recall that night. “When we got out of there, we ran as fast as we could away from the castle. Dallas was behind me, but I thought it was a dragon chasing me.”
Ryder looks like he's about to interrupt me, but stops himself.
“Dallas had to tackle me down, and show me he wasn't a dragon. He carried me back to our hotel. Covered in blood and dirt, I wanted to take a shower before going to bed. I thought the drug had worn off, but it hadn’t.” I shiver again as I remember. “I let the water run over my face, and when I opened my eyes, snakes were dropping onto my face. They were crawling out of the drain, the toilet, the sink. They covered the floor.” I purposely leave out Dallas coming in after hearing me screaming. “I don't ever, ever want to experience that again.”
“I'm sorry you had such a bad trip.” He talks like he has experienced it. 
To be honest, that wouldn't surprise me, he did admit to trying X.
“So how did you truly escape from there? Wait, first answer how Dallas could keep up with you. Is he immortal too?”
“I can share some of my powers with a human. They have to be a full-blooded human. My parents can't feed off of my powers because they used to be immortal.” After telling him that, I inform him about how Selene helped us escape.
“I wish I could have been the one to save you. If you would have had my blood before you left, I would have known you were in trouble.”
I shrug, wishing the same thing now that I know he's a werewolf, but it's in the past now.
“So if your parents are over a hundred years old, and you could live forever as a vampire assassin, if you don't have kids, then can nothing can kill you?” he asks, confused.
“Of course I can be killed. Just as I’m sure you can be. But a simple bullet will not kill me. I'll be injured, but I'll heal fairly fast.”
“What can kill you?”
That's a question even Dallas doesn't know the answer to. “What can kill you?”
I expected him to say, “Touché”, but instead he says, “You're my mate now. I hold no secrets from you. Silver directly to the center of my heart will kill me, but it can't be off by even an inch or it will only injure me, and burn my insides. If silver touches our skin it's like acid,” he explains. “I can also be killed by being decapitated. If I’m lit on fire and not put out quickly, that could kill me, but only in werewolf form.” He waits for a reaction.
I’m not sure if I should tell him how I can be killed, but he was one hundred percent honest with me. “I can only be killed by acts of mother nature. Earth, air, wind, or fire. My mom says if I’m dumb enough to go out in a tornado, I’m dumb enough to lose my life.”
“That's it?” he asks, astounded. “You can't be killed by having your heart ripped out or your head decapitated? What if a vampire releases its venom into you? That won't kill you?”
“I can be killed by having my heart ripped out alive and burned, and I can be killed by being decapitated, but I won't die unless they set me on fire after decapitating me.” He looks oddly relieved by that fact. “If a vampire releases it venom into me, it will very temporarily paralyze me. I regain feeling in less than a minute, but it gives the vampire a chance to get away from me. The venom also slows me down slightly. Kind of makes me feel like I have a fever coming on.” His facial expression doesn't seem as shocked anymore. “Why did you look relieved when I told you I can be killed by having my heart ripped out alive and burned?” If I didn't ask, the thought would have eaten at me.
“I'm not relieved you can be killed that way,” he says bluntly. “I just thought if you can only be killed by acts of Mother Nature, you must be more immortal than me.” He shrugs. “Guess a hint of jealousy crossed my mind, to not have that kind of power.”
“I'm really not very powerful. I have sensitive hearing, so I did hear Dynasty mentioning your second life when you two were dancing, and if I was worth the risk of losing everything. I also heard her say something about you having protection over me?” 
Ryder looks surprised, wondering what else I’ve heard, but he doesn't ask, wanting me to continue.
So I do, “I have speed and strength. I have quick reflexes. I can hypnotize someone, but not if they also have the power to hypnotize. I can sense danger, and I heal faster than a human. What kind of powers do you have? I know you can read people’s minds in werewolf form.”
Ryder breaks eye contact with me, looking at the sheets. The only light in the room is from the glow of the fish tank, but I can tell he has a guilty look on his face. “Well, not every human. Just those who are protected by the pack, and other Weres in Were form.”
“So how did I get that protection?” I ask, expecting to be mad about the answer, because of the guilty reaction he's giving me.
He's still not looking at me. “Tonight wasn't the first night you've had my blood.” The guilt is rising in his voice. “You weren't dreaming the night you woke with me standing over your bed. If you mentioned it, I would have told you the truth, but you didn't. And I didn't know how to bring it up.” He finally looks up at me. “You have the pack’s protection, because you've drunk my blood. My blood can also help you heal faster. So no hangover the next day. All the marks from your vampire escapade, and me scratching your back should have been gone the next day.” He pauses and then finishes telling me, “You’re now my mate for life, because I’ve had your blood, at the same time you drank mine.” He's waiting for me to get mad.
Before I can get mad I need to know, “I've had your blood and I remember you scratching your claws down my back that night. Am I going to turn into a werewolf?”
His answer knocks my breath away. “I hope so.” His eyes flash a glowing gold as he tells me he this. “You're my mate. I’ve marked you, and that alone should turn you into a werewolf.” The animal in him is showing the excitement through his body. The human in him is worried, wondering if I'll accept my new life to come.
I stare into his beautiful starry eyes, trying to find the answer to how I should feel. My response surprises even me as the words leave my mouth, “I'm not mad, Ryder.” 
He looks at me like I’ve just spoke a foreign language.
“I'm disappointed, because it's a night that keeps flashing in my mind. The dream felt so real.” I pause before saying, “I guess because it was.” 
A thought crosses his mind, but he's not saying it out loud. 
“So you can read the minds of the pack and anyone protected by the pack when you're in werewolf form. That must get overwhelming, hearing all those voices in your head at the same time.”
“We have to focus on the pack member or members we want to talk with telepathically. So it's really not too bad.”
“So when did you become a werewolf? And what other kind of powers do you have?”
“I got my werewolf powers when I turned seventeen. Because a male becomes a full werewolf at the age of seventeen, gaining all the powers, in werewolf culture you go from boy to man when you turn seventeen. As for the powers I have. I have the usual powers, heightened hearing, speed, and strength. I can fog a person’s thoughts.”
I interrupt, “How is that different from hypnotizing?”
“When you fog a person’s thoughts, it's literally just that fogging a person’s current thought process. With hypnotizing you can hypnotize the person to never remember what happened. When you fog a thought, the memory can come back unexpectedly. Fogging also takes a risk of what they call the butterfly effect. 
I tilt my head, wanting him to explain it more.
“Say I fogged your mind to not know I’m a werewolf. By fogging your mind on something that important, I risk you never remembering me. Does that make sense?”
“I think so. Basically fogging is more dangerous than hypnotizing?”
“More or less,” he shrugs, not sure if I really understand.
Getting back on track, I ask, “What other powers do you have?”
“Talking telepathically to the pack or any other shifter when in Were form. I can tame a wild dog with my eyes. One thing I’ve always been grateful for is the ability to think on clothes after changing out of werewolf form.”
“If you can think in clothes, why didn't you earlier? Just wanted to torture me, didn't you?”
He chuckles, “Yeah, it was fun watching you try to keep your eyes off my body.”
I give him a playful slap on the arm.
“I can only think on clothes immediately out of werewolf form. If I hesitate, no clothes.” A sensitive look crosses his eyes. “So, do you remember everything about the night you had my blood?”
The proposal, oh yeah I remember the proposal. “I remember everything,” I say with emphasis. 
I can see his white teeth bright in the dark as an uncontrollable smile crosses his face. “And?” he asks, wanting to know if my answer is still yes.
“And I want a do-over.”
The smile drops from his face quicker than a hot dime. His smile is replaced by a worry line in his forehead. 
“I was drunk and drugged on Benadryl. I thought I was dreaming. I want a do-over. You need to ask me again when I’m not drunk.”
His smile reaches his eyes this time as he climbs out of the bed to grab his jeans lying on the floor. 
Confused, I asked, “When did you go get your clothes?” 
“When you were passed out,” he tells me in a confident voice, knowing he was the reason I passed out. 
He's pulls something out of his pocket. I can't see what it is. He has his hand closed snug around whatever it is.
Still naked, he moves down to one knee beside the bed, taking my hand.
Oh shit, he's going to ask me again now. I wasn't expecting him to do it right away. I move closer to the edge of the bed so he doesn't have to reach as far to hold my hand.
He turns the lamp on my nightstand on and holds up a heart-stopping ring. I really think my heart just skipped several beats.
The ring is about as wide as a pencil and has diamonds inset, circling the entire band. The center diamond is a pure cut, flawless diamond in the shape of an oval, and is about the size of a penny.
“It's not as beautiful as you, but I hoped it would take your breath away.”
I break my awe-struck eyes from the ring to look into Ryder's eyes, catching my breath back and holding it in.
“Tori, I love you. You’re more than just my mate as a werewolf. You are my soul-mate. You have captivated my heart, so I’m giving you my heart and my soul. I want to begin and end my day starting with you until the day I die. You know me inside and out, and accept me for who and what I am. You touch me physically in a way no other woman can. I promise to cherish the ground you walk on, and treat you like the goddess you are. I promise to take a silver bullet for you.” His smile grows big and his eyes are glowing bright as he tells me, “I promise to pleasure you in the bedroom, the way no one else ever could. My beautiful, divine Tori, will you marry me?”
I finally let loose the breath I'm holding at the same time I tell him, “Yes. Yes, I will marry you.”
He comes flying off the floor, pulling me off the bed, and wrapping me in his arms. He’s spinning me around like a scene in an old movie, except in the movies, the actors are always fully clothed.
I just told the most gorgeous man I’ve ever met I will marry him. My high school crush has just become my fiancé.
He locks his lips over mine, sending sparks into my mouth. His kiss is shocking and enticing for so much more.
He lays us back down onto the bed, “At the risk of sounding too cliché, you have made me the happiest man in the world.”
Happy tears are escaping my eyes.
He licks away my tears, no longer having to hide the true Ryder, “Don't cry, my beauty.”
“Happy tears. And you're not too cliché. No other man’s eyes literally light up when they hear a yes,” I tell him, placing my hands on each side of his face and pulling his lips back to mine. I whisper against his lips, “Will you make love to me?”
“You never have to ask that. I will always make love to you.”
He turns the lamp off and spreads his love over me, making feel like the beauty he tells me I am. 
Chapter 29

Later that night, I call Dallas to tell him I’m engaged to a werewolf. Dallas tells me love truly is blind, I should be upset my fiancé hopes I will turn into a werewolf. Especially after he didn't ask permission to mark me. Love may be blind, because I can't find an ounce anger inside me to be mad about the situation.
I don't know how soon Ryder wants to tell his parents about us. When we do tell them we'll have to deal with the wrath his parents will unleash when we tell them he has destroyed Alpha tradition by taking on another mate. 
Ryder is meeting my parents for the first time tomorrow. Since they are aware of the supernatural world, he plans to tell them he's a werewolf. That's when I will also tell them Ryder and I are engaged. Their reaction could go either way. Happy I’m marring a man and not a woman. Or pissed because I’m in another abnormal relationship, and I’m engaged to not only a werewolf, but also someone I’ve only been dating for two weeks.
I'll let you know how meeting the parents goes. Wish me luck. 

















Preview to book two of
The Vampires Ange De La Mort,
Meet The Parents

Chapter 1

“You want to run that by me again, Ryder? I thought I just heard you say you cheated on me.” My heart is sitting in my throat. Please tell me I misheard him.
“You heard me. I cheated on you, Tori.” He says it so casual, like it's something he says all the time.
I'm fighting back tears. A war I will soon lose. “I can't believe this. We just got engaged. Why the hell would you ask me to marry you, then cheat on me?”
He's sitting at my kitchen table, looking cocky and confident. The back of the chair is to the table. He's got one arm leaning on the table, showing off his biceps. His other holding onto his leg in a typical guy 4-shape seated position. “I just don't want there to be any secrets between us. I messed up and I'm telling you.” 
I've been eying the empty bottle of wine sitting on the counter next to me. Fuck the tears. I grip the empty bottle with my sweaty, angry hands, wishing it was his neck I had a tight grip on. I feel my nails dig into my palms before whipping the wine bottle at his head.
He tilts his head to the side as if he were a mind reader, knowing exactly where the bottle would hit him if he didn't move. Of course he doesn't have to be a mind reader to avoid being hit by the bottle, he's a werewolf with the typical fast reflexes.
I grab the container of cooking utensils off the counter, throwing it at him. The toaster is next, something is bound to hit him. I'll throw anything in my sight at this cheating bastard. The spatulas, and large mixing spoons bounce off his chest, and the he catches the toaster like a quarterback. 
“I can't stand the sight of your face.” I feel vile forming in my throat. “Pack your shit and get the fuck out of my house!” I throw my cast iron skillet at him. As he stands, it completely misses him. 
He makes his way back to my bedroom to pack his things. I feel like I need to throw up. I'm weakening at the knees, letting the cabinet ease me down to the floor. Burying my face into my now soaking, wet hands from my tears. How could he do this to me? We literally just got engaged. I thought he was the one. He is the one. But how can I ever forgive his betrayal? I have to remind myself he did forgive me when I cheated on him with Selene. He still forgave me even after he found out she's a vampire. Maybe I can forgive him.
Forcing myself to stand, I use the counter to help pull me up. Looking down the hall into my bedroom, I can see him gathering all his belongings into a pile on my bed. I lean against the doorframe to help balance my shaking body from falling over.
“Ryder, I don't want you to go.” He stops in mid-step, holding his shampoo and body wash. “You forgave me when I cheated on you with Selene,” I pause before telling him what I hope is the truth. “I can forgive you for cheating on me if you can promise to never cheat on me again.”
He tosses his shampoo and body wash on top of his pile of clothes. “I'm sorry, Tori, but I can't promise I will never cheat on you again.” He's calm telling me the truth.
If I was a snake, my jaw would dislocate itself, dropping to the ground, and moving forward to swallow him whole. Crushing his bones into a painful, agonizing death. Since I'm no reptile, I begin punching him, full of immortal strength. “I can't believe you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you!” I repeat myself over and over like a broken record.
My eyes are shut tight. I don't want to look at him anymore. He wraps his large hands around my wrists to stop me from hitting him. A feeling of unconsciousness over whelms me, fading black before passing out. Falling backwards onto my bed, all I can hear is myself screaming those three words over and over before total blackness.






ABOUT THE AUTHOR

BSM Stoneking is most well known for her series, The Vampires Ange De La Mort, a supernatural erotica series based on a secret vampire assassin who falls in love with the man of her dreams. Certain he's "the one" she has no idea the man of her dreams has a secret bigger than her own. The erotic scenes in this book are well known, but the storyline is unforgettable.

Though her main focus in writing supernatural erotica, she does also have a few erotic short stories available. These short stories were written to flood the reader with a feeling of lust. And her stories do just that!

All of BSM Stoneking's books and/or short stories overflow with Adult Only content.


BSM Stoneking wants to stay in touch.

Follow her on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BSMstoneking 

Like her page on Facebook: www.facebook.com/bsmstoneking

Also add her as a friend on Facebook to interact with her: Author Bsm Stoneking

Other works by BSM Stoneking:

The Vampires Ange De La Mort - Meet The Parents
Lena’s Security
Lena’s Security - Day 2

http://www.amazon.com/BSM-Stoneking/e/B00K3VF49I/ 










