The Demon Legacy
Secret of the Demon: Part Two

Robert Taylor

Smashwords Edition
 
Copyright 2013 Robert Taylor

Original Cover Image:  

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Preface

The rich black of night draped over the deep woods. A mist crept through the trees. The noiseless forest was damp. Along an unmarked path, a traveler moved with stealth and speed.  The figure breathed softly, feeling the rise and fall of his chest as he hurried.  The laughter of drunken souls emerged out of the mist. In the distance, he spotted the light of a lantern through the dense brush.  He directed his course toward the light.
The lantern hung on a post at the side of a road leading into the small trade city of Kanaris.  Opposite the lantern stood a log building nestled deep in the trees.  As the traveler approached he heard a new burst of laughter from within the log building.  The sign over the tavern door pictured mug heavy with ale.  The traveler moved to the tavern entrance. The man flung his brown leather cloak aside, revealing a vest of shining black chain mail.  He drew an ebony crystalline saber from its scabbord. With a single kick, the tavern door flew open.  Several drunken locals sat at the bar and tables.  All but one looked over at the sudden entrance. The traveler's eyes focused in one the one man that didn't look over; a tall man with green eyes. He sat alone at a table in the corner. The traveler's heavy steps echoed in the stuffy room. The green eyed man didn’t look up.    
The traveller pulled back his blade and thrust it forward.  The green eyed man collapsed across the table spilling over his full glass. No one moved. The traveler sheathed his stained weapon and disappeared out into the fog.   
A loud scream followed him into the night.

Chapter 1: Mourning Light

The sun hid behind the thick clouds in the overcast sky. It had been three days now of steady rain with hardly a break. A young man with long spindly brown hair sat looking outside the second story window of the inn.  He focus was Whiller's Tavern across the street. Raunst was hot on the trail of his father's assassin. 
It had been a year since the stranger had appeared and murdered his father in cold blood. Raunst hunted day and night for revenge. His constant search had led him to a band of traders moving their wears north about a month back.  He had been told in great detail of a recent transaction the traders had with a figure matching the description he provided.  A week ago he had overheard a conversation while resting at an inn.  A man told of a cloaked character he had bartered with over some feed for his horse.  Raunst had conferred with the man and learned the stranger was headed east.  He had followed the trail and now he waited and watched the main road through Narkin and its only tavern. 
The weariness of his long ride crept through his muscles. His eyelids fell for a moment, and his frame dropped. The rain came to a sudden halt, he jolted awake. 
At that moment a cloaked traveller appeared down the road.  Raunst observed as the figure sauntered into the tavern. The dark leather cloak drifted apart offering a glimpse of a shining black object underneath. He collected his sword and dagger and hurried downstairs.  He slipped out from the inn onto the loose stone road.  Then Raunst entered the tavern. 
Several people had plates heaped with stewed potatoes and chicken. Others had only a drink. His eyes drifted from table to table. 
They locked in on the cloaked figure.  Raunst watched as the stranger removed the cloak. He gasped.  Golden brown locks of hair fell down around the shoulders of a feminine figure.  He scanned her head to toe.  The woman carried a black crystalline saber and adorned a glimmering chain mail vest. If this was not his father's killer, it was certainly an acquaintance. The lady sat, facing away from him.
Raunst's mind collected back to full reason. He started toward the mysterious woman with a nonchalant walk, as if he would pass her by, but as he came upon the table his body moved quickly and he sat firmly in the chair opposite her.
"Yes?" the woman eyed him, he could see her sizing him up.
“You look familiar.” Raunst said.
“I don’t know you.”  Her piercing blue eyes met his straight on.
“What’s your allegiance?”  Raunst was determined to spark conversation.
The woman looked over her shoulder then back at Raunst. “My allegiance?”
“Certainly no one wearing a fancy get up such as that does it with a guild backing; unless you are just exuberantly wealthy with poor taste.”
“Is it local custom to intrude upon a woman’s lunch?”
“I couldn’t say, I’m not from around here.”  He placed his hand on the table and waived over the barkeep.  He was a stocky fellow with high cheeks and dark hair.  “Two drinks.”  
The barkeep escaped with a nod.
“I don’t want to drink with you.”
“I wasn't looking for your permission.”
The woman’s soft features narrowed.  A small smirk crossed her lips as she leaned forward.  “It’s not a problem for me to disconnect your tongue if you don’t know how to stop it on your own.”  She leaned back in her chair.
The threat, though hollow in his mind, pressed his impatience. “What do you know of the name Christopher Baltir?” The emotion fell from Raunst's face.
She gave a sigh. “I don’t know who that is.  Can you go now?”
"I am looking for someone wearing armor similar to yours; a tall man with dark eyes and a scarred face." 
"And who are you?"  Her expressive glance when she asked the question seemed to invite him closer.
"I am Raunst, Christopher Baltir was my father."
The woman turned her eyes away, quite bored. "This really isn’t very interesting."
"My father was murdered by the man I speak of. You must know who I mean."  The anger in his voice was suppressed only by his chivalry.
"I believe it would serve you well to leave your father in your memory and build yourself a life thinking no more of revenge."
“I asked if you knew of the man who killed my father, not what you believed was best for me."
"I don’t."
The barkeep dropped the drinks on the table; ale spilled over of the sides of both cups and trickled across the grainy wooden surface.  
“Now take your drinks and go away.” With a flick of her wrist, she produced a dagger.  She held the weapon just above the table with the point towards Raunst.  The small object was unnoticed by the other patrons.
“Fine.  Fine.” Rausnt’s chair screeched as he stood. He carried one of the pints off to the bar. He sat there and huddled over it.  He didn’t turn around again to look her way.
Psydra kept her breath even as she watched him from the edge of her peripheral vision.  She almost broke out into laughter watching him hold so rigidly in place. It was a simple cat and mouse game designed just as much to draw him in as it was confuse him.  Too much information all at once, would drive him the wrong way.
She took her time finishing her meal and exited the tavern.  Raunst gave her a moment then followed out. He panned the street fearing he waited too long and that she had escaped. Then he caught sight of her heavy cloak down the street.  She handled a ripe red apple out of a vender’s cart, rolling it in her palm.  Raunst kept his distance.  He watched her pay the merchant and head away further down the street.  
Tailing her down the main road of Narkin posed Raunst little challenge.  The many alleyways and shop carts made it easy to stay out of sight.  It was only a short walk before the street opened out into sparse huts.  He stayed a great distance back as he followed to be sure he remained hidden.
Into the depths of the woods he followed Psydra, it was a good four hours before she stopped to rest.  He was nearly out of breath.  Raunst had not taken the time to fill his water skin.  His dry throat ached as the sun beat down from overhead.  He kept off the trail a small ways in the brush and watched her.
Psydra sat down in a clearing on a large stone.  The cloak came off and she draped it next to her.  She produced the apple from the market and took a large bite.  Raunst's stomach gurgled expectantly.  He had no means to satiate its request.  He looked down around his feet remembered having seem some berries along the ground a ways back.  Finding nothing of interest he looked back up the path.  Psydra was gone.
At first he expected she had moved off as she was eating to get a different vantage, but she was nowhere.  Had she continued ahead?  The young man emerged from the woods and marched cautiously but quickly down the path.  Raunst froze and scanned the area as he passed through the clearing.  The lady had disappeared.  She could have never run so far.  
He checked behind, had she seen him coming?  He heard a rustling from the trees nearby, he jumped back and reached for his sword.  The handle slipped right through his fingers.  The sound moved closer, Raunst stumbled to the ground.
“Who goes there?”
The rustling paused.  Within the secrecy of a small tree a grey squirrel perched and stared back at the grounded fool.  Raunst stood up and shoed the rodent with a wave. 
“You must be the absolute worst tracker, ever.” Psydra hovered over him.
Raunst shook his head.  The man hopped up and turned around squaring off with the beautiful woman from the tavern.  In the afternoon light, Psydra had an even more radiant appearance than she had in the dark tavern.  She stood with one hand resting firmly upon her hip and the other on the hilt of her sheathed blade.
“Take me where I want to go.  I am through being polite about this.” Raunst kept and even tone, despite his frustration. 
“Are you now?  So are you going to draw that sword, too?”
The weapon sheath was slung gently over his shoulder.  Raunst thought carefully on her taunt, before accepting the challenge.  The blade screamed as he drew it swiftly with all of his force.  Psydra drew her sword first. Raunst aimed to extend his blade at her. The armored lady whacked his hand with the flat of cold crystal sabre.  The nerves in Raunst's hand shuddered and his fingers went numb.  Raunst's weapon dropped. He cupped his wounded hand in the other.
Psydra smiled. “You thought I was joking around?” 
Raunst’s eyes became slits. The glint of the whites of his eyes showed his annoyance.  The point of her blade hovered near his chest as her face revealed her satisfaction.  He struck down her blade with his palm. The strike put her off balance. Raunst scooped up his sword of the ground.  He raised his sword in time to parry her next attack.  The swords crossed right at his face, his grip holding firm as she pressed him.  The black crystalline saber came into focus.  
Raunst thrust his weapon, throwing Psydra off.  He retreated two steps back into the road.  Psydra readied herself to defend his next attack.  Raunst hesitated, considering whether to further engage the lady.  The edge of her mouth twitched, it was a subtle clue most would have missed, but Raunst’s careful watch would not be outdone twice.  
The ready youth sidestepped as her blade came at him.  His sword struck just above Psydra’s hilt.  Pivoting in on his right foot he disarmed her and closed the distance in a single motion.  The lady put up her arm and he seized it in his hand.
“Gotcha!”  
Her other hand came up on top of his twisting his hands with a powerful vengeance.  The force dropped Raunst to the ground face first.  She threw her leg over his shoulder and straddled his neck.  Raunst’s arms flailed for a place to dislodge his attacker.  The lady held firm as his vision started to spin.  The air became thick as his lungs slowed down.  His hands struggled to reach beyond his own throat.  
Just as he felt he was slipping into blackness, Psydra stood and released her stranglehold.  Raunst hacked and coughed as the air rushed deep inside his chest.  Psydra picked up her sword and prodded him with the point as he rolled on the ground.  Raunst waived her off with his hands.
“Fine, don’t help me.”  He wheezed as he spoke.  “Go.  I’ll find him myself.”
“What if I did help you?”
She showed a disciplined, but genuine look on her face.  Raunst clamored to his knees.  His chest rose and fell with heavy breathes as his body resettled from the defeat.  He  began to digest his confusion with the woman’s offer.
“I don’t understand.”
The armored female forced the crystalline edge back into its sheath.  She extended her black gauntlet covered hand to him.
Raunst stood on his own without aide.  His hands brushed loose the dirt on his pants.  “And you are?”
“I am Psydra.”   The lady righted her cloak and tossed her blonde hair back into place.  “Do you know of the man named Xero?”
“What does this have to do with my father’s killer?”  
“Much.”
Raunst thought on the subject a moment, he had heard the name a few times in his travels, but never in relation to his own father.  Xero was a revolutionary in the southern lands; story was that he led substantial rogue force and carved out a new country there.  Merciless, but so had been many kings over history.  
“What about him?”
 Psydra stepped closer, her voice dropped in volume.  “The man is a witch demon, he commands a black power.  This man, Baltir, was one of his allies.”
Raunst frowned. “I don’t believe you, better try another story.”  
“I speak the truth.”
Raunst weighed the information in his mind, thinking back over his years with and without his father.  Raunst had often spent spells with his grandparents, but he had also spent much time with his father.  The boy’s mother was around even less, and she passed away when he was just nine.  It changed he and his father both to lose her.  After she died, Christopher rescinded from life.  He and Raunst spent less and less time together.  There was always a bond there Raunst felt, and love.  Raunst knew his father didn’t deserve to die.  
“What made this allegiance worth his life?”
“I believe I can answer that,” the voice came from behind him.  Raunst spun about but no one was there.  Psydra drew her sword.  The young warrior scrambled after his own blade, scooping it up.  A whisper in the wind grew steadily.  The air filled with a dusty smell .  Raunst steadied his sword as his eyes panned back and forth across the still forest thick.
“It’s him.”
The roaring wind changed to a low gurgle, then louder to a hint of a chuckle.  At once an eruption of maniacal laughter echoed all around.  Raunst backed up a step at a time, his head spinning round and round with no one in sight. Up the road, in the clearing, a shadow appeared.
“It’s a specter.”
“What?”  Raunst watched as the shadow materialized into the form of a man.  The conjured colossus had black short hair that rose into small pointed peaks.  The pupils in his eyes swirled with a faint red light.  He was broad and tall, wrapped in a dark cape.  The man was a good twenty paces off.  Raunst glanced at his companion; she was completely fixed on the man.
“I am so pleased to finally meet you, boy.”
“How do you know me?”The young warrior tightened his grip on his readied sword.
“As Psydra has already explained, I was acquainted with your father.  He and I were good friends.  Your father was a tremendous ally to me.  He would have been my equal someday, as could you.”
“Don’t listen to him; his words are spoken directly from his black heart.”
“Come with me Raunst, I will help you avenge your father’s murder.”  Xero said. 
Xero’s form moved closer, floating above the ground.  
“Ki-yah!” Psydra threw a small glass vial.  It bounced against the ground at the shadow's feet and lodged in the loose sand.  Xero paused and looked at it.  “Frivolous waste.”
“Jump!”  
Psydra was already off the road in the trees as she spoke.  A sudden burst of light appeared within the shadow.  Raunst felt a great heat as the light approached.  It cackled like a raging blaze.  The explosive wave overtook him as he sprang to dodge.  He toppled over, headfirst into a tree.  Raunst collapsed.  His body lay at the edge of the road, silent and motionless.

Chapter 2: Unbound

Raunst strained to open his sore eyes as they adjusted to the bright light. His vision focused on a young, dark skinned girl in a chair across the room. The child was knitting something that had yet to take shape. She looked up and gave a pleasant smile.
"About time you be waking up." The girl said. 
Raunst struggled to clear his thoughts.  A heavy ache in his temples alluded to his injury.  Then he could feel the bandages wrapped around his head.  Raunst moved his hand up to confirm, sliding it around the soft silk.  "Where am I?"
"You are in Blackport." The girl continued her knitting.
"How did I get here?" 
"Any friend of Psydra is a friend to us.  She dragged you down here needing a bed for you to recover. When you first appeared on our doorstep, I swore you was dead," the girl answered.
Raunst shot up. "Is she still here?"
"You should take it slow, you looked pretty beat up."
The young man swung his feet free of the bed, he was still in his clothes.  "I've had worse," Raunst twisted his neck back and forth to loose the stiffness. "I'm okay."
Bertha, an older woman with wavy silver hair, entered the room and looked at Raunst.
"Glad to see you." Bertha said.  "If you’re hungry I have some stew on that I can share with you.  Shadow Myst will be back for you soon."
"Shadow Myst?”
“Yes.”  The lady’s wavy hair danced as she shook her head.  
Raunst nodded.  “Thank you for the hospitality." 
His confusion only grew, who was Shadow Myst? Xero's words crept through his thoughts. Raunst had heard stories of magic and demons, but never come across one.  They had been defeated ages ago. Had his father truly been an ally to one?  How could Raunst have never known any of it?  
Bertha tipped her head and departed the room.  Raunst accounted for his belongings; they had been placed by the bed in an orderly fashion.  Gathering his arms and travel bag, he headed out.  The crowded house teamed with children.  In the kitchen, Bertha spooned out small portions of stew into worn bowls at a crocked table.  The kids began to swarm around.
"Why are there so many children here?" Raunst asked, hesitant to grab a bowl before any of the kids.
“I run an orphanage.  Some of these children were made orphans by the dark demon who threatens us now.  Xero must be stopped.”
“What can you tell me of this man?”
“Oh he is no man, I can’t say what he is, but a man he is not.  The fire buried in his eyes speaks of his black soul.  When he appeared twenty years ago in the southern continent, my husband and I were there.  We fought with the resistance then.  Shadow Myst was just a baby.”  The woman trailed off.  
“What happened?”
“Are you going to sit around here all day?”  Psydra leaned in the door from the outside, the sunlight behind her illuminated her blonde locks.  
"Good morrow, Shadow Myst." Bertha said.
Raunst didn't know what to think of her return, there were too many questions. “Where are we going?”
“There is a stronghold, not two days from here on foot.  That is where you will get your answers.”
“And my father’s killer?”
Psydra was hesitant to respond. “Yes, he is there.  I warn you bringing your vengeance now would only play to Xero’s favor.”
“I don’t know that I care.”        
After he finished eating, the two exited the orphanage.  Raunst gazed upon the town as they walked. Closed shutters, empty streets, it was a ghost town.  Blackport had been a bustling trade city for many years.  When Raunst had visited no more than a year before, the streets had been so crowded he had to push his way through. 
“Around the same time as our encounter with that specter, the real Xero was seen in the southern hills.  Riders reported that he’s got some kind of army, but they don’t know of what.”
“He's coming here?”
“Maybe, it’s just as likely that he’s come for us, and you,” Psydra's tone had more certainty than her words.
“Shadow Myst, I don't understand, why me?”
Psydra stopped and turned to him.  “Please, call me Psydra." She looked over Raunst. "Did your mother ever tell you anything?”  
“Nothing about this. She died when I was nine, before that I hardly remember her.”
“I’m sorry.  She was indeed a fierce woman.”  Psydra started along the path once more.  
“I do need to know one thing before I take another step.”  His tone was resolute.  
“Very well, ask me and I will try to answer.”
Raunst took a deep breath. “Why, did he kill my father?”
There was a long sigh.  “I never wanted it to come to this.  Your father used to be on our side.  Things changed for him after your mother died.  Chris was strong for a while, but time without her, changed him, weakened him.  By the time Talin found out that he was sharing information Xero, it was too late.  
“Many people died at Xero’s hand because of the information your father provided.  It was part retribution, part self defense.  He eluded my father-”
“Your father, Talin?”  Raunst’s hand was on her shoulder, the two were now standing still in the street.  
Psydra looked at his hand then directly into his eyes.  “Yes, my father.  He eluded my father for over a year.  He was a changed man by that time.”
“How so?” Raunst pressed.
“Xero’s darkness had infected him.  He wasn’t the man you knew.”
“No matter who he became, he was my father.”  Raunst held his tongue from speaking further.  The matter was now answered, but far from settled.  
Silence accompanied the two for the rest of the afternoon.  They made camp up a hillside backed against a rocky outcropping. A well made fire pit made it clear this was a favored spot for travellers.
That night, by the light of the small fire, Raunst deliberated over the story.  The distance between them after the loss of his mother had been great.  When his father died it may have been two years since Raunst had seen him.  Even that time he had seemed sad, maybe a bit colder. But they both had.  
Psydra sprang to her feet well after the dark had set in.  “Be still.”  She kicked dirt over the last remaining fire embers.  Keeping low behind the brush she peered out toward the road.  Raunst had propped up on his elbow and looked the same way.  Along the path a single figure slinked along.  It moved with a drunken stagger, easily a farmer heading home after a few too many rounds at the pub.  
Still, something odd existed in the silhouette.  The low clacking of hooves emerged.  A drunken horse, with no rider?  When the head turned his way the dim flash of its glimmering white eyes glinted in the moonlight.  Raunst had no name for the monster that he could now clearly render.  Its gaze lingered only a moment before it moved along.  The creature was roughly the same size as a horse.  It had four heavy legs.  The forelimbs were longer than the rear legs causing the uneven walk.  The silver moonlight masked the true color of the scales covering the monster.  Sharp fangs hung free of its open maw, glistening with moisture in the lunar glow.   
It passed down the road.  Psydra waited until she was certain it was clear before she spoke.
“One of Xero’s hellish minion’s, they are scouting now, but soon they will exist like a plague.”
“I have seen wizardry in my time, but this is like nothing else.”
“His power is very real, the specter we encountered was merely an image cast to distract us.  The real Xero is a much more lethal threat, as are the creatures he summons.”
“And you believe he is one of the fabled demon lords, returned intent to enslave us?”
“I don’t believe, boy, I know.  You better start believing it, too, no matter whose side you think you’re on, or you’re a dead man.”
“I appreciate the advice, but I’m not here to fight your war.  I’m interested in a confrontation with Talin, not Xero.”  Raunst settled his head on his hands lying back on the ground.  
Psydra looked over at the confident young man.  Seeing the demon creature had not caused him alarm.  Foolhardy.  The lady wanted to reveal more, that she had followed him long before he had ever tailed her.  Seeing him hunt high and low for leads on her father’s whereabouts, wanting terribly to share the truth.  The order had forbade it.
The allegiance between Xero and Raunst's father was never revealed enough to know if Christopher’s weakness had betrayed more than his country and his companions; had he given away his secret?  Xero knew of the boy either way now, her own tongue had spoken it plainly in the specter’s presence.  Xero would come for him, just as they had.  It was a thought she hesitated to accept, could Raunst really play such a large part in all of this?
The girl realized suddenly that he was gone. Between her watch and her straying thoughts her guard had lapse.  The hill was silent, the thick trees and brush masked much.  Without the fire’s light he could be a stone’s throw away and perfectly hidden.
“Raunst?”  Psydra spoke low with her first call.  The lady stood for a better vantage over the brush.  She picked up on the dark shape in front her right away, relieved he was still nearby.  Horror stuck as the large silver eyes rose from the thicket.  Her sword was on the ground, the creature drew back to spring.  There was no time.
Psydra dove to the ground and grabbed the blade’s handle.  Behind her came a terrible crash. Debris scattered from an explosion of  branches shattered from the monster's charge.  She lifted the sheathed weapon over her, prone on the ground, yelling, bracing for the crushing weight of the demon as it sprang to tackle her.
Raunst’s shadow hovered at the treeline.  he had watched the beast approach, and positioned himself to strike. Raunst swhis saber. The blade whistled through thr air.  The beast’s let loose a terrible screech as it leapt.  Raunst's strike caught the monster’s throat at the apex of its jump.  The head separated.  Its velocity carried it over Psydra crashing into the brambles behind.  The gigantic, scaled body crumbled onto the ground.     
Raunst looked up from the creature's body to Psydra. “You, okay?”    
The nasty head had landed just behind her, the body in front.  Psydra stood and dusted off her pants.  The man walked up out of the thicket and looked her over.  The beast hadn’t had the opportunity to inflict a wound, and his stealth strike didn’t appear to have caused any collateral damage.  A satisfied nod ended his review.  
“I know several places not far from here that will mask our camp for the night.”
Raunst poked at the warm carcass with his sword. “Not interested in staying here?”
Psydra took the lead out. She led them along a route off the roadway.   The second camp was secluded as promised.  A rain carved bowl in the rock provided ample shelter from the night breeze.  The clouds disperesed in the sky above, reavealing a handful of stars before Raunst shut his eyes to rest.
They were up before first light.  The two traveled west on and off the roads. It was midday when their course brought them to a ravine at the base of a mountain. Psydra circled the edge until she came to a thatched covering composed of dry shrubs and brush. From a distance, it may have provided some camouflage, but just a few steps away, Raunst could clearly see the cave behind.  Psydra pushed the cover aside.  Together they entered the dark passage.
A short walk in the dim light of the cave brought them to a door of solid metal. Psydra knocked once, waited, knocked again, waited, and then knocked three more times. They heard a latch behind the door being lifted and the door slowly opened outward. Light poured in from the opening revealing the man’s white beard and hair.  Adorning the black mail armor and wrapped in a loose wool cape, Maldrake Durees’s eyes twinkled at the sight of the girl.  
"Hello Maldrake," Psydra said.
Maldrake nodded to her and motioned to Raunst. 
Psydra responded. “Baltir’s boy.” 
“I have a lot of respect for your mother.  Hell of a fighter.”  Durees bowed his head to the boy in recognition.  Raunst responded in kind.  “You just made it back in time.”     
"What happened?" Psydra asked.  The two travelers entered the hollowed chamber.  The room was lit by a series of candles lining uneven shelves carved from the stone wall.  Muffled sounds could be heard from beyond the heavy oak door on the far side of the room.
"Scout party was ambushed last night, Maesys is dead, six-more wounded. They were attacked just south of Lion’s Ridge," Maldrake spoke with a soft sadness.
Psydra's hand covered her mouth. “That’s just a day’s ride out.”
Maldrake’s solemn nod echoed the fear in her statement.  “Talin has ordered everyone to pack up.  We’re leaving soon.”
"Where is he?" She asked.
"He was in the meeting hall." Maldrake set the bolt on the metal door.
Psydra motioned for Raunst to follow her.  She walked straight across the candle lit room. Beyond the heavy door, there was narrow hallway.  The hall led them into a great chamber.  Dark stained, round oak tables were placed in rows.  A group of seven sat around one of the large tables.  Five men and two women.  Raunst singled out the large man on the opposite side as they approached.  The man had short, curly black hair that held close to his head, and a full thick beard.    
In the sparse torchlight, it was hard to make out all of the details, but it was enough to match to what he had learned on his quest.  Raunst’s spark of recognition ignited the kindling of his rage. There was no doubt to him this was Talin. Raunst kept his face even as they approached. 
“Welcome home, Psydra." The man’s voice was deep, echoing off the walls of the chamber.
"Thank you, father," Psydra said. "I found him."
"I see that." Talin spoke with a flat tone. He turned to the others at the table.  "Make the final preparations as we discussed.  I need to speak with the boy, alone."
Raunst stood in place while the others left through a side door.  Psydra looked over her should as she walked out.  The door sealed behind her.
"I knew your father and mother very well.  Good people. "
Raunst approached the man slowly. His right hand was ready to grasp the blade at his back.  Talin stood up from the table, the man towered over Raunst.  The black mail armor peaked through the tunic covering his ox-like frame. 
"You killed my father." 
"This may be hard for you to understand. Your father had been taken from you long before the night I struck him down.  Sit.”
Raunst didn’t yield an inch.  Talin approached the young man.  Raunst embodied both of his parents well in his looks.  His mother’s hazel eyes and is father’s square cheeks.  Talin began to pace as Raunst stood.
“I never wanted to lead anyone in my life.  Your father was my inspiration.  I always thought it would be him in charge.  Your mother was incredible, too.  Lucky kid.”
“How can you?”  Raunst was enraged.  He could hardly believe the man would toy with him.
Talin spoke with a delicate seriousness.  “I was living in Sola Terrace, down south.  It was there I first met Xero.  I lived in the service to a lord there, and managed the occasional thug off his lands.  It was a good enough life. I had a wife, and we had been fortunate to have two daughters.
“Xero was brought to me as a criminal.  He killed one of the farmers in my lord’s care and refused to give cause.  There was a brutality to the crime that I will spare you, but it was an easy call for his execution.  I beheaded him.”
"If you killed him, then why is he still here?” Raunst asked.
“It was a month after his death that I met him again.  He invaded my home.  He killed my wife and my younger daughter.  I arrived just in time to save Psydra's life.  I killed him again that day, and that wasn’t the last time.”
“I met your father that same year.  Your father was hired as a mercenary by my Lord.  We were just a band of hired men, not at all prepared for Xero’s third appearance. Xero’s minions were few, but powerful.   Dark terrors called from the depths of nightmare.”
Raunst thought back to his encounter with the beast the previous night as Talin spoke on.
“They came in the night and attacked us. The keep could never have prepared for that size of an assault.  Xero and his monsters bested us and claimed the keep as his own.  Many died.  A few of us managed to retreat.  From within that keep, Xero plotted and waited.  His power and army grew further.” 
“But where did they all come from?”
Talin faced him from across the table.  “What do you know of the name, TecDemon?”
“Never heard it.”
“An ancestor of yours, on your mother’s side.  The history of your family was recorded in Enfirus.  It speaks of your bloodline, and of further of the demon Xero.  There were dark creatures in the old world.”
“I know the stories.  Ancient times when men and women spun magic spells and annihilated the monsters,” Raunst said.  It had been more than a thousand years since the last demon walked the earth.  If such things were true.
Talin continued, “Not all the demons were annihilated.  They live on, in one form or another.  By the tomes at Enfiris, we learned that Xero was expelled with ancient rites and magic.  But somehow he found a way from exile to our world.”
“Why can’t he be sent back?” Raunst asked.
“We looked. The ancient rites have disappeared over the ages.  At first we were able to fight him with just our steel and arrows, but as he grew stronger, this changed.  Your mother was very helpful in this matter.  She was the one that led us to Enfirus.”
“I didn’t spend a lot of time with my mother.”
“She loved you so.  Seline talked about you to no end.  Once Xero was gone, once it was safe, it was going to be all about you, Raunst.  Your father too, you had good parents.  If Xero had known about you sooner, you would not be alive.”
“What about me?”  Raunst took in the information, all of it rushing through his frenzied mind.  How could he even trust the man who, by his own tongue, murdered his father? 
“The texts at Enfirus, some were penned by TecDemon, he spoke of another demon.  A demon manifested here, in our world.   The monster’s power was channeled through a medallion.  This power was enough to defeat an entire army of ferocious demons.  Such a power could be strong enough to defeat Xero.”
“Where is this medallion?”
“No one knows. TecDemon’s writings referenced much about the greater demons, he wrote that the thoughts of the monster and his own would sometimes intermix.  He wrote of some of the demon inside, Peros.  He also spoke of other demons such as Xero, that been presumed defeated in ancient times.  His last entry spoke of the greater demon Gaunich.”  Talin gave Raunst the chance to speak.  
The young man had lost all certainty.  Raunst thought much on what to say next, but his mind could not provide him anything.  Thinking over the story, he sequenced out each part of what Talin was telling him.  
“Why wasn’t I here with your band before?”  Raunst asked.
“Your mother knew of my loss, she wouldn’t risk having you meet the same end.  Especially after the things we learned at Enfirus.”
“Psydra told me that my father gave Xero information.”
“Yes.”
“People died?”
“Yes.”
“Was that all?”
The dark haired man took a deep breath.  “After your mother died Raunst, his sadness never went away.  One of the books at Enfirus talked about demons commanding enough power to restore life.  Christopher had this idea that he could get leverage on Xero in some way.  He became misguided, I have no doubts Xero was leading him on.  After a while, Xero raided several of our hidden outposts, many died.  At first, I didn’t know Chris was responsible.  When I finally learned how the information had been leaked, he had vanished.
“I followed him for a long while, but your father, he always stayed one step ahead.  I knew he was descending further into darkness, his dealings with Xero had been tainted.  The demon’s poisonous magic was unraveling his mind, he wrote to me of his pain.”
“He wrote to you, as you stalked his life?” Raunst shook his head, it didnt make sense.
“Chris was ready to die.”
Raunst wanted to reach for sword on his back, “Lies.” He held firm.
Talin stepped closer to Raunst. “Your father loved you. The demon’s power called to him.  Forcing Chris to surrender his will to Xero.  Your father and I knew others that had succumbed to the spell, and that they became mindless slaves to the dark one.  Before he lost all control, he wrote to me in desperation, asking me to spare him this fate.  He confided that he had yet to share your secret with Xero, but didn’t know that he could for much longer.  You had to be protected.
“Son of Seline, as a descendant of the ancient line of TecDemon, are able to wield the power of this medallion.  I swore to your mother that I would keep you safe and not reveal you to Xero until we had it.  There is little time left to find it.  Xero’s armies were coming; we could wait no more.”
Raunst absorbed everything about his father as well as his own existence.  The weight of his sword became apparent, he was so close to the man that had taken his father’s life, but had it really been Xero’s power that did him in?   
“Why should I believe you?” Raunst asked.
“Come with me." Talin led him to a marked passage with no door.  The narrow tunnel had no light of its own and soon the darkness fully overtook them.  Raunst followed the echo of footsteps.
“Just ahead, now.”  Talin’s voice carried loudly in the space.  Raunst stumbled and collapsed over a soft but sturdy object.     
“Sorry, this will only take a moment.”  Talin sounded no further than arm's length.  
The room illuminated with cool yellow light.  Talin stood several paces off holding a glowing orb as thick as the width of his hand.  Talin placed the orb atop a silver holder where it rested perefectly.  He crossed the modest space to engraved wood cabinet.  Talin’s hand pulled open the large door.  The cabinet held a vest of black chain mail, a blue cape, and a sword. Raunst had never seen a sword like it. The weapon had a uniquely ornate craftsmanship.  The handle of the weapon had been modeled after a dragon; the dragon's head open mouthed at the base of the hilt. Nestled in the open dragon mouth rested a small red gem.  Its crimson hue glowed, saturating the air around it. The razor this blade had been constructed of the same black crystalline material as the other swords he saw others in Talin's order carry.  
Climbing to his feet, Raunst walked forward and pulled it from the cabinet. It was almost weightless. His fingers ran down the length of the smooth blade. 
“This belongs to you.” Talin's words fell on deaf ears.
Raunst spun the weapon slowly to see both sides of the black blade.  His arm extended and the edge came to Talin’s throat.  Raunst waited for the fear to show in the man’s eyes. He could not find a hint of it as he watched.    
Raunst held the man's gaze. “You killed my father, why shouldn’t I kill you?”
“Xero is on his way here to kill all of us.  I will make my stand here.  By your hand or by his, I am a dead man today.  There is nothing more that I can do for myself.  But my daughter, Raunst, she deserves more,” Talin said.
The weight of the sword balanced perfectly.  To slit the man’s throat would have taken little effort.  Raunst caught the glint of a tear in his eye.  From behind, a door creaked.  
“Raunst!” Psydra shreiked.  
His resolve and his weapon collapsed at the sound of her voice.   Psydra pulled the black blade from the sheath at her waste.  She charged him.  Her sword came down hard. Raunst parried. The crash of colliding metal echoed in the small chamber.  The two held their posistion, their eyes locked. 
“It’s okay, Psydra.  Leave him be.” Talin ordered. 
Psydra’s shoulders expanded and contracted with each heavy, nostril flaring breath.  Her intense glare held strong on her father’s would-be assailant.  She pulled away her blade at a cautious speed.
Talin nodded at Psydra and then turn to Raunst. “I cannot ask you to forgive me, but you must understand we are running out of the time.  He only gets stronger with each passing day. He may be unstoppable, already.”    His own words weighed in his mind.  So many lives lost, and so many more hanging in the balance.
“What would you have me do?” Raunst asked.
“Xero is almost here.  You must escape him and go the old kingdom of Enfirus.  That is the best place to keep looking for the medallion. Hunting high and low we have found much about TecDemon and his lineage, but not the medallion.  Psydra will show you the way.”
The walls of the room shook loudly.  Talin shuddered. The door sprang open. Several armed men led by Maldrake Durees rushed in.  
“Sir, Xero and a force of minions were spotted at Ginsimmon Crossing, they are headed this way.” Maldrake said.
 “Psydra, get him out of here, we’ll hold them off as long as we can,” Talin ran passed Raunst brushing his shoulder.  He grabbed his daughter in a strong hug and then was out the door.
Raunst grabbed the armor from the cabinet. He slipped the thick black chainmail over his tunic, it like the sword was incredibly light. Raunst seized the cape in his arms and placed the sword over his shoulder, leaving his old blade behind.  
Psydra stood in the doorway.  Another loud rumble shook the cave. Fragments of the ceiling sprinkled to the ground. 
“I guess we should be off then.” Raunst said.
“I have horses waiting for us out the back way.  It’s a hidden passage, but we still must hurry,” Psydra turned to lead him out. 

Chapter 3: Precipice of Destruction

The path through the long tunnel wrapped and curved for over a mile.  Raunst and Psydra exited into the afternoon sun. Raunst was saitsfied when he emerged to see the two heavy horses that had been prepared for them.  He looked over his shoulder but could see nothing of the stronghold or Xero's army.  
They rode out without a word.  Psydra pushed her horse hard.  She wanted to gain more distance from Xero. A part of her wanted to leave Raunst behind as well. Over and over she played out the scene of intruding into the room and finding Raunst's blade at her father's neck.  It was only when the late afternoon came that her thoughts turned to Xero's assault.  Had they managed to fight him off?  Did they escape as had been the plan?  Was her father still alive?
As the afternoon extended, Psydra eased down their pace.  The pair now traveled on along a sandy road and Psydra's horse's canter kicked up more and more sand and dust into Raunst’s face.  Raunst nudged the reigns.  Chalice, his horse, quickened.  The rider and his horse pulled up aside Psydra.  The lady did not take her eyes from the path ahead.
“How long until we get there?” Raunst asked.
“We can’t ride the whole way.  I will arrange for a ship in Feltin." Psydra tightened her legs around her horse's sides. "It will take us several days to get where we are going." Psydra pulled ahead. 
 Raunst supressed the agitation in his response as he moved to keep up. “Is there another way? Talin doesn’t have several days for us to get back. ”
“Don’t you think I know that?”  Her scornful look said the rest.
“I’m sorry.”  
A sudden, deep grunt from behind grabbed Raunst’s attention.  He jerked his head around and was confronted by a slobbering bear-like creature.  It had massive claws and long gnarled teeth. A loud roar erupted.  The startled horses kicked and bucked, sloughing both riders into the forgiving soft sand. The monster moved in.
Raunst stood quickly, but struggled to regain his breath.  Psydra was knelt over on the ground in front of Raunst.  The beast stood behind her, stalking closer.
The creature was more than twice their size.  Its tongue slapped against its slimy teeth as its maw gaped.  Raunst drew his sword and charged.  Psydra rose up as Raunst darted past.   Her fingers gripped the leather wrapping of her hilt and yanked her crystal blade free. Raunst danced in a circle with the monster as Psydra flanked from the left.
Psydra, seeing an opening, dove in and swung.  The monster’s reflexes and senses were on full alert.  His large paw batted away at her blade.   It followed through and struck Psydra across her armored chest.  She fell to the ground on her back.  Psydra scurried away as the beast rushed to overtake her.  Raunst leapt in slashing.  His strike knocked the beast off its attack course and drew a line of purple blood across thd beast's side.  The two crashed into the sandy ground. The beast lashed out from the ground.  Raunst sprang to his feet. His sword lost on the ground behind the monster. The beast lunged, its massive claws thrashing.  
Raunst dodged the first blow.  The other claw came towards him from the other side, then stopped. An arrow shaft extended from the monster's side. Another whilstleing missile flew by Raunst's ears. He identified the wisp of its path. The beast retracted as the second bolt pierced its chest.  Raunst hurried at the opportunity and collected his sword.  He struck with full fury penetrating the side of the giant’s ribs. The giant fell.
Raunst's eyes caught Psydra just coming to her feet. Beyond her, at the edge of the wood crouched a young boy.  Jake stood with his longbow bow in hand. The weapon towered over him.  The dark skinned boy pulled free the loaded arrow from the drawstring and returned it to his quiver.  Jake stood and gave a friendly nod as he approached the travelers.
"Thank you," Raunst called to the stranger as wiped his sword clean on the brown fur of the carcass.
"No need, I deal with 'em a lot," Jake returned.
"Thank you, anyway," Raunst repeated.  He moved over to Psydra.
She stood favoring her left leg. Her pants were ripped below the knee.  Raunst put his arm out to her.  Psydra hesitated to accept his assistance. "I'm fine." She said pushing him away. 
As she took the first step her lips drew in bearing her teeth.  It was worse than she wanted it to be.
"Need some help?" Jake asked.
"Yes." Raunst stepped in and tossed Psydra's right arm around his neck. 
Jake took the other side. He and Raunst aided Psydra to a rock.  Psydra sat and put her right leg out straight to get a look at it, rolling it side to side. The tear in her pants below the knee revealed a gash in her leg. The cuts were long and shallow.  Raunst tore off the bottom of her pant leg and tied it around her wound.
"How's that?" Raunst asked.
"Not gonna last half a mile." Jake quickly undid the knot.  He reached into a small pouch at his side. He withdrew three rolls of white cloth and a small vial of olive colored liquid. The boy uncorked the vial and dapped a tiny bit of liquid on one of the cloth rolls. Jake proceeded to wipe away at the blood of the wounds. His hands moved about the gash with a confident proficiency and he had it cleaned in moments. The boy pulled out a yellow leaf and placed it gently on the wound, and then he wrapped it with the unused cloth.
"Better, but soar," Psydra answered. "The horses?"
"They ran off ahead, I hope we can catch them." Raunst said.
"I can help you get where you want to go," Jake offered.
"Who are you?" inquired Raunst.
"Jake Stokes." He answered.
"The, Jake Stokes?" Psydra looked surprised.
"At your service."  The boy said giving a bow.
"I thought you were older," Raunst uttered slowly.
"I'm eighteen, just a bit small," said Jake, looking just above half his age.
"If you help us get us to Feltin, you can stay around as long as you like." Raunst concluded.
Jake helped them gather the horses.  Then they were off through the woods on a shortcut Jake knew of.  The famous archer regaled them with many tales of his exploits as they marched on through the wooded path.  The three companions traveled west through Scarlet Pass.  They set up camp for the night at the base of the Red Mountains.  The open plains ahead led to the inland sea.  By tomorrow they would be at Feltin and one step closer to Enfirus.  
Late in the night, Psydra awoke to find Raunst missing. She caught sight of his silhouette against the black sky looking away over the open prairie away from their camp. She escaped her sleeping roll and went to meet him.  He heard Psydra approach but didn’t turn around.
"This has been a strange day.  I expected a very different ending." Raunst said.
"My father says: it’s not about the days we see, but the days we live." Psydra said.  
"You knew my father?"
Psydra nodded.  It had been a long time since she had been around Chris.  
“They were good friends, our fathers?” Raust asked.
"Inseparable.  They spent many days and nights together. I enjoyed their interactions much as a child," said Psydra.
"It feels odd to have been left out for so long."
"Everyone wanted you safe, especially your parents.  We all hoped that it would never come to this; Xero should have died that first night.  My life began with the same pain, from the same person.  I know you are confused Raunst Baltir, but we need you.  Tonight, at this moment my father is likely in the fight of his life if not already slain.  It cannot be for nothing.  All of them will be avenged.”
“But how do you know it should be me?” His eyes were clear and calm in the moonlight, the color washed out to a plain silver hue.  A silent connection between them existed for moment.  It was an understanding unique to those who share such parallel experiences.  “I wish I had known more of them, maybe then I would see it as you do.”
The chirp of insects rose as the breeze subsided.  The melody masked the absence of their words for a lingering moment.  “You should get to sleep,” Raunst said at last.  
“You better get some sleep, too."   
Raunst didn't answer. Psydra’s steps trailed off behind him.  His mind was in utter chaos with all he had been told. What was true? He didn't know. His mind churned constantly, trying to reason. After a long hour he finally came to one thing, sleep.
***
The rising sun broke over the eastern mountains. A strong wind blew from the south. The travelers rode on through the hills, into the wind.  The day passed as they pushed hard to reach their destination.
The three arrived in the city of Feltin in the late afternoon. The small port city was busy constructing a barricade across the isthmus leading to the peninsular city.  The makeshift wall extended across the majority of the expanse already.  Large stones, loose boards, and carts, and sacks made up the head height wall.   
"What's going on?" Raunst questioned.
"Xero’s forces attacked an outpost north of here last night, a few of the men made their way here.  We don’t know what his next move will be." The man responded.  One of the other workers reached out for a heavy stone, but the boulder held its place.  “We have need of good swords, here.  See the Master at Arms, we’ve got a lot to do.”
The man trotted off to assist with moving the boulder.  The three travelers crossed the land bridge into town.  An elderly woman was sitting on her porch with a small jug in her left hand.  Raunst approached her. 
"Hello, traveler," the woman's voice was rasping and stale.
"Good day, I am curious if you know the whereabouts of any of the refugees from the attack north of here last night?" Raunst questioned. Psydra and Jake took seat on a fallen log that had been placed as a bench.  Taking a moment to rest after their weary ride.
"The wizard is coming to kill us all. The resistance army is crushed.”  The lady squawked her response.
“I see.  Did you happen to see-” Raunst was interrupted.
“His army is invincible!  Monsters made only of wind and fire. The master of darkness commands Gaunich, the world thrasher! " 
“Raunst, be careful.”  Psydra took a cautious step toward the woman, peering directly at her eyes.  
“Thank you." Raunst stepped back.
The old woman cackled.   The next words were not in her feeble voice, but Xero’s deep tenor.  “I am coming for you boy.  Are you with me, or against me?”    
The figure became translucent before fading into darkness.
“A specter, another shadow cast to distract us,” Psydra said.  
Jake had his bow knocked and ready as the specter faded into nothingness. He waited calmly to ensure it did not return.  “Xero has dark magic, you two don’t stand a chance against him.”     
"Is Xero powerful enough to do that, to resurrect Gaunich?" Raunst looked to Psydra for an answer.
"I pray not, Xero may be a monster himself, but no one is strong enough to stop Gaunich."
All of them shared the same terrible thoughts about Gaunich.  The demon lord that had reshaped the mountains and the seas with his destructive rage.  His legendary power was told to be greater than all the other demons of long ago.  Gaunich had been the only one powerful enough to rule them all, and it had been his undoing. The demon lords had turned on Guanich intent to destroy him, but the fabels told end in many ways and only a few with the monter's defeat.  None of them knew just how deep Xero’s terror could extend, if he could control such a power.
The three travelers continued down road to the docks. There was one ship in port, the Archdragon. The two great masts of the ship stood high and her sails were in. The crew toiled to load the cargo as a throng of passengers waited to board the great ship. 
Psydra went directly to the familiar Captain.
"Yes?" Carter didn’t look up from his list.
"Carter.  It’s me." Psydra said.
"Psydra?  My little girl, come here." He cupped his hands around her head and kissed her on the forehead.  The two joined in a tight hug. Carter held her away and looked her over once then shot a quick glance at Raunst and Jake before his eyes locked back on Psydra.
"You can’t possibly be here to fight?" Carter asked.
"We were hoping for a ride to Tirus." Psydra said.
"I'm sorry, I've got to get these people to safety.”
“Carter this is Baltir’s boy, Raunst.  I have to get him to Enfirus.”
Carter chuckled. “That old game again, your father still believes in that, does he?”
“As you once did I might add, look at what’s happening Carter, we have to try.” Psydra put her hand on the man's shoulder.
“We have to run darlin’, no one can fight that monster here.  We are heading out east to the Blackwoods region.  The garrison there is strong.”
“Can you drop us along the way then, at Tirus?” 
 “There is little room, so you’ll be sharing my cabin.  But I’ll do what I can for you.  We’ll weigh anchor in another hour." Carter said.
"Thank you," Raunst entered. "I am Raunst Baltir."
“Jake Stokes.”  The young man extended a firm hand.
"The Jake Stokes?" Carter couldn’t mask his disbelief.
"The very same," Jake said.
Carter paused. "I thought you were older."
"I'm eighteen, I just look young," Jake said.  He withdrew his hand.
"You have a little time, I heard that some of the fighters from the stronghold may have arrived not long ago. Have you met up with them?" Carter looked to Psydra.
"We have not, do you know where they are?" 
"See the master at arms, he has been coordinating the city defenses from his home off the town square."
"Thanks Carter, we shall return soon."
Carter nodded. Someone behind called his name, he looked over his shoulder. "I can't hold this boat."
"You won't need to," Raunst said.
Raunst, Jake and Psydra hurried off to the town square.  When they arrived, it was clear the master at arms was in high demand.  People scurried in and out of the small house where he resided.  They approached to make their way in, when out of the house appeared Maldrake Durees.  The scruffy man paused seeing Psydra.
"Maldrake!"  Psydra rushed in and wrapped her arms around him.
"My girl, surely you aren't here to defend this town? You must hurry to Enfirus."
"We intend to.  Carter has a ship near ready to leave and we shall be on it.  What news have you of my father?"
Maldrake's head moved slowly side to side. "I cannot speak on it, he sent me out to the Eastern outpost to rally the men there. From there he urged me to take them South, in hopes we would catch you at Enfirus. I arrived here to find them in dire need."
Psydra hid her fears behind a warm smile. "You should come with us."
"No , my girl, I have several men with me, and I doubt there is room for us all.  Besides there is need here, we will shore up the defenses and do what we can to slow Xero's advance."
"That is certain death, you cannot face him here."  
"My plan is to lead him out from the city, hopefully giving him a better target than the people here that cannot escape in time.  If all goes to plan it should keep these people safe and keep him off of your trail." 
"It's a bold gesture, but are you sure?"
"I am. You should get to your ship, and get this boy to Enfirus."
"Very well." Psydra could see the rigidity in Maldrake's eyes. "If you do make it from here, Carter is taking the people to the Blackwoods region, presumably fortress at Sevastion. If you can make your way there, perhaps we will meet up with you after Enfirus."
"Indeed, I will be lucky to see you there." Maldrake looked over Raunst and Jake. "You should see if Charles will join you."
Psydra gasped. "He cant still be here."
"I stopped by already, he had no interest in helping me, but maybe you will have a better time with him."
Psydra faced off with Raunst. "I should go see him alone, I will meet you and Jake at the ship."
Raunst gave a curious look. "See who?" 
"An old friend who may be able to help us. I'll be back in time," Psydra motioned Jake and Raunst to stay. "You may do as you wish, but remember we leave soon," Psydra said trotting off into town. 
Raunst and Jake looked to each other, then at Maldrake. 
"I guess we shall hope to meet again," Raunst gave a curt nod of his head.
"Gods willing." Maldrake spun around on his left foot and was off.  
Jake tapped Raunst on the shoulder with his bow. "Think there's time for a quick drink before we sail?" 
***
Psydra darted through people, down the street and turned down into a damp alley. She approached a thick wooden door where she made three heavy handed knocks.  
A low call returned through the great oak barrier, "Who is it?"
"Myst."
"Psydra?"  Charles Korzax, opened the door.  He was an older man closer to her father’s age.  Charles had the air of distinguished royalty and striking hawk eyes.   He pulled the visitor close and held her there. "I thought he got you. I didn't know."
"Good to see you, too," said Psydra as the powerful man released his hold.
"I'm so glad you're here. How long can you stay?" Charles said.
"Not long Charles. I'm leaving tonight, with Carter."
"No time at all," Charles said sadly as he turned and walked into the dark room and seated himself in a chair.
"I had to tell you, we have him with us now," Psydra said.
"I don't care. I left long ago."
"You do care," Psydra said. A long pause filled the room with silence. "We need you, Korzax."
"So long, it has been, since I fought with you. I am no good to you.  I will only get you killed."
"Where is the fearlessness you showed in my youth?  Where did it go?" Psydra asked.
"You know where."
"Xero killed her, you couldn't stop him then, but we have the one of legend. We have the son. With him you can avenge her, you can avenge Mia." Psydra pleaded.
"Don't speak that name near me again! You feel free to avenge her, I will not fail again.  I will not watch others die because of my failings."  The anger was well restrained on Charles's face.    
"He’s on a rampage that is unlike anything he’s ever done.  This may be our last chance." 
“I thought you had the hero.”  Charles threw back his arms.  “Your father of course will be able to stop him for a time, he hasn’t failed at that yet.” Charles looked away from her and sighed.
“Talin isn’t going to stop him, Charles, Talin stayed behind with the rest of your old companions buying us time.  Xero destroyed them without a doubt, now the army of entire resistance has been routed. No one is standing in his way now.  Our last chance is this boy. We need your help, I need your help.”
Charles took in a slow, deep breath.  “I heard Xero is going to destroy us all in time.  I am going to stay here to die; I have been prepared to die here.”
Psydra’s heart sank heavy in her chest as she left.  It was hard to hold her head up.  The man that had been like a brother to her, he was overcome with failure.  It was clear there was nothing left of what he had once believed in.
When Psydra returned, Raunst and Jake sat on a wood railing lining the water’s edge by the dock.  Raunst had been subject to several stories of the archer’s exploits in her absence.  Quite a few he heard before told by others in taverns.  Such stories were often told with grand detail, but not so grand as when told by Jake.  Psydra read the exhausted look off his face as he scanned the grief from hers; she passed straight by and boarded the ship.  Raunst didn’t hesitate to follow.  
It was not long before the ship took up its anchor.  Captain Carter navigated the vessel into the open water of the sea and then set up north along the coast.   Once they hit the Cradle Jetties they would turn east into the open sea to Tiris and then sail further east to the Blackwoods region.  
After an hour, the watched called out from the nest.  The few passengers on the deck gazed over the stern.  It took the distant scene time to rise before those on the deck could confirm what was called out.  The far off glow grew and grew emerging not as a steady light, but a violent torrent of raging flame.  Feltin was burning.  The Captain could not find a word to comfort those on board.  Instead Carter focused on keeping the desperate vessel clear of the rocks.  Onward through the night, they crept steadily north with the shore winds.
The agile vessel traveled long across the sea of endless blue the next day. The far side of the great sea came into view by the late afternoon.  The favorable winds had them docked at Tiris with an hour to spare before sundown.  
Raunst was eager to debark and discover the secrets that awaited at Enfirus. The distant assault the night before had created a new anger in him.  The destruction must come to an end.  Xero clearly had much to do with it.  The monster claimed many dear lives.  
The uncertainty of the exchange between Carter and Psydra yesterday had left him uneasy, though.  Talin had been a stoic and reasonable man, speaking on unquestioning authority of the boy's certain destiny for power.  Even Psydra’s words had taken some side with Carter’s own plea that the boy’s power may not be as certain as Talin had made it out to be.  If he truly set his sights on defeating Xero, would he stand the chance?
The passengers congregated on the deck and the gangplank was set. Only a handful of passengers disembarked.  Carter's crew had already stocked enough provisions and Carter could not bear to waste time in the rural port.   
As Jake and Raunst headed out, Carter made a final request to Psydra for them to come along.   He appreciated both their lives as well as the extra swords on board.  Psydra took a moment to give a polite decline for the group, and wish her old friend well.  
On shore, Jake noticed Raunst deep in thought. "You okay?"
"No, no I'm not." Raunst’s frigid response caught Jake off guard.
"What is it?" Jake inquired.
Raunst's mind churned like the windy sea before him. "Nothing.”    
Raunst strolled down the lane and into a local pub.  He sat down at a stool by the bar. The bartender took his time getting over.  Raunst had spent the last day and a half feeling like a caged animal on the crowded ship, all he craved now was a quick drink.  The unshaven barkeep flashed a half toothed grin but took another few minutes joking with another patron.  The barkeep strode up to the bar and put his hand out to greet Raunst. 
"What d'ya' like?" his scratchy voice reminded him of the old woman.  
A sudden flair of rage flashed through Raunst. He grabbed the bartender's collar and hoisted him over the counter. He pulled the man across the counter and dropped him to the floor. Raunst put one foot on the man's throat before he replied, "I’m through with you, beast!" 
The lanky barkeep’s eyes were white.  Beads of sweat formed on his pale forehead.  Raunst stepped off at once, his body shivering.  
The man retreated back, “Take, take anything!”  The barkeep escaped the rear door, into darkness.  The other people waited for Raunst's next move, silent. The paralyzed Raunst looked over his arms and hands.  The man had seemed almost weightless in his grip.  It had taken him no time or effort to render him down.  The apprehension built in his bones.  He escaped the tavern and bumped directly into Jake.  The archer took the heavy force of the collision and fell backward to the ground.  
Raunst extended his arm to assist.  
Jake shook his head.  “What was that?  You must be built like a brick wall!”  
“I had the door handle, you just lost your balance,” Raunst said.
“Not in my life, you are something else.”  Jake accepted his hand at last; Raunst pulled him to his feet.  
Psydra walked up on the two.  He locked his eyes in hers. Raunst moved close and put his arm around her.  He pressed his lips to hers.  Raunst pulled away from her eyes fielding a standoffish glare.
"And that was?" Psydra asked.
"I don’t know, it just seemed right."  Raunst did not feel fully sure himself.
"Are you okay?" Psydra asked.
"No," he said. He wasn’t feeling at all like himself.  "I," he cut himself short. "How do we get to the old kingdom?"
"We’ll make much better time with horses," Psydra said.  “It’s about two days, riding hard.” She studied him for a moment.  It was impossible to tell how and where, but her gut said something had changed with him.  
"There is a snake tongued trader who lives on the edge of town.  I’ve heard he can get you what you need but can drive a hard bargain.”  Jake said.  He had come through Tiris just a year back under some leaner times and had almost approached the man then.  “He goes by, the Baron.”
“Do you know another way?”  Raunst directed his question at Psydra.
She shook her head.
“We shall see this man on account of three horses then,” Raunst concluded.
“Four horses.”
"Korzax." Psydra whispered.  Her ears had recognized the voice right away.  It had a shallow vigor to it, it was slight, but more certainly than the last time she had heard it.
Raunst watched Charles approach. Charles dressed in a dark cloak similar to Psydra’s but the armor beneath was steel, not the black crystal plate.  A belt rest loosely around his waist.  Slung from it was a heavy two headed axe.  Its massive blades wrapped in a leather sheath laced up the sides.
"A pleasure to meet you.  I assume you are Baltir’s boy," Korzax said. "Definitely like your mother."
"This is Charles Korzax," Psydra said. "Charles this is Raunst Baltir and this is Jake Stokes."
"Surely," Charles said extending his arm to Jake. "I thought you were older."
Jake firmly squeezed the man’s hand in welcome. "You'd be surprised how much I hear that."
"Oh really." Korzax removed the cowl exposing his dark auburn hair. "Raunst Baltir, do you believe in this quest, like your mother, before you?"
"You knew my mother, too, huh?"  Raunst asked.
"I knew your mother, very well."
Psydra could not wait for their discussion to mature.  She jumped in, "Then you mean to join us?" 
"I would not have come here if I hadn't planned on it." Charles fought down his sorrow and put forth a tender smile.  He knew that Psydra now felt the burden of being the last survivor in her family, like her companion Raunst. Korzax knew those feelings well in his own heart.  
"Exactly how did you get here?" Psydra asked not remembering him on the ship.
"I saw him come on board in Feltin before we left," Jake said. "I had eyes on him as he appeared to be trying to blend in."
"Indeed, it did not assist me with you." Charles said.
"Four horses it is then.” Psydra looked to Raunst.  
Only days before, Raunst’s quest had been solely to serve the appropriate justice for his father’s death.  Unraveling before him now was a design much grander, yet much more terrifying.  In this short time he had gained these three companions and a viciuos adversary he had yet to meet face to face. It was time to go and seek the legend.  Raunst took in each face one by one.  They were strangers still in many ways, but his he felt trust for them.  He took a deep breath and cleared his head.  The barkeeper's white face returned in his mind.  Then his sudden kiss.  Neither action had a basis he could find. 
Raunst realized that his three companions were staring at him. "Yes?"
"Are you okay, Raunst?" Psydra asked.  
Raunst nodded.
***
The Baron accepted their company graciously upon learning of their desperation.  He was not the kind of man to pass up opportune folk.  Business is a simple matter of reason and judgment.  Weighing and accepting a measured risk of investment for a moderate return.  Those under dire circumstances however, could often produce a great much profit, with limited investment.
The rotund Baron greeted them in his foyer with three armed guards.  The fine soft furniture in the room was rich with needlepoint design.  They had been imported from somewhere far off that the Baron couldn’t recollect, but he had got them at a good price.
“I hear that you have need of an urgent favor.”
Raunst sat on the edge of his seat with his hands together, elbows resting on his knees.  “We have come to trade for horses; I wouldn’t say our need is urgent.”
"He did." The Baron singled out Jake.  Jake shrugged.  “Where is it that you mean to go?”
“Enfiris.”
“The ruins.  Treasure hunters?”
Raunst took the lead on negotiations. “I have an interest in the antiquities there, consider me a historian.”
“I am many things but I am no fool.  Few historians come calling to me with heavy armor and swords.  That makes you either noble guards on some knightly quest or mercenaries.  Or maybe outlaws?”
“Our business there is our own.” Psydra echoed.
“Very well, I can deal with historians, its not good business for me to pry, but I shall require some manner of payment up front.”
“Name your price.” Psydra said.
The Baron gave a curt grin. “Seventy coin.”
“That’s robbery!”  Jake jumped out of his chair.
Raunst motioned him to sit. “I can offer you twenty coins, and an offer of eighty more on our return.”
“I don’t expect people to return.  I must insist on payment now. 
"If our quest were of noble purpose, to defeat a monster.  Would that better our price?" Raunst asked.
The Baron waived his hand at one of his guards. "I am thirsty." He then turned to Raunst looking over the four travellers again. "No."
Psydra could hold her tongue no more. “You fool, don’t you see that Xero is about to be on your doorstep?  Will you trade with him the way you do us?”
“Psydra!” Charles said.
“I do and have.” The Baron's voice stayed level and full.
“You trade with that devil?” Psydra's face turned“ flush.
"I speak ill of no one that pays me up front.  I am a business man after all.  These petty quarrels drive sales.  Everyone needs something, a horse, a sword, slaves, wine, it all has a price.  And it all needs a vender.”  The Baron gave a tiny bow.
Raunst felt they were nearing an impass. “What else can we provide to you as payment?”
The Baron's eyes shifted to Psydra.  His narrow lips folded in around the edges toward his crinkled nose.  His silver white teeth glimmered in the glaring evening sun shining in from the window. Raunst stood, spat on the floor and walked out.  The other three walked out behind him.
Just beyond the gates of the Baron’s homestead the four huddled together.  The group reviewed the house and the stables.  The greedy man had saved far too much on repairs and had many loose gate panels to show for it.  Although the entrance and escape would pose little challenge, the four knew it best to wait for the cover of darkness.
They spent what coin they had and bought provisions to fill their knapsacks.  By that time, the full dark of night had set in.  
The sky was cloudy, but the moon had yet to rise. A low mist crept in from the sea hanging in thick patches in the air. The company moved to the fence down by the stables.  The house was up another three hundred yards.  A single watchman had duty over the horses.  Raunst crept up from behind.  Ten paces from the man the guard growled, but didn’t move otherwise.  The guard’s head laid off to one side.  He was already asleep.
The clamor of horses woke the guard.  The four galloped past. The guard sprang to his feet and toppled over, finding his legs had been bound as he slept.  The light of lanterns emerged from the house in the distance.  Raunst and his companions hurried away into the darkness.  The faint echo of the Baron’s curses fell on their ears then faded below the thunderous run of the horses.  

IV: The Demon Stirs Within

Raunst could barely calm himself to rest along the way.  He pushed them hard on their two day trek, as did Psydra.  They arrived at the empty ruins of Enfiris in the early morning hours.  The great parapets had been long overrun with wild vines.  Trees grew up through the walls and the derelect cottages scattered before the ancient castle.   
The four entered through the gates of the palace, one side of the heavy doors fully collapsed next to the stone wall.  Raunst could see the glory it must have been in the past, years ago when the flags were flown proudly.  The stone would have been freshly whitewashed.  
With his eyes closed, he imagined what his ancestors must have felt riding into this great fortress.  The blue cape he wore blew gently in the breeze.  The horse came to a halt.  Raunst returned to the present and dismounted with the others.  Psydra led the way through an open door.
They walked down a long passageway.  The rains had worn through the ceiling long ago.  The morning light peaked through above, casting a pink hue on the crumbling stone wall.  The passage emerged into a large chamber, a ruined long table and chairs lay on the ground.  More bits of roof and broken stone littered the floor.
Climbing through the debris, Psydra passed down another hallway to a solid oak door that hung on rusted iron hinges.  It had defied the elements longer than any other door they had come to so far.  She pulled open the heavy door.  The four slipped inside.
The room was lit by the sun pouring several stained glass windows.  Each pane depicted a separate demonic figure.  It struck him as odd in two ways.  First, it was strange to see such darkness displayed so boldly, even now people withheld such displays for fear of invoking darkness.  Secondly, the beasts were each depicted in a collected and noble stance.  These windows appeared to be almost in honor of the demons. Not the way he would expect to see them represented in the home of his ancestors, who had fought against the demons.
The rest of the room was lined with shelves for books, although many of the shelves were empty.  Littered mainly with cobwebs, dust and piles of dead insects.  As he conitnued to look around, Raunst distinguished that this room, unlike all the others, appeared mostly undamaged by time.
“This was the great library at Enfiris.  This is where your mother came and studied the journals of your ancestors.  There are other books here, some placed by the great TecDemon, presumably for the study of his heirs.”
“What about those?”  Raunst pointed to the five windows.
Psydra explained from what she had read.  “The Demon lords, Peros, Guanich, Carzinine, Daerdek and Arradeel.  This place is as much about them as it is you.  The five master demons once ruled all, again and again the people waged war to be free, and again and again they failed.  The dark armies and minions of the demon lords had free reign and people lived in terror or slavery.  The orc and ogre tribes still pass on the legends.  Many of the clan races do.
“Gaunich, the world eater, declared himself lord and master of the other four demon lords.  This sowed the first seeds of dissent among them.  A single human champion rose up during this time and drove them all out of this world.  It was the power of the medallion.  Even these histories don’t say where the medallion came from, only where it went.  The medallion passed down for generations through a druid tribe.  For the better of the last one thousand years, that is where it stayed.
“Seven generations ago, one of the clan races known as the Nathawk all but eliminated the druid people.  They sought the amulet's power.  Your ancestor, TecDemon defeated them.  He spent the rest of his life hunting down the real source behind the Nathawk attack.”
“Who was that?”
“TecDemon wrote that it was Gaunich, returned to this world.”
“This is all in the books here?”
Psydra handed him a leather bound tome, the paper frail and thin.  The ink in the pages had run very little.  Raunst began to read.  The words drew him in, page after page reciting the stories that Psydra had told.   The written text engaged him more deeply than her recounting.  Raunst could almost hear the voice of his ancestor speaking directly to him.  The final entry was abrupt, set in a different tone than the others.
“What does he mean?  ‘I see now that it was you that was in my palace and in my heart.  You made me so that I may unmake you.’”
“I don’t know.”  Psydra thought over her years of study at their parent’s side.  “My father said that it was a warning.”
“A warning of what?” Raunst asked.
“A warning for you.  Your mother thought so as well.  It made it that much harder for her to ever bring you close to this.”
He could see the hesitation in her.  “There is something else?”
“Yes.”
“What is it?”
Psydra extended her hand to an object behind him.  Raunst, Jake and Charles all moved over to study the object.  In the center of the room sat a stone column ten feet in height.  The column was comprised of seven equally sized cylindrical blocks. The top cylinder was engraved 'Sarai TecDemon' and had a man’s face in chiseled detail next to it.  Each stone below did the same.  The faces and names continued to the bottom two stones, only the surname “TecDemon” was engraved.  No first names.  The last image was not of a man though, but of a baby.  The baby dangled in mid air, placed directly between two massive jaws lined with razor teeth.
“Is this supposed to be me?”
“Consumed by the world eater.”
“I don’t understand,” Raunst twisted his head looking at the detail in the image, hunting for a hidden means to decipher it.
“There is more to these ruins than the library, we should split up.  They have been covered top to bottom in the past, but we will look again.”  Psydra tried to sound confident, but even her head waivered as she spoke.  The grave reality of her desperation had set in.  “Raunst, I’ll show you to the throne room.”
Psydra and Raunst alone made their way to the throne room.  Jake and Charles split up to search other areas of the deserted keep.  The throne room, like the library, had done well under the stress of the elements over time.  Art murals ran along the full breadth of the walls.  The murals were dotted with holes in many places, presumably where valuable gems or precious metals had been stolen from years ago.  The throne itself, also of a presumed value, was no longer in place.  The raised stone floor at the rear of the room, as did great painted wings on the mural, indicated clearly where it the throne once sat.    Two great wood tables lined each wall.  Windows segregated the murals.  The ruler here could clearly see all that lay beyond from this high room in the keep.
Raunst moved around the room checking nooks and crannies.  He scratched at the floor where the throne once sat, no secret compartments or loose stones.
“I’m going to go spot the other two and I’ll check right back.  If we get separated we can meet out front at noon.  Watch where you step, some of the wooden floors here are set to give way.”  Psydra had one foot out the door when she finished.
Raunst waived her off, intent on his quest.  Whether or not the medallion rested within these tattered walls made no difference to him.  He was consumed with a desire to hunt.  Like a bloodhound on the chase he could almost smell it.  There was something here, it excited him, deep in the pitfalls of his own mind.  In the darkest places an illumination was shining back at him.  An image emerged before him, a man.  Raunst could no longer place himself in a dream or reality.  He stood from his place on the floor and extended a hand out to touch the figure in front of him.  The stranger stood in a light suit wearing a serene look on his face and didn’t rush to speak.
Raunst had never met this man before, but he could feel that the two were not strangers.
“I have waited for you some great time, Raunst Baltir.”  Sarai TecDemon’s lips moved in small motions, but his words came out bold and crisp. “One hundred and seventy two years is no easy task for someone.”
The voice too was foreign yet common to him.  Raunst felt it in his heart but asked anyway, “Who are you?”
“Who am I?”  Sarai TecDemon’s bond with the boy was strong, the magic link purposely tuned to him many years ago.
Raunst spoke plainly, “You are TecDemon, Duke of Teclesea.”
TecDemon gave a humble nod.  “There are things you must know, so listen to me closely.  My time will come to me quick, now that we have met.”
“I don’t understand,” Raunst said.
“Sadly there isn’t time to tell you all.  I will share what I can.”  TecDemon’s appearance at first had been a man no more than ten years Raunt’s senior.  As he spoke, his hair began to gnarl and gray in front of the boy.
“A thousand years ago when the great war against the demon lords and their armies, Gaunich, strongest of the demon lords, was banished by the dark spellcraft of the other four.  The human tribes united in an offensive.  Among them was a single champion, a young boy not of nobility, but of tremendous valor.  He alone commanded the demon’s own dark magic.  
“Using ancient demon rites would seal the demon lords into a container of elegant yet simple earthly materials.  The medallion is this prison.  He also wielded a weapon of tremendous power whose wounds were strong enough to bring a demon lord to his knees.  The Onyxite sword that you now carry is this blade.  Its power is tremendous in your hands.  This will not only aide you but others fighting with you as well.”
“What do you mean?”
TecDemon’s face withered further into old age.  His words became softer and warbled with a tender feebleness.
“As descendants of the champion, we can hear the voices within the medallion. So too did the man’s and the demon’s thought intermix.”
“It’s in me.” Raunst could feel it.   It had been growing stronger every step he took toward Enfirus.  In the throne it was the itch he could not scratch, tearing at him to hammer away at the stone with his naked fists to uncover its hidden whereabouts.
“After the four demon lords were banished, their spells and powers weakened over time.  The horde clans lost power, humans, elves, dwarves, and other tribes now free became kingdoms and nations.  They days of the demon lords had passed.  But the magic of the four also faded the barrier protecting our world from Gaunich faded as well.  I was very young when his legion of monsters attacked me, and it was then I found this power.  Over time of wearing the medallion, I learned more of the story, as the thoughts of the demons still haunt it.”
“Where is it?”
The feeble old TecDemon became faint.  The young Raunst caught his failing body as it collapsed.  His legs and arms turned dry and then to dust.  TecDemon’s magic spiraled to its end.  
He whispered, “Xero has come to answer Gaunich’s call.  The monster is what he truly hunts, returning to his master.  Xero must be stopped before the two are united.  When I could not defeat Guanich I used an ancient demon spell to maintain my life until suitable heir arrived to fill this need.  I did not know then it would be this long.”
“How do I defeat him?”
“Go to where it began, south.  Cross the Nortll river and then head straight through the pass on the trade road.  From there, go east.  Just beyond the hill crest there is an old stone marker and an overgrown road.  Teclesea.”
“The medallion is there?”
The form faded to dust in his arms.  The dust faded into nothing.  Raunst sat on the floor, legs crossed in deep contemplation when Psydra returned.  He looked to her with a blank stare.  Psydra jumped back.  For a moment she swore she saw the same fire she had seen in Xero’s eyes many times before.
Psydra must have been mistaken, for his cool blue eyes had an even more gentle quality than she was used to.  In one way or another, Raunst had changed.
“What happened?” She asked.  

Chapter 5:  That Which Was Lost

The company set off South from Enfiris. As they rode on, Raunst could feel a stir inside him, like a wind blown draft within his hollow bones.  By the end of the day they had reached the reached the shore of the Nortll river.  The swift, wide water was at best fifty feet at the narrowest gaps.  It would be nearly impossible to traverse in the night.  The group made camp.
Seated evenly around the fire on the cool sand by the river, each of them nibbled away at a small portion of their provisions; each of them except Raunst.  Jake watched and waited for some time for Raunst to eat or drink something.
“You’re going to need your strength.” Jake said.
Charles nodded. “He’s right you know, the battle with Xero will be test enough.”
Raunst shook his head, “I didn’t even realize that you were talking to me.”  He scowled and looked up at the starry sky.  
“I have some dried elk.” Charles extended a jerky strip to Raunst.  
“I am fine, please.”  Raunst heard Psydra’s lips part to speak before he finished talking.  
“If you aren’t feeling okay and want to discuss this, we should.  In fact, there is much that I should tell you to prepare you,” Psydra said.
Raunst continued to look through the sea of stars above, “I am sure there is, but I’d rather not right now.”
Psydra leaned toward Raunst, “There isn’t much time to get you ready.”
“I don’t know that I care to be ready.  The more I think about it the less I understand why I am here.”
“You cannot say that!" Psydra jumped to her feet. "Especially after what so many people have put on the line to keep you safe.  Your father and mother...my father.”
“Tell me then," Raunst put his eyes to Psydra, "Do you really believe without a doubt that I can do this?”
“You ask me after what you yourself witnessed what you did today?” Psydra hesitated, after all the fights with Xero, what would make Raunst's different?
“You didn’t answer me.”
Thinking on the question was not Psydra's intent, but she had to.   Her hesitation was all Raunst needed. “That’s what I thought.”
He picked himself up from the fire and walked up the river's edge.  He stopped beyond the fire's light, but where he could see it.  He needed space.  
Part of Raunst felt his life was moving like an arrow in flight, with Xero as the target.  Everyone else had lived with this idea a long time, and still they had doubts.  Another part of him just wanted to go home, leave it behind.  His father’s killer was dead.  Or was he?  Was it this monster Xero who had poisoned his father?  Was it really Xero that had killed his mother?
While he sat his skin tingled, sometimes to the point of itching, but Raunst never moved.  The sun rose after many hours. Raunst watched the gradual change of light at daybreak.  He couldn’t remember any time falling asleep, but he felt as rested and lively as ever.
The task of getting the horses through the water proved to be less daunting than expected.  They travelled south and crossed through a forested mountain pass.  By late afternoon their horse shoes clacked along the gravel trade road which turned slowly east.  Excitement rose as they crested the mighty hill.   Raunst spotted a marker and an overgrown path.  It took time to find a way through the brush for the horses.  
In the moonlight, Raunst led them on down the poorly marked path.  At some time many years ago it would have been a pristine and clear trail, but time had all but destroyed it. 
Jake had little faith that Raunst’s abilities to spot their path ahead would be as keen as his own, and Jake had no sight on it.  Still he followed along.
It was late in the night when two giant fallen stone pillars became clear to them in the moonlight through a break in the trees.  The stone had a strange glimmer in the moonlight.  Long ago heavy wooden gates would have stood between them. The four passed by the toppled stones.  The horses expertly stepped through loose debris rock without losing footing.  
The road led them deeper into the forest valley.  The trees hung low to the ground.  The branches leaned into the path giving out small lashes to the four travelers as they passed by.  The growth became thicker, the travel became slower, and the night grew longer.  The moon drifted from the sky and hung low on the horizon threatening to abandon them.  
Raunst emerged into a small grove of shrubs, the trees gave way.  Across the bushes in the fading light of the moon, a tall dark shadow squared against the horizon.  Raunt's eyes narrowed to make out the shape of a tower rising from the keep, he nudged his steed on to continue.  
Raunst finally dismounted his horse at the front gate of Teclesea.  Before him the crumbling steps of the great keep led up to an sealed entrance.  The ancient palace roof appeared to have been collapsed for some time, but the walls looked strong. 
The heavy stone door swung open with a gentle push.  Raunst lead the four into the chamber.  The darkness inside was crossed with fading moonlight from the windows.  Jake passed out candles to each of them. They walked down the corridor and passed through another door.  This room was a great hall of some kind.  There rest many flowers pots overgrown with weeds.  Rotted wooden benches and chairs lined the room.   A massive hole in one of the walls illuminated the front of the chamber.  It appeared to be leftover from an assault, forgotten in time.
Raunst walked further forward into the room until he was standing on a platform at the front of the hall.  Behind him were two thrones finely carved for a king and queen.  
“It was their wedding,” a voice leaped out through the darkness. The deep sound echoed off the chamber walls.  The four drew their swords.  Raunst, on edge, feverishly looked about for the culprit.  His fears of being caught now, so close to their prize by the evil wizard that chased them returned.  
Psydra yelled. “We’re not afraid of you Xero!”  
“You have the wrong idea about me,” the voice returned, softer than before.  It was a woman’s voice.  
“Who are you?”  Raunst’s eyes caught a motion in the back of the hall.  A small, cloaked figure walked slowly toward them.  He could not plainly see a door where she had come from, as if she had just appeared. 
“Do you remember me now, Raunst?” the woman stepped into the moonlight, her hair dark, thin, and long drifting down her front from underneath the dark cover of her hood.  She pulled back the hood, revealing her face.  Raunst eased his hand off his weapon.  His mouth fell agape.  
Psydra spoke before he could.  “Seline Baltir!  Can it be you?”
Seline nodded at the young lady’s recognition.  Her tender smile moved close as she extended her arms to hold her son.  Her smell and touch flooded him with childhood memories. Tears formed in his eyes.  
“Who is this?’  Jake asked.
Seline held Raunst tight.  A solid mass in his throat formed.  Raunst could hardly speak.  “My mother.”
As the woman stepped back Raunst saw the streams of tears across her cheeks.  “I have missed you, son.  I am sorry that I wasn’t there for you.  I tried to stop him, I tried to stop this.  Did you tell him Psydra?”
Psydra stepped toward her.  “I did.”
“You must believe it, Raunst.  If there was something I could have done to keep you from this trial I would have.  I tried to stop him.”
“Xero?” Raunst asked.
“Searching through the books over and over at Enfirus, we found one of the demon banishing rites.  The manuscript was incomplete.  I insisted that we try.  It was I that paid with my life.  Now you have no choice.”
“Why don’t I have a choice?”
“He will come for you whether or not you go to him.  He knows who you are.  That you are a descendent of Aradeel.”
“What?”  Raunst held the name in his mind.  The images of the demon lords etched into the stained glass at Enfirus flashed in his mind. Peros, Guanich, Carzinine, Daerdek and Arradeel.
A shadow appeared across the room.   It loomed out of the darkness and solidified into a giant man one and a half Raunst’s height.  Raunst readied his sword again, but held back as his mother stood firm before the shadow.  The figure was dressed in white luminescent robes.  The whole of the chamber illuminated from his glow.  The head of giant formed only of a coalescing white mist.  His eyes and mouth were nothing more than hollow openings in the smoky vapor.   
“I brought your mother here.”  The voice did not originate from the large figure; instead, the sound seemed to fill the room from everywhere.  The words echoed.  “I am Aradeel.”  
Charles and Jake both poised themselves to strike if Raunst said the word.  It was not a fight they wished to engage, but the both held their ground all the same.  Raunst’s face became pale.  Psydra came up beside him with her sword in hand.  Her open hand rested on his shoulder.
“We are with you in this fight, Raunst.” Psydra’s words came out subtle, yet firm.
“I am not your enemy,” Aradeel said.
Raunst brushed Psydra back and approached Aradeel.  The demon’s hollow eyes kept watch on him.  “I have seen you in my dreams.”     
“You cannot trust this creature!”  Charles’s felt disgust.  The demon lords had killed thousands in the ancient war.  
“It is true.  I and my kindred brothers have done terrible things.  I turned my back on my demon brothers long ago.  I fell prey to love of a human woman.   She had been made a slave.  It was the law.  As long as the demon lords ruled there would be no end to the reign of terror.  I made the choice to turn on them.  By undoing their control, people would be free.  I would have her free, as well as my son.
“I rallied the others against Gaunich with lies of his desire to overtake us. The battle was long and fierce.  It may have even been by chance that we won.  I cast him free of this world, never to return.  When the other demon lords learned of my treachery, they came for me.  I couldn’t have survived another round.
“Aradeen, my son, couldn’t have been much older than you.  I created the sword and the amulet.  The sword to wound them and the amulet to seal their power. Using these tools, he defeated the other demon lords.  Aradeen, the champion as you call him.”
“I am-"
“Yes, Raunst, my blood runs through you.  As it started with my son, so continues our fight to banish the demon lords once and for all.”
“Where does that put you?” 
“My boy, I am already far gone.  Only through the weakness in the breach caused by Xero can I now begin to speak to you.  You alone can stop him. But it is not just Xero you may face. Xero desires to summon the return of the other demon lords.  He intends to command them, but he is a fool.  Xero has undone the barrier that contains Gaunich.  He seeks the medallion as you do.  It contains the power of the other demon lords, and it is the key to controlling the beast.  Where he hides I do not know, but he will come for you and Xero both.  There will be no escape. Guanich is unstoppable without the medallion.”    
Seline put a hand out and grabbed Raunst's.  “You must stop Xero before he allies with Gaunich.”
“What must I do?”
“Your strength alone is not enough.  You need the power of the amulet.  With the power and the knowledge within, you will understand what to do.”  Aradeel looked around the room, his motions cautious.  
“Where is it?  Where is the medallion?”
“It cannot be,” Seline shrunk away from Raunst.  The loose sand on the floor before him jumped and shifted.  
Raunst watched as it happened again.“Tell me where it is!” Raunst screamed.
In the distance there was a rumble.  It was steady now.  The earth shook beneath him.
Aradeel looked to the east wall and stepped back.  “The monster has come.  We are too late.”      
“Raunst!” Psydra had to raise her voice above the roar.
Everyone moved to the far side of the room following Aradeel.  The demon steadied his frame and put together his warped, scaled hands.  Around his fingers a dull glow of red light gathered and swirled.  Raunst pulled his sword.  His heart rate quickened.  
The eastern wall of the chamber exploded.  Rock and debris flew everywhere.  As the dust settled the moon hung just above the horizon.  Framed in the collapsed wall stood the massive Gaunich.  The creature’s expansive mouth had angular protruding teeth that gleamed in the white light.  Black eyes filled with fire.  Guanich had the body of a lion.  The monster on all fours stood over twice a man’s height.   
“It is so nice to see you Aradeel.  I am forever indebted for your betrayal.  It has brought me such hope for my future.”  Gaunich settled his fiery gaze on Raunst.  “This must be the last of kin.”
“Who are you?”  Raunst demanded.
Gaunich gave a deep laugh that echoed throughout the chamber.  “You haven’t done a very good job with this one, Aradeel.”   
“You better have come to fight.”  Aradeel leaned forward with his words.
Raunst’s chest warmed.  His skin went damp with sweat.  His grip tightened on the hilt of his blade.  Even in the darkness the scene before him was crisp and clear.  He felt a gentle tug, drawing him closer to Guanich.   
“Stay back.”  Raunst’s tone was even and calm.
The monster sank down, it was clear he was ready to pounce.  Aradeel let loose a firebolt.  The flash of power connected with the monster and fizzled out.  Gaunich leapt.  Jake and Psydra dodged to one side, Raunst and Charles to the other.  Aradeel and Gaunich collided.  Aradeel desperately sought for a way to grapple the beast to the ground, but it was all he could do to hold on.  Gaunich spun and thrashed.  Aradeel’s body slammed against the stone wall.  
“Look out!”  Psydra yelled.
  Jake dove to the side, Gaunich charged past him.  Gaunich turned the corner of the room dragging Aradeel along the stone wall.  The great demon turned the next corner, immediately in front of him stood Raunst.  The frail looking human put a smile on his face as prepared to collide.  Raunst stooped and rolled under the monster.  Gaunich ran right over as Raunst’s blade tore across the beasts exposed chest from below.  Gaunich reared up crashing through the ceiling.  Debris fell all around Raunst.  He clamored to his feet and slashed the beast from behind.  Gaunich let a mighty scream.
The monster turned.  The massive maw loomed over Raunst.  The exposed teeth dripped with moisture.  The beasts ferocious tongue slip from side to side across the bottom of its massive mouth.  Raunst poised himself to parry.  Psydra looked on in terror as the beast struck.
“No!”  Psydra’s shriek was lost as Gaunich’s blow connected; a downward strike from his forelimbs directly on Raunst.  Raunst parried with his sword in both hands, holding firm the blade over his head.  Gaunich reeled back and swiped the blade from Raunt’s hands.  Raunst stumbled back, his weapon on the ground at Gaunich’s feet.  Aradeel charged into Gaunich from the side at a full run; the two spilled over and crashed into the wall. Another section of the great ceiling collapsed down.  Raunst’s sword disappeared under the rubble.  
As the two great demons wrestled and fought, Raunst dug in to the loose wood and rock.  His allies had retreated to the back of the chamber, Jake and Charles holding their swords high side by side, ready to make a stand.  Psydra dashed away from them to Raunst as the struggling demons came to their feet lashing at each other.  
“Raunst, look out!”  Psydra’s warning came just in time.  Raunst leapt to the side to avoid being trampled by Gaunich’s charge.  In his wake the monster uncovered Raunst’s sword.
Gaunich pounced onto Aradeel and tore at him with his massive ripping teeth.  The mighty demon bit again, ripping his foe in half.  Aradeel’s form turned to dust and vanished. 
Gaunich turned to Raunst.  The beast charged.  Raunst scurried through the monster’s massive legs and darted around behind him.  The beast turned and his shoulder crashed into one of the large columns.  Stone fell loose from the broken pillar; Gaunich winced away from the blow.  He looked more surprised than pained.  
Raunst stood close to another of the giant pillars.  Gaunich lunged at him.  Raunst circled around the column.  The mighty hand of Gaunich shattered the stone.  The force threw Raunst across the floor.  The beast cackled in a deep baritone.  Raunst came to his feet facing the creature.  Blood began to run from beneath his hair and down the back of his neck.  The shattered stone had left a gash.
The giant monster looked at Raunst’s red hand as he pulled it away from his neck.  “Fragile little things you humans are.”  The beast thrashed the remainder of the column and stood directly over Raunst.  The man stood steady.  Gaunich looked directly upon him with his solid purple eyes wide now.
The monsters eyes flared.  His large arm came across ferociously slamming Raunst sideways toward the far wall.  His body rolled over the stone floor.  Dazed, Raunst stood.   He faced Gaunich with a stoic vigor, although it was obvious his physical strength was failing.
“I have waited for this day.  You will beg for mercy like your ancestor before you.”
Raunst looked to the sword on the floor.  It was closer now but still too far out of reach.  He turned and stared at the monster looming over him.
“None of my ancestors would ever have bowed to you.”
Gaunich raised his arms high and slammed them on the floor where Raunst stood, but the man skirted his way under the massive creature.  He came around the column and lifted his sword from the ground in defense.  Gaunich swung his claws.  Raunst raised the sword to parry, knowing the strength of the blow would be unstoppable.  
A loud crash echoed through the chamber.  Raunst opened his eyes.  He filled with shock.  The sword held firm his hands, holding off the giant’s arm.  The monster strained against him, but the young man barely felt the weight of the blade at all. 
Gaunich swung again.  Raunst parried then jumped back from the beast. He gave a sly grin.  A feeling inside Raunst solidified in to words in his mind.  It sounded like the voice of Aradeel echoing to him.  Maybe it was the duke’s voice, he wasn’t sure.  The words were clear.  ‘The medallion is the key, the key lies within.’  
The giant paused his assault.  The creature took a step to the side and studied further the boy’s position.
“Did you really face off against TecDemon?”  
Gaunich laughed.  “To his knees.  He begged for his life.”
“Then how did this sword escape you, if you had the man who last wielded it entombed?”  
“He vainly came to me unarmed.  Even he doubted that you could defeat me.   It took little time for me to devour him.   You half-breed demons have that sweet human blood running through you.”  Gaunich sloshed his gigantic black tongue across his slimy lips.  
The monster swung in anger, Raunst struck at the giant’s arm.  Gaunich pulled his arm back with a terrible cry.  Raunst stood his ground.  The sword had pierced the monster’s skin.   
Raunst charged the beast swinging the blade over his head and repelling the giant’s arms.  He charged through his legs and drove the blade across the flesh of the monster’s leg.  Gaunich crashed down to the ground.  The demon’s black blood slithered along his flesh.  It spread over his arms.  Gaunich’s eyes burned white hot.  
Inside his own chest, Raunst felt drawn to the demon.  Each moment he wanted to step closer.  Raunst looked deep within the massive mouth of the demon, down beyond where he could see, he could hear a siren’s call.  Beconing him into the maw of the world eater.
“Raunst, no!” Psydra watched Raunst stumble into the monster’s path. 
Blood ran freely from the open wound across Raunst's back. Gaunich stood up on his hind legs. The demon towered over Raunst.  Behind the monster, the sun broke over the crest of the hill.  The storm clouds split wide enough to let the light through.  The demon’s red flesh lined with slashes from Raunst’s sword.  
 “I cannot be killed, Demonboy.  No blade cut by the hand of man can defeat me.  My wounds are temporary,” the beast began to chuckle again.  The monster studied his body, expectantly, but the wounds stayed open.  The gash at his leg began to drip a light stream of purple blood.  Gaunich lashed out at Raunst.  The man’s parry cut deep into the monster’s claw, severing a finger.    
Raunst leaned forward with the blade across his chest.  “The time has come for you to give me what I seek.  I will only give you one chance for mercy,” Raunst hands kept a firm grip on the dark metal blade.
“No,” the beast crashed to the ground.  Gaunich sprang up to all fours.  The monster’s head weaved side to side, tracking with the rise and fall of Raunst’s heavy breathing.  Raunst approached the monster, his long blade extended at his enemy.  
“Being invincible to the weapons of man, made you the perfect place to keep the prize of my ancestor.”
“Element…” Gaunich struggled to find the words.  “The fallen one’s sword…” the beast extended its claw to reach for the blade itself.  Gaunich’s fingers gripped it with their dwindling strength, but soon fell to the ground at Raunst’s feet.
Raunst again walked toward the beast with the sword in both hands, the monster was on its side, its breathing labored and slow.  Raunst raised the sword high above him and brought the blade down in a heavy slice across the beast.  The labored breathing ceased and its claw slammed to the floor.
The young man knelt down and thrust his hand deep into the creature’s chest.  He probed through the icy cold insides.  His fingers slid along a solid object.  Closing his hand around it Raunst retrieved it.  He emerged washed with black blood. A glint of gold shimmered through in the morning light. The object was roughly the size of his palm.  Raunst wiped it clean and revealed a pendent with five equal segments divide by engraved lines.  Centered in each wedge was a precious gem:  ruby, emerald, sapphire, diamond and onyx.
Raunst placed the chain around his neck.  His mind flooded with knowledge.  The voices of the demon lords set off like a lightning storm in his mind.  Raunst steadied himself to clear the intrusive thoughts, but he could only turn them down so much.  They would not silent.  Within them he knew the incantations to seal the beast before him, other spells and chants became known to him.  Raunst concentrated on the task at hand.  His lips began to form the words.
  
Chapter 6:  To Arms

The four had been on their way for some time.  The sun soared high on their right side.  They traveled together with the single uncertain hope, that destiny was about to change.  
Raunst had barely spoken a word since the fight with Gaunich. His mind had not settled with the new voices within.  The web of ideas and thoughts hung over his thoughts like a dense fog. With each passing minute, he felt more uncertain about the medallion at his chest and what it meant for him. He and his companions rode on through the morning, silently.  
Psydra interrupted the silence just short of midday. Her horse needed a rest. They stopped where a gentle brook crossed under a small stone bridge. After they dismounted, each took a few steps and stretched their limbs.
“How do you feel?  You don't look the same,” Psydra's voice shook.
“It's dark in here,” Raunst turned to her and placed his hand over the medallion.  His eyes now a contained a soft grey that swirled among the white like a forming cloud.  
“What can I do, Raunst?”
"I can hear them. The demons caged within this pendant.  It's chaos. The demons alone held this power. Aradeel caused great unrest with their kind.  Its not just the greater demons that were sealed, there are plenty of smaller beasts that could ravage this world.”
"Xero's army." Jake said.
Raunst looked at Jake.  The archer caught sight of the grey in Raunst's eyes. "Yes."  
“Are you okay?”  Psydra reached out her hand and put it upon his shoulder.  
Raunst felt an easiness that he had not felt before.  His body relaxed for the first time since placing the chain around his neck.  He looked to her and his gesture softened.  Raunst smiled.  Psydra couldn’t resist forming a tiny grin. Raunst grabbed her hand and placed it over his heart.  “I feel it burning inside me.”  
“Maybe you are not ready for this,” she stated grazing her fingers across the medallion.  It was smooth and warm.  
Raunst closed his eyes and lifted his head to the sky, the sun drenched his skin.  “It feels good out here today.  Hardly believe that we’re about to wage war on a devil army.”
“Don’t talk of it, now,” Psydra pulled her hand away.  Raunst reached out and grabbed her hand.  He shut his eyes and basked in the sunlight. He gave a gentle squeeze. It felt good to have her fingers between his. 
“I’m fine.”
Jake took his horse up the creek for water. After a few steps he saw a sillouhete beside the water ahead.  Jake slowed his pace.  A few more careful steps and he could see Charles. Jake relaxed and approached the man.
“I’ve never seen anything like it,” Jake whispered to the giant man beside him.  "Did you see his eyes?  I am not sure about this."
“Come now, boy." Charles put his hand on Jake's shoulder. "You’re about to become part of a legend.  Once the battle ends and we’re standing at his side, you realize we’re going to be part of those stories for years to come?”  Charles asked.
“You don’t seem like a fame seeker.”  Jake scanned the hillside then turned back to Raunst.
“You do,” Charles chuckled, he had spent plenty of time motivating young volunteers when he fought for Talin.
Jake did even crack a smile.  “Do you truly think one man can take out Xero?”
“This kid’s great, great, great, great grandfather decimated an entire army of monsters.  The legend says his kin would forever carry the blessed blood.  That is some awesome power," it was no more unbeleivable to him than the magic he had seen from Xero. 
“Stories aren’t all they are supposed to be, Charles.  Just remember everything you heard about me.”
“You make a point, kid,” Charles raked his beard between his fingers. 
"So do you believe in all this?" Jake asked.
Charles paused a moment. "Not sure," He kicked a river rock into the brook, "but I have a score to settle."
The four companions continued their trek north and east.  It would be at least another day before they would reach Sevastion.   
As they day pressed on, clouds had began to drift in from the south.  Delicate light flickered in the distance and the sound of thunder rolled in behind them.  In mid-afternoon as the four crested a hill a thick black plume appeared to the northwest.  Against the darkened sky it was harder to be sure just how big it was, but there was little question of where.  
"Feltin," Jake said at last.  
The four looked on, holding their horses. 
"We must hurry to Sevastion," Raunst urged.
They trotted down the hill, staying more east than north to avoid Xero's army. The sky turned almost completely black.  The air thickened with humidity.  Ahead of them a large bolt of lightning stuck down.  A trashing, heavy roar of thunder exploded.  
The path grew thick with trees and brush.  It became harder for the group to make their way on.  After a time, they came across a trail going their direction and followed it. It was a relief to be out of the thick slapping forest branches for a bit. Minutes later they came upon the charred remains of a roadside inn.  The small building would have burned quickly.  
Lying motionless on the trail was the body of a young lady in a white dress.  Raunst dismounted and walked over to her.  As he knelt down beside her lifeless body, he realized that she had been laid with her arms slightly out, her head aimed east along the road, pointing the way.
“He knows we're coming,” Raunst stood back from the woman’s body.  He looked to the east where she was directing them. 
“Why wouldn’t he just wait here for you?  Or why not come looking for you?”  Charles was disturbed by the lifeless arrow.  “Why make you follow him now?”
“Maybe he is scared of you,” Jake shrugged.  
Raunst closed his eyes and extended his arm to the east.  He calmed his thoughts in an effort to feel the way.  Nothing came to him.  
“What are you doing now?” Psydra asked with a small smile.
“I am trying to see the way.”
Jake studied while Raunst stood in concetration.  With his outstreched hand, Raunst reamined in place for a long minute.  Jake let a sigh.  Psydra flashed Jake a scornful look.  
When at last, Raunst's eyes opened, his expression stayed blank. Raunst blinked a few times then shook out his arm and bounced his head from side to side releiving a tenseness in his muscles. 
"What?" Jake asked. He wasn't sure what to expect as an answer.
"Nothing." Raunst extendened his arm east once more.  He calmed his breathing and his thoughts.  His eyes slowly drifted open, but the world before him was transparent.  He was seeing through the hills and the mountains, the trees and the storm.  In the distance he could see the outlines of Xero’s dark army.  They marched steadily, intent on following their master.  As he vision honed in on them he felt a sense of urgency among their mood. A large form walked among them, in the middle of the pack.  The name neared the edge of Raunst's tongue.  A sudden surge of energy shot through him, his vision ended.  He took a step back and breathed in deeply.
“I don't understand.” Raunt's mind wrapped around the memory of his vision as he spoke. "They are heading to Sevastion, that is certain." He trailed off.
“What is it?” Psydra asked.  
A loud clash of thunder vibrated the air.  Raunst's three companions looked at him in silent expectation.  Rain began to fall, first as a few heavy drops, then steadily more and more.  No one moved for shelter. 
Raunst turned to Psydra. The girl lifted her eyes to his. They were hard to see through the rain, but the gray smoke still drifted in them.  Steam rose from his chest as rain fell upon the medallion around Raunst's neck. Psydra jumped down from her mount and rushed to him.  Her hand went to the medallion.  She grabbed it tightly. The metal burned her hand and she released it.  
“It’s burning hot!”  She screamed.
She reached out to it again for it.  Raunst grabbed her hand in his.  She stood in silence as he held her hand in the rain.  The clouds seemed to lighten in his eyes and a smile crept across his face.
“I’m okay.”  Raunst assured her.  
The two stood hand in hand as the rain fell.  
“We should get inside and wait for this to pass,” Charles yelled through the storm.
Psydra and Raunst still stood, hand in hand, eyes locked.  
“What do you see?” she asked him.  
“More every time I open my eyes.  I see your father.  He loved you,” Raunst stared deeper into her eyes, Psydra wanted to turn away but she couldn’t.  
“Come on lovebirds,” Jake dropped off of his horse and led the creature under a thick patch of trees. 
Lightning flashed across the sky.  Raunst and Psydra stood in the rain.  Raunst’s gentle hold on her hand had become more solid.  His other hand moved to her shoulder.  His piercing glare intimidated her, but intrigued her more.  She could almost feel him reaching inside her mind and twirling it gently with his fingers, reading the pages of her thoughts like an open book.
"You were there when she died." Raunst said at last.
Psydra's skin faded to pale. "Yes."
"I can see her through your eyes.  You were afraid and sad. I can see my father, too.  And him, he is there."
Psydra answered. "Xero would have killed us all that day."
Raunst continued, steeped in visions of Psydra's memories. "She gave her life willingly." He could see the many warriors that had come that day, standing alive.  His mother on the ground, bleeding before them. Xero standing over her mortally wounded body. Talin and Christopher rushed Xero together.  Xero did not raise a hand to stop them. "Why didn't he fight?"
"He fought ferociously.  When Seline tried to perform the sealing rite, he could see no other target.  They couldn't protect her." Tears form in Psydra's eyes. 
Raunst could see Xero's face. Even in another's memory their was clarity.  The power within the medallion travelled through him.  With the power came the whispers of the demons buried within. One voice spoke to him above the others. You belong with us demonboy. "He was only drawing out his real target."  
"I don't understand." Psydra lowered her head as the rain thickened.
Raunst dropped her hand and stepped away. "At Enfirus, he told me. TecDemon, through the stones, through his spectre's words. Even Aradeel. Psydra they all knew it would be my place to stand in this fight. Xero knew, too. He has always been after me."
"He fears his own death." Charles interjected. 
"In my vision just now, looking to Sevastion, I saw Gaunich. He is with Xero now."
"How is that possible?"
"Xero has found a way to bridge our two worlds. It is how he came here from banishment."
"But how did he get here?" 
"Someone must have opened the door for him."
"Who?"
"I don't know, but I believe the medallion can close the door." Raunst returned to his horse. "We must go to Sevastion. Jake, untie those horses, we don’t have time to wait this out,” Raunst ordered.
“What’s going on?” the archer stepped out into the heavy rain.  “What is it?”
Psydra turned to him her face still white.  “Xero is going to Sevastion.  It’s the last outpost of the resistance.”
“We must meet with him at Sevastion, it will be the only chance we’ll have to stop him,” Raunst spoke with a flat tone.  “The black swords and armor were made to destroy the demons.”
“Then why weren't we able to stop them before?” Charles had rejoined them.  
“They weren’t crafted to be wielded by human warriors.  They will only work in the presence of a divine creature,” Raunst looked to his two male companions. They were staring, obviously they had not made the connection.
“Like the one he’s got around his neck,” Psydra finished.
The four mounted in the middle of the storm.  The thunder rolled inward from the sea.  Raunst looked back over his shoulder at the three who were about to follow him.  
“I want you all to know that you don’t have to come with me,” his words sank in the rain.  
Psydra looked to him, and said nothing.  Jake readied his hands on the reigns.  Charles looked to the other two and then back to Raunst.  He tilted his head away a moment.  He wasn’t sure that it was his place to speak, but he did anyway.
“Yes we do.”

Chapter 7:  One Knight

“This is it my brothers,” Xero boasted to his minions.  “This is where we take rule of this planet, the darkness shall be forever our slave, no longer our master.”
The beasts stood below him in an open grass valley.  A massive serpentine shape of black mist and dark smoke moved among the smaller creatures on the field.  “Freedom,” it hissed.
“The resistance to us shall fall here.  We will destroy the human’s who pretend to rule and live with justice and fairness.”  
“Retribution,” hissed the great black snake.  It lined the back of the demons that now stood about the open field.  Waiting for the command to attack.  Their morale was not in question.  It had taken only one visionary to unite them against the noble people of this land.  
“No more exile, no more submission, no more pain.  Tonight we become the master’s of the world!”  Xero exclaimed his delight into the overcast dark of night.  A loud clash of thunder echoed with him.  
The general looked up to the mountain pass before his army, Sevastion lay ahead.  The last resistance army they would encounter and it would soon be crushed.  Xero had dreamed of this moment for over a hundred years, since he long ago found a way to escape the darkness.  His coveted secret that maintained his power over the other demons he had helped cross into this world.
“Forward into battle!  Victory is certainly ours!”
The rain still was pouring on the racing hero and his company.  His eyes were dark and his head was filling with visions of evil.  He felt a pull to Xero's beasts.  There was something very dark and very strong that had before crouched in the back of his mind and now crept outward.  A dark thought that he could feel spread.  He looked to Psydra.
Psydra was just behind his lead; her own horse was exhausted, panting wildly.  She feared his steps would falter, but she feared more that she would lose Raunst if he got away from her now.  She had no choice but to press on.
Charles Korzax was chanting in his own mind.  Praying the way he used to before battle.  “To fight with strength and to be slain with honor.”  Over and over he thought.  His sword feeling heavy pressed against his back.  The rain had soaked him through.
Stokes on the other hand was feeling rather light-hearted.  Jake had never been formally introduced into battle, although he had fought along on many adventures.  War was not in his history.  The young archer brandished a reluctant smile.  Although he noted the faces of his comrades were far less bright.
The four journeyed over the hills toward the mountains.  The ground was easily traveled even without a road to guide them.  The rain slacked as the soft mud turned to rocky soil.  They were nearing the base of the mountains and nearing to Sevastion.  
“We need to slow down!” Charles screamed ahead through the rain.  “The horses cannot run this ground!”
Raunst felt his steed slow down. He could not force the animal to rush the rough terrain.  His expression became heavy.  
“We will make it, Raunst,” Psydra spoke to him above the rain.
Raunst hardly heard her.  He pulled the reigns back hard and his horse reared up.  As the creature settled back down, the rider closed his eyes and extended his hand, once more.  The rain and thunder faded to silence. He saw through the mountain.  The army came into view before him.  They were closing in to Sevastion; it would take all of their speed to reach the black army before the battle began.  
“We mustn’t slow.  Sevastion is the only place we can make this stand.”  
Raunst pressed on as fast as his steed would carry him.  Over the last hill they raced on.  The dove across the valley plains and toward the pass that would lead them deep into the heart of the mountains, to the fortress of Sevastion.  The group rode on without slowing.  They found the trail up the pass and the horse's pace quickened.  The rain slacked off to a fine mist.
Psydra held close to Raunst, he was leaning far over his horse.  “Are you okay?”
Raunst didn’t stir.  His arm fell loosely to his side.
“Raunst?” Psydra reached out and grabbed his arm in panic.
The hero sat up abruptly.  “I’m fine.”
“I’m worried about you,” she kept her hand on his arm.  “The closer we get to this army, the further away you seem.”
“There is something dark about this medallion.  I don’t yet understand it, Psydra.”  He looked to her his face and eyes light again as she had not seen since before the rain had started.
Suddenly her hand was pulled from his arm.  The girl fell from her horse and stuck the ground; her horse reared and turned on its hind legs, then burst away nearly trampling it rider.  Psydra turned slowly, covered in dark mud.  Raunst pulled his sword.
“Look out!” he screamed to the others.  Along the side of the path a great dark shadow hung over the road.  It was hanging from the ledge above.  Bleak fiery eyes turned out from the mist, and a hissing sound cut through the light drizzle.
“My mas-s-ster s-s-sends-s-s his-s-s regards-s-s,” the serpent climbed down the outcropping, Psydra backed away on her hands slowly, her body gripped in pain.
Raunst sprang from his horse. His black blade glowed a brilliant white.  The snake withdrew from its charge and swept the hero’s feet with its green tail.  Raunst fell to the mud.  An arrow passed straight through the beast and clinked off the stone wall.  
“I never miss!” Jake yelled in frustration.
“I don’t think you did, mate.”  Charles jumped from his horse and drew his own saber.  “I think this one’s special.”  The large bearded man flashed a flat smile at the serpent.  Their eyes met. “You okay, Raunst?” Charles asked.
“Yeah,” Raunst stood shaking his head from the fall.
“How about you, lass?”  He spoke without taking his eyes from the monster.  He loosed his double-bladed axe from its leather wrap.  
“Been better,” Psydra was backed against a rock and trying to stand.  Her lungs were fighting to get a full breath.
Charles hoisted the heavy axe in both hands. “How about you, pretty?  You feeling a little too healthy?”
The large man tucked his shoulder, dove and rolled through the mud, he sprang up axe in hand outstretched just missing the great serpent.  The serpent pulled back to strike him, and a second arrow clinked nearby, the beast turned in surprise.
“Damn!” Jake shouted.
Raunst charged the snake. He swung a wild arc with his glowing blade.  The snake darted away and raced away from Raunst down the pass toward the wounded girl. The mist body became opaque. The snake beast leapt from the ground, mouth wide open.  A shimmering set of fangs leaning out of the open maw.  Psydra dropped and rolled out of the way. The serpent crashed into the wall.
Raunst and Charles circled the beast against the wall.  Raunst strick with his sword, and Charles with his axe, but each strike went straight through.  The snake let out a terrible hiss.  
Psydra stood. The lady drew her sword, visibly shaking in her stance.  The three now surrounded the giant beast.  The serpent coiled together.
“What pride I s-s-shall bring with me, knowing that I defeated the one knight of legend, the demon s-s-slayer hims-s-self.”
The snake lunged at Raunst.  The serpent smashed him with the flat of its head. The force threw Raunst, his body slid through the mud. Charles swung at the extended snake.  His feet dropped from beneath him as the tail whipping through his legs.  
Psydra clamored up the hill. She slipped in the mud as she approached, barely missing her own blade as she fell.  The snake released another great hiss.  Its head turned to each assailant, lumbering in the wet earth.    
“S-s-surrender is-s-s not an option, TecDemon.”  
Raunst clumbed to his feet.  He held his bright sword high. The young man charged the giant serpent, passing through its form. The snake turned abruptly and struck at Raunst.  The beast stopped and screamed. A sudden piercing pain in its jaw disrupted the monster's attack.  TecDemon slashed his blade at the open maw, tearing the exposed flesh of the snake.
The serpent crashed to the mud.  Black blood spilled out fromits wounds. The black liquid joined a stream of water running along the path.  A second wound from a well-aimed arrow was bleeding from the side of the serpent’s face.  
Jake erupted "Eat that arrow, you dirty, stubborn-” 
“It's not the time to celebrate,” Charles interrupted as he crawled out of the mud.
Raunst rushed down to Psydra and helped her back to her feet.  Psydra looked about the narrow pass for the horses.  They were one short. Her horse had run off in the panic.
“Raunst, you need to go, I will ride with Charles and we will meet you when we can.”
“Psydra, you three should ride the other way.”
“We’re coming with you, whether you like it or not,” Charles rang in.
“Till this fight is over,” Jake threw in.  “You might need me to save your life again.

Xero looked up the slope of the hill to the fortress on top.  Two heavy stone towers stood at either end of the reinforced wall around the fortress. A narrow roadway led up to sturdy gate.  It was a defense that would hold against any army, any army except the one now standing before it.  
Xero looked between the hillside fortress and his army. He chuckled.  It was so easy now to see his plan unfolding, his final warriors moved into position. The boy would soon come to face him, medallion in hand. 
Once it was in Xero's possession, the greatest demon would be his to control.  That he had planned this all so well, Xero was brimming with excitement.
Xero waived his hand to his troops to silence them.  He looked down at the creatures of fire and blackness.  His lips curled upward.
His voice was barely a whisper.
“Kill.”
Raunst and Jake came quickly around a bend in the trail and halted their horses.  Just ahead the army of beasts rushed up the path to the fortress of Sevastion.  The soldiers lining the walls and towers fired volleys of arrows.  The damage would occasionally slow the beast’s accent, but the wounds were transient.
Jake looked to his companion and behind to the empty trail.  He considered his chances to escape. Raunst’s face had resettled into the dark look that he had worn most of the night.  Jake spoke what encouragement he could. “Let’s get this over with.”
Raunst pulled the sword from its sheath. The radiant light glimmered proudly over his head.  Raunst felt a rage burning deep inside him.  He jumped down from his horse. His feet splashed in the muddy ground a roll of thunder followed.
Jake steadied his steed, and readied his bow.
Raunst took one step at a time, determined and steady.  His cloak fell way from him and piled in the muddy path.  The rain began to drip down slowly.  The scattered drops did little to cover the splash of each step the young man took.  His breathing stayed slow and deep. His pace increased as the rage inside grew.  
The young archer followed his lead on horseback, ready to fire with his loaded arrow.  His heart raced as the distance between them and the dark army closed.  
Raunst could no longer hear his own thoughts.  His chest swelled with a violent tearing power.  He broke into a full run, his breathing never changed.  
The sky opened and the rain poured down.  The sizzle of the water melting away from the flame-covered demons would be heard echoing even through the downpour.  The arrows from the fort above flew in at random. The rain masked the archers' target.  The men and women inside the stone walls stood with weapons ready.  
“Xero”, the young knight called to his enemy, not slowing his pace.
Jake could hardly see to keep up, he was afraid that his horse would trample the young hero in the rain.  But even a little distance on the dark rainy night was too much.  He could barely make out the light of the sword to follow him.
Xero turned at the sound. The final part of his plan had come into play.  The ancient medallion that had imprisoned the great Peris, lord of the Demon army, was to be his this night.
Xero stood and faced Raunst.  Raunst rushed at Xero.  Xero pulled his cloak in and stepped off to the side with a calm grace.  Raunst lost his footing in the mud and fell to the ground.  He quickly rolled readied his sword to block.  
Xero stood a few paces off, not moving to strike. “Ah TecDemon, my savior of the evening.  Bringing your unholy sword, and unholy medallion to my side.  It will be my pleasure to release you from it.”
Raunst lunged in. Xero drew his own blade. The two swords sparked violently with the impact.  From beneath Xero's cloak, glowing dark armor caught Raunst's eye.  Raunst drew back, matching it to his own.
“Who are you?  Why are you wearing?“ but his question was interrupted.
“Angels fight, angels die, at least they used to,” Xero lowered his defense.  “War was waged between the Great Ones.  The most powerful entities of the universe, except for the spirits of life and death, the two that could never be destroyed.”
Xero turned abruptly and stabbed his sword behind him. A sudden scream emerged. 
Jake collapsed to the ground, clutching his wound in one hand and a long dagger in the other.  
“It is rude to interrupt,” Xero said. 
Raunst swung again at Xero.  The great framed demon lifted his sword effortlessly and kocked away the strike. Raunst’s concern turned to his wounded ally.  Jake nodded to him.  
“Life decided this war was drawing on, that the creatures of the light and creatures of balance should be given a weapon to end the fighting forever.  The token you wear was that weapon.  It houses the Great Peris, the mightiest demon to have existed.  A force that no angel was able to defeat.
“They trapped him.  My poor master.  Throughout the ages he has called to me across the black spaces between are worlds.  It was he opened the door to me.”
Jake crawled his way up against a small stone outcropping from the wall. His breathing was heavy.  As the rain started to slack of the screams echoed from above as the sound of battle began at the gates of Sevastion.
“He wanted me to come set him free,” Xero paused.  “To set you free of him.”
The demon threw forward his weapon and slashed at Raunst’s chest.  The armor guarded him from the mighty blow. Raunst struck  quickly at the man’s outstretched arm, tearing the fabric of his shirt, a small red stream appeared.
Raunst steadied his footing on the muddy ground. “I feel your master, I have felt him calling my name as well Xero.”
The two became enbattled in a series of attacks and counterstrikes.  Each fought with a mounting ferocity as the fight continued. The clanging and clashing echoed.  Rain poured on.  
“He pulled me close to him as I traveled to you,” Raunst yelled over the rain and striking metal.  “He told me that the holder of the medallion would be defeated this night, that it was destiny.  Peris said there was no hope for me to see another sunrise.”
“I have heard the same; the proud moment that you will join me in tonight is the liberation of my master!  We shall be united with this cause!  Don’t you feel the power?” Xero words intermixed with excited laughter.
“It is strong in me,” Raunst’s eyes were glazed in the dark smoke.  His chest was torn with the powerful raging darkness in the medallion.  “But so is my blood.”
“Mortal blood doesn’t contest with demonic powers boy!”
Xero swung his sword through the hero’s block and cut away at the flesh on his side.  Raunst winced.  He clutched at his side with his free hand.  The cut was long but shallow.  He regained his footing.
“Just like our own fight,” Raunst stood bravely with his sword, his free hand now holding the medallion in his palm.  His eyes strayed downward to the gems that glowed radiantly.  “So has the battle been renewed in the medallion itself. My soul is linked to the angel within. If I fall, so will he.”  
The hero tore the medallion from his neck and threw it into the air.  Xero rushed for the necklace and extended himself to grasp it.  The gold pendant fell perfectly into his hand, he felt the power of his master flowing through his blood, the voice that had echoed far away cradled him close now.  
Xero stood proudly.  His moment of destiny had arrived.  
“If you fall, so shall the will of Peris.”
Xero clasped desperately to the medallion, his hands weakening as the rain started down again, Raunst pulled the metal chain free from the dying man’s hand and worked his flame bright sword loose from Xero’s chest.  He looked down to the fallen foe.  Xero's expression faded from pride to anguish, his muscles weakening as his blood trailed down the rain soaked path.
Raunst clung tightly to the medallion and looked to Jake.  The young archer looked on in delight as Xero lay on the ground in defeat.
A loud crash came from above, dozens of shrill war cries erupted from the embankment above.  
“Sevastion!”  Raunst leapt over the fallen Xero and charged up the path.  His spirit renewed from the victory he left behind.  
Inside the battered gates, the first defense line was fighting back at the mighty beasts that had shattered the gate.  They were pouring in by the dozens.  At the entrance of the fortress gates stood Gaunich.    
“Retreat!”  Came one cry from a desperate soldier seeing the massive creature.
“Fall back!”  Another shouted.
Raunst charged up the narrow path. The path he traveled showed scorches from the flaming demons that had ascented.  A straggler was just ahead of him.  Without slowing he cleaved with his sword through the beast. The fire bodied beast turned to dust.  Raunst charged on, behind him he heard Jake's distant call.
The troops abandoned the entrance and held a slow retreat through the inner courtyard. They tried to stay close.  The weapons were good for defense and nothing more, the creatures were not affected by their blades black blades.  The sacred metals that they had prayed on to defend them should this day come.  
“I got one, I got one!”  A women’s voice echoed through the chambers.  The battle seemed to pause for a moment, the once dark blades, began to shine from within.  The beasts retreated their assault, uncertain of the change before them.
One of the soldiers bravely stood forward swinging into the encroaching monsters, striking down a flaming creature with his blow.  
A new series of cries came forth as the people’s vigor renewed.  Within minutes ranks were reformed.  The force of men and women  began to fight back the horde of demons within their halls.
The soldiers routed the horde back only a short while, the monsters resurged.  The ranks began to break.  Screams of pain erupted near the right flank.  
"There are just too many!"
A thunderous roar rumbled the courtyard.  The massive Guanich reared up behing the demon army.  The beasts cheered and cackled.  the soldiers scurried to gather their formations.
Guanich settled on all fours. The demon army grew silent.  Atop the beast, mounting him as a steed, rode Raunst. 
"Attack!" Raunst ordered.
The great demon struck the demons before him.  He tore through them, gobbling up the smaller ones in single bites.  The soldiers backed away to leave the monster to do his work.  
Raunst struck down a desperate attacker.  Gaunich sceamed, the stone walls rattled and threatened to cave.  The lessor demons cowered.  Soldiers moved in to dispatch them.  
 As the last monster fell, the warriors of Sevastion let out a mighty cheer of victory.  Raunst climbed down from his mount.  The rain eased.  Raunst shook the hands of one of the soldiers.  The group bowed their heads in thanks. 
A terrified scream came from below.
Raunst spun about and ran the courtyard.  He dashed past the gates and began his decent, the fighters from Sevastion followed without a word.
The force made their way to the pass.  Raunst in the lead stopped as he reached the bottom of the hillside trail.  Before him stood the fallen Xero, lumbering back a forth, his wound still bleeding, the gash into his side great.
The soldiers started to draw around him in a circle, but Raunst waived them back.
He spotted along the sidewall, Jake, Charles, and Psydra were all standing very still.  They were suspended just above the ground, there forms shrouded in mist.
“Not over with this-s-s just yet, young demon” the grey mist formed into a serpent, its mouth scarred and torn, its own strength dwindling.
“Give the s-s-sacred s-s-stones-s-s to me,” the serpent hissed its call.
“The master’s puppet may be on his last legs, but I am still strong.”
The rain diminished to a halt and the sky started to lighten.  Raunst’s eye caught the small traces of light climbing over the mountains in the sky.  Morning was coming.  Xero’s body tumbled to the ground, the last of his strength gone.  His arm stretched out toward Raunst as he collided with the wet earth.  
The serpent let out a terrible hiss.  Xero’s life had ended, and with it the connection between the demon world and this one.  The serpent’s mist form turned to dust and fell to the ground.  The three freed companions took in deep breathes of air.  
Psydra looked to Raunst and saw his face glowed pleasantly. His eyes free of the dark mist that had held him before.  The shadow wrapping him was gone.  She threw her arms around him tightly, thankful that he was there as the sun rose.
Raunst looked around. The brave fighters from Sevastion cheered the victory.  Charles and Jake argued over what story would be told first when they returned home.  Psydra pressed herself close to him.  Raunst looked up to the rising sun, as its radiance crested the mountain and brought the morning heat.  The warmth danced on his skin. 
A new feeling came to his chest.  He pulled Psydra a little closer to him.  He could do nothing more than smile.
