

Copyright 2019 Mark Cheverton
Published by Gameknight Publishing at Smashwords
Cover by Cakamura design


Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or if it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents

More books by Mark Cheverton
Acknowledgments
Author’s Note
Just a Thought
The Nine Stones of the Way
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 18
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Next novel 
Other books written by Mark Cheverton

FANTASY NOVELS

The Giants of StoneHold Series
The Giant’s Giant
The Giant’s Sacrifice – 2021
The Giant’s Nightmare - 2021

MINECRAFT NOVEL

Gameknight999 Series
Invasion of the Overworld
Battle for the Nether
Confronting the Dragon

Mystery of Herobrine Series
Trouble in Zombie-Town
The Jungle Temple Oracle
Last Stand on the Ocean Shore

Herobrine Reborn Series
Saving Crafter
Destruction of the Overworld
Gameknight999 vs. Herobrine

Herobrine’s Revenge Series
The Phantom Virus
Overworld in Flames
System Overload

Birth of Herobrine Series
The Great Zombie Invasion
Attack of the Shadow-crafters
Herobrine’s War

Mystery of Entity303 Series
Terrors of the Forest
Monsters in the Mist
Mission to the Moon

Rise of the Warlords Series
Zombies Attack!
Bones of Doom
Into the Spiders’ Lair

The Wither War Series
The Wither King
The Withers Awaken
The Wither Invasion
 

Acknowledgments

As always, I’d like to thank my family for their endless support and willingness to look at graphics, or read a page, or listen to my constant yammering about the next story idea; they are my foundation, and without them, I would be nothing.
I’d like to thank Stephen Russo for his unyielding support and friendship; he is an excellent addition to our GiantClan. We’re so proud of Stephen and his accomplishments.
I’d also like to thank the person who was the inspiration for the main character, Lacy StormChaser, and that person is my niece, Lacy. Her fierce, confident, resilient attitude and joyous personality make her the perfect giant for this story. We all love you, Lace.

Author’s Note

I am incredibly excited about Theft of the Giants’ Soul. I’ve been thinking about the Giants of StoneHold and what life would be like on Phoenix for a long time now. Delving into this new world, I’ve developed tons of ideas about the tree-people, the Dryads, the Humans under their domed cities, and of course the terrible Scavengers in the WasteLands. Phoenix is filled with many, many stories that I’m looking forward to sharing with you; of course, I should probably write them first. 
This book will likely never see the bookshelves of your local bookstore; I hope that it remains free on my website. If you’re reading this, then you are probably part of my MVP-Club and have signed up for my mailing list. If you aren’t part of the MVP-Club mailing-list, then go to http://markcheverton.com/free-books/ and add your email address to the list. I’ll send you three FREE Minecraft short stories as well as send you chapters to Theft of the Giants’ Soul—directly to your Inbox—so sign up now.
The next book to appear on bookshelves will be The Giant’s Giant. And guess what . . . it’s about Giants! In The Giant’s Giant, you’ll meet more giants from StoneHold, but also some Dryads and some Humans as well—and don’t forget Bailey! The Giant’s Giant will teach you more about the history and lore of giants and StoneHold; you will also learn about the history around the War of the Races (maybe the War of the Races will be a book someday?).
I hope you enjoy Theft of the Giants’ Soul. You can email me through my website, www.markcheverton.com, and tell me what you think; I answer EVERY email, personally. 
By hammer and stone, keep reading and watch out for Baelaths.

- Mark Cheverton

Just a thought

Focusing on negative thoughts – how you might fail or what might happen, only serves to feed the monster that lives within all of us . . . fear. Don’t let your fear determine who you are. Focus on the positive things in life and let that monster shrivel away. Be the person you are meant to be!

The Nine Stones of The Way

DiamondStone
All giants serve their clan, and all clans serve Phoenix. 

RubyStone
A giant trains their body for strength so that they may wield their warhammer in service to their clan. 

AmethystStone
What is expected of a giant is done.

EmeraldStone
A giant earns respect through sacrifice and success. A giant not worthy of respect does not remember the names of their Fathers. 

JadeStone
A giant who fears the enemy in battle does not remember the names of their Fathers.

LapisStone
A true giant faces every obstacle with bravery and determination and refuses to yield. A giant who surrenders is not a giant. 

SapphireStone
A giant only speaks the truth. A giant who is false in word or deed does not remember the names of their Fathers.

ObsidianStone
A giant who does not follow The Way does not remember the names of their Fathers.

BloodStone
Advanced technology is forbidden. The GreatFire must never return to Phoenix. 

Giants who do not follow the stones of The Way have forgotten the names of the Fathers.

A Warning from the Past


Writing from the Ancients
Year: 47, post GreatFire (PGF)

Humanity had flourished. We occupied every part of the planet, including under the oceans and atop the highest peaks. Great machines were built to clean the air, generate energy, and build anything a person could ever want. Our mastery of technology gave Humanity extraordinary abilities, but also incredible arrogance. Turning our technology inward, we tried to replicate ourselves, creating artificially-intelligent robots or aiBots as we called them. The aiBots could do things an average human could not: lift great weights, solve complex calculations, work in hazardous environments . . . the aiBots were the crown jewel of Humanity’s achievements. 
But soon, the aiBots learned something we could not teach; they gained the ability to reprogram their brains. Their intelligence quickly dwarfed Humanity, and they perceived us as a threat. When we realized that we’d unleashed our own destruction, we fired our nuclear missiles at the same time as the aiBots fired theirs; our mutual annihilation a certainty.
Some of us made it to safety, hiding in underground bunkers or caves, trying to stay away from the GreatFire that raged across the landscape . . . but many billions perished. I was one of those lucky few who survived.
My comrades and I watched the GreatFire devour much of the world from our hiding place in a huge underground cavern. After the nuclear fire subsided, smoke and ash filled the sky, plunging the Earth into a darkness we called the LongNight. We don’t know how long the Night will last, nor how we will survive, but survive we must, for Humanity depends on it. 
I’m writing this in hopes of warning the generations who come after me to avoid Humanity’s foolish error. We didn’t need all that technology. We didn’t need those hover-cars, or holographic projectors, or auto-chefs, or any of the conveniences our technology created; sometimes, we should just do things for ourselves, sometimes simple is enough.
ThinkingMachines are an abomination, and any technology that might lead to their revival should be destroyed. Technology should never be allowed to operate itself. It needs a master who is wise; hopefully, the future generations will have that wisdom, for indeed, we did not. 
We watched the Earth die, and a new world be born from flame in its place. This new world must be called Phoenix. I don’t know how we will be changed by this new world, but it is my hope the future generations survives in some new form; they last version of Humanity didn’t end well.
CHAPTER 1

Author unknown – Time capsule found under StoneHold
Date written: Year 6, PostGreatFire (PGF)

Today’s date: Year 1, Post Long Night (PLN)

It was near midnight when the thinking machines set their plan into action, releasing all the terrible weapons of war developed over the years. Night turned to day when humanity’s most dangerous weapons blossomed into life. All of the nuclear missiles on the Earth, built to keep us safe from each other, became the tool of our unmaking.
Most people in the large cities died instantly, turned to ash in a ball of nuclear fire. Many thought the destruction would have ended there; we were wrong. The thinking machines had improved our deadly toys, making them more powerful. The initial explosions decimated the big cities, but the flames of destruction did not stay there. A wall of fire spread across the land, the firestorm feeding itself with the oxygen in the air. It became a Great Fire that charred the surface of the Earth, changing humanity forever. It isn’t clear how long the black clouds will cover the sky, or if humanity can even survive this long, endless night, but hopefully, someone in the future will read my writings and learn from our folly.


Darkness wrapped around twelve-year-old Lacy StormChaser like a shadowy blanket, her imagination conjuring terrifying beasts of all shapes and sizes within the gloom. She crept through the dim tunnel, her knife gripped tightly in her hand, ready for her prey. Giants don’t usually use knives as weapons. They’re looked upon with disgust for Giants prefer warhammers instead. But today, her knife was a perfect choice. 
A scraping sound filled her ears. Lacy turned her head. “Shhh . . .”
“Sorry,” Maerk, her eleven-year-old younger brother, whispered. “Do you see any?”
Lacy held up a hand for silence, then crept towards the tunnel wall, the skin of water hanging over her right shoulder sloshing about, another filled with sour milk over her left doing the same. She ducked under a stony stalactite. A drop of mineral water fell from the protrusion and landed on her long, red hair— the moisture trapped in her crimson locks. Ignoring a second drop, she crept forward, searching for her prey. 
Just then, a blue glow materialized on the cave wall up ahead. 
There it is, she thought. I have to move slow and quiet to catch it. But what if I miss it? What will we eat today? We have no money and haven’t eaten since yesterday morning, and Dad’s getting weak. What if I mess this up? Maerk and Dad will go hungry for another day. I hope I don’t fail . . . again.
Lacy clenched her teeth, then bit at the inside of her cheek, something she did when she was uncertain and afraid, which was always since the death of her mother two years ago. 
Moving forward, she carefully stepped over a small stalagmite, the perpetual drip of mineral water from the stone column overhead missed her this time. With her fingers squeezed firmly around the handle of her knife, Lacy moved closer to the wall. 
It’s a big one! 
She inhaled, filling her lungs, then held it; if they feel your breath, it’s over. Lacy moved closer, her old, stiff boots creaking as the young giant crept as quietly as possible toward her target. Thoughts of failure circled her soul like vultures around a dying beast. Every possible way she could mess this up materialized in her mind, taunting her. The thoughts filled her with dread and destroyed the smallest bits of confidence struggling against the tide of doubt.
It was three steps away. 
A bead of sweat broke loose from her hairline and trickled slowly down Lacy’s cheek. At first, she thought it was a tiny CaveSpider, the small creatures’ painful bite able to make the largest of giants feel sick. She wanted to brush it aside as she walked, but knew she had to focus on her prey. The tiny drop of moisture finally dripped off her cheek, landing on the collar of her thick cloak. 
One more step. 
Lacy raised the knife to face level and . . . leaping forward, she plunged the blade against the stone wall and slid it under the GlowWorm. Flicking the tip away from the wall, she popped it off the stone wall without injuring it, Maerk at her side, catching the worm in a canvas sack. 
“We got it!” Maerk stared into the bag, the iridescent glow from the strange insect painting his face with a cerulean hue. Reaching into the bag, Maerk pushed the GlowStone shards they’d gathered earlier aside and carefully scooped up the worm, then placed it into a glass container. He pulled a small purple leaf from a pocket and dropped it in, then sealed it up. The worm instantly started to munch on the leaf, glowing contentedly. “It’s a big one. Wealthy giants will pay a good price for a GlowWorm of this size. Good job, Lace.” Maerk held the lantern up, lighting the walls and floor with a rich, blue glow.
Laughter and music started to trickle into the tunnel from the GreatCavern behind them; the celebration was beginning. It was the first anniversary of the end of the LongNight. 
“You hear that?” Maerk glanced at his sister.
Lacy nodded. “Sounds like the music has started. I heard the GiantCouncil brought in Dryad musicians from one of the GreatForests.”
“I can’t believe it’s already been a year. Do you remember the day when the clouds parted, and we saw the sky for the first time?” Maerk smiled as the memory played through his head.
“Yeah, who would have thought it would be blue?” 
“And the stars at night. It was like a sky full of gems.” Maerk smiled at his sister, then sighed as the music grew louder. He cast his sad eyes to the ground. 
Lacy knew he wanted to go to the celebration, but for the poor, like them, there was little there to do. Nothing was free; food and drink all cost money—something they rarely had since the death of their mother. 
Their mom and dad had both come down with the ShakingFlu, her mother, Jonna, succumbing to the disease and passing away. Tomas, their father, had survived, but the terrible disease had left him infirmed and too weak to stand. 
The guilt Lacy felt over her mom’s passing, and her father’s illness was nearly suffocating; it had been her fault. When the ShakingFlu suddenly moved throughout StoneHold, Lacy had become sick. At the time, she considered running away to protect her family from the disease, but she’d been afraid. Instead of protecting her mother and father, she stayed at home and infected them both. The thought of that terrible failure made her soul hurt. And now, because of her cowardice, their mom was dead, and their father terribly ill; he could barely get out of bed. 
Lacy had hidden her father’s condition from the GiantCouncil. If they ever learned of Thomas’s condition, Lacy and Maerk would be taken from him and likely sent to different foster homes; they’d never be together again. Lacy struggled every day to keep that from happening.
The third stone in The Way, the AmethystStone, says: What is expected of a giant is done. Lacy, as the oldest child, was expected to provide for the family, and that pressure was nearly overwhelming. She and her brother searched the tunnels and caves under their village, StoneHold, looking for anything they could trade for food or clothing, but it wasn’t enough. They’d lost their home and now lived in the poorest section, not even within their village of StoneHold. They lived under the Giant’s Causeway, the steps leading into the GreatCavern. Chilling cold constantly nipped at their skin, their pathetic home cramped and nearly barren. Lacy could barely remember a time, long ago, before the ShakingFlu, when she actually felt hopeful for a good life, but those days were long gone; hope was a distant memory.
For Lacy, being poor was a constant reminder of how she failed her brother and father; she didn’t deserve any respect. A giant without respect was not a giant; it was something their dad taught them many years ago, and, though he constantly gave her encouraging words, she saw the sadness in his eyes whenever he gazed at their pathetic home.  
“I see another worm up ahead,” Maerk whispered. “Let’s get a couple more, then go sell them and have a full meal for a change.” His voice grew loud with excitement, echoing off the granite walls. Instantly, the distant GlowWorm extinguished its blue glow, merging into the darkness; the translucent worm now impossible to find. “Sorry.”
Lacy patted him on the back, then wiped a sweaty hand on her torn and dirty pants. Gripping her knife, she continued down the tunnel, her light footsteps barely making any sound. Maerk held the glass container high in the air, allowing the light from their captured specimen to paint the walls with a gentle sapphire hue. 
Suddenly, a blue spot materialized in the distance, Lacy’s eyes picking it out of the gloom. She walked cautiously toward the worm, the music and laughter fading away as they went deeper into the rocky flesh under StoneHold. Drips of water from the ceiling and the squeaks of CaveMice became their new music, the occasional cricket adding a bit of percussion to the performance. 
Suddenly, a sliding sound, like rough leather scraping against steel, floated to her ears. She glanced at Maerk, thinking he was dragging his feet, but he had stopped as well. Now, a rapid clicking sound accompanied the scrapes. She froze and glanced at her brother. 
“ShadowSnake,” she hissed.
Maerk nodded and remained perfectly still like his sister. 
Glancing around, Lacy scanned the tunnel for the source of the noise. Then she saw something move across the ground. It looked like a thin shadow sliding across the stone floor, the occasional ray of blue light from the GlowWorm reflecting off something shiny. When it moved into the worm’s glow, Lacy saw it clearly; a midnight-black snake slithered across the ground. The deadly creature headed toward them, it’s scaly hide shiny, like polished obsidian. This was a ShadowSnake, a creature feared by all. 
The snake opened and closed its mouth rapidly, making the clicking sound. It was imitating an insect, hoping to lure other cave-dwelling rodents to its poisonous fangs. These snakes were deadly, their long, needle-thin fangs able to slide through the toughest of leather to deliver its fatal kiss to the unwary. 
The dark snake slithered closer, heading straight for Lacy’s foot. If she moved, it would strike. Don’t move, forget about the snake. Forget about it. If it bites you, Maerk will move, and he’ll get bitten too. Her thoughts were a maelstrom of fear and uncertainty. A trickle of blood oozed across her tongue; she’d bitten the inside of her cheek. Her heart pounded in her chest as nervous sweat trickled down her back; she was terrified. Lacy considered squirting some of the sour milk on it. Maybe it would scare the snake away. But the milk was for spiders, not snakes. Likely, it would just get her killed.
The snake came closer. It paused for a moment, within striking distance of her leg. Lacy held her breath. The GlowWorm went out, extinguishing its radiant body to hide; the luminous insect a favorite meal for the deadly viper. 
Darkness enveloped them, the inky blackness adding to Lacy’s fear. The pounding of her heart quickened as her pulse raced. Can the snake hear that? She wanted to still her heart, but . . .
Slithering forward, the ShadowSnake slid over her foot, its rough scales scraping across the cracked leather of her boots. A shiver crept across her body. It took every bit of control to keep her body still. The scaly body of the snake glided across her feet. Lacy felt a nearly overwhelming urge to kick it away but knew it would be a fatal mistake. Slowly, the dark creature moved over her foot and headed for Maerk. She wanted to turn and watch but knew any motion would cause the lethal viper to attack. Lacy slowly exhaled, then took another breath, listening to the snake. Its clicking and scraping grew softer and softer until . . .
“Lacy, it’s gone.”
She exhaled and took a breath again, the fresh air quenching the burning sensation in her lungs. Her body shuddered uncontrollably for a moment. It went right over my boot. If I had moved, we’d be dead. The shock of what just happened slammed into her. Lacy clenched her fists, trying to drive the shaking away. 
Maerk put another tiny DornBerry leaf into the glass enclosure—the last one almost gone. Instantly, the worm’s glow returned, painting the walls with a rich cerulean brush as it ate. “You okay?” 
Maerk was always looking out for me; it should be the other way around.
“Let’s keep going. I want to get a couple more GlowWorms before we head back.” Lacy flashed her brother a strained smile as she wiped the sweat from her brow. 
Continuing through the tunnel, Lacy looked for tiny pinpoints of blue light in the distance. Some of the passages showed thin veins of GlowStone. The sparkling minerals had become energized by the ColdHeat centuries ago and still gave off a faint, golden hue. This made it possible to see in the dark passages, though the GiantMiners had excavated most of the GlowStone long ago. The light-giving ability of the mineral made the GlowStone almost more valuable than gold, though little of it remained in the tunnels under StoneHold.
They passed multiple intersections with other tunnels, the GiantMiners having dug them in pursuit of iron and other minerals long ago. Like an underground maze, these tunnels had confused many a giant, causing them to lose their way and become lost, requiring rescue. But to Lacy and Maerk, this was home. They’d traveled through all of these passages, hunting for GlowStone, or worms, or CaveShrooms, or anything they could exchange for food and clothing.
A high-pitched whining drifted from one of the intersecting corridors followed by the sound of something hard, scraping against stone. Maerk glanced at his brother. 
Maerk glanced at Lacy. “CaveDog?” fear etched deep across his young face, his skin pale. 
Lacy nodded. She tried to speak, but her dry throat refused to obey; words wouldn’t come out. I knew we should have brought our warhammers. Why did I leave them behind? I’m such a fool, as usual. She glanced over her shoulder, expecting the long-haired beast to spring out of the darkness. 
It whined again, the shrill noise like that of a mouse, the sound meant to lure prey into its toothy maw.
“If it catches our scent, it’ll charge.” Maerk grabbed Lacy’s arm and shook it. “Hey . . . Lacy, snap out of it. We gotta move.”
The words barely registered. She just stared into the dark passage, waiting for the terrifying animal to pounce out of the shadows and tear into her with its long, razor-sharp claws. The suffocating weight of guilt over her parents, coupled with the responsibility for her brother, made it difficult for Lacy to breathe. Sweat trickled down from her forehead, the moisture getting ensnared by her long, red hair. Pulling the crimson strands out of her face, she turned to Maerk.
Just then, a series of scraping sounds echoed off the cold, stone walls; it was moving.
“Lacy, we have to run, now. Come on.” Maerk took off running, holding the GlowWorm up high to light the passage. 
Lacy glanced over her shoulder just as the creature whined again, but this time, a second voice added to the first; there were two of them. We should have brought our warhammers. I failed again. Turning, she ran, following her brother, the skins of water and sour milk sloshing back and forth. 
“We have to get out of these tunnels and back to the GreatCavern,” Lacy shouted. “They won’t follow us there. Maybe we should . . . maybe we should head straight back to StoneHold. What do you . . . what do you think, Maerk?” She stammered as fear and uncertainty ruled her mind.
“I think the CaveDogs are between StoneHold and us.” Maerk glanced over his shoulder. “We need a place to hide.”
CaveDogs were vicious creatures, with long claws and sharp teeth, all hard as steel. Mutated by the ColdHeat that lingered after the GreatFire, many believe CaveDogs to be part wolf, part giant lizard, and part who knows what. They’re dangerous creatures able to take down prey twice their size, though they aren’t much of a match against a giant’s warhammer.  Their eyesight is incredibly weak due to the lack of light, using their sense of smell to hunt, as do most creatures living in the dark tunnels and caves under StoneHold. 
Maerk took a passage to the left. He ducked under a stalactite, “Lacy, duck.”
Lacy stooped down as she turned the corner, a sliver of GlowStone in the ceiling, making the protrusion barely visible. The rocky pillar scraped the top of Lacy’s head as she sped by, but she didn’t slow. Driving her legs hard, she caught up to her brother; he was always faster than her, and right now, speed meant life.
The scraping sounds grew louder; they were getting closer. The whining from the CaveDogs now shifted to predatory growls, the deep-throated snarls resonating with excitement and hunger. Likely, the animals had caught the siblings’ scent.
“Run faster, Maerk . . . faster!” Panicked thoughts flashed through Lacy’s mind. What if I trip and fall? When the CaveDogs catch me, what should I do, use my knife? Every possible scenario flashed through her mind, accompanied by all the ways she could fail. 
Suddenly, Maerk skidded to a stop. “Oh no, it’s a dead end.” 
Lacy stopped next to her brother and stared at a pile of rubble blocking their escape. “Noooo,” she moaned, hope evaporating from her soul. 
Turning, Lacy stared into the dark tunnel, waiting for the monsters to come charging out, devouring them both; they were doomed.
CHAPTER 2

Lacy turned and stared at the blocked passage, a scream of frustration threatening to escape her throat. A pile of rocks, boulders, and rubble, likely from a cave-in years ago, filled the tunnel—the stones too large to be moved. Cracks zigzagged across the walls, each filled with a thin sliver of glowing rock, a surreal yellow light filling the blocked passage. Fat, white spiders crawled across the wall, weaving shiny webs in hopes of catching unwary insects buzzing through the air. A breeze flowed through the tumble of rocks clogging the passage, the bright webs fluttering about. 
“Careful, they’re SilkSpiders,” Lacy said. 
SilkSpiders were far more lethal than ShadowSnakes, their venom able to rob a large giant of life within minutes. The spiders, with their white, bulbous body and long, black spindly legs, were the real masters of the underground. All creatures feared them.
More growls percolated through the tunnel. Lacy could hear the creatures’ guttural breathing, moist puffs of exhaust from a vicious machine. She ground her teeth, trying to keep from biting her cheek again, terror nibbling at the edges of her mind, making it difficult to think. They were getting closer. 
“Maerk, what do we do? What do we do?” She glanced at her brother, guilt sitting heavily on her heart. I’m supposed to keep him safe, and I can’t even do that down here.
Fear etched its mark deep across Maerk’s face. He glanced around the cave, looking at everything around them. “There must be a solution here . . . just think.”
Lacy surveyed their surroundings. Deadly SilkSpiders clung to a vast, intertwined web hanging near the wall of boulders and stones. Sprouting out of cracks in the ground, large mushrooms, some as big as her fist, dotted the floor. She searched for their salvation but found nothing. Reaching to the TreeAgate stone hanging around her neck, Lacy squeezed it in her hand as hope ebbed from her soul.
“I remember Mom telling you something, Lacy, you know . . . before she . . .” He didn’t finish the statement.
“Is this really the time to reminisce?” Her heart pounded in her chest, going faster and faster as her breathing grew shallow. She was terrified.
Another growl resounded through the passage, the echoes following the sound, making it seem as if there were a whole pack of CaveDogs nearby.
“Ahh, okay, what did Mom say?” 
Maerk took a deep breath. “She said something to you like, ‘Life is a puzzle, just like all the contraptions you make.’”
“Contraptions? I don’t think they’re gonna help right now.” Lacy squeezed her eyes shut, hoping to make the whole situation just go away. 
“Lacy, just listen.” Maerk moved to her side. “I remember Mom said something like: ‘Look at the things and people around you; they’re your puzzle pieces. You can build anything with them; just open your mind to the possibility and have faith in yourself.’ I know she’d have faith in you right now, just as I do.” He lowered his voice to just a whisper. “You’re the smart one, the inventor. I have no doubt there are things in this cave that can help us. Just take a deep breath, have faith, and think . . . and do it, fast.”
She remembered that moment. Her mom had been commenting on her latest invention. Look at the things and people around you; they’re your puzzle pieces. And for a moment, fear evaporated as her mother’s voice filled Lacy’s mind. She released the green and white stone, letting it swing back and forth on her chest, then glanced around the tunnel, taking stock of everything: blocked passage, SilkSpiders, SilkWebs, mushrooms on the ground, what kind? She leaned closer, staying away from the spiders. 
“StinkShroom!” Lacy exclaimed.
A growl floated out of the tunnel, louder than before.
“Shhh, you have to stay quiet.” Maerk’s voice cracked with fear.
Just then, the puzzle pieces fell into place. 
“I think I know what to do. Hopefully, it will work.” Lacy grabbed Maerk and pulled him close. “Do exactly as I say, no matter what.” If I fail, my plan will likely cost us our lives.
She pulled the skin of sour milk off her shoulder and pulled the cork from the end, then moved next to the web. 
Angry growls punched through the tunnel; the CaveDogs had caught their sent and were closing in, fast. 
Squeezing the skin, she showered the spiders with the sour milk, then turned the stream onto the rock wall, the white drops clinging to the web and stone wall as if afraid to touch the ground. The spiders scurried to the many small pools and clinging beads of milk and instantly drank up the foul liquid, the sour fluid acting like alcohol for the deadly creatures. Every giant who explored the tunnels carried sour milk just for this reason. The spiders stopped scurrying about and just hung onto their webs or clung to the wall, swaying back and forth, content and slightly drunk. 
The scratching of claws on stone grew louder, the sound making Lacy’s teeth hurt. 
“Now, get right next to me and don’t move.” Lacy moved to the side of the web and stood as close as possible. Her brother moved to her side, their shoulders touching. He fidgeted about nervously.
“Don’t move,” She whispered. SilkSpiders were attracted to motion. They had to remain completely still. “If any of the spiders walk on you, don’t touch them. They only bite when they’re afraid.” 
Maerk nodded, but kept quiet, squeezing his eyes shut.
Lacy reached into her cloak and pulled out a contraption. It was made of thin pieces of metal that crisscrossed like a long series of X’s. Lacy pulled on two of the X’s, causing the entire construction to lengthen into a long, extended device, a pair of pinchers at the end. She called it her Grabber, one of her favorite inventions. Slowly moving her arm, Lacy extended the mechanism, stretching it to full length. Using its open jaws, she grabbed a gray and white-spotted mushroom growing on the ground, a StinkShroom. Putting her fingers through to rings at the end, she squeezed the device, the jaws closing on the mushroom, gripping it tight. Lacy pulled it from the ground and brought it to her free hand. 
“Hold your breath.” Lacy and her brother both took in a massive gulp of air. I hope this works. She crushed the StinkShroom, the putrid-smelling spores floating into the air. They both held their breath as long as they could, letting the gray mist float away, then finally took another breath. 
“Ohhh . . . that stinks.” Maerk started to move his hand to his mouth. 
Lacy wrinkled her nose as she breathed through her mouth. “Stay still,” she whispered.
He froze in place just as the monsters approached. 
Lacy wanted to close her eyes, but terror controlled her mind; she couldn’t move. 
The CaveDogs, each weighing two hundred pounds or more, stalked into the chamber, long, heavy tails sliding across the ground. Their claws clicked as they moved into the cave, hot breath coming from their snouts. Long tangles of black hair hung off their bodies and dragged on the stone floor, their short, stocky legs rippling with muscles. The creatures stood only two feet off the ground, but their bodies were wide and long. Raising their lizard-like heads, they both sniffed the air, searching for their prey. The smaller one winced when the StinkShroom spoors floated across its nose, but the larger took a step closer and sniffed. It opened its mouth and howled, pointed teeth glistening in the faint golden light. 
The largest one moved even closer, its long, gray claws gouging into the granite floor, the grating sound like a stone carver’s chisel. The monster took in the air’s scent again, then headed straight for Lacy and Maerk. A SilkSpider crawled across Lacy’s shoulder, the creature still groggy from the sour milk. It sensed the CaveDog and turned toward the beast. As its body swayed, the spider made a soft chittering sound, barely audible. The other spiders heard the noise and repeated it. It was their warning to the rest of the hive. Soon, dozens of spiders crawled out of cracks and holes, all of them chittering away at the intruder. 
The CaveDog took another step closer, then sniffed. Instantly, it scrunched its large, black nose, rubbing at it with a meaty paw. 
It had finally smelled the StinkShroom.
The CaveDog turned its head and pointing an ear toward the spiders. Instantly, it moved back, not wanting to tangle with the deadly creatures. Just then, a monstrous roar bellowed through the chamber, the walls and floor shaking as much as Lacy and her brother. It was a thunderous sound, a terrifying sound, the kind of sound you heard on your last day amongst the living.
“Baelath,” Maerk whispered. 
Lacy slowly nodded her head.
Baelaths were the king of the beasts in this underground world. Standing up to fifteen feet tall, these creatures boasted claws and teeth like pointed daggers, able to tear through wood, and sometimes stone, with ease. They were a living weapon with unbelievable strength and appetites; few giants had ever fought one and survived. Baelaths were the thing that frightened nightmares. 
The CaveDogs, knowing they were a favorite meal of the titanic beasts, turned and fled, their sharp claws scratching the stone floors as they disappeared into the darkness. 
“What do we do?” Maerk slowly turned his head toward Lacy.
“Don’t move,” Lacy whispered
A spider scurried across Maerk’s shoulder, then crawled down his arm and jumped to a boulder, disappearing through a gap between the stones.
The Baelath roared again, but this time softer. It was moving farther away, likely in pursuit of the CaveDogs. 
“I think we’re okay,” Lacy said as a spider crawled up her leg. She shuddered when the creature’s pointed legs poked through her clothes and into her skin. 
“But how do we get away from the spiders?” Maerk’s voice shook with fear. 
She didn’t think about escape when she led her brother near this nest of SilkSpiders. Frantically, Lacy moved her eyes left and right, hoping a solution would pop into view. How do we get out? Have I trapped us in the spiders’ web? I knew I’d mess this up somehow. The urge to just run was nearly overwhelming, but she knew the spiders might bite her and her brother if they tried that. 
Look at the things and people around you. Her mother’s warm voice brought a sense of calm to her, pushing the panic away. They’re your puzzle pieces. Her heartbeat slowed as she took a deep breath and assessed the situation in her mind. Unlit torches inside her cloak pressed against her side. She still had the grabber in her right hand. The StinkShroom lay at her feet; the smell was still terrible. In her left hand, she held the skin of—”
“I think I know what to do. If I don’t mess it up, we’ll get away from the spiders. But you’re not gonna like it.”
“What do you mean, Lacy?” 
“Just do as I say.”
Slowly, she turned the container of sour milk, pointing the opening upward. More spiders crawled out of the gaps in the wall, their pointed black legs scampering across her body. Squeezing the bag with her fingers, she drove the air out. A spider crawled onto her head, then leaped off and landed gracefully in the web hanging nearby. Lacy squeezed tighter until finally . . . sour milk shot into the air, spraying Lacy and Maerk with the foul-smelling liquid. Instantly, the spiders drank up the milk, then crawled off the two young giants and found a place to lay down on the stones blocking the passage. Some of the spiders on the web just fell to the ground and stood swaying back and forth. 
“Okay, step forward, real slow.” Lacy waited for Maerk to take a step, then she did the same, moving cautiously away from the web and spider nest. 
When they’d moved to a safe distance, they checked each other for any spiders still clinging to them. 
“Maerk, don’t move; there’s a spider on your back.” She pulled out her grabber and extended it. “Take out the canvas sack and hold it open . . . but do it slowly.” 
Her brother withdrew the bag from inside his cloak. Carefully, Lacy reached out and grabbed the drunken spider with her device, the deadly creature still under the influence of the milk. Carefully, she moved around her brother and dropped the animal into the sack. Maerk closed it quickly and tied the opening with a piece of twine. 
“Why did you capture one?” Maerk held the bag at arm’s length, afraid of the contents. 
“A SilkSpider’s blood may be just as poisonous as its venom, but its blood is the main ingredient for pain-relieving potions.” Lacy smiled. “A living spider will bring a good price with the GiantHealers. By selling the spider, the GlowStone shards we found and the GlowWorm, hopefully, you, me, and Dad will eat well tonight, for a change.”
Maerk nodded. “Maybe things are finally going our way.”
I doubt that. Something always happens to mess things up. But Lacy smiled at her brother anyway. She moved to where the CaveDogs had stood and knelt, running her fingers over the deep grooves carved into granite by the monsters’ claws. 
Maerk crouched and rubbed his fingers across the claw-marks as well, then glanced at his sister, a sadness in his eyes. “Lacy, do you ever think we’ll find that thing?”
“What thing? What are you talking about?”
Maerk stood, a solemn expression on his young face. “We will ever find the special thing that’ll help our family and get us out of poverty . . . so we won’t starve.”
Lacy wanted to tell him the truth, tell him that they’ll be lucky to live through another winter, but she couldn’t. Instead, she violated the SapphireStone in The Way and did the thing no giant should ever do . . . she lied.
“Of course, we will, Maerk.” Lacy turned away, unable to look him in the eye. “I’m sure our salvation is just around the corner.”
“Good!” He patted his sister on the shoulder, then stood. “Come on, let’s go.”
Lacy nodded and retraced their steps back to the GreatCavern and home.
 
CHAPTER 3

Memoirs from ScavengerGeneral Schrödinger
Year 34 PGF

I was the first to emerge from the rubble, leaving the underground shelter after decades of eating dried food and rats. I knew if I stayed underground, I would die like everyone else around me.
As I emerged from the shelter, I saw what the thinking machines had done to our great city. It was as if a meteor of fire had fallen upon the metropolis; everything was charred—most of the buildings completely collapsed. 
Walking through the smoldering ruins, I came upon many devices, the most useful being a storehouse of miniature blood filters that surgeons, before the GreatFire, implanted into people with failing livers; this I needed. Returning to the shelter, I had our doctor mount the biofilter to my chest, then go in and redirect my blood supply so it would pass through the filter before continuing to my failing liver. Instantly, the tiny device improved my wellbeing; I felt healthy for the first time in years. 
I realized this was how we would survive in the ruins of the great cities, by scavenging for any piece of technology that would help counteract the damaging effects of radiation. Perhaps we can rebuild the city and revive the machines that made everything work; what harm could that cause? 
When we are strong enough, we’ll leave this wasteland and find safer places to live, bringing our technology with us. I’m sure the other survivors out there will help. After all, what is there to fear from us?

Brakkus WarBreather gripped his warhammer tight in his large hands, the weapon ready to crush another TunnelWraith or any other creature foolish enough to cross his path. He glanced sidelong at his companions. The two scavengers walked next to him, the metal braces on their legs and arms squeaking with every movement. It drove him crazy. These idiots had no idea how to move with stealth.
Why can’t they oil those things? the giant thought. If their noisy joints or blinking tech get us noticed, I’ll just let them meet the business end of my warhammer and leave them behind. I can steal it without them, if necessary.
He stared down at them, disgusted by the unhealed sores dotting their bodies. Red, cracked skin encircled many of the pieces of technology grafted into their bodies, the tech helping keep them alive. Brakkus reached up and scratched at the irritated skin surrounding the implant in his chest, the tiny pump helping him to breathe. It was a gift from the ColdHeat, the price of living as an exile in the WasteLands with the scavengers. He hated them; he hated all scavengers. The urge to kill them both was strong, but Brakkus knew he still needed these two so he could get his plan into action . . . and get paid, of course. 
The passage before him opened into a large cavern, with long stalactites hanging from the ceiling like pointed teeth piercing the stony ceiling. Under each sat a stalagmite, the conical structure growing out of the ground as drops of mineral water fell from its companion overhead. At places in the cavern, stalactite had met stalagmite, the two forming a rocky column—the structure looking as if it were holding up the granite roof.
Clinging to the impossibly high ceiling were clumps of GlowStone, the precious mineral forever out of reach from even the most daring of GiantMiners; giants hated heights. The GlowStone filled the cavern with a soft golden hue, making their path easy to see.
Brakkus stretched his back and finally stood tall; the stooping had been getting old. His height, approximately ten feet, dwarfed his companions, the two scavengers, Karl deGraff, and Micca Faraday. His size forced him to stoop or crawl at places, the secret tunnels not quite tall enough for a giant of his stature. 
Brakkus glared at his puny companions. They were barely as tall as an adolescent giant, not even coming up to his shoulder, though they were fully grown.
Micca stopped walking and fell to her knees, gasping for air. She set a large canvas sack on the ground, her breathing strained and wheezing. Reaching to her neck, she adjusted a knob on a small metallic box grafted to her neck, the skin around it slightly infected, as usual. The indicator light on the side of the tech flickered red but eventually turned green. Micca released the knob and took a full breath, smiling.
“You need to get that repaired.” Karl scowled at her.
“If we had any money, I would.” She glared. “That’s the whole point of stealing the Stone, right?”
“Right.” Karl moved his canvas sack from his left shoulder to his right. Reached up, he pulled his fingers through the few scraps of hair still clinging in desperation to his discolored scalp, the many sores and blisters across his head, giving him a ghoulish appearance. That what how most scavengers looked; the ColdHeat permeating the WasteLands demanded its price, and scavengers paid it with flesh. The scavenger glanced at Brakkus. “You sure you know where you’re going. All these tunnels look the same to me.”
The giant chuckled. “I know every tunnel and secret entrance into the GreatCavern where StoneHold sits. When all the other kids were playing games and trying to prove who was stronger, I was exploring the tunnels and memorizing where they went.” He stared down at the scavenger, his head barely up to the Giant’s chest, and gave him a grin. “If you don’t like these tunnels, we could climb the Giant’s Causeway and go in the front entrance.”
“Giant’s Causeway, that’s those funny steps leading into the Cavern?” Micca asked.
Brakkus nodded. “Every giant village has a Giant’s Causeway.” He glanced at Karl. “You could go that way, but the guards, the GiantLegion, would see you. I’m sure they’d love to use their warhammers on such a small scavenger like yourself.”
Karl deGraff frowned up at the giant. “Just lead on. Let’s get this done. Being this close to a village of giants makes me nervous.”
“As it should.” Brakkus flung his warhammer over his shoulder and dropped the large metal head into the HammerSling on his back, and the IronWood handle sticking up into the air. He stepped into the cavern, heading for a distant tunnel on the other side, his companions staying close.
“Why can’t you just use the main entrance?” Micca asked. “You’re a giant, after all.”
“Because they exiled me from StoneHold.” Brakkus lowered his voice. “If they catch me, I’ll be executed.”
“Why did they kick you out?” Micca’s voice was soft, her compassion for the giant filling her words.
Brakkus walked around a huge stalagmite, the mineralized pillar nearly his height. “It was maybe twenty years ago during the LongNight. A huge pack of ShadowBeasts attacked StoneHold and tried to get into the GreatCavern.”
“ShadowBeasts, those are the creatures with black fur, and vicious claws and teeth?” Micca asked.
Brakkus nodded. “They’re incredibly strong, but one-on-one, they aren’t difficult to defeat. But when you have only six GiantLegionnaires guarding the entrance and a dozen ShadowBeasts charging at them . . . they didn’t stand a chance.”
A beeping sound came from a device mounted to Karl’s shoulder. He adjusted a slider on it until it grew silent.
The giant scowled at him. “Keep those things quiet.”
The scavenger just shrugged.
“Brakkus, Karl is sorry about the noise.” Micca glared at her companion. “He’ll make sure he keeps his tech quiet, so it won’t get us caught, right, Karl?”
“Yeah, sure, whatever.”
“Sounds convincing.” The giant scowled at the scavenger but continued his story. “Anyway, I was near the entrance when the attack happened. When I arrived, most of the guards were injured. Another giant named Rall HammerChief, the commander of the guards was still on his feet. I jumped into the fight, killing many of the ShadowBeasts, but it was clear the battle was hopeless. I told Rall to let the beasts have the wounded. After feeding, they’d go away; but noooo, he refused and kept fighting.”
Micca moved next to Brakkus. “What did you do?”
“I read something when I was a child. It was written by one of the Ancients before the GreatFire and the LongNight. The Ancient wrote ‘He who fights and runs away, may still fight another day; but he who is slain, will never rise to fight again.’ I decided to leave that hopeless battle so that I could keep fighting for my clan in the future.”
“So, you left the other giant?” Karl smiled. “Excellent.”
“You just left him there, alone?” Micca’s eyes grew wide with shock as she shook her head, her long, stringy black hair swaying back and forth. “Did he die with the other wounded soldiers?”
Brakkus ducked under a column of stone hanging from the ceiling overhead, drops of milky-white mineral water falling from its tip. The drop of water landed on a small metallic device mounted into the giant’s shoulder. He quickly wiped the moisture away, keeping the tech clean. He glared at the machine as he walked, hatred boring into its dull, gray surface. The ColdHeat didn’t care if one was giant or scavenger; its radioactive kiss touched all with impunity. Brakkus WarBreather hated the WasteLands and what it did to him, but it was the only place a Forgotten could live.
“I wish he died,” the giant continued. “If he had, I wouldn’t have been exiled. But the fact of it was he lived, though he took a serious wound to the shoulder. Rall fought off all those ShadowBeasts and saved the wounded giants. He was a hero, and he marked me as a coward.”
“Well, that giant wasn’t entirely wrong, was he?” Karl smiled, his crooked and discolored teeth like a scattering of irregular yellow stones in his mouth.
Brakkus quickly grabbed the handle of his warhammer and pulled it over his shoulder, the weapon appearing in his hands almost instantly. Before the scavenger could draw his sword, Brakkus shoved the huge metal head of his hammer into Karl’s chest, pushing him backward until the giant pinned the scavenger to the wall of the cavern.
“What did you say, scavenger?” The giant’s deep voice was like the growl of a terrifying beast. He pressed on the hammer, driving the air from the scavenger’s chest.
“Ahh . . .” Karl couldn’t find any words.
“Brakkus, leave him alone.” Micca stepped forward and stared up at the giant, her hand resting on the hilt of a dagger. “We need him to get back to Neyyok. Karl knows the way through the WasteLands that will avoid most of the monsters lurking in the shadows.” She dropped the sack she held over her shoulder and put her fists on her hips. “So, stop this, right now!”
For an outsider, it would have looked comical—this waif of a scavenger staring up at a towering giant. But Micca refused to back down.
Brakkus glanced down at Micca, then nodded and stepped back, returning his warhammer to the sling on his back. He gave Karl an angry glare, then turned and continued walking through the cavern, heading for a dark tunnel just ahead.
“I did what I thought was best for my clan, the SnowFlake Obsidian GiantClan. And for that, I was exiled and named as a Forgotten.” Brakkus’ feet stomped the rocky ground, his anger punishing the floor of the cavern.
“What does that mean, being a Forgotten?” Micca moved to the giant’s side and put a calming hand on his arm.
“They use that term to imply I have forgotten the names of my Fathers and have forgotten what it means to be a giant.” Brakkus clenched his jaw, the muscles in his neck tightening as he thought about his nemesis, Rall HammerChief. “Those giants are all fools. I know how to be a giant, and I also know how to get revenge.”
“So, we’re stealing this TruthStone thing so you can get your revenge?” Karl walked four steps behind the giant, staying out of reach. “I still don’t understand why the TruthStone is so important. Is it a powerful weapon?”
“No, it’s not a weapon. It’s a source of knowledge.” Brakkus glanced at Karl and motioned him to come closer. “Giants sit before the Stone and seek answers to their questions. The TruthStone allows them to communicate with their Fathers.”
“Their Fathers?” Micca asked.
“Yeah, you know, their ancestors.” Brakkus stepped around a stagnant pool of water, ripples on top telling him creatures of some kind lurked beneath the surface. “Our Fathers speak to us in our minds, telling us what to do.”
“How will that help the ScavengerNation?” Karl’s aggravated voice echoed off the walls of the cavern. “We don’t need to hear what the ancient giants have to say.”
“Of course not, you fool.” Brakkus glared at the idiotic scavenger. “Isn’t there some famous scavengers in your history?”
“Well . . . sure, there’s General Schrödinger.” Karl nodded. “He was the first scavenger to rise from the rubble centuries ago twenty years or so after the GreatFire. Schrödinger showed everyone how to look for tech in the ruins of the great cities. He taught us how to modify our bodies with that tech so we could survive in the WasteLands without dying from the ColdHeat.”
“You see, if you had the TruthStone, you’d be able to communicate to Schrödinger. You’d have access to his wisdom as well as the wisdom of many other scavengers. Maybe your Fathers can give the scavenger leaders a strategy to overcome the giants, humans, and dryads. Maybe they could show you lost technology that would make the ScavengerNation strong and powerful, so we could finally move out of the WasteLands and live on the fertile parts of Phoenix.”
“That does sound nice.” Karl wiped his brow with a dirty sleeve, then adjusted a small device attached to his stomach.
“But how does the Stone work?” Micca asked.
“No one knows for sure; it just does. I’ve known many who have used it. I’ve even used it myself before the GiantCouncil exiled me from StoneHold.” Brakkus reached up and stroked his long, black beard, the braids of hair swaying back and forth, causing the SnowFlake Obsidian stones at the ends to clink together. “I heard my ancestors telling me what to do after I was charged with cowardice.”
“What did they say?” Karl shifted the large canvas sack from one shoulder to the other. “Are you sure these things are necessary?” The scavenger held the canvas sack up to Brakkus, annoyed.
The giant nodded. “My Fathers gave me one word of advice, and it’s taken me twenty years until I could follow their instruction, and now I’m doing it.”
“What was the word?” Micca’s voice rose with anticipation.
“Revenge.” Brakkus smiled. “The TruthStone is the most cherished heirloom of StoneHold. Many giants feel as if the Stone is part of their soul. They’ll be crushed and wallow in despair when they learn of its theft.” He chuckled. “It will be the greatest revenge, and the knowledge from the Stone will help the ScavengerNation finally escape the WasteLands and avoid being driven back by the ThreeRaces. It’s time we took what we deserve, which is everything.”
“I like it!” Karl patted the giant on the back. “Revenge is an honorable reason for being here. Scavengers have a saying: ‘If someone attacks you, attack them back a hundred times harder.’ That’s what you’re doing to the giants of StoneHold.”
“Karl’s right.” Micca stepped around a small pile of stone, then stared up at Brakkus. “Scavengers never let someone get the better of them. You’ve learned a lot after living with us for the last twenty years.” She gave the huge giant a smile, her discolored and decaying teeth like a collection of small chipped and cracked pebbles.
“Perhaps.” He pulled his warhammer from its pouch and gripped the IronWood handle tight. “StoneHold will learn they exiled the wrong giant. They should have kicked out that foolish Rall HammerChief for senselessly endangering himself when he could have just walked away.” He chuckled an evil laugh as he stepped over a pile of rubble, the scavengers having to go around. “I only wish that pathetic giant, Rall, could be here to see my victory. But I’m sure that old fool died many years ago. Killing that giant with my warhammer would have made my revenge complete.”
“Exactly.” Karl nodded.
“Just don’t let your need for revenge cloud your judgment.” Micca stopped walking for a moment, set her sack on the ground, and stretched out her fingers. Grabbing the canvas with her other hand, she tossed the bag over her shoulder and continued. “Revenge is good but bringing this TruthStone back to Neyyok and getting paid so we can upgrade our tech . . . that’s much more important. Keep your eye on the prize, Brakkus. Don’t let us down.”
“Don’t you worry about me, little one. I know what I’m doing.” Holding his warhammer in his hands, the giant moved into the dark tunnel piercing the cavern wall. Lichen clinging to the walls, gave off a subtle green glow, providing just enough light for them to see. “This passage will take us into StoneHold. I’m sure they’ll be celebrating the anniversary of the ending of the LongNight. This’ll be easy.” Brakkus glanced at the two scavengers. “Get your disguises ready. You’ll want to put them on as soon as we enter the GreatCavern. We wouldn’t want anyone recognizing that you’re scavengers; that might make things inconvenient for you two.” He smiled. “I hope my ancestors are watching from the GreatBeyond. They’ll see the kind of giant I really am, one who hits back.”

CHAPTER 4

Lacy and Maerk stepped out of the HealingCenter, their canvas sacks now empty. The giants of the BlueGreen Onyx GiantClan happily took the live SilkSpider, something they rarely saw. Those coins mixed with the sale of the GlowWorm and some of the GlowStone shards made a pleasant jingling sound in Lacy’s pocket. It was a rare thing for them to have that much money. 
Moving along the wall of the GreatCavern, Lacy led her brother past enormous estates, marveling at their incredible design. Astonishingly large sheets of marble formed the sides of the mansions, with windows and doors carved into the stone. Multiple levels reached up into the air, the walls decorated with elaborate carvings and embedded gemstones; the rich giants of StoneHold felt it necessary to display their wealth. It was an ego thing that Lacy never fully understood.
Gigantic, ornately carved columns of stone stood like silent sentinels throughout the cavern, their bulk stretching from the cave floor up to the rocky ceiling sixty feet overhead. The Ancients who fled the GreatFire and found refuge in the GreatCavern, somehow, carved those columns out from the flesh of the mountain as they enlarged the cave, making it able to house their growing population. 
All across the floor of the GreatCavern stood houses of all sizes and shapes, each made from slabs of stone, the more ornate the home, the higher the homeowner’s status in GiantSociety. Light from GlowStone or flickering torches spilled from windows and open doors, painting the cavern with a warm radiance. Houses near the opening to the cavern were small and placed close together. In contrast, the homes near the back of the cavern boasted large columns of marble, with sheets of obsidian and polished slate decorating the exterior. These palatial estates housed the rich and powerful, the size and complexity of their homes signifying their position in the society of StoneHold. 
“I wish we lived over there.” Maerk pointed at the multi-storied homes, glittering rubies and emeralds adorning the structures. 
“Yeah, me too.” Lacy nodded. “But I’d be happy with a house just inside the entrance.” She gestured to the tightly packed homes near the opening to the GreatCavern. She sighed. “Come on, let’s get home and change our clothes. We both stink.”
“Well, maybe you do, but me—”
Lacy cast her brother a smile. “Trust me . . . you smell like StinkShrooms and sour milk, and it’s not pleasant.” Her smile turned to a scowl. “We go home and change.”
Maerk sighed and rolled his eyes. “Okay.”
Lacy led the way through StoneHold, following streets and alleyways that wove between the many structures. Giants who saw them approaching instantly judged them as poor by the appearance of their clothing, then seemed to look right through them. It was a thing the inhabitants did, ignoring the poor as if they were invisible. Maybe they didn’t want to be asked for money, or perhaps it was just part of their shame for letting other giants live in terrible conditions, barely surviving. Regardless of the reason, Lacy and Maerk were accustomed to being treated as if they didn’t exist, for that’s how it was to be poor in StoneHold. 
“Why are you going this way?” Maerk glanced around, taking in the surroundings. “We could have taken the street next to the training grounds. It would have been faster.”
Lacy gave him a mischievous grin. “You know why.”
“But . . . let’s just head home and—”
“Here we are.” Lacy dropped the empty canvas sacks and carefully put her purse of coins on the ground. They jingled a bit; it was a beautiful sound. 
Before her sat a large pool of water, a stream of warm, steaming water leaking from a crack in the Cavern wall. It flowed through a narrow channel across the ground until it dribbled into the wide pond. The water was perfectly transparent, allowing Lacy to look stare down into the depths, the bottom completely out of sight. No one was quite sure how deep it went, but it was deep enough for the giants of StoneHold. 
“Bathing pool,” Lacy said as she grinned at her brother.  “You smell of StinkShrooms and sour milk.” 
“Well, whose fault is that?”
Lacy shrugged. “Drop your stuff but keep your clothes on. Everything needs cleaning. 
Maerk sighed, then emptied the pockets of his cloak. After removing his boots, he stood next to the pool, staring down into the dark waters. “I hate taking a bath.”
“I know you do.”
“And you take pleasure in my misery.”
She smiled. “I know I do. But I’d like you to consider one thing.”
“What is—”
Lacy shoved her brother into the pool, the boy landing on his back then quickly sinking. With a laugh, Lacy jumped in as well. When she surfaced, she found her brother floating nearby, a scowl on his face. 
“You did that on purpose.” He splashed water in her face.
She nodded. “At least we have the pool to ourselves.”
“Yeah, that’s because everyone else is at the celebration, where we should be.” Maerk dunked his head back, getting his hair wet, then pulled up and ran his fingers through his short brown locks. “We finally have some money, but my stomach is still empty. I wanted to eat, but here I am in the bathing pool instead. I bet Dad’s hungry, too. Let’s go.”
“If we went to the LongNight celebration smelling like something that just crawled out from under a rock, the GiantLegion would lock us up for the night. Is that what you want?”
“Well . . . I guess not.”
“Good, now rub your clothes some more so we can get them clean, then we’ll go check on Dad and get changed.” Lacy rubbed her arms and legs, a cloud of brown filth floating to the surface and carried away by the current. She swam to the edge of the pool and climbed out. “Here.” Lacy extended a hand to her brother while she wrung her long red hair with the other. 
Maerk reached up and grabbed his sister’s hand, then yanked hard, pulling her back into the pool. Swimming to the side, he climbed out and stood near the edge, laughing. 
“I supposed I deserved that.” Lacy laughed as she climbed out of the pool, Maerk staying out of arms’ reach. “Pick up your stuff, and let’s go home.” 
They gathered their belongings and stuffed them into dripping pockets, then headed for the GreatCavern’s entrance. Few giants were about as most were already at the celebrations. As they walked, the deep, booming voice of StoneHold’s leader, the FirstColossus, Gregg StoneCleaver, echoed off the stone walls. 
“The GreatFire started by the terrible ThinkingMachines consumed the world, burning away the accomplishments of the Ancients. Their cities turned to rubble as the great clouds of ash and soot circled the world, causing the LongNight. The radioactive ColdHeat blanketed the surface, driving our ancestors underground, but we were not destroyed.” Loud, raucous voices cheered. “We did not just cower in the caves and tunnels, waiting to die. No, we dug, and we built, creating underground cities all across the planet. By hammer and stone, we fought against the creeping fingers of the ColdHeat and refused to succumb to that lingering death, for we are GIANTS!” 
More cheers exploded, this time louder. Once the crowd quieted, the FirstColossus continued, his voice getting quieter as the brother and sister continued walking in the opposite direction. 
“The JadeStone in The Way says: ‘A giant who fears the enemy in battle does not remember the names of their Fathers.’ Our enemy was extinction, and we refused to yield, for the giants of StoneHold all remember the names of their Fathers!” Shouts of jubilation erupted from the listeners, drowning out the speaker.
“We’re missing it,” Maerk complained. “Let’s hurry.” He started to run, Lacy struggling to keep up. 
“You don’t care about the speeches, do you?”
“I don’t know.” Maerk leaped over a boulder, landing gracefully on the other side, his wet clothes leaving a trail of waterdrops. “We’re almost at the entrance, hurry up.”
Lacy nodded and smiled. He’s so excited about the LongNight celebration. Maybe I’m finally doing something right. The coins in her pocket jingled as she ran, reminding her of their victory today. Her smile grew even bigger.
They reached the wide entrance to the GreatCavern, a dozen GiantLegion warriors on guard. Each held a massive warhammer, their clan’s stone embedded in the side. Lacy cast them a smile as they streaked by, then headed down the large hexagonal steps leading to the ground. These were the Giant’s Causeway, each six-sided step a column of stone carved and placed by hand like pieces of an elaborate puzzle. Beneath the enormous staircase, large openings housed multiple families in tiny chambers, with narrow ledges running along the outside of the Causeway, leading to each. This was where Lacy, Maerk, and their father, Tomas, lived. 
Maerk ran past his sister, then stopped halfway down the steps. He climbed over the side of the Causeway, landing on a narrow ledge. Moving along the side, the brother and sister slowly followed the narrow walkway, each holding onto a rope strung to keep them from falling. Maerk wavered a bit, the height making him dizzy as it did most giants, but Lacy had no problem; heights were easy for her. 
They reached a carved-out section that looked like a mini-cave dug into the side of the Causeway. Dilapidated doors lined the walls, each leading to a different home.  Maerk moved to theirs, the door made of IronWood branches and slats of cracked wood. The barrier did little to keep out the cold, but the makeshift door did keep out the creatures of the night.
Flinging it open, Maerk stepped in and went to his room, a ragged sheet separating it from the rest of their pathetic home. Lacy headed for her dad’s bedroom. She knocked on a cracked, wooden frame, fabric hanging from the top. 
“Dad, how are you doing?” She pulled the fabric aside and walked in. 
Her father lay on a cot with rough cotton blankets tucked around his frail body. Thomas’s bony fingers clutched at the coverings, holding them up to his chin, his entire body shaking. 
“You need, um, another blanket?” Lacy’s voice cracked with emotion. Every time she saw him like this, the guilt over what she’d done came crashing down upon her like a suffocating wave. Lacy wanted to weep as she pulled another blanket from a shelf and laid it over her father but choked back her emotions; there would be time for crying later.
Why didn’t I just leave when I’d been sick. Lacy’s heart felt as if it were being crushed, the sadness over her failure and her father’s condition like a merciless vice, slowly squeezing her soul. 
After spreading the cloth over Thomas, Lacy grabbed a cup of water and brought it to him. He drained the cup and handed it back to her, flashing a smile as he warmed, his quivering body growing still. 
“You’re back,” Thomas said, his voice weak. “How did your search go?” 
Lacy held her coin purse up and shook it. The jingling coins brought a smile to her father’s face.
“You did well.” Tomas tried to sit up but was too weak. 
Lacy removed her dripping cloak and tossed it to the ground, then moved to her dad’s side. Sitting him up, she stuffed a handful of pillows behind his back, then handed him the coins. 
“We found some pieces of GlowStone and a big fat GlowWorm.”
Thomas looked into the purse, then back to his daughter. “You were paid this much for a Worm and some Stone?”
“Well.” A huge smile spread across Lacy’s face. “We also caught a live SilkSpider.”
“What?!”
“I know what your gonna say, but we were careful and . . .” she swallowed nervously, feeling bad about the lie, “we were never in any danger.”
Thomas reached up and pulled his daughter to him, then kissed her on the forehead. “You’re all wet.”
“We jumped into the bathing pool. You know, the dust from the tunnels.” She stepped back and looked away. “Maerk wanted to go to the LongNight Celebration, so I figured we needed to be clean.”
Tomas nodded, then opened the purse and pulled out a few coins. He tossed them to his daughter. “Take your brother to the celebration and have fun. You two need it.” He then threw her one more. “Can you pay Lizabeth FireStalker next to us? We owe her money for taking care of me, and maybe she can bring me something nice to eat.”  
“I’ll take care of it, Dad.” 
“I know. You always do.” He gave her a sorrowful look. “I’m sorry you have to be the one to take care of your brother and me. I never wanted this for you. Maybe it would have been better if I had . . . you know.”
“Don’t ever say that.” Lacy put her fists on her hips and glared at her father. “You’re gonna get better, I promise.  One of these times, I’m gonna come back from the tunnels with something special, and it’ll get us out of this place and back into the GreatCavern.” Another lie. “You’ll get everything you need from the GiantHealers, and soon you’ll be wielding your warhammer with the GiantLegion again.” 
Tomas shook his head. “Of course, dear, you’re right as always.” He pulled the blankets up across his body. “I think I’ll take a little nap. Take Maerk and enjoy yourself at the celebration.” 
Lacy removed the pillows from behind him and adjusted the bed so he could lay down again, adjusting the thick coverings so he’d stay warm, which was a challenge when outside of the GreatCavern. Satisfied he’d be okay, Lacy moved to her tiny room and put on her other set of clothes, hanging the wet ones up so they’d dry. 
“Come on, Lacy. Let’s go.” Maerk sifted anxiously from one foot to the other outside of her room.
“Don’t forget your warhammer.”
“Do we have to?” His voice became whiney and thin. 
“Of course, we do, you’re a giant of the TreeAgate clan. We always wear our stones and carry our warhammers. That’s the way of our clan.” 
He rolled his eyes, then retrieved his warhammer, the metallic head rusted and cracked. Lifting a pendant from a small table, Maerk lowered the thick leather cord over his head, the green and white stone at the end settling against his chest.
Lacy picked up her weapon and stared down at the handle; it was little more than a thick branch, its bark cut away. They couldn’t afford expensive IronWood, carved and smoothed to give a better grip. Instead, their hammers used simple oak, something that could easily break in combat. Fortunately, their adolescent warhammers never saw combat and likely never would. She reached to the TreeAgate pendant around her neck, the smooth stone giving her the smallest bit of confidence.
With his warhammer over his shoulder, Maerk ran from their home and charged back up the Giant’s Causeway. Lacy paused to give some coins to their neighbor, then followed Maerk, the twelve-year-old girl four steps behind her younger brother. When they reached the entrance, the kids stopped and faced a GiantLegion squadron commander. Bowing, Lacy and Maerk pounded a clenched fist to their chests, showing the guard respect, then headed back into StoneHold for their first full meal in months. Little did they know; it could possibly be their last. 

CHAPTER 5

“Lace, why do we need our warhammers? No one thinks we’re warriors.” Maerk glanced at her sister as he walked. 
“If we didn’t have them, you know what the other giants would say.”
“A giant without a warhammer isn’t a giant,” Maerk said in a mocking, high-pitched voice.
“That’s right.” She lowered her voice. “We should have had them in the caves. Fighting a CaveDog with a warhammer is preferable to fighting one with sour milk.” Lacy banged the handle of her weapon on the ground as she walked, adding an exclamation point to her statement. “We were lucky and careless. That’s not gonna happen again.”
 “I guess you’re right.” Maerk rolled his eyes, then moved to her side, the brother and sister walking in lockstep. 
Lacy adjusted her cloak. Sadly, this one was her good one, with huge patches sewn here and there, the many unmended rips and tears being frayed reminders of the tight places they’d explored deep under StoneHold. Lacy wanted to get the clothes repaired, but food was more important than bits of cloth or needle and thread.
A loud cheer erupted from the mass of giants standing before the GreatHall, the FirstColossus finishing his remarks and stepping down from the podium. Music from a group of Dryad performers floated across StoneHold, the tall and slender tree-people on a platform high in the air.
“Look at the Dryads.” Maerk pointed to the wooden structure attached to one of the massive pillars of stone stretching up to the ceiling. A group of lean musicians, Dryads wearing their typical hunter-green slacks and brown tunics, played various instruments. Their long brown hair and soft features made the musicians indistinguishable from each other, which wasn’t unusual. Dryads all tried to look the same, for some reason. “I can’t believe they’re able to stay up there; I’d be terrified.”
Lacy nodded. Giants were terrified of heights. They liked the feel of stone under their feet. Many in the crowd likely felt dizzy when they stared up at the lithe performers. Lacy, however, had no problem. She’d climbed many a cliff or column of stone to harvest GlowStone other giants thought to be out of reach. 
“Come on, Lace. I’m hungry.” Maerk cast his sister a grin, then heaved his warhammer over his shoulder and took off running.
Lacy smiled, then hefted her weapon over her shoulder, the rough oak handle scratching her neck a little. She wished they could each afford a HammerSling, so they wouldn’t have to carry their weapons all the time, but again, food was more important than a leather sling on their backs.
The siblings ran through StoneHold, weaving around the smaller homes near the entrance, the palatial estates looming high in the air at the back of the Cavern. Chunks of GlowStone atop tall poles painted the cavern with a shimmering gold brush, the flickering of torches adding to the illumination. In the darker places, an iridescent green hue filled in the shadows, the hearty lichen clinging to the stones glowing with an emerald glow.
Lacy dashed through the crowd, struggling to keep up with her brother. The smell of delicious meat and yeasty bread drifted to her nose as they approached the marketplace, making her mouth water. Maerk glanced over his shoulder and smiled; he smelled it, too. 
Suddenly, Maerk skidded to a stop, then approached a tall giant cooking skewers of meat over glowing coals. Serpentine coils of smoke rose from the brazier like ethereal snakes, each carrying the irresistible aroma as they climbed into the air. He flashed another grin at his sister; it made her laugh. 
I love seeing Maerk being so happy. Why can’t I keep him like this all the time? She knew this was temporary. Eventually, their money would run out, and they’d be searching the tunnels again.
“What kind of meat is it?” Maerk pointed at a skewer heavy with chunks of meat and vegetables.
“GrassEater,” the giant replied. “We caught them in the morning, so they’re fresh.”
“I can almost hear them moo.” Maerk laughed, then glanced at his sister.
Lacy held up two fingers.
The giant nodded, the brown stones woven into his thick, braided beard clinking together, flashes of green and blue crisscrossing their surface. He was a member of the Koroit GiantClan, the group of giants famous for being master chefs and bakers—likely the reason for the incredible smell. 
Handing over the coins, the kids each took a skewer and gobbled them down, their hunger overwhelming. 
“That was fantastic.” Maerk wiped his mouth with his sleeve. “Can I get another?”
Lacy opened her coin purse and sighed. She looked back to her brother, his smile growing. She grabbed a coin and tossed it to the Koroit Giant. “One more, please.”
The giant snatched the coin from the air, his thick hand, stained with sauce and grease, moving at lightning speed. The Koroit reached to the barbeque and lifted the heaviest skewer from the glowing coals. He smiled as he handed it to the boy.
Maerk pulled a cube of meat from the skewer and chewed, grease dribbling down his chin. “These are . . . the . . . best,” he said as he chewed.
The Koroit Giant smiled. 
“Lace, you want some?” Maerk asked.
Lacy shook her head. “No, you go ahead and eat it all.” Her stomach grumbled.
Maerk gobbled it down in a flash, adding more grease to his face. Suddenly, he turned around and stared, mouth agape. “You smell that?”
Lacy glanced to where her brother was looking. A tall woman stood behind a large wooden table, various cakes and pastries spread across the surface. The baker tucked her long blond braids under the back of her blouse, more brown stones with glimmers of green and blue clinking together. Lacy reached up and ran her fingers through her red tangles. She wished she had braids, but they were a sign of adulthood, and she was too young. Besides, parents in good standing with their clan decided when a girl was worthy of braids; Tomas was in no condition to make that decision. Likely, she’d never get any. 
“She has SweetCakes, Lace.”  Maerk jumped up and down, almost dropping his warhammer. “You still have coins left, right? Can we get one?” 
Lacy opened the coin purse again and stared down into it. The sight was depressing.
“Can we?”
He’s so excited. How can I say no? “Sure, but we can’t spend all the coins tonight.” Lacy set the head of her warhammer on the ground, then put a hand on her brother’s shoulder. “We still need to eat tomorrow and the next day.” 
“Then we’ll go catch some more spiders.” Maerk’s voice rose in pitch, edging into a whine. 
“SilkSpiders are deadly.” She clenched her hand into a fist and put it on her hip. “Collecting the spiders’ webs is a lot safer, as are the GlowWorms and CaveShrooms. We can do that tomorrow and add to our funds.”
“But we don’t get a lot of money for webs or shrooms.” Now he was in full whine-mode.
Finally, she relented and gave him a nod. “Let’s split a SweetCake.” Lacy smiled at her brother. 
“Okay, let’s go.” 
The two siblings picked up their warhammers and ran to the pastry vendor. Pastries filled with berries and creams, sugar-coated things, desserts of every shapes and sizes—many covered with brightly-colored frosting—covered her table, but the one that held Maerk’s eyes were the SweetCakes. They were a round cake the size of a hand with fingers spread, sweet crystals of sugar embedded like diamonds sewn into a precious tapestry. Maerk pointed at the largest one, the bright yellow cake beckoning to him, the sides a crispy, golden brown. 
The baker handed him the cake as Lacy paid for the treat. Maerk could barely contain himself. He broke it in half and gave Lacy her piece.
Lacy took her piece and watched as Maerk gobbled his down, yellow crumbs and sugary crystals sticking to his cheeks. He was so happy. It made Lacy smile
Raising the cake to her mouth, she opened wide, then stopped and extended it to Maerk. His eyes grew wide with surprise. 
“Go ahead, eat it. You like these much more than I do.” Her stomach growled again.
“Thanks, Lace.” Maerk stuffed the cake in his mouth, smiling as he chewed. 
A warm feeling spread through Lacy’s chest as her brother sucked up every crumb, then licked his fingers, his smile contagious. 
With their hunger satisfied, well, at least Maerk’s, they continued through the Cavern, enjoying the displays of art and music. Armorers put out their best displays of armor while blacksmiths showed off ornately-carved warhammers. The quality was remarkable; only the rich giants living at the rear of the GreatCavern could ever afford these goods. It made Lacy’s mood grow dark. 
We’ll never afford anything like that, not while we live under the Giant’s Causeway. She wanted to scream. 
With a scowl, Lacy filled her water skin from a barrel, then offered to take some sour milk from a farmer who was about to pour it out, filling a second skin; their mother taught them to always be prepared. I miss her. 
Guilt surfaced from deep in her soul as she thought about the nearly constant bouts of hacking coughs her mother, Jonna, had endured; the ShakingFlu showed no mercy. 
I should have done more to help her, Lacy thought. But there had been nothing she could have done. It took a long time for the GiantHealers to find a cure to the ShakingFlu, and her mother had been one of the earliest casualties. 
With the death of their mother and their father’s weakened state, it fell upon Lacy to provide for the family. She dropped out of school and started hunting the caves and tunnels deep underground but found it too dangerous to do it alone. With sincere regret, she asked Maerk also to forego his education and follow her into the dark and treacherous passages. She tried to bring in enough money to keep them fed, but she was failing. Nearly every trip into the tunnels brought them things to sell, but it was never enough. Their father had to frequently dip into their cash reserves, money from the sale of their home after Jonna’s death. Soon, all their money would be gone. 
Before their mother died, Lacy had been confident and smart. She always knew what to do or how to get around an obstacle. But now, her confidence was shattered. All she ever worried about was avoiding failure, rather than trying to succeed. Uncertainty and doubt clouded her every decision and usually required Maerk to push her in the right direction. If Lacy didn’t break the cycle of failures and find something valuable soon, they’d be penniless and would starve. And in StoneHold, giants who couldn’t care for themselves were typically kicked out of the Cavern to live off the land; few survived for long. 
A tear struggled to escape from the corner of her eye as Lacy thought about her many failures, but she choked it back. Crying won’t help now, her thoughts screamed inside her mind. 
“Lacy, you okay?” Maerk moved next to his sister. “You look sad. Is there something wrong?”
She shook her head. “I’m okay, just thinking about our situation. I keep trying to come up with some idea that’ll get us out of poverty and back into a house again, but I keep coming up blank.” 
“You’ll figure it out, Lace. You always do.” He smiled at his sister. Between the two of them, Maerk was the only one with any confidence in her.
Guilt gnawed at the pit of her stomach, making her gut feel as if something heavy had settled there and was starting to grow.
They continued walking through the marketplace, Maerk glancing longingly at skewers of meat and loaves of bread. As they moved deeper into the GreatCavern, into the wealthier part of StoneHold, Lacy started seeing other kids their ages. They were the children of the rich and powerful, their clothing adorned with their clan’s stone, warhammers decorated with intricately carved patterns. They spotted Lacy and Maerk. 
“Look at those two kids.” A tall boy with a purple stone hanging around his neck pointed and laughed. “How many patches do you think they have on their cloaks. It looks like the patches are eating them.”
Another boy chuckled. “Maybe they’re from the Patch clan. It’s a new GiantClan for the penia.”
Penia was slang for poor.
Lacy reached up and wrapped her fingers around the TreeAgate stone hanging around her neck, the green and white rock the symbol of their clan. She glanced at her brother. “I hate being poor.”
“Don’t let those kids get to you. They’re from the Amethyst GiantClan and think they’re better than everyone else.”
She slammed her warhammer on the ground with a thump.  The bullies glanced their way. “Look at their clothes and their hammers,” Lacy whispered. “They are better than us. Everyone’s better than us, and it’ll never change.” Tears of frustration threatened to escape, but she forced them back. “I don’t know what to do to get out of this poverty. We’re gonna be hungry and cold until something in the tunnels finally gets us.”
“That’s ridiculous. I’m sure you’ll figure something out and—”
“You don’t get it.” Her voice grew louder. “I don’t have any tricks or inventions to help us. This is it. This is our life.” 
The Amethyst giants laughed, pointing and slinging insults. Lacy ignored them. 
“I don’t know what to do.” She wanted to weep.
“Then let’s go get some answers.” Maerk put a hand on her shoulder. “Let’s ask the TruthStone. Maybe Mom will talk to us through the Stone and give us some advice.”
“The TruthStone, it’s worthless. I hate that thing. I wish someone would crush it into dust!”
Maerk put a hand over his sister’s mouth. “Keep your voice down. You can’t say things like that.” 
“Well, it’s true.” She brushed his hand aside and lowered her voice. “I went to the Stone when Mom and Dad were sick. I sat before it and concentrated, hoping our Fathers would tell me what to do to save Mom’s life.” Lacy glared at him. “You know what it said to me?”
“What?” 
“Nothing! And two weeks later, she was dead, and Dad was so weak he couldn’t stand.” She clenched her hands into fists, squeezing her anger and frustration until her nails dug into her palms. “The TruthStone should be destroyed!” 
The Amethyst giants grew silent, all of them staring at Lacy and her brother. The biggest amongst them whispered to a young girl. She flung her warhammer over her shoulder and dropped it into the sling on her back, then took off running, the others murmuring to each other. 
“Look, just because it said nothing when Mom and Dad were sick, it doesn’t mean it can’t help us now.” 
“The Stone won’t help me get what I need.” 
“What is it you need?” Maerk asked.
The Amethyst giants still stared in their direction. 
Lacy lowered her voice to a whisper. “I need, no, we need another chance. You know, a reset. There’s no way we can play the hand we’ve been dealt and survive. Somehow, we need to find someone who believes in us and will help our family get back onto its feet.” 
“But that’s not the way of the giant.” Maerk glanced at the bullies nearby, some of them moving closer to hear what they were saying. He lowered his voice. “Giants take care of their own. That’s been the rule since the GreatFire. If we can’t take care of our family, then we’re a burden to StoneHold, and for the safety of everyone else, they’ll kick us out.” 
“I know.” Lacy glared at the Amethyst giants, the bullies still pointing and making offensive comments. She turned away, her face growing red with anger and frustration, not just at the Amethysts, but at their situation. “If we can find someone to believe in us, maybe they’ll help out and give us a chance.”
“I doubt that’s ever gonna happen.” Maerk shook his head. “We just need you to figure something out. You were always the best student. Your clever inventions impressed everyone. You’ll come up with something.”
Her posture slumped, the weight of responsibility like a crushing boulder. “I don’t know what to do, and I have the feeling we’re on the brink of starvation. If I make a wrong decision, I could kill us both. We need help, but no one’s gonna help a couple of penia like us.” 
“Then, let’s go to the TruthStone and see if our ancestors can help us.” Maerk looked up at his sister with warm brown eyes. “Come on, give it a try.”
She sighed. “OK, let’s go to the Stone and see what it says, if it will speak to us at all. Maybe the TruthStone won’t work for penia.”
“It must work. I’ll force it to tell us what we need to know.” He smiled at his sister. “Don’t worry, Lace. I have a feeling the TruthStone is going to change our lives forever.”
“I hope you’re right.” Lacy gave her brother a strained smile, then picked up her hammer. “Lead on.” 
Maerk wove his way through the crowd, heading for the Chamber of the Fathers, Lacy two steps behind. The Amethyst giants stared at her and her brother, some of them still flinging insults at their backs. She stopped for a moment and gave them a mischievous grin, earning more slurs, then continued. 
I’m sure I’ll mess this up somehow, and the TruthStone won’t work for us. A glint of light reflected off the TreeAgate stone embedded in the side of Maerk’s warhammer, the weapon hanging over his shoulder. Mom, I hope you’re there in the TruthStone. We really need your help. 
She swerved around a group of three giants, the hem of their heavy cloaks dragging across the ground, the garments too long. Each wore their hoods over their heads, hiding their faces from the curious. A strange scratching sound accompanied the trio as if something metal dragged across the ground with each step. 
“I don’t know what I’m gonna do if our ancestors won’t talk to us through the Stone,” she whispered to herself. “Something must change, or eventually we’ll starve.” 
Gripping her warhammer tight in her hand, she reached up to the green and white TreeAgate stone hanging around her neck and squeezed as feelings of dread, like vultures around a carcass, circled her soul. 

CHAPTER 6

Personal diary entry of Jonnas Walker, CaveLeader
Year 41, PGF

The metal stairs leading into the Great Cavern finally fell apart. The lingering radiation was like a cold heat, constantly chewing away at the metal until the steel structure just decayed and crumbled to the ground. We need a reliable way to get in and out of the cavern without fear of falling. As a result, I commanded the builders to start a project, carving steps out of stone. 
Rather than digging them into the mountainside, the HeadBuilder, Dorna StoneCarver as she calls herself now, is sculpting large columns of stone, each with six sides, so they look like tall hexagons. She tells me they’ll fit tightly together and stand on their own. In fact, she said she could even make compartments beneath the stairs, carved into the stone, for storage of equipment and supplies. They’d be big enough to stand in, but no one will ever live there; it would be far too dangerous. The creatures of the night—and it’s always night—were vicious and hungry; we’re all hungry. Only a fool would live out there. 
We had a contest to name the structure, and because of its size, the name Giant’s Causeway was chosen. I’m not sure if that name will last; after all, giants don’t exist.

It felt like a walk of shame as they crossed the GreatCavern. Giants stared at their disheveled and torn clothing, the rust stains on the metal heads of their warhammers adding to the picture. Many whispered ‘penia’ as they passed, making sure the word reached their ears. 
“Do these giants think we don’t know we’re poor?” Maerk said, glaring at a teenager from the BlueKyanite GiantClan.
“They aren’t saying it to help us understand our situation.” Lacy’s voice grew louder so others could hear. “They fling their insults at us to keep us down and make themselves feel superior.” 
“That doesn’t seem right.” Maerk turned away from the idiotic BlueKyanites. “After all, the DiamondStone in The Way says, ‘All giants serve their clan, and all clans serve Phoenix.’ Trying to hurt us doesn’t help their clan or Phoenix. I think they’ve forgotten the names of their Fathers.”
“You’re probably right. Maybe we should—”
“Look, there’s the entrance to the Chamber of the Fathers.” Maerk pointed at a huge archway, the stone carved with elaborate designs. Faces of historical giants, the Fathers, adorned the curving frame, the stones of their Clans embedded into the men’s stony beards and women’s braided granite hair. It was a masterpiece. “I bet giants from the Labradorite clan carved the entrance.” 
Lacy nodded. “You’re probably right. Come on, let’s get inside. I doubt there’s an answer waiting for us inside, but we might as well go in and see.” 
Just as they were about to enter the passage, another giant emerged from the shadows. He looked to be the same age as Lacy, twelve-years-old, but that was the only similarity. This boy wore the finest clothing, with shining pieces of steel woven into his cloak, his clan’s stone, Ruby, embedded into each piece of armor. Intricately carved shapes and patterns covered the shining steel head of the giant’s warhammer, the surface polished to a mirror finish. A large, blood-red ruby sparkled on the side of the hammer, the gemstone shimmering in the torchlight. The total display of wealth hanging off the boy’s body and in his hands was offensive. Lacy, her brother, and father could eat for a year or more if they had that much money.
“You’re staring at me,” the boy said. “What?”
“Nothing.” Lacy turned away but watched the boy out of the corner of her eye. 
He looked Lacy and Maerk up and down, taking in their dilapidated clothing and pathetic weapons. 
“Come on, Lacy. The Chamber of the Fathers is just inside.” Maerk smiled at the Ruby Giant, giving him a subtle nod. “We need answers from the TruthStone.”
“That’s where I’m going as well,” the rich boy said. He stepped in front of Lacy and Maerk as if he owned the passage and entered. 
“Please, go first.” Lacy’s voice was thick with sarcasm. The boy didn’t reply. 
“Come on, Lace.” Maerk grabbed his sister’s hand and headed into the passage. 
The tunnel was long and tall, with ornately carved pieces of GlowStone embedded into the arched ceiling, lighting the passage. Carvings of famous giants, both men and women from the distant past, adorned the walls. The Fathers stared down at Lacy with cold, dead eyes as she moved through the corridor. Their blank stares felt judgmental and harsh as if they knew of her many failures. Last time she’d been here, the Fathers refused to speak to her. I bet it’ll be the same. 
At the end of the passage stood a pair of elaborately carved IronWood doors. Typically, the doors stood closed, with the Protector standing guard, but that famous giant was nowhere to be seen, the doors slightly ajar.
The newcomer stood before the doors, unsure of what to do. Lacy and Maerk moved to his side. 
“Where’s the Protector?” the boy asked. “You know, the legendary giant, Rall ShadowCrusher.” 
Maerk shrugged. “I don’t know.”
“Maybe we should go in and find out?” Lacy stepped forward and pulled open the heavy door, the hinges squeaking, complaining of their thirst for oil. When she stepped into the chamber, painful memories flooded into her, threatening to drown her in sorrow and grief. 
“I sat right there,” she pointed at one of the marble benches, “and waited for our Fathers to tell me how to save Mom.” She turned and glanced at Maerk. Guilt and sorrow flooded into her mind, threatening to suffocate her soul. Lacy took a deep breath, hoping to drive the terrible emotions from her, but the more she thought about her failure, the stronger the dark feelings grew. “It was my fault, you know. I’d gotten sick and brought it into our home, infecting our parents. I thought about leaving StoneHold so that no one would catch the Flu from me, but I was afraid. My cowardice cost Mom her life and put Dad in bed, possibly forever.”
“Lacy, you need to—”
“It was my fault, Maerk, and everything that’s happened to us since their death is because of me. I should have—”
“Lacy!” Maerk dropped his warhammer and grabbed her shoulders, shaking his sister violently. “Look, they need help.” He pointed at two giants lying on the ground.
She snapped out of her grief when she spotted the Protector and the TruthKeeper lying on the ground, both wounded.
Maerk released her and ran to the old woman. “I’ll help the TruthKeeper. You check the Protector.” He glanced at the new kid. “Help my sister.” 
Running to the TruthKeeper, Maerk carefully helped her into a sitting position, the TruthKeeper slowly waking up. 
Lacy dropped her hammer and dashed to the Protector, Rall ShadowCrusher, just as he regained consciousness. An ugly bruise covered the side of his head, blood trickling from the wound and seeping into his gray, braided beard. The bright orange stones woven into his braids, Carnelian stones, the symbol of his clan, clinked together as he sat up and shook his head. He put a hand to his head and pulled it away, his palm stained with blood. 
Reaching into her cloak, Lacy pulled out a cloth and handed it to the giant. “Here, put this on your head.” 
Rall took it and pressed it to his head.
Lacy spotted a vicious wound on the giant’s shoulder, four deep gouges into his flesh. She pulled out another cloth and pressed it to the injury. 
Rall pushed her hand away. “It’s an old wound, as healed as it will ever be. Never mind that, child.” 
Lacy put the cloth away, then glanced at the rich boy. “Grab an arm; let’s help the Protector to the bench.”
They both grabbed a muscular arm and helped the massive giant up, Rall swaying a bit. The stone bench shuddered under his weight as he sat. 
“Thanks.” The Protector’s old voice was deep and gravelly, like two pieces of stone grinding against each other. 
“Are you okay?” Lacy pulled the cloth from his head and inspected his wound.
“My injuries are not important.” He glanced up at Lacy, his steely gray eyes filled with profound sadness. “Is the TruthKeeper alive?” 
Lacy glanced at her brother; Maerk nodded.
“Yeah, she’s okay.” Lacy took the cloth from Rall’s hand and pressed it against his bruised skull. The huge giant winced. 
Rall sighed. “This is my fault. I’m the Protector. I’m supposed to keep the TruthKeeper and the TruthStone safe and look at what’s happened.” Rall turned and glanced at the TruthKeeper. “Shannah, are you okay?”
The TruthKeeper, Shannah WindSinger, nodded, the quartz crystals woven into her long braids of gray hair reflected the light from the many pieces of GlowStone in the chamber, sending splashes of gold dancing across the walls and floors. She cringed, her head hurting. “I’m okay, Rall, just a bit of ringing in my ears and a sizeable headache. But we’re both still breathing, so I’d say things are pretty good.”
“Yeah, I think you’re right.” Rall nodded.
“Things aren’t pretty good.” Lacy’s voice grew screechy with exasperation. “You two were attacked and could have been killed. How is that okay?”
“Child, when something terrible happens, and you’re still breathing, that’s a pretty good outcome.” The TruthKeeper stood and walked toward Lacy on shaky legs. “Life always delivers obstacles, but you must keep things in perspective. If you’re still breathing, then you’re winning the game.”
“Still breathing . . . winning the game . . . what are you talking about?” Lacy looked up at the old woman, then glanced at brother, his confused expression matching her own. She turned back to Shannah and Rall, who were now sitting next to each other. “If you ask me, I think—”
“It’s gone!” the rich kid shouted. “The TruthStone. Someone stole it!” His voice boomed through the chamber and into the tunnel, echoing out into the GreatCavern. Voices of confusion and concern floated into the Chamber of the Fathers, other giants repeating the rich boy’s words. 
Rall rose to his feet and stepped to a pedestal at the center of the chamber. A layer of dust covered its surface, a clean circle at the center where the TruthStone should sit, but it was gone. Glancing at the floor, Rall searched for the sacred stone. Falling to his hands and knees, he moved across the chamber floor, looking desperately for the heirloom treasured by every giant in StoneHold. 
“It’s not here, it’s not here.” Rall’s staccato words sounded frantic. “It has to be here.” He glanced up at Lacy.
She nodded and got on her knees, gesturing to Maerk and the newcomer to do the same. Maerk dropped to his knees, crawling across the dusty floor while the rich kid just walked about the chamber, eyes focused on the ground. 
“Hey, what’s your name?” Lacy asked the boy. 
“Donovan. I’m a giant of the Ruby clan, and—”
“I don’t care.” She glared at him. “Just get down here and help the Protector.”
“Children, it’s not important. Please get up.” Shannah stood on shaky legs, then walked to Rall and grabbed the collar of his cloak, trying to pull him to his feet. “Rall, stand up. The stone is gone. They took it.”
Rall stopped searching and slowly stood, his shoulders slumped forward, eyes cast to the ground in shame. 
“I was supposed to protect you, Shannah, and I failed.” The huge giant shook his head, his long gray beard swaying back and forth. 
“I’m still alive, so it seems you did a good job.”
“But the Stone?” Rall’s voice was barely a whisper. “It was my task to protect it, and I failed. The giants of StoneHold cherish the TruthStone; it’s part of every giant’s soul.”
“No, no, it’s not that important; you know that. We don’t need to worry about the Stone.” The TruthKeeper’s soft voice soothed everyone in the room, her words lyrical, almost like a song. 
“But it was my job,” Rall said through clenched teeth, his eyes lit with anger. “It was my only purpose; to protect you and the TruthStone . . . and I failed.” He lowered his steely gaze to the ground, body tensed with frustration. 
“Can you tell us what happened.” Lacy picked up the Protector’s warhammer. It was the heaviest thing she’d ever lifted. Struggling, she handed it to Rall. 
Grasping the IronWood handle, he nodded to her. “Thanks.”
“So, tell us what happened.” Lacy gestured to one of the benches. “Maybe we can help.”
“You want to know what happened?” Rall asked. 
Lacy and her brother nodded, then sat on the stone bench, Donovan sitting on the opposite side of the room. 
“Okay.” Rall sat next to Lacy as Shannah took a seat next to Maerk and began his story.

CHAPTER 7

“They walked into the passage leading to the Chamber of the Fathers with their hoods pulled up over their heads. The deep cowls hid their faces in shadow.” Rall stroked the braids of his long gray beard, fingering the orange Carnelian stones at the end. “I should have suspected something. After all, why would giants have their hoods up over their heads while they’re in StoneHold? You only do that when you’re outside the GreatCavern.”
“You couldn’t have known something was wrong.” The TruthKeeper reached across Lacy and Maerk, and put a hand on Rall’s arm. 
“NO! I should have known. It was my job to sense something was wrong with those three giants and stop them, but I failed.” He brushed her hand away. “I know the GiantCouncil put me here to be the Protector because I’m a worn-out old giant who isn’t useful anymore.”
“That’s not true,” Shannah WindSinger objected. “You’re a brave and—”
Rall raised his hand, silencing the TruthKeeper. “It’s okay. I’ve come to terms with the fact that I’m the oldest giant in StoneHold. I should have died long ago, but the GiantCouncil kept me out of the battles, saying I was a symbol of courage for all giants. I was too valuable to risk being killed while protecting StoneHold. Now, I’m too old for the GiantLegion and too honorable to become a politician. So that leaves me with nothing to do but guard the TruthStone. It seems I can’t even do that.”
“What did the Giants look like?” Maerk asked.
“I told you, they had heavy cloaks on with their hoods pulled up over their heads. But there was something strange about two of them, something that didn’t seem right.”
“Were their cloaks dragging on the ground, like they were too big for a couple of them?” Lacy asked.
“Come to think of it, yeah.” Rall nodded.
“We passed three giants like you described just before we reached the Chamber of the Fathers.” Lacy stood up and paced back and forth. She reached up to her long red hair and twirled the locks around her index finger; it was something she did when deep in thought. Suddenly, she stopped and turned to her brother. “Maerk, I know what we’re gonna do.” 
Her brother stood, knocking his warhammer over, the oaken handle making a dull thud when it hit the ground. He moved to Lacy’s side. “What are you saying? The Stone is gone. We should head home and—”
“No.” She shook her head and stared at him. “We’re gonna find those giants. If we recover the TruthStone, maybe it will help us with our . . .” she glanced at the other giants in the chamber, then lowered her voice, “with our problem.”
Maerk smiled at his sister, then bent over and picked up his warhammer. “I’m with you, Lace. Let’s do it.”
“You two can’t just go after a bunch of giants. There were three of them, and you two are just kids.” Donovan picked up his warhammer and flung it over his shoulder, the polished head dropping into the sling on his back. “That’s ridiculous. I’m going to tell my father what happened. He’s on the GiantCouncil. He’ll know what to do.”
“By the time you do that, the thieves will be gone.” Lacy picked up her warhammer. “You don’t have to follow us, but we’re going after them.”
“Maybe you should listen to your young friend here.” Rall’s deep voice was like the rumbling of distant thunder. “These giants could be dangerous and—”
“With all due respect, Protector, you don’t understand.” Lacy glanced at her brother. 
He gave her a nod. “Let’s go.”
Lacy and Maerk headed out of the chamber and into the long passage leading back to the GreatCavern. Donovan followed them, a continuous flow of reasons why they should leave this to the Ruby GiantClan streaming from the rich boy’s mouth, but Lacy and Maerk ignored him. When they reached the GreatCavern, they found giants from all clans milling about, murmuring to each other, a sense of panic in the air. The celebration had stopped as the news about the TruthStone spread throughout StoneHold. Lacy glanced around, then noticed strange scratch marks on the ground, as if something metallic had been dragged across the stone floor. The marks led off into the wealthy part of StoneHold, disappearing into shadows. 
“Maerk, look at those marks.” She pulled a piece of GlowStone from a pocket and held it out, illuminating the ground. “I bet the thieves made those scratches.”
Her brother nodded. “I remember hearing something scraping on the ground when those three giants passed us. We should follow them.”
“You two don’t know what you’re doing.” Donovan stood directly in front of Lacy. “We should just wait for the GiantLegion and—”
“Those three kids stole the TruthStone.” The voice shot out of the darkness, echoing off the stone walls. There as a strange click at the end of each word. “I saw them attack the Protector from behind and take it.”
“Who said that?” Lacy peered into the darkness. The voice came from the rich side of StoneHold, in the direction of the scratch marks. 
“I heard them saying they wanted to destroy the TruthStone,” another giant said. The group of Amethyst giant bullies stepped forward, each holding their warhammers, ready for battle. 
“Yeah, we all heard them.” The bully’s companions all nodded their heads; more warhammers pulled from their slings. 
“Someone, call for the GiantLegion,” a woman shouted.
“No, we can’t wait for that. I say we attack.” The tallest of the Amethyst giants stepped forward, pointing his warhammer right at Lacy. “They hurt the Protector and the TruthKeeper and stole the TruthStone. Their sentence should be death.”
“Yeah, death!” another yelled.
Lacy glanced at Maerk, then turned to Donovan. “You better come with us. This mob isn’t gonna give you a chance to show off your rubies or ask for daddy’s help. We need to get out of here . . . now.”
More shouts fell upon the trio, the voices of their accusers getting louder and angrier. 
Donovan sighed, then nodded. 
Lacy stared down at the piece of GlowStone in her palm, the mineral coating her with a golden hue. “Both of you close your eyes. Don’t open them until I tell you, and then run as fast as you can.” Lacy shut her eyes and held the piece of GlowStone high into the air. She then threw it as hard as she could to the ground between them and the mob. The glowing crystal shattered. Instantly all the stored energy within the GlowStone burst forth, throwing tiny shards in all directions. But more importantly, it created a bright white flash that momentarily blinded all the other giants. 
“Now, open your eyes and follow me.” Lacy took off running along the trail of scratch marks, quickly disappearing into the darkness, Maerk, and Donovan on her heels. 
By the time the other giants regained their eyesight, Lacy and her companions had seemingly disappeared. 
“Everyone, go look for the thieves. Don’t let them get away.” The Amethyst bully sounded furious. 
As Lacy ran, the voices of the frustrated mob grew quieter, the giants dispersing and likely searching StoneHold.
Lacy moved down a narrow alleyway, stopping far from any windows. She pulled a cloth out of a pocket and used it to extinguish a torch mounted to the wall, plunging them into darkness. 
“Great plan so far, Lacy.” Donovan grabbed the bright ruby hanging around his neck and used his sleeve to wipe off any dirt. “What do we do now, just stand here until the GiantLegion finds us?”
Lacy scowled at the boy. “Of course not. We’re gonna follow those scratch marks across StoneHold until we find the real thieves.”
“And then?”
“Don’t worry, Donovan.” Maerk patted his sister on the back. “Lacy will think of something. We’re gonna get the TruthStone back and give it straight to the FirstColossus, right Lace?”
“Right.” She gave her brother a strained smile, then reached to the TreeAgate stone hanging around her neck and rubbed it with her fingers. The cool touch of the green and white stone eased some of her panic. I hope I don’t fail at this like I do everything else. This is the chance to fix our lives.
“GiantLegionnaires, search the back of StoneHold.” The voice of a GiantLegion Commander boomed off the polished stone walls making up the homes of the rich and powerful. “Find those three giants. If they resist, use your warhammers; we don’t show mercy to thieves.”
“Sir,” a group of giants replied, the sound of pounding boots resonated through the streets.
“I guess I have no choice but to stick with you two.” Donovan glanced at Lacy, taking in her ripped and torn clothing with a suspicious eye. “What do we do now?”
“We need to follow the scratch marks on the ground.” Lacy pointed to Maerk and Donovan. “You two keep together and follow me, staying five or six steps behind. They’re looking for a group of three giants, so we need to remain separated. What do you think, Maerk, good plan?” Nervous doubt nibbled at her courage, uncertainty filling the void.
“Sound’s good, Lace.” Maerk nodded. “Lead on.”
Lacy moved out of the alleyway and back to the trail of scratches on the ground. Her sensitive eyesight, from spending so much time in the dark tunnels under StoneHold, allowed her to make out the faint scratches on the ground. She followed them deeper into the GreatCavern, into the affluent section of StoneHold. 
Immense towering structures stretched up into the air, the walls made of polished marble. Elaborate carved-stone walls ringed the mansions, each with decorative but sturdy gates barring entry by the unwanted masses. The trail gouges in the ground wove past the estates, curving around one, then another, the thieves following a confused path as if lost. 
Lacy walked with her head down, her eyes continually searching for the markings. A few times, she lost the path and had to backtrack to find the scratches again. Each time, the trail continued moving deeper into StoneHold. 
“I don’t think these thieves know where they’re going.” Lacy glanced over her shoulder at her two companions, her voice soft. “It keeps weaving around as if they’re searching for something.” 
“Just keep going,” Maerk whispered, giving her a reassuring smile. “I know you can find them.”
Just then, a deep voice boomed across the area, reflecting off the tall building and polished walls. “I see two kids over there. Legionnaires, follow me.”
The pounding of many boots filled the air as a squad of GiantLegion headed their way. 
Lacy’s pulse quickened as beads of sweat suddenly formed on her forehead. She glanced at her brother, fear in her eyes. “Run.”
Maerk and Donovan nodded and sprinted, Lacy doing the same. She ran as fast as she could, still following the trail of scratches. Her stomach churned as slithering fingers of dread wrapped themselves around her soul and started to squeeze. I knew I’d mess this up. What was I thinking?!
Lacy tried to come up with a plan, but panic ruled her mind. All she could do was run and hope something would save her brother from this newest failure. 
 
CHAPTER 8

Anonymous Scavenger report
Year, 65 PGF

I went with the group, trying to establish a Scavenger colony outside the WasteLands. We found a place near a small forest and went to work. Cutting down all the trees, we used the wood as fuel to feed our excavators. These great machines, with their rusted-metal teeth and merciless jaws, took large bites out of the landscape, tearing through the soil in search of minerals and metal hidden underneath, but found little.
As we dug, a group of three people came to our camp: one of the tree people, called Dryads, a Giant, and a Human. They told us they were representatives of the ThreeRaces and said the OneLaw forbade the use of technology on Phoenix. 
We refused to listen to them, and instead of letting them go back to their villages and reveal our location, we chose to fight. We fell upon the three invaders but didn’t expect an army was hiding in the tall grass. 
We fought the invaders to the last scavenger but were defeated. I was allowed to live so that I would bring the OneLaw back to the ScavengerNation with a warning: Scavengers were forbidden from leaving the WasteLands unless we abandon all technology. We will never abandon our tech. “Technology is Life” is the OneLaw in the WasteLands. 
But one day, we will overcome the three pathetic races, and then Phoenix will be ours to ravage as we see fit.

“Do you have any idea where you’re going, giant?” The scavenger, Karl deGraff, spat the word giant as if it were poison on his tongue. 
“Watch how you talk to me, scavenger.” Brakkus glared at the scavenger. “I might decide to knock that fake head and shoulders off you so the GiantLegion can see who you really are.”
Karl adjusted the fake torso sitting on his shoulders. It made him seem ten feet tall, and not his actual six-foot height. This was part of Brakkus’s plan; disguises to hide the scavenger’s real size to make them look like giants from a distance. Up close, it would fool no one; hopefully, their cloaks and the thick cowls of their hoods would keep them safe from the curious. If not, Karl always had many knives hidden on his body as well as his sword. 
Brakkus followed the alleyway, then turned to the right, then turned back and went left instead.
“Are you lost?” Micca asked, her soft voice clicking with each word. The old and failing mechanism mounted to her neck that helped her speak needed replacing, but she didn’t have the money. 
“Well, not completely lost.” Brakkus frowned as he struggled to remember the path. “It’s been a long time since I was here.” He glanced at Micca. “By the way, Micca, that was a nice touch, blaming those kids for our theft. I bet the GiantLegion are wasting their time questioning them instead of chasing us.”
“Thanks.” Micca smiled, her face blushing a little.
“Don’t be so proud of yourself yet, Micca. I can see those kids following our trail.” He pointed at Brakkus. “You said we’d get in and get out with no troubles. Now we have three puny cubs following us.” He drew his sword. “Maybe I should wait for them and give them a taste of my steel.”
“You talk big for such a little scavenger.” Brakkus stopped and faced Karl. “They’re just a bunch of kids. The GiantLegion will catch them soon enough; then, we don’t need to worry about them. In fact, since they’re following us, I’ll lead them someplace that will allow the GiantLegion to catch them and stay off our backs. Follow me.” 
Brakkus ran down the narrow walkway, leading their pursuers to a place where he knew the three kids would get caught. It made him smile. 
They should have left it alone and not become involved, he thought. It’s their own fault. 
He chuckled as he turned the corner and headed into the dead-end street, then quickly retraced his steps and moved out of it. Turning, he spotted the passage he’d been looking for, one of the secret exits leading out of StoneHold. A huge boulder hid the passage, the shadows cast by the enormous stone masking the entrance. With a smile, he led his companions into the tunnel, disappearing into the darkness. 
“Pity, I would have enjoyed watching those kids get caught for a crime none of them committed.” He chuckled, then dashed into the passage, the metal brace running from his knee, all the way down to his heel, scratching the ground with every step. Reaching into a pocket, Brakkus closed his fingers around the TruthStone, the Soul of giants who lived in StoneHold and smiled.
CHAPTER 9
 
The sounds of pounding boots grew louder as did the sound of Lacy’s heartbeat. The footsteps were like angry drums, pounding their rage into the stone as they drew nearer; the GiantLegion was closing in. 
“Faster, Lacy, run faster.” Maerk struggled to talk while gulping huge breaths. 
Lacy drove her legs harder, sprinting as fast as she could while still following the trail of scratches. The path curved this way and that, leading a circuitous trail through the wealthy section of StoneHold, weaving from one side of the Cavern to the other. The GiantLegion had difficulty following them, expecting the three kids to take a direct route. It kept them off their backs for a while, but the warriors were closing. 
Turning into a wide avenue, Lacy followed the scratches leading into the LepidoliteQuadrant, the homes here belonging to giants of the Lepidolite clan. Large archways stretched from one side of the street to the other, the faces of famous Lepidolite Giants emblazoned on the side.  Speckled stones of lavender and white decorated archways as well as the walls and doors of the homes, some carved into exquisite shapes. 
“Hey . . . you see where we are?” Donovan moved next to Lacy.
“Sure, in the LepidoliteQuadrant.”
“Yeah, and I bet many of the GiantLegion chasing us are Lepidolite giants.” A shout echoed off the walls, one of the giants giving a command to split up his forces. Donovan looked over his shoulder, his pale face making his black hair seem even darker, then turned back to Lacy. “This is their home. They know these streets better than anyone else. We need to get out of here.”
“I’m following the trail.” Lacy gave him a quick glance. “We’re gonna catch the real thieves. That’s the only way we’ll be able to prove our innocence.”
“But if we—”
“Turn here.” Lacy dashed into a narrow alleyway between two palatial estates. The polished walls glittered with a thousand tiny, purple crystals. The gemstones reflected light from GlowStone lanterns overhead, decorating the walls and floors with splashes of lavender and gold.
The footsteps of their pursuers now came at them from two directions. The GiantLegion had split up and were trying to herd them in some direction. Many of the warriors shouted, letting Lacy and her companions know their location, likely to make them afraid; it worked. 
The trail turned, heading toward the deepest part of the GreatCavern, where the richest and most respected giants lived. Homes stretching up three or four levels covered the cave floor, precious gems placed conspicuously across the walls and around windows. They passed groups of homes owned by Amethyst Giants, followed by FireOpal, Quartz, and Obsidian. 
“We’re nearing the back wall of the GreatCavern,” Maerk said. “Pretty soon, we’ll have no place to go.” He reached a hand to his sister and placed it on her arm. “Lacy, we’re gonna be trapped soon.”
“No, there’s a way out; there must be; otherwise, why would the thieves head this way?”
“Maybe the thieves don’t know where they’re going,” Donovan said.
Lacy shook her head, her red hair matted with sweat, sticking to the back of her neck. “No, they knew the exact location of the Chamber of the Fathers, and they knew tonight would be the LongNight celebration. They chose today on purpose because of all the confusion.” She glanced at the rich boy. “These giants knew exactly what they were doing.”
“They’re in the ObsidianQuadrant.” The voice came from overhead. 
Lacy looked over her shoulder and spotted a giant atop one of the taller homes. The warrior pointed with her warhammer, showing her comrades where to search.
“We gotta move faster.” Lacy took a deep breath, then drove her legs hard, her heart pounding in her chest. Glancing rapidly to the left and right, she expected the GiantLegion to catch them any second. Have I failed already? Will our attempted escape make us appear guilty? Lacy glanced at her brother. I’ve doomed him. If the GiantLegion catches us, they’ll likely exile us from StoneHold. We’ll be one of the Forgotten; giants without a clan. What will happen to Dad? She wanted to cry but refused; the time for tears would come later. 
Just then, the trail turned away from the Obsidian section and headed into an area on the right side of the cavern. The path led straight into the CarnelianQuadrant, the homes there modest like the giants of this clan. With two-story-high buildings placed very close together, it was easy for the three kids to hide in the narrow, dark alleyways. 
“They’re somewhere in the Carn,” the giant atop the soaring tower shouted. “I can’t see them anymore.” 
“Keep searching for them.” The GiantLegion commander’s voice boomed like thunder.
Lacy’s fear eased a bit. 
Footsteps pounded the ground, the sounds echoing through the narrow streets. The two groups of giants had merged again. Angry shouts sliced through the air, accusations and promises of punishment terrifying the three kids. Lacy’s stomach roiled as a cold and clammy chill spread across her hands. The handle of her warhammer grew slick. She squeezed the oaken shaft, making sure it didn’t slip from her hands; a giant never drops their weapon. 
Lacy ran with eyes cast to the ground, the trail of scratches leading them to the edge of the GreatCavern. A row of homes lined the left side of the walkway, the rough-hewn wall of the Cavern to the right. Darkness filled the street; the smell of smoke hung heavy in the air. Along the front of the homes, torches, recently extinguished, left sinuous ribbons of smoke snaking into the air. Someone just put them out, that’s strange. 
“Why did someone put the torches out?” Maerk turned to his sister.
She shrugged and slowed to a walk. Giants learned at an early age that darkness could hide dangers; Lacy moved down the path with caution. Maerk stepped to her right side, Donovan to her left. Walking three abreast, they searched the gloom for threats, their feet probing the ground before them as they walked. An inky blackness filled the passage, letting Lacy see only one step ahead. They moved carefully forward, looking for an exit. Behind them, the footsteps of the GiantLegion grew louder and louder; they were closing in. 
After a dozen more steps, Lacy bumped into a stone wall.
“It’s a dead end.” Her voice was barely a whisper. “We’re trapped.”
“What?” Donovan’s voice rose with shock.
“Shhh . . .  the GiantLegionnaires are close.” Maerk reached out and placed a clumsy hand on Donovan’s back, his dark clothing making him difficult to see.
“Sorry,” Donovan whispered. 
“Lace, should we go back?” Maerk stepped closer to his sister. “What do you think?”
“We can’t stay here. We’ll be trapped.” Lacy turned and glanced back the way they came. 
Suddenly, a huge giant holding a massive warhammer stepped into the far end of the street, faint light illuminating him from behind. Another giant moved to his side, then another and another. In seconds, a dozen giants of the GiantLegion stood at the end of the walkway, each peering into the darkness, looking for their prey.
“Darrik, do you see anything?” the commander asked.
“No, sir. It’s too dark,” Darrik responded.
“If anyone is hiding in the darkness, you better come out now.” The commander’s voice echoed off the stone walls. Lacy’s body shook as the hairs on the back of her neck stood up straight, uncontrollable fear rippling through her soul. 
He waited for a moment. “Okay, you had your chance.” The commander turned to Darrik. “Take your squad down there and see if anyone is hiding in the darkness. If anyone resists, crush them with your hammers.”
“Yes, sir.” Darrik put a fist to his chest, showing respect, then motioned to four giants. The five of them moved into the passage, warhammers held ready for combat.
“Lacy, what do we do.” Maerk’s voice was barely a whisper.
A cold sweat washed across Lacy’s body, the salty rivulets running down her face, some trickling into her eyes. It stung. Lacy clenched her jaw, trying to hold back a scream of terror and frustration. The taste of blood spread across her tongue, the inside of her cheek throbbing with pain. What do I do, what do I do? Her question bounced around in her head, looking for a solution, but no answer came to her. They were trapped and about to be caught . . . because of her. 
I’m sorry, Mom and Dad, I tried to protect Maerk, but I failed. 
In a minute, the GiantLegion would be on them. 
This was the end.
CHAPTER 10

The GiantLegionnaires stepped slowly through the darkness, moving closer. Lacy glanced at her brother, his face just a shadowy blob in the gloom. She wanted to curl up in a ball and hope it would all just go away, but Lacy knew that wouldn’t help. Better to face this threat on her feet than cowering on the floor. 
A boot scuffed the ground. 
Turning, she faced the sound, the handle of her warhammer slick in her clammy hands. In another couple of steps, their pursuers would see them. 
Small stones, like windchimes, clinked together in the shadows, likely from one of the giant’s braids. The sound grew closer. Lacy struggled to control the urge to scream at the giants as panic enveloped her mind. She shook ever so slightly. Fear ignited her nerves, her heartbeat quickening. 
What do I do? I can’t let them capture us; they’ll exile us from StoneHold. I have to protect Maerk and—
A breeze flowed past her cheek, causing the sweat trickling down her face to run cold. It was as if a door quickly opened, but all the homes here were dark, likely abandoned; there weren’t many Carnelian giants left in StoneHold. 
Suddenly, Maerk disappeared from her side. Some unseen force just pulled him away without making a sound. Lacy reached out to Donovan but found he was gone as well.
A boot heel crushing gravel on the ground told her the GiantLegion were getting closer. Maybe a step or two, and they’d see her. Then she’d be caught and—
A pair of strong arms wrapped around her body, pinning her warhammer to her chest. They lifted her off the ground and pulled her backward into an open door. Before she could speak, a large hand covered her mouth. The muscular arms set her on the ground. The door was silently closed, plunging them into darkness.
She turned her head, trying to probe the gloom, but the world around her was bathed in a darkness so complete, it felt as if something covered her eyes. Before she could speak, a voice whispered into her ear.
“You are safe for now, as long as you stay quiet.”
Lacy turned to the speaker and reached out, touching their face. She felt a wrinkled face, with a long, braided beard, smooth stones attached to the end of each weave. She moved her hand across the giant’s shoulder, her fingers sliding across a series of four scars, deep and jagged.
“Rall?” Her surprised voice sounded like thunder in the silent room. 
“Shhh . . . the GiantLegionnaires are near.” Rall’s soft, gravelly voice rumbled like stones grinding together. “They’ll be gone soon.”
Lacy turned toward Rall in the darkness. “What do you think we should do—”
“Shhh, they’re right outside.” Rall reached out and grabbed her shoulder, stopping her from moving. 
Outside they could hear the squad of GiantLegion moving along the dark pathway, their boots sliding across the ground, feeling for unseen holes in the ground as they searched the darkness. 
“Just show yourselves, and you won’t be hurt,” one of the giants said. 
Heavy pieces of metal clanked against each other. Likely a pair of giants bumped their warhammers together. 
Someone shook the door to the adjacent house. Their scuffing footsteps moved to Rall’s door. They grabbed the handle and shook the door violently, trying to pull it open, but the lock held. Moving to the next door, the giant shook that one as well. 
“They’re all locked,” the soldier said. 
“Does someone have a torch?” one of them asked.
“Here’s one on the wall.” A scraping sound, wood on metal, floated into the room.
Steel flicked across a piece of flint, making a distinctive clicking sound. It happened again and again until . . .  Smoke wafted into the room as the torch caught fire. A flickering yellow outline surrounded Rall’s door, then grew dimmer as the torch wielder moved away from his home. 
“Darrik, I don’t see those three kids anywhere.”
“Keep looking,” the squad leader barked.
“But sir . . . they aren’t here.” 
Lacy heard a sigh, then someone leaned against Rall’s door, making the wood bend and creak. 
“Then let’s go.” Darrik sounded dejected. “Commander, they aren’t here. Those kids must have taken another path.”
“What?!” The word came from the end of the street.
Lacy cringed, the anger in the commander’s voice was a razor-sharp blade. Likely Darrik could feel its sting.
“Sorry, sir, I don’t know what happened,” Darrik explained. His voice grew softer as they walked away. “We saw them head this way but . . .”
Lacy exhaled, her lungs starved for air; she realized she’d been holding her breath. Reaching out into the darkness, she felt for the huge giant, but only grasped air. A soft yellow light filled the room as Rall opened the side of a GlowStone lantern. The many rubies decorating Donovan’s cloak lit up like blood-red eyes as they reflected the light. 
The voices of the Legionnaires grew softer and softer as they headed out of the Carnelian section of StoneHold, likely searching other areas.
Maerk stepped toward the ancient giant. “Protector, thank you for saving—”
“No need to be so formal with a giant of the Carnelian clan, son. Call me Rall.” The giant smiled, instantly putting the three kids at ease. “Tell me how you ended up in the Carn.”
Lacy set her warhammer on the ground, leaning the handle against her chest. “We were following the trail of the real thieves, and it led us here.”
“But this is the only place in all of StoneHold that has a dead end, with no exits.” Rall sat on a stout wooden stool, then motioned for the others to sit. “That’s why I live here. No one ever comes down here.”
Lacy shrugged. “The thieves did. They led us into this dead end, hoping the GiantLegion would capture us.”
“Wait, you were able to follow their trail? How?” Rall’s voice rose with interest.
“One of the giants left scratches on the ground as if something metal were scraping with every step.” Maerk sat next to his Lacy, laying his warhammer across his lap. “My sister here spotted it and had us follow.”
“You’re sister?” Rall asked.
Maerk nodded. “Yep, I’m Maerk StormChaser, and this is my sister Lacy.”
Rall bowed his head slightly, then glanced at Donovan. “And you are?”
“I’m Donovan OreFinder of the Ruby GiantClan.” Donovan sat up tall and proud. “My father is—”
“Yes, yes, your father is Billan OreFinder. He’s a FirstPrefect and member of the GiantCouncil.” 
“That’s right. My father is a powerful giant and will use his influence to clear up this mess.” Donovan raised his chin, an air of superiority covering him like an impenetrable cloak.
“I don’t think your father is going to be much help.” Rall stood and moved to Donovan, motioning him to sit.  
“What do you mean. Didn’t anyone tell my father what happened? Surely he knows I’m innocent and will help me.”
Rall shook his head. “Your father showed up to the Chamber of the Fathers. The Legionnaires told him what happened and that you were one of the accused thieves. His response was, ‘Donovan made his choice; now he must suffer the consequences.’ I don’t think he’s going to be offering much aid.”
“My father . . .” Donovan’s posture slumped as he hung his head low. 
“Don’t worry. We’ll figure this out together.” Rall patted the boy on the shoulder, his gigantic hand surprisingly gentle. 
“Yeah, don’t worry, Donovan, you’re with my sister and me now. We’re gonna solve this problem together.” Maerk stood and glanced down at his sister. “Isn’t that right, Lacy. The three of us will find those thieves and get the TruthStone back in no time.”
“Ummm . . . yeah . . . sure.” Lacy’s words sounded as uncertain as she felt. I can’t fail him, not this time, not again.
“Not three, but four.” Rall stood, then picked up his huge warhammer and dropped it into the sling on his back. “The safety of Shannah WindSinger was my responsibility as was the TruthStone. I won’t stop until those thieves have been captured and punished.” He turned to Lacy. “You think you can still track the thieves.” 
Lacy pointed to the GlowStone lantern. “With that lantern, absolutely.” She glanced at her brother. “I know the GiantCouncil will never believe a couple of penia like my brother and me. If we’re captured, they’ll find us guilty, and likely we’ll be exiled from StoneHold. We’ll be Forgotten, and that’s not acceptable.” She held up the stone hanging around her neck. “We’re part of the TreeAgate clan. We don’t give up. When we see a wrong, we try to right it, no matter the cost, for that’s who we are.”
“That’s right.” Maerk moved to his sister’s side, then turned to Rall. “We could certainly use the help of a giant as famous as you.”
The Protector waved a hand in the air. “Fame is meaningless. Having a purpose is more important. It’s been something I’ve lacked until now.” He glanced down at Donovan. “Are you coming, Ruby? Or are you going to just stay here and sulk.”
“My name is Donovan, not Ruby.”
“Then stand up and act like a Ruby Giant, Donovan, instead of playing the victim.” Rall extended a hand to the boy. “By hammer and stone, we can catch those thieves and prove your innocence, but only if all of us work together. Are you with us?” 
Donovan looked up at Rall, then glanced at Lacy and Maerk. He nodded, then took Rall’s hand and stood. Pulling his warhammer from his sling, he held his ruby-encrusted weapon at the ready. “Let’s do this.”
“Alright!” Maerk exclaimed. He patted Donovan on the back. 
Rall smiled at the Ruby Giant, bowing his head ever so slightly. 
Lacy glanced at Donovan but said nothing. There was something about him she didn’t fully trust. Was he really there to help the group, or just himself? I’ll have to watch him, she thought as she moved to the door, and pulled back the lock. 
Slowly, Lacy pulled the door open, the IronWood door swinging noiselessly inward. Sticking her head through the doorway, she glanced at the dark walkway. No one could be seen . . . good. Lacy extended a hand toward Rall, reaching for the lantern. The hulking giant handed it to her. Adjusting the opening, Lacy created a thin sliver of light, casting a narrow rectangle of light on the ground, but still hiding their presence as much as possible. Quickly, she moved down the alleyway, collecting the unlit torches on the walls; it never hurt to have them in the tunnels. Turning, she focused the lantern onto the ground, searching for her prey.
“There you are my little friends.” She spotted the scratches on the ground. 
Kneeling, she ran her fingers across the markings, then stood and smiled. Glancing at her companions, she nodded, then followed their trail, the rest of the giants two steps behind, moving as quietly as possible. 
I must find these thieves so I can keep Maerk safe. Lacy’s nervous thoughts were buzzing hornets in her mind, filling her head with noise, driving away her confidence, and making it difficult to think. But as she focused on the trail before her, her mind cleared, the self-doubt and uncertainty parting like the clouds at the end of the LongNight. She could see the faces of her mother and father in her mind, smiling, expressions of hope in their warm eyes. Maybe I can do this without messing everything up.
Lacy smiled, then moved faster, following the trail into a nearby tunnel hidden by a huge granite boulder. She stopped at the opening, making sure her companions were with her, then entered into the dark and spooky passage, dangers lurking in the shadows waiting to take a bite out of them all. 
CHAPTER 11

Author unknown.
Found in a time capsule under StoneHold
Date written: year 92, PGF

Why are the children born in this gigantic cavern, our new home, so big? It’s like every generation is growing taller and stronger than the last. Could it be the radiation left over from the nuclear explosions? The Architect, the designer this subterranean city, told us the granite would shield us from the radiation . . . she lied. 
Many of us have seen the changes in our bodies as well as in the animals who struggle to survive out on the plains. We all know it’s the radiation rewriting our genetic code and changing our bodies, but will the changes help us to survive, or will we mutate into pathetic, distorted creatures . . . a mockery of our former selves. This lingering radiation could be our salvation or our death sentence. Only time will tell.

Lacy moved through the tunnel quickly, her three companions fast on her heels. She’d never been in this tunnel before and wasn’t sure where it led, but the faint smell of fresh air told her it would eventually lead out of the mountain and into out onto the plains. This was probably the thieves’ escape plan. 
I hope we can stop them.
She opened the GlowStone lantern just a bit as she walked, allowing her to see the ground, but not giving off enough light to be seen by their prey, at least that’s what she hoped. Tiny flakes of dust floated through the air, making the beam of light appear solid, like a shaft of sparkling gold. Instantly, the scratch marks stood out against the dull stone floor, a thick layer of dust on the ground disturbed by the thieves. “They definitely went this way.” Lacy glanced at her brother and nodded, then sneezed, the dust tickling her nose. “We’re gonna catch ‘em soon.”
Maerk put a hand on his sister’s shoulder. “Absolutely.”
“You need to know, the tunnels and caves under StoneHold are dangerous and no place for kids.” Rall ducked under a stalactite, the other kids easily passing underneath. “There are many perils down here. You must all stay close to me.”
Maerk giggled, then cast his sister a smile.
“What’s so funny?” Rall’s scratchy voice rumbled with a serious tone. 
“My brother laughed because we’re well acquainted with the dangers in these tunnels.” Lacy glanced at Rall. “He meant no disrespect. It’s just . . . we spend a lot of time in places like this.”
“Why would you want to do that?” Donovan asked. “It’s dark and dirty down here.” He brushed some dust from a sleeve, a look of disgust on his face. 
Lacy scowled at him, then turned away, her shoulders and neck tensed with frustration. “Donovan, we come down here to collect CaveShrooms or mine GlowStone that was too difficult for the GiantMiners to reach.” She glanced at Maerk. The boy had a proud smile on his face; it warmed her heart. “Sometimes, we collect SilkSpider webs for the giants who weave tapestries and fabrics or gather the glowing moss and lichen that’s only found in the deeper caves. All of these things bring a reasonable price if you know where to sell them.”
“But why go through all that work.” Donovan wore a confused expression on his face. “Those things aren’t worth a lot of money; it seems like a waste of time. You’ll never get rich that way.”
Lacy stopped and spun around, glaring at the Ruby Giant. “You don’t get it. We’re poor. Look at our clothes and weapons. These rags we’re wearing are the best we have.” Her voice grew louder as her anger built. “We struggle every day just to earn enough money to eat. A lot of the time, we go to bed hungry.” She took a step toward the boy and set the rusted metal head of her warhammer on the ground. “This was not the life we wanted, but when our mother died during the flu epidemic and . . .” She didn’t want to mention their sick father; the GiantCouncil could deem him unable to care for his family and take her and her brother away. “Well, this is what we do to survive.” Tears struggled to leak from her eyes, but she forced the emotions into the deepest part of her soul. “I’ve been doing the best I could to take care of my brother. I know I’m not very strong or very smart, but I won’t give up on Maerk, and hopefully, he’ll never give up on me.”
“Never.” Maerk moved to his sister’s side and put an arm around her, pulling her in tight.
Donovan took a step back and lowered his gaze. “Sorry, I didn’t mean any offense. It’s just that—”
“I know. It’s not your fault,” Lacy said. “You’ve had everything given to you in your big house with your big family. I bet there are lots of giants you could turn to for help. We don’t have anyone like that. It’s just me, Maerk and our dad; that’s our family. We don’t have anyone else.”
“Family is a wonderful and painful thing.” Rall’s deep voice was surprisingly soft and gentle, but with a bit of sorrow as well. “When you are with your family, it’s like a warm hug that never stops.  But when it’s gone, the emptiness inside can be so profound, the sense of loneliness makes your soul ache.”
“Do you have a big family, Rall?” Donovan asked.
The big giant shook his head, the gray tangled braids of his beard swinging back and forth. “My daughters, my wife . . . they’re all gone.” 
It was almost painful to listen to the sorrow in the big giant’s voice. 
“I’m one of the few remaining members of the Carnelian GiantClan.” Rall reached to his chest and wrapped his thick fingers around the yellowish-orange stone hanging around his neck.
“Oh.” Donovan grew quiet. As the silence grew uncomfortable, Donovan spoke. “My family, though wealthy and powerful, isn’t much of a family. Everyone is out to better their own position in GiantSociety. My brothers and sisters, all much older than me, barely know who I am and would never offer me any help.” He sighed. “My father is fond of saying, ‘a Ruby Giant helps himself and doesn’t make excuses for failure. A Ruby Giant knows what they want and takes it.’ He isn’t very forgiving.”
“He sounds nice.” Lacy’s voice dripped with sarcasm.
“I know.” Donovan shrugged. “He’s also fond of telling me what a disappointment I am to the family and the clan.”
“That’s not right.” Maerk curved around a large boulder in the tunnel, Rall just stepping over it. “Why would he say that?”
“You see, I’m not a very good fighter.” Donovan pulled his warhammer out of his sling, the weight of the weapon straining his arms. “He gave me this warhammer and said I’d be an embarrassment to the family until I could go toe-to-toe with any giant, regardless of their size or age.”
“But that’s an adult hammer.” Rall took it in his hand, checking its weight. “It’s too heavy for you.”
“That’s an excuse, and Ruby Giants don’t make excuses; that’s what my father would say.” He glanced at Lacy. “I decided to go with you to prove to him I am worthy of respect, instead of being the disappointment he thinks I am.” Donovan looked up at Rall as he took his hammer and put it back in its sling. “If we don’t come back with the TruthStone, he’ll likely kick me out of the clan and disown me.”
“That’s terrible.” Maerk reached out to the boy, but Donovan took a step back. 
“Ruby Giants don’t need help,” Donovan whispered through clenched teeth, the words spat like poison on his tongue.
No one said anything for a moment, the tense silence difficult to break. 
A noise drifted into the passage. It was soft, barely audible, but sounded like metal scraping against stone.
“It’s them.” Lacy turned away from Donovan and faced the dark tunnel extending out before her.
A soft laugh trickled through the tunnel, a strange metallic click mixed in with the sound. 
“That’s the voice that accused us of the theft.” Maerk’s monotone voice dripped with anger. 
Lacy nodded. 
She started forward, but Rall put a large hand on her shoulder, pulling her back. Lacy looked up at the Protector.
“Lacy, are you sure you can follow their trail?”  Rall’s gray eyes bored down into Lacy’s light browns.
She nodded. “Nothing’s gonna stop me from catching those three criminals.” Lacy glanced at her brother, then back to Rall. “When we recover the TruthStone, the FirstColossus will have to help our family and raise us out of poverty.” She took a step closer. “It’s our only hope. Finding the TruthStone means everything to us, literally.”
The big giant patted her on the shoulder. “Okay, then, lead on.” 
They walked in silence, the rough tunnel likely carved by the original GiantMiners who expanded the GreatCavern hundreds of years ago. The scratch . . . scratch . . . scratch of their quarry beat a constant rhythm, Lacy’s footsteps unconsciously matching its pace. She opened the lantern occasionally, to verify the markings were still there. When she closed the lamp, Lacy and the others relied on the iridescent lichen clinging to the rocky walls to see. The hearty growth gave off a soft green light, painting the tunnel with a gentle emerald brush. Sometimes, when Lacy and Maerk were desperate, they collected the lichen and sold it in the marketplace. But they liked to leave it alone; it had kept them from falling into a hole or off a cliff many times. 
Something dark lay across the path ahead. Lacy stopped and slowly opened the lantern, splashing a sliver of golden light up ahead.
“It’s a ShadowSnake,” she whispered.
“Looks like it’s not moving.” Donovan moved to Lacy’s side. “Is it sleeping?” 
“It might be pretending, just to lure prey up close.” Lacy set the lantern on the ground and pulled the grabber from a pocket in her cloak. Extending the pieces of metal to full length, she held it before her.
“What’s that?” Donovan asked.
“Something I made. I call it a grabber.” She squeezed the end in her hands. The far end, with its pointed jaws closed together, then opened again like the pinchers of a scorpion. “We use it to collect SilkSpider webs without getting bitten.”
“She used it before the celebration to capture one of the spiders, alive.” Pride filled Maerk’s voice.
“Really?” Donovan glanced at Maerk. “What did you do with it.”
“We—”
“Shhh . . . everyone stay back.” Lacy slowly approached the snake, the grabber extended as far as her short arms could manage. She stepped closer, looking for movement, but saw none, which wasn’t unusual. She knew the snake’s tail would shake just before it was about to strike; that tell had saved her many times.
Moving closer and closer, Lacy leaned forward and poked the snake in the side, ready for the tail to shiver and the deadly reptile to strike. But it just rolled onto its side, part of its body crushed. Likely the giants up ahead had killed the animal. What a waste, she thought. 
“Killing just to kill makes no sense.” Lacy retracted the grabber and stuffed it into her pocket again. “They could have let the snake pass by and do nothing. Instead, one of them crushed it with their hammer.” She shook her head in disgust.
“Well?” Maerk asked. 
“It’s dead.”
“Lacy, what about the fangs?” Maerk’s voice rose with anticipation. 
She knelt next to the snake. The unlit torches in her cloak poked her in the side, tearing the fragile cloth slightly. Carefully, she readjusted them without knocking the oil-laden fabric from their ends. 
Lacy reached to the snake and opened its mouth. Two long, white fangs stuck out from its jaw. Lacy pulled out another tool, like a mini-grabber and took hold of a fang, then pulled. It came free. She pulled the second fang loose then glanced over her shoulder at Maerk, who was approaching. “I got ‘em.”
“Yes!”
“Lacy, why are you taking the fangs?” Rall offered her a hand and helped her to her feet. 
She stuffed the fangs into a small pouch and tied it securely. “The healers use the fangs to deliver medicine directly into the blood of sick giants. They bring a good price. A pair of ShadowSnake fangs will let us eat for a day or two.”
Maerk grinned and patted her sister on the back. 
“You’re assuming we catch the thieves and aren’t thrown in prison, or worse.” Donovan stood next to the snake, then kicked it aside.
Lacy glared at him. “Thanks for cheering us up.” She scooped up her warhammer and kept walking, picking up the pace. “We need to catch up to them but keep quiet. We don’t want them knowing we’re here.”
They continued quick and quiet through the dimly-lit passages, the lichen filling every crack with a subtle green glow. Multiple tunnels intersected the one they used, creating an underground maze that could quickly become confusing. Many of these corridors hadn’t been used in years, the SilkSpider webs hanging across the passages attesting to the fact. 
The sound of the metal scratching stone grew louder; they were getting closer. Suddenly, a high-pitched whine mixed with a clicking sound filled the air. 
Lacy glanced at Maerk. “CaveDogs.” She turned to Rall who already had his massive warhammer in his hands, the orange carnelian stone mounted to the side glowing as if lit from within. “Everyone move to the walls and don’t move.”
Maerk and Lacy pressed their backs to one wall, Rall and Donovan opposite them. A pack of CaveDogs moved out of an adjacent tunnel up ahead. They turned into the passage used by Lacy and her companions and headed toward the three thieves. The creatures completely ignored Lacy and her companions, likely the gentle breeze carrying their scent away from the vicious animals. With their long tails scraping the ground, the shaggy creatures moved slowly along the trail of scratch marks, their long, pointed claws clicking and gouging the stone. Clouds of dust floated up into the air, their thick tails flicking it up into the air. 
There were seven CaveDogs in total, each a full-grown adult. The creatures skulked cautiously through the tunnel, searching for rodents or any other prey. A few gobbled the occasional GlowWorm off the wall, their long, black tongues pulling the insects off the wall and into their toothy mouths in the blink of an eye.
“Lacy, what do we do?” Maerk hated CaveDogs. Their claws terrified him, as they did her.
“I don’t know.”
Laughter percolated through the dark passage. Holding up a hand, Lacy stopped and listened. The metallic scratching sound had disappeared. A flickering light then blossomed into life, followed by the smell of meat cooking over an open fire. At the same time, the CaveDogs stopped and just laid across the tunnel, many of them resting their large, lizard-like heads on a companion. They sniffed the air and caught the scent of the meal up ahead, but the voices of the giants were likely enough to discourage them from investigating. The last of beasts moved about in a circle, then settled down, finding a smooth patch of stone. It was clear, the pack was down for the night, as were the thieves. 
“If we can’t get past these CaveDogs,” Lacy whispered, “those giants will get away.”
Maerk reached to his sister and took his hand in hers. “What do you think we should do?”
If we can’t catch the thieves, the FirstColossus will exile us from StoneHold, Lacy thought. We’ll be Forgotten. It was the worst thing that could happen to a giant, even worse than death. Who would take care of Dad? I need to think of something.
The CaveDogs shifted about, one of them swishing its long tail back and forth, creating a small cloud of dust. It drifted through the tunnel, making Lacy want to sneeze. Releasing her brother’s hand, she put her fingers to her nose, stifling the sneeze and wiping the dust from her face. 
If we can’t get past the CaveDogs, we’ll fail, no . . . I will have failed, again, as I did with Mom and Dad.
She took a deep breath, but as usual, it was a strained breath, her guilt suffocating her soul and creating an ache in her chest. Glancing around the tunnel, Lacy took everything in, looking for the solution they desperately needed. But the only thoughts in her head were of all the ways she could fail. If this fails, we’ll become Forgotten. If the CaveDogs attack, Maerk will be killed. If the thieves escape, we’ll . . . poisonous thought after thought filled her mind as she considered what would happen if she failed. It made it impossible to think. She glanced at her brother. 
Maerk gave her a warm smile. “You’ll know what to do. I’m confident you’ll puzzle it out.”
“What?”
“I said—”
Lacy held up a hand, silencing her brother. Puzzle . . . puzzle, the words echoed in her mind, pushing back on her uncertainty. And then her mother’s soothing voice echoed from within the deepest part of her mind. Look at the things and people around you; they’re your puzzle pieces. Her warm voice calmed the fires of doubt and allowed Lacy to think. 
She took a deep breath and glanced around the tunnel. CaveDogs . . . Rall . . . the three kids . . . unlit torches . . . her knife . . . Reaching up, Lacy twirled a lock of hair around her finger as she looked around her. And then suddenly, she saw the solution. 
Stepping away from the wall, Lacy motioned for the other giants to approach.
“What do we do about those . . . things.” Donovan pointed at the CaveDogs. “They scare me.” 
“They should. CaveDogs are a dangerous adversary if you’re not prepared.” Rall’s deep voice grumbled like faraway thunder. He glanced at Lacy. “I hope you aren’t planning on attacking the pack.”
Lacy shook her head, then pulled strands of red hair from her face and smiled. “I have a plan that involves the CaveDogs, but it’s dangerous. We have to work together and if anyone forgets their job, then . . . well, I don’t want to think about what might happen.”
“I have faith in you, Lace,” Her brother said softly. “Tell us what we need to do.” 
She glanced at Rall. The big giant nodded his head, his gray beard bouncing about, the Carnelian stones clinking together. She turned to Donovan. The Ruby Giant glanced at the others, then just shrugged and gave her a nod.
“Okay, here’s what we’re gonna do.” She turned to Rall. “You think you can growl like a gigantic bear?” 
“Shannah WindSinger would say I sound like a Baelath every day,” his gravelly voice deep and intense. 
Lacy smiled and explained her plan, all the while pushing away thoughts of what might happen if they failed. She tried to stay positive, but it was difficult. Her plan was insanely dangerous, and the odds of success were small, but they had no choice. She had to go through with this, regardless of the risk. She just hoped they could pull it off without any of her friends getting killed in the process. 
CHAPTER 12

The pile of reeds crackled in the flames as a woody smell wafted into the air, the breeze flowing through the passage pushing the ribbons of dark smoke into the air. The passage Brakkus and the scavengers were using had opened into a huge cavern, a large underground lake sitting at the center. Streams of water trickled down the walls of the cave and flowed into the lake, outlets somewhere in the stone letting the water leak out, keeping the water level at a constant height. 
Sightless fish swam about in the clear waters, occasionally jumping up into the air, snapping at insects flying just above the surface. The splashes were unnerving in the silent cave. Brakkus kept glancing over his shoulder, expecting to see someone emerging from the lake, his warhammer always close by. 
Micca came back from the lake with another armful of brown reeds in her hands, the thin plants growing along the water’s edge. Each was thin and hollow, making them excellent fuel for the campfire.
Karl moved to a far wall and lifted the fake torso off his shoulders. The scavenger threw it to the ground with a thud, then removed the oversized cloak. “I hate wearing that stupid thing.”
“Well, that stupid thing convinced the inhabitants of StoneHold that you were a giant and not a scavenger.” Brakkus smiled at his ingenuity; it was his idea to use the prosthetics. 
Micca unstrapped the one sitting on her shoulders and also tossed it to the ground as well. “I’m done with it, too.” She dropped her long cloak atop Karl’s, then stretched her arms and back. “Did you have to make them so heavy?” Her voice clicking on every other word, a mechanism mounted to her throat helping her to speak.
“We didn’t want them falling apart while in StoneHold, did we?” Brakkus chuckled. “I’m not sure how the GiantLegion would have reacted if your heads fell off because they were too flimsy.” 
Micca nodded, then gave the giant a grin. 
Brakkus adjusted the skewer of meat hanging over the fire; drops of grease splattered when they hit the hot stones underneath. The meat sizzled as flames licked their surface with flickering orange tongues. 
“Do you have more meat for us?” Karl approached the fire and stared at the succulent meal. 
“Of course not. I told you to steal something to eat from the marketplace. Did you?” The giant raised a bushy eyebrow.
“Well . . . umm . . .”
“Well . . . umm . . . I guess you’re going to be hungry for a while.” Brakkus stood, towering over the scavenger, his ten-foot height making the six-foot-high scavenger look like a child. “Maybe you’ll listen to me, Karl, when I tell you what to do. You should realize that—”
“Excuse me.” Micca stepped in front of Karl with two reeds in her hands, an eyeless fish skewered at the end of each, fins and tail still flapping about. She set them on the ground and smiled a satisfied smile, her decaying, discolored teeth reflecting the light from the dancing flames. 
Brakkus gave her a grunt, then removed his cloak and spread it over a nearby boulder. Reaching into one of the pockets, he withdrew the TruthStone and set it on his cloak.
Micca stepped around the fire and stood next to the giant. “I still don’t understand how this stone will help the ScavengerNation.” 
Brakkus rolled his eyes, his frustration growing. Reaching to the SnowFlake Obsidian stone hanging from his neck, the giant rubbed the speckled black and white rock between his fingers, the feel of it having a calming effect. He looked down at the scavenger, her long black hair tangled and dirty. At places on her head, a pale scalp showed through the thinning forest of black, the ColdHeat having caused her hair to fall out long ago. It was one of the many prices they paid for living in the WasteLands. 
“Micca, if the giants of StoneHold can talk to their ancestors through this stone, then it seems logical that scavengers could do it as well.” He picked up the TruthStone, the pale-yellow lines and curves across brown stone’s surface looking almost like the fancy writing of the Dryads. “Imagine if you could talk to one of the Ancients who lived in Neyyok before the GreatFire. They could reveal the secrets of the many machines in the city that lie dormant. Weapons of war might be hiding in the ruins, just waiting to be found and activated. Maybe there’s technology in the ruins that could finally allow the scavengers to step out of the WasteLands and take their place with the other races as equals. Strength always brings respect, and right now, the ScavengerNation has neither.”
Micca nodded, considering his words. She reached out to take the Stone from Brakkus’s hand, but he quickly clenched his fist. 
“You’ll get it when we reach Neyyok and not before.” The giant glanced at Karl, then back to Micca. “Scavengers have a way of cheating each other whenever it’s profitable. I’m hanging onto the TruthStone until we’re standing before General Boltzmann. Then, and only then, will I turn it over.” 
“How do we know you won’t cheat us?” Micca’s hand slowly inched toward her jagged sword. 
Brakkus’s hand shot out and grabbed her wrist. “Don’t.”
She opened her hand, then pulled it back an inch, flashing the giant a decaying smile. 
“You have my word, and giants of the SnowFlake Obsidian clan always keep their word.” 
She stepped away from the TruthStone and stood next to Karl. Picking up the two skewers, Micca positioned the two fish over the flames, their scales crackling in the heat.
Brakkus glared at the two scavengers, then placed the TruthStone back on the boulder. He sat and pulled his skewer of meat from the fire and ate.
“Okay, I trust you, for now.” Micca sat on the opposite side of the fire and turned the fish over, searing the other side.  
“Good.” Brakkus gave her a nod. “Because if you didn’t, then we’d have a problem and—”
Micca held up a scarred hand, silencing the giant. “Shh, you hear that?” 
“Hear what?” Brakkus reached for his warhammer and pulled it close. 
“I thought I heard a deep growl somewhere back in the tunnels.” 
“A deep growl? Was it . . . a Baelath?” Karl's voice cracked with fear, but he always sounded scared.
“I hope not.” Brakkus backed away from the fire and wiped the grease from his hands, then picked up his warhammer, the speckled black and white stone mounted to the weapon’s head sparkling in the firelight. 
Scratching sounds floated through the tunnel, getting louder and louder. 
“What’s that noise?" The scavengers stood up, staring into the tunnel. 
Karl drew his steel sword, the edge chipped and rusted. He faced the tunnel and readied himself for battle, Micca doing the same. 
The scratching sound grew louder, as did the deep-throated growls. 
Suddenly, snarling CaveDogs burst out of the tunnel and into the chamber, their long, razor-sharp claws digging into the granite. Long, heavy tails swished back and forth nervously as they charged into the cave, each CaveDog whining as if terrified. Deep growls floated out of the tunnel, driving the animals forward.
“CaveDogs!” Micca screamed as she moved to the side and pressed her back against the wall. 
Karl drew his sword and swung at one of the creatures, hitting it in the shoulder, the creature’s tough hide protecting it from a lethal blow and just taking a glancing wound. The CaveDog snapped at deGraff, swiping at him with a clawed paw, the nails cutting through his clothes and digging into flesh. The scavenger shouted in pain.
Suddenly, a torch flew into the chamber, the end sputtering and putting out dark smoke. Another sailed through the air and landed on the ground, both torches struggling to burn. A damp cloth was wrapped around the end of each, suffocating the flames and making it difficult for the torch to fully burn. Smoke billowed from the torches, filling the chamber and making it difficult to see. 
Suddenly, a figure ran into the chamber, moving through the smoke like a ghostly specter. The person dashed to the boulder near the Forgotten just as more figures entered, the largest of them growling like a Baelath. The CaveDogs scattered throughout the chamber, running from the sound. Through the haze, Brakkus recognized the growling form. It was the giant who reported him as a coward, getting him exiled—Rall. 
Gripping his warhammer tight, he charged at the giant but collided with a smaller figure, a boy in brightly-colored clothes, shining rubies standing out like crimson beacons. Grabbing the boy by the collar, he glanced around the chamber, looking for his enemy, but the huge giant and his companions had vanished.
"Check the Stone . . . fast," Brakkus coughed, the smoke making it difficult to breathe. 
A few CaveDogs still milled about. Karl used his sword and fell upon the creatures, then picked up a torch and waved it at the remaining animals. The CaveDogs, smelling the blood of their fallen comrades, turned and fled. Setting the torches on the ground, Karl stomped on them, extinguishing the flames. 
“The Stone is gone,” Micca shouted, fury in her voice. “They took it. Who were they?” 
Brakkus dragged his prisoner to Micca and glanced at the boulder where the stone had sat. It was gone.
“Check the ground.” The giant glanced at Micca, then cast his eyes down, searching for the Stone. It was gone. 
“Who were they?” Karl asked. “How did they know we were here?”
“I know one of them, but how many more they had, I can’t be sure.” Brakkus gripped the collar of his prisoner’s cloak and shook it, the bright red gems sewn into the garment sparkling. “But I bet our little friend here is going to tell us, aren’t you?” Brakkus grabbed the boy by the arm and hoisted him to his feet, then shoved him against the cavern wall. He placed his massive warhammer against the boy’s chest and pressed, making it difficult for Donovan to breathe. “Now, tell me who you are, and who is following us. Be quick about it if you want to live.”
CHAPTER 13

Lacy gripped the oaken handle tightly, nervous sweat coating her palms, making the shaft slippery. Next to her stood Maerk, his body shaking as much as hers. They both crouched behind a large boulder waiting for the thieves to mount a counterattack. 
“Rall . . . where are they,” Lacy whispered. 
The big giant stood on the other side of the passage, the carnelian stone mounted on his warhammer giving off a soft orange glow, the tiny GlowStone chip mounted beneath, making its presence known. Rall turned the hammer around, pressing the glowing stone to his chest and blocking off the light. With his free hand, he rubbed the luminous lichen on the wall around his position, causing it to flake off and fall to the ground, extinguishing its emerald glow. Glancing at Lacy, Rall motioned her to do that same, allowing the darkness to wrap around them like shadowy armor. 
“I’m not sure,” Rall’s soft, scratchy voice difficult to hear. “I would have thought they’d attack by now.”
“Did you see the skinny two? They weren’t giants, were they?”
Rall shook his head.
“What were they?” Maerk asked.
“Scavengers from the WasteLands.” Rall stroked his long, gray beard. “Since the end of the LongNight a year ago, the GiantScouts have reported seeing them out on the plains, lurking about.” 
Lacy glanced at her brother, both of them confused. “What are Scavengers?” 
“Scavengers are a sorry excuse for an intelligent creature. They live in the poisonous WasteLands, a place where the ColdHeat leftover from the GreatFire still clings to the land. Did you see those mechanical things stuck to their bodies?” 
Lacy and Maerk both nodded. 
“They attach strange technology to their bodies to stay alive. If they don’t, the ColdHeat will eventually kill them.” 
“But, I thought technology was forbidden?” Maerk asked. 
Rall nodded. “It is. That’s why we won’t let them come out of the WasteLands and into the healthy parts of Phoenix, because of their unwillingness to give up their technology and live in harmony with the land. The scavengers won’t—” 
“Wait a minute. Where’s Donovan?” Lacy glanced about, looking for the boy. 
“Donovan!” Maerk shouted. 
“Shhh . . . you’ll give our position away to the scavengers.” Lacy put a hand to her brother’s mouth.
“You kids stay here. I’ll look around.” Rall turned and disappeared into the dim tunnel, the glow from the carnelian stone on his warhammer bobbing about until the darkness swallowed it. 
“I hope Donovan’s okay; did you see what happened to him?” Maerk’s voice trembled a little. 
“I'm not sure. It was so chaotic during the attack that I lost track of him.” Lacy tasted blood in her mouth; she’d bitten the inside of her cheek. Unclenching her teeth, she glanced at her brother. “At first, Donovan was on the right side of the tunnel, chasing the scared CaveDogs while I ran along the left wall. When the smoke started filling the chamber, I dashed in and found the TruthStone sitting on a large boulder. I just grabbed it and ran. It was too smoky for me to see anything on the other side of the cavern. What about you?” 
“I saw Donovan near the front of the stampede, pushing the lead CaveDog with the handle of his warhammer. I told him to stay back, but for some reason, he said he had to be at the front.”    
The pounding of footsteps filled the passage. A tiny orange glow, like the singular eye of some ethereal demon, floated in the darkness, bobbing up and down as it neared. Lacy squeezed the handle of her weapon tight, ready to attack. But then, Rall emerged from the shadows, the long gray braids of his beard swaying back and forth, eyes cast to the ground. “He's gone, and the scavengers deserted their camp. They must have taken him.” 
“What?!” Lacy dashed through the tunnel, her weapon held tight. Shouts of warning bounced off the walls of the tunnel; she knew they were from Maerk and Rall, but Lacy ignored them. 
Running into the vast chamber, she readied herself for an attack, but of course, there was none. The campfire still burned, though the flames had dwindled, hungry for more reeds. Her torches lay on the ground where they landed, boot prints showing they’d been stomped on and extinguished. Scratch marks from CaveDog claws marked the battle, with pools of black blood here and there; CaveDog blood. At least it wasn’t from Donovan. 
She breathed a sigh of relief. 
A fish leaped into the air and splashed back down on the surface of the lake, startling her. She spun around, ready for some watery beast to charge out of the lake. Another fish leaped into the air, snapping at a lone moth. It caught the blind insect and carried it back down into the water, ripples stretching out across the lake. Footsteps echoed from the passage. Lacy turned, nerves stretched to their limit, ready to fight, but it was just Maerk and Rall emerging from the tunnel. 
“I told you to wait for us,” Rall chided, his thick, gray eyebrows furled in an angry scowl. 
Lacy glanced at the huge giant. “Sorry, I was so worried about Donovan, I guess I wasn’t listening.”
“Well, next time, listen!” He glared at her, but she returned the look with a worried gaze. 
Slowly, the Protector’s brow softened as a sympathetic grin peeked through the forest of gray hairs covering his face. 
Another eyeless fish jumped into the air, catching a buzzing insect in its mouth, then falling back into its watery abode. Lacy stepped to the water’s edge and gazed into the clear waters. Reaching down, she grabbed one of the dry reeds and examined it. It was hollow inside, the opening within the reed extremely small. She stuffed the reed into her pocket, then turned to Rall. 
“How do we find Donovan?” Lacy asked.
“We need first to figure out what happened to him.” Rall pointed at the ground. “Look at the blood on the ground, it’s black.”
“That’s CaveDog blood.” Maerk stepped around a small puddle, then followed a smeared trail across the ground. “It looks as if they dragged the CaveDog toward those tunnels.” He pointed to the far wall of the cavern. Five tunnels pierced the side of the cave. “They could have taken Donovan into any of those tunnels, but we don’t know which.”
“Can’t you just follow the blood trail on the ground?” Lacy asked.
Maerk shook his head. “The trail stops right here.” He moved a few steps closer to the wall. “It’s as if they picked up the carcass and carried it, so we wouldn’t know which tunnel they used.”
“Why would they do that?” Lacy reached up and twirled a lock of hair around her finger, thinking. 
“They did it to buy time.” Rall moved closer to the tunnels, turning his head to listen. “We can’t go after them until they contact us.”
Lacy moved to Rall’s side and listened, hoping to catch the metallic scraping sound. She scanned the ground but found no markings; they had figured out how Lacy and her companions had been following them. 
“You stole something that doesn’t belong to you,” a deep voice said from the darkness. “That wasn’t very nice.” 
Rall moved to one tunnel while Maerk and Lacy chose others, trying to figure out from where the sound came.  
“The TruthStone doesn’t belong to you; it belongs to StoneHold.” Rall’s booming voice echoed through all the passages. 
“It did, but we stole it, and we want it back.” The voice paused for a moment. “You have a decision to make. Either bring us the TruthStone, or this fancy-dressed giant dies.”
A scream cut through the dark tunnel, agony filling the young voice. 
“That’s Donovan.” Maerk charged toward one of the passages, but Rall grabbed the boy’s arm and yanked him back. 
Lacy pointed to the right-most passage, then took a step into the darkness and listened.
“Why should we trust that you’ll release our friend?” Anger filled Lacy’s words as she yelled into the passage, her fists clenched around the haft of her weapon. 
“It seems you have no choice. You bring the Stone, and we will give you the boy.” 
Donovan screamed again.
“Stop hurting him!” Lacy took a step into the tunnel, but Rall held her back. The huge giant wrapped his arms around her, holding her tight. 
“It’s okay,” he whispered, his deep voice like a warm hug. 
Lacy stopped trying to escape his grip and calmed down. Rall released her and gave her a gentle pat on the back. 
“How will we find you?” Rall asked. “There are multiple tunnels here.”
“I can tell from the sound of your voice, you’ve already figured out which one we used.” The voice chuckled. “Pretty smart for a useless old giant.”
Rall tensed. 
“Go in about twenty paces, and you’ll see a blood trail on the ground. Follow the blood to the boy. If we suspect you’re trying to trick us, we’ll stop the trail and do something nasty to fancy-pants here. You understand?” The voice sounded smug.
“Yeah,” Rall said.
“I didn’t hear you?” the voice demanded.
“Yes, we understand.” Rall glanced at his companions. They both nodded. 
“Good, start walking, but don’t run. If you run, your shiny giant, with his fancy clothes and polished rubies, dies. If you veer from the path we’re giving you, he dies. If you do anything that I find vexing or bothersome, he dies. Now, go.”
Rall glanced at his companions and motioned them to come near. 
“Well?” Rall glanced down at Lacy, his whispered voice difficult to hear. “What do you want to do?”
“We have to make the trade, of course.” Lacy glared up at the giant. “We can’t abandon Donovan.”
Rall shrugged. “You know, you could take the TruthStone back to the FirstColossus, and it would prove your innocence.” 
“Is that what you would do?” 
“I’m not talking about what I’d do. I’m just saying, you have what you came for. You could leave now. StoneHold would herald you two as heroes.” 
Lacy glanced at Maerk, the siblings shaking their heads. 
“Our parents didn’t raise us like that,” Lacy said. “They taught us that whenever you have the opportunity to help someone, you do it, without being asked, because that’s the right thing to do. We can’t leave Donovan with the scavengers and that terrible giant; we have to help him.” 
“Even if it means being labeled a traitor and getting exiled from StoneHold.” Rall stopped stomping the ground and stared at the two kids.
She glanced at Maerk. Her brother nodded, just as she knew he would.
Lacy shrugged. “We have no choice.”
“OK, we’ll make a trade, the Stone for our friend.” Rall put a hand on each of their shoulders, patting them affectionately. “Your parents and your clan would be proud of you.”
“Let’s get moving.” Lacy moved to the passage, then glanced over her shoulder at her companions. “Maybe we can save Donovan and save the TruthStone at the same time.” 
Rall nodded. “Maybe we can.”
They headed into the darkness, the green glow from the lichen clinging to the walls giving them just enough light to see. As they walked, Lacy thought about what Donovan must be going through. He was all alone and in pain. It could have easily been Maerk instead. Lacy shuddered at the thought. 
My plan got Donovan captured; I knew I’d mess this up, somehow.  Everything I try fails, as usual, but other people are getting hurt. I should have been the one captured. 
She clenched her teeth and winced when her molars found soft tissue. The sour taste of blood spread across her tongue as the inside of her cheek bled again. Thoughts of how she might fail flooded her mind, a tidal wave of uncertainty threatening to drown her soul. 
Suddenly, a hand settled itself on her shoulder. Lacy turned and found Maerk smiling at her. Another hand, this one much larger found its way to her other side. Rall stared down at her, compassion in his warm, gray eyes. She knew they both had faith in her. If only she had any for herself.
CHAPTER 14
Nath Hammerfist, Captain of the CaveHunters
Diary entry, year 107 PGF

We hunt the tunnels and caves under the GreatCavern, looking for food. Some of the mushrooms and molds are edible, while some are poisonous. That had been a painful lesson for some. The animals down there seem to have poor eyesight, but incredible hearing and sense of smell. They’ve proven difficult to approach without being detected. 
At first, swords and arrows could bring down the subterranean animals, but as the cold radiation continues to mutate them, their hides become tougher and difficult to pierce. The CaveHunters now use large hammers instead of blades to kill their prey, the bigger the hammer, the more effective.
But many are concerned about the animals mutating in the dark. Recently, we lost a group of Hunters. Markings on the tunnel floor suggesting a huge beast carried them off. They were our strongest and most skilled warriors . . . how is this possible? There is something new lurking in the darkness under the GreatCavern, something that strikes fear into the bravest of Hunters. No one has seen these creatures and lived, but those who hear its bellowing roar are calling them Baelaths, an ancient word from some ancient language. I hope no one else will come face-to-face with a Baelath; it will mean certain death.

The voice of their enemy floated through the passage on wings of malice, every word dripping with cruelty and spite. 
“I can hear your footsteps,” the deep, ethereal voice said. “You aren’t moving fast enough. I’m wondering if you’re up to something.”
The sound of Donovan’s screams pierced Lacy’s soul like a rusty knife through soft flesh. She clenched her jaw, keeping herself from begging them to stop. It wouldn’t help; she tried it earlier, but all it did was make the giant and scavengers laugh, encouraging them to torture Donovan again. 
Lacy glanced at her companions. “Come on; let’s run.” 
They ran through the dim passage, the trail of dark blood before them barely visible in the soft glow of the lichen. Occasionally, the smears of blood disappeared, making Lacy nervous, but they always returned a few yards ahead. 
A cool breeze wafted down the stony corridor carrying with it the scent of fresh air. 
Lacy glanced at Rall. “You think they’re near the exit?” 
The big giant shook his head. “We’re still deep underground. You don’t need to worry; their exit is still far away.”
“Good.” Lacy wiped the sweat from her brow even though a perpetual chill clung to the underground passage. “We need to exchange the Stone for Donovan before they escape these tunnels. We’re his only hope.” She reached into a pocket and withdrew the TruthStone, its pale-yellow curves, and swirls, and jagged lines standing out like an elaborate work of art on the surface of the brown stone. 
“And then what?” Rall asked. “You give them the Stone, and hopefully they release Donovan, then what do you do?”
“I don’t know.” Lacy glanced at her brother. 
Maerk shrugged.
“I guess I didn’t think past saving Donovan.” She swerved around a stalagmite, slowing for a moment, then continued her pace. 
“You could turn yourselves in,” Rall said, his voice low so it wouldn’t carry. “I could speak on your behalf, but I’m not sure the GiantCouncil will listen to me. I’m just a useless old giant who was tucked away in the Chamber of the Fathers. No one will listen to me.”
“But I thought you were famous.” Maerk moved to his side, his two paces matching one of Rall’s.
“Yeah, I was famous.” He looked down at the boy. “I was Named; did you know that?” 
“You were Named?” Maerk’s eyes grew wide with surprise. 
Giants who performed heroic acts were given a new name to commemorate the event. Few giants are ever Named; it is the highest honor a giant can receive.
“Why were you named?” Lacy asked. She was glad the conversation had shifted to Rall.
“There was an attack of ShadowBeasts many, many years ago. A pack of eight Beasts, I think it was eight, maybe more . . . anyway, they charged up the Giant’s Causeway and tried to get into the GreatCavern.”
“Oh no,” Lacy said, shocked. “If they’d gotten into StoneHold, they could have killed a lot of giants.”
Rall nodded, then ducked as the tunnel became shorter. When the passage opened up again, he stood to his full height. “I was in charge of a GiantLegion squad. We were guarding the entrance to StoneHold when the Beasts attacked.”
“A squad, so there were only six of you?” Maerk asked.
“That’s correct.” 
“And there were eight ShadowBeasts?”
Rall shrugged. “About that many, maybe more. I can’t be sure; it was at least twenty years ago, and my memory has lost a step or two over the years.” He stepped over a large stone, Lacy, and Maerk having to go around. “Anyway, the monsters attacked, catching us by surprise. Five of my squad were injured right away. It fell upon me to protect the fallen giants until help could arrive.” An angry scowl creased his face, and he grew quiet, his entire body tensed with rage.
“What is it?” Lacy slowed the pace, hoping to catch her breath. 
“Another giant happened to show up and helped with the battle. But when he saw the other Legionnaires fall, and the odds were against us, he left, leaving me to fight them on my own.” Rall’s words came out like the hiss of a snake, the words leaking out from between clenched teeth.
“What do you mean?” Maerk asked.
“I mean that cowardly giant ran away!” Rall’s voice echoed off the rough, granite walls. “He said we couldn’t win this battle and tried to convince me to abandon the wounded giants.”
“No, he wouldn’t.” Lacy couldn’t believe it.
Rall nodded. “When I refused, he just took off. I was furious. By hammer and stone, my rage gave me the strength of ten giants. I drove the ShadowBeasts back, keeping my comrades alive until more of the GiantLegion arrived to help.” He glanced at Lacy. “One of the ShadowBeasts found my shoulder with its poisonous claws.” 
Lacy glanced at the four deep gouges in his shoulder, the wounds still looking fresh. She cringed.
“Wounds from a ShadowBeast’s claws never fully heal. I’ve felt the pain of that battle every day of my life since.” His scowl returned. “It reminds me of that coward the GiantCouncil exiled.”
“So, your name, Rall ShadowCrusher?” Maerk glanced up at the hulking giant. 
“Rall was my father’s name; I kept that, but ShadowCrusher was in honor of me fighting off that pack of monsters.” His knuckles popped as he clenched his fists. “Not all the giants were as lucky as I. Many of the wounded men in my squad later died, their wounds becoming infected days later.” 
He pounded the cave wall, unable to control his rage. Rall took a deep, calming breath. “But as I grew older, the GiantCouncil didn’t know what to do with me. They never let me go out on patrols or fight in any of the battles with the Scavengers, saying I was a national treasure, much like the TruthStone. They kept me nice and safe while others suffered protecting the GiantNation.” His voice grew bitter. 
Rall stopped walking and turned to his companions, an expression of sorrow on his aged face. “The looks of admiration soon changed to stares of accusation. Why did I get to be safe while others sacrificed their lives? I felt ashamed but had given my word to the GiantCouncil that I’d stay out of combat.” He shook his head in disgust. “I think they came to regret our bargain, as did I. I’d become useless, a giant too old for battle and too young for death. I was a giant without a purpose, just a drain on GiantSociety.” 
“You’re not useless, Rall.” Maerk put a hand on his huge, muscular arm. 
“Yeah,” Lacy added. “That’s not true at all.” 
“Truth is about perception. Other giants perceive me now as an oddity, someone who was famous once, but they don’t know why, not anymore. I’m like a statue of an unknown Father. People look at me these days but have no idea who I am or why I should be respected, so they don’t. What they see is a giant who’s like a warhammer with no handle—worthless.”
“It doesn’t matter what other people think.” Lacy’s words had a hard edge as if daring him to disagree.
“You’re right, Lacy. It doesn’t matter what those other giants think about me. It only matters what I think.” He leaned closer to her. “The problem is, I agree with them. I’m a useless old giant who missed his chance at a glorious death, and now must linger until I’m so weak, I can’t even hold my own warhammer.”
Rall turned and looked away.
“That’s why you came with us, isn’t it?” Lacy asked. “You didn’t come to find the TruthStone. You came to find your death, didn’t you? Tell me the truth.” She glared at the giant, poking his back with an angry finger. “The SapphireStone says, ‘A giant only speaks the truth. A giant who is false in word or deed does not remember the names of their Fathers.’ Tell me this, Rall ShadowCrusher, do you remember the names of your Fathers?”
Rall turned and faced Lacy, his eyes moist. He nodded, then looked away again.
“No . . . we won’t let it happen.” Maerk grabbed Rall’s arm and tried to spin him around to face them, but it was like trying to move a mountain; the giant was too heavy to budge. 
“It’s not up to you to let happen or not. This is my decision. A giant without a purpose is not a giant.” Rall sighed, then turned to his companions. “I’m tired of being empty inside. I’ll help you save Donovan and maybe get the TruthStone back as well, but that’s all I’m willing to promise. The word of a Carnelian giant is like hardened steel; it’s unbreakable.” He wiped his eyes dry. “We’re done talking about this.”
The huge giant turned and continued walking through the tunnel, following the blood trail on the ground. 
Maerk stared at Lacy, shocked. “We have to do something.” 
“I know, it’s just . . . we can’t make Rall want to live.” Lacy reached out and took her brother’s hand. “But we’ll do what we can.” She smiled at him, but Lacy could tell it wasn’t very convincing. Maerk still looked scared for their new friend. “Come on. We need to save Donovan first, then we’ll help Rall, if we can.”
Maerk nodded, then followed Rall, leaving his sister there alone. 
“I just hope there’s someone around to help us,” she whispered to herself. 
And as the icy fingers of dread wrapped themselves around Lacy, she shuddered, then followed her brother, hopelessness seeping into her soul. 
CHAPTER 15

An uneasy silence spread across the three companions, the tension like fabric stretched too tight and about to rip. Lacy searched for something to say to let Rall know he wasn’t a useless old giant, but the Protector had already convinced himself of the fact. 
He was the first giant to show her and Maerk any kindness, and she couldn’t bear to consider his death. But Rall seemed intent to find that end for himself. Nothing she could say would change that. 
“I hear you’re getting closer,” the cruel voice said, the words echoing off the dank walls. 
“Donovan better be okay when we reach you or else,” Lacy shouted, her frustration with Rall, and Donovan, and the entire situation getting the best of her. 
“Shhh, don’t give him more information than he needs.” Rall glanced over his shoulder at the girl. “This giant is clever. He’ll use your words against you if he can.”
She nodded and was about to speak, but Rall turned away and kept trudging forward. Lacy sighed, a profound sadness crawling across her soul. Rall ShadowCrusher is a great giant. He isn’t useless. There must be some way to get him to realize it. But she couldn’t think of anything to say or do that might help.
“Look, it’s getting brighter up ahead.” Rall slowed. He pulled his warhammer from its sling and gripped it tight with both hands, his knuckles turning white. He glanced at Lacy and Maerk. “Be ready. I can smell fresh air up ahead and see a lot of light. They could be planning an ambush.”
Maerk glanced at his sister, fear etched into his face. He looked down at his warhammer, then gazed at the polished metallic head of Rall’s weapon. Their hammers appeared as toys compared to Protector’s warhammer, but their rusted and cracked hammers were all they had.
“Remember the training you received in school,” Rall said with a soft voice. “Stand your ground. Confidence can overcome an opponent and turn their courage to dust. Keep eye contact with them, and when it comes time to fight, aim for their chest. A solid hammer blow to the chest can end a fight if done right.”
Lacy and Maerk both nodded as if they understood, but the fact was, they never received any training. When their mother died and their father turned ill, the two kids dropped out of school to hunt in the tunnels under StoneHold; they never received any combat training. Their warhammers were made for younger adolescents, something more akin to a toy than a weapon. They were lightweight and had short handles, the metallic heads in terrible condition. 
Lacy glanced at her brother. What if I fall in battle? Maerk could get hurt. Somehow, I have to keep him safe. It’s my responsibility. 
They walked into the brightening passage, the light nearly blinding the trio. Lacy halted for a moment and held her hammer out, stopping her companions, allowing her eyes to adjust to the dazzling illumination. Once she could see again, the trio moved cautiously to the end of the tunnel, the passage spilling them into a large cavern. 
Lacy took in her surroundings, her mouth agape in shock. The rocky ceiling high overhead was cracked open, a jagged wound slicing through the cavern’s roof. A blue sky peeked through the opening, the sapphire tapestry getting blocked now and then by dark clouds. Staring up at the tiny sliver of sky, Lacy found the amazing color almost mesmerizing. For nearly all of her life, the sky had been black, the LongNight depriving the inhabitants of Phoenix of this glorious sight. Now, Lacy could hardly pull her eyes from the beautiful spectacle.
Across the stony ceiling, huge deposits of GlowStone decorated the roof, some of the precious minerals even found near the floor. A thick vein stretched across the wall behind them, the light casting a golden hue on everything. The GlowStone deposits were beyond anything Lacy ever imagined possible.
Tearing herself from the precious deposits, Lacy brought her attention to the ground. The blood trail led into a large flat area in the cavern, a pool of black blood spreading across the ground. Multiple tunnels pierced the cave wall behind her, each with the same blood trail they’d been following, the crimson streaks all leading to the dark puddle. Across the center of the cavern, a deep crevasse stretched from wall to wall, slicing the cave in half, the width of the fissure at least ten feet, impossible to jump across. Debris lay scattered on the other side of the gap: wide pieces of wood, iron rails, rotting signs . . . They were remnants of the world before the GreatFire. 
“The Ancients must have built something in this cavern long ago,” Rall pointed at the planks of wood and long metal rails on the cavern floor. 
“The GreatFire probably caused that crack overhead.” Maerk looked up. “I bet the flames came through the opening and destroyed whatever was here.”
“That’s interesting, but what do we do now?” Lacy stepped to the edge of the fissure and peered down. The walls of the crevasse were sheer, and the bottom cloaked in darkness. The other side of the abyss was too far away to jump across; they could go no further. 
Lacy stepped away from the precipice, then turned in a circle, searching for Donovan. But they were alone except for a nest of SilkSpiders, the creatures crawling about across their shining web stretching from ceiling to floor on the left side of the cavern.
“We’re here! Where’s our friend?” Lacy shouted, her voice floating to the distant walls, then came back to her a few seconds later. 
Laughter floated from a dark passage on the other side of the cave. A giant stepped into the brightly lit chamber, his warhammer over his shoulder. 
“Brakkus,” hissed Rall, his teeth clenched in rage. He glanced at Lacy. “He’s the one who left me to fight the ShadowBeasts alone. He’s the coward, a Forgotten.”
“Rall, so good to see you again.” The Forgotten gave the Protector a sarcastic smile. “I have a score to settle with you. Unfortunately, that fissure separates us.” Brakkus chuckled. “Maybe you’ll try to jump across and fight me.”
Rall stared at the fissure, then back to Brakkus, his face red with fury. “You’ve proven your cowardice once already, but I see you’re showing it again.” He took a step forward, his toes hanging over the edge of the abyss. “We were right to exile you. You’re a Forgotten, a giant without a clan and without any honor. You’ve forgotten the names of your Father.”
It was the greatest insult a giant could fling at another. Brakkus pulled his warhammer off his shoulder and gripped the IronWood staff tight. 
“Where’s the boy, Forgotten?” Rall stepped back from the sheer drop and moved next to Lacy and Maerk. 
Two scavengers stepped out of the passage with Donovan held between them, his warhammer in its sling on his back, the Ruby Giant slightly taller than the two adults. The taller of the two scavengers, a balding man with sores speckled across his arms and face, held a long, jagged knife to Donovan’s throat.
“Show me the Stone.” Brakkus pointed at Rall.
The Protector glanced down at Lacy and nodded.
She reached into her cloak and pulled the Stone out, holding it high in the air. 
“Toss it to me, and we’ll let the boy go.” Brakkus scowled at Lacy. “Do it now, brat.” 
Lacy glanced at Donovan, then back to the Forgotten, remaining motionless.
“Didn’t you hear what I said, runt.” He slowed his words as if she couldn’t understand. 
“T h r o w   t h e   S t o n e   t o   m e.” 
Brakkus glanced at the scavengers. The woman grabbed a handful of Donovan’s hair and yanked his head back, exposing his throat. Donovan screamed in pain and fear. “Do it NOW!”
The giant’s voice boomed through the cavern, echoing multiple times.
Donovan whimpered, his terrified eyes glancing from Rall to Lacy to Maerk.
What do I do? If I give them the TruthStone, they’ll probably kill Donovan. But if I do nothing, they’ll kill him for sure. Uncertainty wrapped its clammy hand around her soul and squeezed. I can’t fail him . . . but I always fail someone. She glanced at Maerk, knowing what it would mean if she surrenders the Stone. 
“Are you stupid, TreeAgate.” Brakkus took a step toward the fissure, then slammed his warhammer to the ground. The cave shook as did Lacy. “Give me the stone or I’ll kill this puny Ruby Giant, then I’ll come over there and take it, but only after I kill your two pathetic friends while making you watch the whole thing. Now do it!”
“No, you won’t,” she hissed. “You won’t hurt any of my friends.” All her frustration and anger at their situation, her failures with Maerk, her guilt at not being able to take her father to the healer because they were poor, everything about their horrible lives seemed to focus on her all at once and was blasted away by pure rage. “You’re just another bully picking on us because you can.” 
“What did you say, brat?” 
Her words were too soft; only meant for her ears. 
“People insult us, call us names, pick on us, and take advantage of us just because they can.” The rage turned to fury. She clenched the oaken handle of her warhammer tight, her knuckles popping as she squeezed. “I won’t be stepped on anymore.” 
Lacy moved up to the edge of the precipice and held the Stone out over the sheer drop.
“Lacy, what are you doing?” Maerk asked. 
She ignored her brother. Her eyes were fixed on Brakkus, daring him to insult her again. “Pull the knife away from his throat, or I drop it.”
“If you do that, he’s dead,” the scavenger said.
“If I throw the TruthStone to you, he’s dead anyway.” Lacy glanced at Donovan. The boy shook uncontrollably. “You, scavenger.” Lacy pointed to the woman. “Drag that board across the crevasse so our friend can walk across.” 
She glanced at Brakkus. The Forgotten nodded. Releasing the grip on Donovan’s hair, she moved to the board and shoved it across the ground until the end reached Lacy’s side. The woman drew her jagged sword and pointed it at Lacy, then glanced at Brakkus. 
“How do we do the trade?” Micca asked. 
Brakkus glanced at Lacy, then brought his gaze back to Rall. “If you give your word, Rall, that you’ll give us the Stone, I’ll send the boy across.”
“Are you crazy?” Karl said. “You can’t trust them.” 
Brakkus lifted his warhammer off the ground, then slammed it on the ground. Thunder filled the cavern. The Forgotten turned to Karl. “I don’t expect you to understand it, but Carnelian giants always keeps their word. It’s a question of honor, something you scavengers lack. If they say they’ll do something, then they must.”
“SapphireStone,” Lacy whispered.
Brakkus nodded. “Well, Rall, do you agree?”
The Protector glanced at Donovan. The scavenger pressed the blade against the boy’s throat. A tiny drop of blood formed on his skin, then trickled down his neck, disappearing under his expensive cloak. 
“Okay,” Rall said, his deep, rumbling voice lacked the ring of confidence. 
Lacy glanced at the huge giant.
Rall nodded and gestured for her to come to his side. Lacy stepped away from the sheer drop and moved to the Protector's side, handing him the Stone. 
“Send him across,” Rall commanded. “When he’s safely across, I’ll toss the TruthStone to you.”
Brakkus smiled. “I loved the fact that you’re the one who will be giving away StoneHold’s treasure.” He chuckled. “Who’s the traitor now?”
Rall scowled, his hand squeezing the TruthStone in frustration. 
The scavenger released Donovan, but walked right behind him, his rusted blade pressed against the back of his neck. 
“Walk slow, boy, or I’ll remove your head from your shoulders.” Karl poked the back of his neck, making Donovan wince.
Donovan moved forward at a slow, steady pace. When he reached the planks of wood, he stopped and stared into the abyss. Giants were typically afraid of heights, and Donovan looked petrified.
Lacy quickly moved to the other side of the plank and stared straight at Donovan. “Just look at me and walk across. It’s no big deal.”
“But, I’m afraid.”
“No, you’re not. You’re a giant of the Ruby Clan. Walking across this board is nothing. You can do it; just keep looking at me.” She stepped onto the board and lowered her voice so only Donovan could hear. “Just think of what your father will say when he hears you walked across this abyss.”
Donovan tore his gaze from the perilous drop and focused it on Lacy’s eyes. He gave her a nod, then walked cautiously across, his eyes never wavering from hers. When he was across, the scavenger grabbed the plank of wood and pulled it back to their side of the abyss, leaving Lacy and her friends stranded.
Lacy wrapped her arms around Donovan and hugged him, then led him away from the chasm, moving to Rall’s side.
“Now, the Stone.” Brakkus held his hand toward Rall. 
The Carnelian giant stepped forward, an expression of profound sadness etched into his aged face. He tossed the Stone to his enemy, Brakkus snatching it out of the air. 
“Why thank you, Rall ShadowCrusher, I heard you’d been Named for your foolishness at the Giant’s Causeway.” He gave the Protector a sarcastic smile. “If there are any other ancient heirlooms from StoneHold you would like to give me, please feel free.” The Forgotten laughed, then glanced at his companions and nodded. 
“Donovan, are you okay?” Lacy checked his neck, the wound there only a scratch. 
The two scavengers retreated to the tunnels, then returned, each dragging the carcass of a CaveDog behind them. They pulled the dead animals to Brakkus’s feet, then cast Lacy and her companions hideous smiles. 
Brakkus set his warhammer on the ground. Reaching down, he picked up one of the CaveDogs and stepped to the edge of the abyss. Swinging the body once, then again, then he tossed it across the gap, the dead animal landing with a splat at Rall’s feet. Grabbing the second body, he threw it like the first, the carcass tumbling across the ground until it came to a stop near Lacy.
“What are they doing?” Lacy asked.
“They carried those with them after they captured me.” Donovan glanced up at Rall. “They have some kind of plan.”
Just then, the scavenger pulled a handful of claws from a pocket—CaveDog claws. He knelt and scratched at the ground, the sharp claws making a surprisingly loud sound. Micca whined, imitating the animals as she too scraped at the ground with a set of claws. Brakkus placed the TruthStone in a pocket, then sat on a nearby boulder and smiled.
“What are you up to, Forgotten?” Rall glared at Brakkus. “You have what you want. Just go.”
“Not yet, Rall. I still have a debt to claim, and you and your little friends are going to pay it.” He glanced at the two scavengers. “Louder.”
They scratched at the ground faster, both of them now whining. To Lacy, they sounded like a pack of CaveDogs. But why would they do that?
The ground shook as something like thunder rumbled out of a nearby tunnel. Lacy moved to the passage and listened. Massive footprints made the ground shake ever so slightly. She glanced at Rall and shrugged, confused. 
The strange rumbling sound returned, this time louder and easy to recognize. 
Lacy’s heartbeat instantly sped up, her pulse pounding in her ears like an angry drum. Her mouth, suddenly bone-dry, made it difficult to swallow. She wiped at beads of sweat trickling down her face, stinging her eyes. Glancing at Rall, Lacy spoke a single, terrifying word. 
“Baelath.” 
A roar came from one of the tunnels, the sound shaking the cave, causing dust to fall from the walls, making it difficult to breathe. 
“It probably . . . smells the blood.” Maerk’s voice cracked with fear. 
Rall grabbed his warhammer and faced the passages, ready for battle. Never had a single giant faced a Baelath in combat and survived. It typically took a dozen or more giants, and many would die before the Baelath could be defeated. 
Brakkus laughed as did the scavengers. 
“We’d love to stand here and watch you battle a Baelath, but I think it would be better if we left.” Brakkus glanced at his companions. “Sorry Rall, I had hoped it would be my warhammer to kill you, but I’ll have to be satisfied with the claws of a Baelath.” He laughed again. “You did a great job protecting these kids, Protector.”
Rall glared at the Forgotten over his shoulder, then turned back to the tunnels, the roar and pounding footsteps getting louder. 
Brakkus and the scavengers turned and fled, leaving Lacy and her companions to their fate. 
One giant and three kids vs. a Baelath . . . we’re dead. Lacy wanted to curl up into a ball and weep, but she knew there wasn’t time for tears now. She had to help Rall fight this monster, though she knew it was hopeless. 
They were about to die.
CHAPTER 16

The deep growls came flooding from one of the passages, but the echoes in the chamber made it impossible to tell from which. Sweat trickled down Lacy’s forehead as she glanced from tunnel to tunnel, the moisture seeping into her long, red hair, matting it to her skin. 
“We should get rid of the CaveDogs.” Maerk gestured to Donovan, then grabbed one of the animals and dragged the heavy body to the edge of the abyss, Donovan doing the same. The two kids shoved the CaveDogs over the edge, the carcasses disappearing into the darkness. “Maybe it’ll go away.” 
Rall glanced at Maerk and just shook his head and sighed. “It can still smell the blood on the ground.”
Maerk glanced at the blood, then stared at the blood trails leading from each passage. 
“The scavengers left blood in each tunnel.” Donovan pulled his warhammer from the sling, the heavy weapon causing him to lean forward a bit. “I didn’t understand why they were doing it, or I would have warned you . . . honest.”
“We believe you, Donovan.” Maerk gave him a strained smile. 
Donovan gave him a nod, then moved to Lacy’s side and set the head of his warhammer on the ground. “Why did you trade the Stone away. You could have returned it to the FirstColossus and been a hero.”
“My parents taught us that people are more important than stuff.” She glanced at the many rubies stitched into his cloak. “I couldn’t live with myself knowing I let you die in exchange for a rock.”
“But I’m nothing to you. In fact, with all my family’s wealth, we probably represent everything you hate about StoneHold. My family is made of bullies, using their power and wealth to push people aside so they can take more and more.” Donovan lowered his head to the ground. “We don’t have anything like what you and your brother share.”
“What do you mean, like my brother and me? We have nothing.”
Donovan stared straight into Lacy’s eyes. “You don’t get it. You have everything.” He reached out and put a hand on Maerk’s shoulder, then put another one on Lacy’s. “You have each other. The bond you two share is deeper and stronger than anything I’ve ever seen. You’d both do anything to help the other.”
The growl thundered through the passage, getting louder.
Donovan lowered his voice. “I’d give everything I own to have a brother or sister that cared about me the way you two care about each other. All this.” He grabbed a ruby sewn into his cloak and tore it from the cloth and threw it toward the SilkSpider web. “It’s worthless. People who are there for you, no matter what, that’s priceless. Things like gemstones or fancy clothes or big houses . . . it’s all just noise, getting in the way of what’s really important.” He glanced up at Rall. “I’m just sorry it took me until this moment, probably our last moment, to realize this.”
Lacy set her warhammer on the ground and put an arm around Donovan, then squeezed gently. “You do have a brother and sister who care about you.”
Donovan shook his head. “My siblings are only focused on their status in GiantSociety. They don’t care about anyone other than themselves.”
Lacy glanced at Maerk, an eyebrow raised. The unasked question was instantly confirmed when her brother nodded. 
“Well, you do now.” Lacy smiled. “You’re officially part of our family. Whenever you need help, you’ll have Lacy and Maerk StormChaser at your side.” 
A huge grin spread across Donovan’s face. He glanced at Maerk then back to Lacy. “Really?”
Lacy and Maerk both nodded. “Really,” they said in unison. The brother and sister both wrapped their arms around Donovan and gave him a ‘family hug’ as their father called it, tears streaming down cheeks. 
The growl turned to a roar as the Baelath grew nearer, the ground now shaking with every thunderous step. 
“You kids; get behind me.” Rall glanced over his shoulder at the three young giants. “As I fight the Baelath, you three should run into a tunnel and try to get back to StoneHold. I’ll keep the monster busy as long as I can before it finally ki—” He didn’t finish the sentence. 
Lacy glanced at Rall, a dull, sorrowful pain in her chest slowly spreading throughout her body. “No, you can’t just sacrifice yourself like this!”
The Baelath’s footsteps hammered the ground, the scratch of the monster’s claws on stone now reaching their ears. 
“I refuse to let you just give up on life.” She stepped in front of the huge giant and pointed an index finger up at his face. “A giant who surrenders is not a giant; the LapisStone in the Way says that.” She took a step closer. “Are you a giant? Or have you forgotten the names of your fathers?” 
Anger blossomed within Rall’s stony, gray eyes. His brow creased as his cheeks and neck turning red.
“Look, I know I’ve had my share of failures, and at times, I’ve felt useless.” She held out her tattered cloak, the thin reed in her pocket sticking out, jabbing her in the chest. “Look at my clothing. I’m the poorest giant in all of StoneHold. Every decision I’ve made has put my brother and me in the worst possible circumstance . . . but did I give up? Did I surrender?”
“You don’t understand. It’s different because—” 
“IT ISN’T DIFFERENT!” Lacy shouted. “I’m responsible for my brother, and I’ve failed to keep him safe and warm and fed. We live in a little hole I found in the Giant’s Causeway. We have two sets of clothes. We rarely have full stomachs. I can’t even pay the healers to take care of my own father. All of this is because of me.” She sniffled, tears trying to fill her eyes. Wiping away the moisture with a sleeve, Lacy glared up at Rall. “But did I ever give up?” She took another step forward until their bodies were nearly touching. “DID I?”
“You never did, Lace.” Maerk moved to her side. “And all this wasn’t your fault; you need to know that. Sometimes, bad things just happen.”
She glanced at her brother and smiled. It warmed her heart, knowing that Maerk didn’t blame her for their position in GiantSociety. He always supported her; that’s what family did. 
“And when bad things happen, you deal with them the best you can,” Donovan added, moving to Lacy’s side, the Ruby Giant staring up at Rall. “If you can’t handle it, you ask your friends,” he put a hand on Lacy’s shoulder, “and family for help. You don’t just try to handle it yourself. That’s something I just learned today.” 
The bellowing roar of the Baelath frightened a few bats hanging from the high ceiling. The shadowy creatures took to the air, screeching as they flew to the opening overhead and disappeared into the blue sky.
Lacy glanced at the other kids, fear beginning to chisel away at her anger. “We’re in this together, and we’re going to solve this problem together.”
“But if we all stand and fight the Baelath, we’ll all die.” Rall put a gentle hand on Lacy’s head, stroking her long red hair. “Maybe my death will be enough.”
“NO! We do this together!” The fierce, powerful edge to her voice made the huge giant take a step back, his gaze lowering to the ground as if ashamed. “Don’t look down. You’re Rall ShadowCrusher, the Protector of the TruthStone and my friend.” 
Rall nodded, then looked her in the eyes. “It’s been a long time since anyone cared about me enough risk their life for me.”
“Well, that’s what family does for each other.” She nodded.
“But Lacy, if you can expect Rall to forgive himself for seeking his own death, why can’t you forgive yourself for everything that’s happened to us?” Maerk reached out and took her hand. “We’re family, and what we do, we do together. Successes are our successes, and failures belong to both of us.” Maerk held out his cloak, one section stained and ripped. “This isn’t your fault. It’s just the way it is. What’s important is that we’re together, and we’re taking care of Dad the best we can; that’s what Mom would want.”
“But Mom’s death and Dad’s health . . . they’re my fault.” She glanced at her brother. The roar of the Baelath shook the tunnels and cavern, but Lacy couldn’t hear it; her sorrow and guilt had completely overwhelmed her senses. “If I hadn’t infected them, she’d still be alive, and Dad wouldn’t be constantly sick.” Lacy sniffled.  “I knew I had the ShakingFlu and should have run away, keeping all of you safe, but I was afraid and—”
The footsteps of the Baelath grew closer.
Rall grabbed Lacy by the arm and spun her toward him. “You think you infected your parents with the ShakingFlu?”
Lacy nodded.
Rall smiled. It was a huge smile, like when you knew a secret or had a great surprise for someone . . . or both.
“What?” she asked.
“Kids couldn’t get the ShakingFlu, only adults.” Rall set his warhammer on the ground and knelt before her. “You must have just had a cold, not the Flu.” He placed both hands on her shoulder. “Your parents weren’t infected with the ShakingFlu because of anything you did. They just got it, like my wife and my adult children, and nearly everyone in the Carnelian GiantClan.” He stared deep into her eyes. “Lacy, you need to listen to your wise younger brother, it wasn’t your fault. It just happened, and you did more to protect your brother and father than any giant could have done.” Rall stood and took a step back, then pounded his chest twice with his fist, holding it there as he bowed. It was the sign of HighRespect, something few giants ever received. 
Maerk stood next to Rall and pounded his chest twice as did Donovan, the three of them holding their fists over their hearts. 
“It wasn’t my fault?”
Rall shook his head.
“And I did a good job taking care of Maerk and Dad?” The constant weight of guilt and sorrow that was always on the verge of crushing her just drifted away. Lacy’s soul could finally breathe. 
Her brother nodded, a tear trickling down his cheek.
“So . . . I—” The growl of the Baelath made Lacy’s words impossible to hear. 
“It’s almost here,” Donovan whispered as the echo faded away. He glanced at Lacy, then Rall. “What do we do?”
Rall picked up his warhammer, then glanced at their surroundings. Slowly, he brought his worried eyes back to Lacy. “Any ideas?”
She turned in a circle, Mom’s words echoing in her head: Look at the things and people around you; they’re your puzzle pieces. You can build anything with them, just open your mind to the possibility and have faith in yourself. 
Usually, the ideas would struggle to pierce the ever-present curtain of guilt and sorrow, but that curtain had finally parted, letting her mind focus on the here and now. Lacy’s eyes darted across the chamber: SilkSpiders, CaveDog blood, bats, warhammers, water-skin, sour milk-skin, thin reed, ShadowSnake fangs, various gadgets . . . the puzzle pieces around her struggled to fit together. But the scraping of Baelath claws on the ground was too distracting. She couldn’t think. An image of the Baelath getting ready to attack, opening its vicious, toothy mouth and— 
SilkSpiders! The thought exploded in her mind. 
“I got it!” Lacy pulled her companions close to her. “I know what to do, but you’re not gonna like it.” She glanced at Donovan and smiled, the rubies on his pristine clothing sparkling in the light of the morning sun.
“Is it better than being eaten by a Baelath?” Rall asked.
She nodded.
“Then we trust you.” The huge giant bent over, bring his ears closer. “Tell us what to do, Lacy StormChaser.”
And Lacy explained her insane plan as the terrifying monster, the king of tunnels and caves, the top of the food chain, the Baelath approached the cavern, its hungry teeth gnashing together, ready to devour anything and everything in its path. 
CHAPTER 17

The four giants moved to the wall covered with SilkSpiders, each keeping a careful distance. The pounding footsteps of the Baelath thundered through the cavern, its heavy, panting breath now audible; it was close. 
Lacy uncorked her container of sour milk and sprayed the shining web and rocky wall. The spiders, as usual, lapped up the foul-smelling liquid then just hung on the web, swaying back and forth, dazed and content. Carefully parting the web, Lacy stepped behind it, pressing her back to the stone wall, her companions doing the same. 
“Don’t move,” she whispered as a spider emerged from a crack and crawled across her shoulder. 
Another growl, this time much louder than before, filled the cavern. The Baelath stepped out of a tunnel, the enormous creature walking on all fours. When it moved into the cave, the terrifying monster stood to full height. It was easily larger than any creature Lacy had ever seen, twelve-feet tall if not taller. Short brown fur covered most of its frightening body, its bare, dark-skinned chest rippling with thick muscles. Long black claws marked the end of each finger and toe, the tips razor-sharp. In all her life, Lacy had never seen a more terrifying thing; it was a creature of destruction, a creature of death.
The monster lowered its head to the ground and sniffed. Its milky-white eyes moved but focused on nothing. Living its life in darkness, the Baelath no need for eyes; it was blind. The monster moved to the pool of blood and took in the scent, dark claws scratching the ground.
Lacy’s heart thumped in her chest like a blacksmith’s hammer, beating faster and faster. I hope the Baelath can’t hear it. She shuddered as the hairs on the back of her neck stood straight up. Beads of sweat trickled down the back of her neck, the moisture weaving between the forest of upright hairs, then flowing under her collar and snaking their way down her back. 
The Baelath stood up tall and roared, a black smear of blood on its long snout. It turned about, trying to find the prey it knew must be near. It approached the SilkSpiders. Instantly, the deadly creatures chittered and shrieked, a sound all animals of the shadows recognized. The Baelath hesitated, then backed away. The spider’s bite likely would not be able to pierce the creature’s thick hide, but the mighty beast apparently did not want to find out. Instead, it moved to the far wall and scraped the surface with long, black claws, then pounded it with vicious fists. The entire cave shook, sand and stones falling from the walls and ceiling.
A cloud of dust floated down toward Donovan, the grime settling over his head, covering his face. 
The Baelath howled with frustration. It stomped its massive feet, the monster’s claws tearing into the granite. The ground quaked in fear as more dust fell from the walls. 
And then it happened. Donovan tried to suppress it—he tried with all his might to hold it back, but the dust was just too much. The boy sneezed.
Instantly, the Baelath stopped its tantrum and turned toward the sound. Black lips curled back, the monster revealing a mouthful of long, dagger-like teeth. As the creature neared, the SilkSpiders chittered and screeched, warning the beast away, but the beast kept coming, hunger driving it forward. Sniffing the air, the Baelath headed straight for Donovan. 
It came closer.
Lacy started to shake. I have to do something, but what if I fail again? She glanced down at her warhammer, the weapon a pathetic toy against the enormous beast. 
The Baelath took another step forward and gnashed its teeth together. The sound was like the slamming of an iron door. Taking another step, the terror could almost reach them with its long, deadly claws.
“No,” Rall whispered, then screamed his battle cry. “CARNELIAN!”
The huge giant charged through the web, the drunken SilkSpiders scurrying out of the way. Rall shoved the head of his warhammer into the monster’s chest as he collided with the beast, pushing it back. The Baelath roared and swiped at Rall, its pointed claws whistling as they carved through the air, but the giant wasn’t there. He’d already moved, standing at the creature’s side. 
Swinging his warhammer with all his might, Rall attacked the Baelath’s. The hammer smashed into the monster’s ribs. Thick layers of muscles protected the monster’s bones, the warhammer bouncing off, but the creature still howled in pain. It stomped its feet, then sniffed the air. Catching the giant’s scent, the Baelath turned and charged, knocking Rall through the air. The giant flew backward ten feet, landing hard on the ground. 
Lacy could tell the impact had hurt the Protector. Rall shook his head as he staggered to his feet, his legs wobbly. 
“We have to do something, Lacy.” Maerk turned his head, staring at his sister, fear etched into his young face. 
“I’ll think of something. Just give me a minute.”
“Rall doesn’t have a minute,” Maerk said.
“I know what to do.” Donovan glanced at Lacy, then gave her a strange smile; it seemed like a farewell.
Gripping his warhammer tight, Donovan sprinted through the web, drunken spiders falling to the ground. He charged at the Baelath, swinging his heavy weapon at the monster’s back. The ruby-encrusted hammer smashed into the monster’s spine, making it roar. Donovan quickly moved back as the Baelath turned. 
Just then, Maerk pushed through the web and ran to Donovan’s side. The monster swiped at both kids with its long claws.
“NO!” Lacy screamed. 
The two kids ducked, Donovan backing away. Maerk rolled to the side, bringing his puny warhammer down upon the creature’s foot. Claws snapped as the rusted metal head squashed its foot, but no bones broke. Its thick hide protected the monster’s foot. 
Another howl of pain. 
The Baelath swung at Maerk, catching the boy with its paw and throwing him across the chamber. Donovan ran to him, catching Maerk before he hit the wall, the two boys tumbling to the ground, their warhammers lying just out of reach; they were defenseless.
The Baelath sniffed the air again, then moved to the side, forcing Donovan and Maerk toward Rall, who was still trying to clear his head. It opened its mouth wide, showing the rows of deadly, pointed teeth. 
Its mouth . . . the spiders . . . its hide. The puzzle pieces came together in her mind, but instead of wondering what might happen if she failed, Lacy thought about what would happen when she was successful. 
Reaching into a pocket, Lacy drew out the grabber and extended it, carefully grabbing a spider. Lacy withdrew one of the ShadowSnake fangs from a pouch and pierced the spider in the back. The slender needle-like fang barely causing any pain to the creature. As she withdrew it, dark blood covered the spine. Dropping the grabber, she pulled out the thin reed from the scavenger camp and stepped through the spiderweb, yelling at the top of her lungs.
“I’m over here!”
The monster turned toward Lacy just as she raced past, slipping under the Baelath’s outstretched arms. She moved in front of Maerk. 
“What are you doing?” Rall asked.
“Just get the Baelath to open its mouth.” Sweat flung through the air as she turned to Rall, her hair flying. “Can you do it?”
The giant nodded. Moving on shaky legs, Rall approached the Baelath. Donovan stood and did the same, scooping up his weapon. 
Maerk stood, but Lacy grabbed his arm. “Stay here.”
He yanked his arm free and shook his head. Standing tall, the young boy moved to Donovan’s side, his rusted warhammer looking like a toy next to Donovan’s.
The Baelath sensed the giants’ presence and turned. Before it could attack, Rall charged, striking at a knee with his hammer. The blow connected, causing the Baelath to raise its head and howl. Rall moved around the left side of the monster while Donovan and Maerk moved to the right. They all charged, striking and legs and chests, attacking from all sides. Another howl of pain cut through the sounds of battle, but again, the monster’s mouth was pointing away. Quickly, Lacy shoved the deadly ShadowSnake fang into the reed. If barely fit. She aimed it at the beast, but the Baelath kept its mouth turned away.
Lacy pounded a foot on the ground in frustration. 
The Baelath heard the sound and turned toward the young girl. Lacy dropped her warhammer and held the reed to her mouth. With a growl, the Baelath charged, its claws extended, ready to rend flesh from bone. Rall swung his weapon at the beast, but missed, his foot slipping in the pool of CaveDog blood. Maerk and Donovan tried to attack as well, but they were too slow; the monster was out of reach. 
Lacy aimed the reed at the monster’s face. The poisoned shake fang would have no effect if it hit the monster’s hide; it had to pierce the soft flesh in its mouth. But the monster’s teeth were clenched, and in three paces, the Baelath would be on her. 
She had no trick to survive this . . . it was the end.
CHAPTER 18

Suddenly, Donovan yelled, “RUBY!” and threw his warhammer at the Baelath. The shining weapon tumbled through the air, then hit the creature in the back, striking its spine. The monster howled in pain, opening its mouth full. 
That was her chance. 
Lacy took a deep breath, aimed, then blew through the thin reed. The ShadowSnake fang shot out the end and streaked through the air, a pointed missile heading straight into the monster’s mouth. Lacy saw it hit the back of the Baelath’s throat, embedding into the soft tissue. 
The Baelath skidded to a stop and reached to its mouth, trying to pull the fang out, but the long claws at the end of each finger wouldn’t allow it. The poison spread quickly. The monster’s jaw fell open, the muscles numbed and no longer working; that was the first effect of the SilkSpider poison. 
The Baelath took a step back, a whimper coming from the monster’s slack jaw. 
Rall took advantage of the confusion to deliver a savage blow to the monster’s chest. The beast stumbled back, swiping at the air, but its arms were losing their strength. He hit the Baelath again, smashing its chest. This time Lacy heard bones cracking. 
Stumbling backward, the Baelath turned its head to the left and right, smelling the scents of the cavern. Maybe it detected the fresh air coming from the opening overhead, or perhaps it was just confused; it wasn’t clear. But it walked straight toward the crevasse stretching across the cavern. 
Rall motioned to Maerk and Donovan, pointing at the monster’s knees. 
The two boys moved close. They swung at the monster’s right leg, Rall doing the same to the left. A sickening crack filled the air when their warhammers struck kneecaps. The Baelath stumbled forward. It reached out with clawed hands, but its arms barely worked.  With a cry of despair, the beast tumbled into the abyss, its terrified howls bouncing off the sheer walls as it fell until suddenly, the monster’s wails ceased. 
The Baelath was dead.
Lacy breathed a sigh of relief, then moved to her brother’s side, hugging him, then reached out to Donovan and pulled him in as well. 
“Are you okay?” she asked.
Maerk released her, then brought a hand to his face. “My cheek stings a bit.” He pulled his hand back and saw blood smeared across his fingers. 
Lacy reached to the bottom of her cloak and tore off a piece, then pressed it to his face. “Hold this. The bleeding will stop soon.”
“Lacy, Maerk, it’s Rall.” 
They turned toward Donovan. The boy knelt at Rall’s side, blood coming from a gash on his right arm. Looking at Maerk and the cloth on his face, Donovan nodded, then tore a piece of his expensive cloak, precious rubies scattering across the ground. 
“Here, hold this.” Donovan pressed it to Rall’s wound, then tore another strip from the bottom. He tied the strip of fabric around the makeshift bandage, holding it in place. Blood oozed from the edge of the cloth but quickly stopped.
“Rall, are you okay?” Lacy knelt next to the Protector.
“Don’t you worry about me. It’s just a scratch.” He glanced down at the bandage, then nodded to Donovan. “Back up so I can stand without stepping on any of you.” 
The big giant stood and turned toward the three kids. He glanced at Maerk and smiled. “You’re gonna have a nice scar from that.” He pointed at the boy’s cheek.
“I don’t want a scar.”
“Don’t want a scar? Don’t be silly.” He leaned down and brought his mouth near Maerk’s ear. “People will ask how you received that scar, and you’ll tell them about the day you battled a Baelath . . . and won.” 
A smile slowly crept across Maerk’s face. Rall tussled his hair, then turned to Lacy. “You saved us. I don’t know what you shot into that creature’s mouth, but we’d be dead right now if you had missed.”
Lacy smiled.
Maerk pulled the cloth from his cheek and checked the bleeding. It had stopped. He turned to Rall. “What now? Do we head back to StoneHold?”
“Well, I guess there’s nothing else we can do.” Rall shook his head, his sad eyes lowering to the ground. “I would have enjoyed dragging Brakkus before the GiantCouncil, but it seems that’s not going to happen. Maybe we should . . .”
The Protector kept talking, but Lacy tuned him out. She considered their situation. If they went back now, they’d be convicted of theft and likely exiled. There was no way to prove a Forgotten and two Scavengers had stolen the TruthStone. 
“I’m not giving up.” Lacy’s soft voice was barely audible over Rall’s, but she didn’t care. 
Turning to the far wall, she stared at the tunnel the Scavengers and Forgotten had used to escape. Lacy moved to the edge of the abyss and stared into the darkness. Just on the other side lay the plank of wood Donovan had used to walk across. She could see letters on the wood, barely visible through the grime. It said ubway, whatever that meant. If she could pull the wood across the abyss, then they could—
“I got it!” she exclaimed
“You have what?” Rall moved to her side. 
“We aren’t going back.” She glanced up at the giant, his sad, gray eyes staring down at her. “We’re gonna catch that Forgotten and his Scavenger friends, and we’re gonna do it without any of us dying. You understand.” Lacy scowled at the Protector.
Rall shrugged and looked away.
“But we can’t follow them, Lace,” Maerk said. “The fissure stretching across the cavern, it’s just too wide.”
“It wasn’t too wide for the Forgotten to throw the CaveDogs across.” She put a hand on Rall’s muscular arm. “I bet the Protector can toss me across.”
“No, it’s too dangerous.” Rall pushed her hand aside.
“Are you saying the Forgotten could do something Rall ShadowCrusher cannot?” She gave the big giant a mischievous grin. 
“You weigh more than a CaveDog.” He knelt in front of the girl. “I might not be able to do it.”
“Why, because you’re old and useless?” Lacy stared into his sad, gray eyes. “I think you can do it. But if you’re afraid . . . then I understand.”
“I’m not afraid of anything!”
“You’re afraid of proving you’re not useless.” She dropped her warhammer and put her fists on her hips. “You’ve convinced yourself you’re worthless, and it’s all you’ve clung to for so long. I get it. I thought I was a failure, and everything was my fault, but my companions taught me I was wrong. It’s time you learned the same thing.” She took a step closer until their toes touched. “You’re gonna throw me across that crevasse and prove that the Protector can do anything he wants. You understand me?” 
Lacy stared into Rall’s eyes. The giant started to turn his head away, but Lacy grabbed his chin and pulled it back to hers, his braided beard swaying about, Carnelian stones clinking together. She refused to pull her eyes away, trying to force Rall to see what she saw—a brave, kind, strong giant capable of anything. 
Finally, he nodded and stood. “You better empty your pockets.” 
She took off her cloak. It clinked and clanked, the many gadgets falling from hidden pockets and scattering across the ground. “Let’s do this.”
“Ahh . . . Lace, you sure this is a good idea?” Maerk asked.
“Of course, it is.” She gave her brother a grin. “This is Rall ShadowCrusher, a Named giant of the Carnelian clan. I dare anyone or anything to stand against him. This little gap . . . it’s nothing.” 
Lacy turned to Rall and held her arms out. Rall put a hand under one arm, then grabbed the opposite leg. 
“You sure you want to do this?” he asked. “What if I fail?”
“I won’t plan for failure anymore.” Lacy’s voice, instead of sounding weak and uncertain, resonated with confidence and strength. “From now on, I plan for success.” She glared at the huge giant. “You’re gonna throw me across that abyss!” She lowered her voice. “Besides, we have no choice. You can do this. Now get it done.”
Rall nodded. “Remember to roll when you land. Maybe it won’t hurt so much.” 
She smiled. “Be careful. You’re starting to sound confident.” 
Lacy laughed as Rall picked her up. The Carnelian Giant ran toward the precipice and threw her into the air with all his strength.
CHAPTER 19

The dark, menacing abyss stretched out beneath her like the toothless maw of some titanic beast. Lacy stared down into its depth as she soared across, everything seeming to move in slow motion. Her hair fluttered like a crimson flag as she sailed through the air, the locks gently flapping against her neck and back. Ahead, the edge of the abyss approached. She moved closer to the life-saving edge but also descended, Lacy’s height stolen by the remorseless grip of gravity. 
Will I make it? 
She took in a raspy breath and held it. Reaching out, Lacy extended her arms, hoping her clammy hands can grasp the edge if she hit the wall of the precipice. But the edge of the abyss passed beneath her, out of reach. With a thud, she struck the ground and tumbled to a stop. A sharp pain pierced her forehead. Reaching to the spot, Lacy felt wetness there. Pulling her hand back, she found a smear of blood across her palm. 
“Ouch.” 
“Lace, are you okay? Are you okay?” Maerk sounded frantic. 
She wiped her hand on her brown pants, then sat up and waved. Ripping a piece from the short, tattered green skirt hanging around her waist, Lacy pressed it to her head, hoping to stop the trickle of blood. 
“You forgot about rolling when you hit the ground,” Rall said. “Instead, you kinda just flopped around, then tumbled across the ground. I suspect that hurt.”
“It did!” She stood and glared at the giant, but found him staring at her, a huge smile pushing past his gray beard.
“I’m glad I didn’t kill you.” Rall bent over and picked up his warhammer.
“Me too.” Lacy’s scowl turned to a grin. “I knew you could do it. You’re Rall ShadowCrusher. You can do anything.” 
The big giant just shrugged. “How about you push the wood across the gap.”
Lacy gave him a nod, then moved to the wooden sign and shoved it across the ground until it spanned the gap. Running across, Lacy donned her cloak and retrieved any fallen items. Picking up her warhammer, she moved across the makeshift bridge and waited on the other side. The other giants reluctantly stepped across, each terrified at the abyss beneath their feet, Rall’s fear of heights making him dizzy and nearly falling off. Only Lacy’s quick thinking and her firm grip on the Protector’s arm kept him aloft. 
“I didn’t enjoy that,” Rall said.
“Try doing it twice.” Donovan stared up at the Carnelian giant. “It’s not as bad the second time.”
Rall shook his head. “I’m not doing that a second time.”
“You will if you want to get back home.” Lacy gave the giant an apologetic smile.
The Protector sighed and looked away, growing silent.
“Okay, we need to move quick and quiet.” Lacy stepped to the tunnel Brakkus and the scavengers had used. “I want to catch up to them and use the element of surprise. They can’t know we’re there until it’s too late.” She glanced at each giant. “No talking unless necessary, and then, only whispers.”
They all nodded.
“Let’s go.” Lacy turned and moved into the dark tunnel.
Holding the GlowStone lantern with one hand, Lacy held it high in the air, casting a thin splash of light before them. She watched for pitfalls or shadowy creatures as she jogged through the passage, her light footsteps barely making any sound. 
I hope this isn’t a mistake, she thought. If I fail to keep Maerk safe, I’ll—
“No,” Lacy whispered to herself. “I’m done focusing on failure. I’m Lacy StormChaser, daughter to Tomas and Jonna, a giant of the TreeAgate Clan. I don’t plan for failure; I plan for success and that Forgotten is gonna regret he crossed paths with us.” She clenched her teeth, but this time didn’t bite her cheek. The shadows around her, instead of hiding imaginary monsters or the many ways she could fail, held images of their success: her taking the TruthStone from Brakkus, Rall giving the Stone to the FirstColossus, the StormChaser family finally climbing out of poverty . . . she thought of what would happen if they succeeded instead of what might happen if she failed. These thoughts filled her with confidence. 
“I’m looking forward to meeting you again, Brakkus the Forgotten. You have something that doesn’t belong to you, and I’m gonna take it back.” Her soft words seeped from between her teeth like the hiss of a deadly viper. And this viper’s fangs were aimed at a Forgotten giant and two scavengers. “I’m coming for you, Brakkus, and nothing’s gonna stop me.”
Glancing over her shoulder, she cast her smile to her comrades, then shifted from jogging to running, Lacy’s confidence filling her with a strength she’d never known before. 
CHAPTER 20
 
Lacy opened the GlowStone lantern, just a sliver, the golden beam of light shining on the ground. She moved it back and forth, painting the ground until she saw it. “Right there . . . did you see it.” She glanced at Rall, then knelt and ran her fingers across the scratch. “It’s subtle, but still there. I don’t think they know they’re still leaving marks on the ground.”
Rall nodded. “Good,” the giant whispered. “Let’s keep our voices down so they don’t hear us. I want to surprise our friends up ahead.” He glanced at the other giants. “We need to close the gap on those scavengers and Brakkus.” He spat the name as if it were poison on his tongue.  
The three kids nodded and started to jog again after the brief rest, their shorter strides barely able to keep up with Rall’s quick walk. Lacy opened the lantern every thirty seconds or so, scanning the ground for holes or threats, but there were none. The Ancients carved this tunnel hundreds of years ago, a pair of rusted metal rails lining each side of the passage. Sturdy pieces of wood stretched beneath the two rails, thick spikes holding the rails in place. Likely it was part of the ubway, whatever that was.
Just then, a soft voice floated through the tunnel, the deep sound like the rumble of distant thunder. It was barely audible, their enemies still far away.
“Shhh . . . I can hear them.” Lacy held up a hand, stopping the party. She moved to the tunnel wall and listened to the faint echoes. 
“So, you’re saying you have a better plan?” It was one of the scavengers—the man—talking.
“Yes, and it’s a better plan than just selling the TruthStone to General Boltzmann.” The deep voice belonged to the Forgotten.
“Okay, tell us,” the female scavenger said.
“Look, what is the one thing the ScavengerNation wants?”
“Well, we want to get out of the Wastelands.”
“And live where?” Brakkus asked.
“Well . . . umm . . . I guess . . .” 
“Exactly, you have no idea.” The giant chuckled, his voice echoing through the narrow tunnel and reaching Lacy’s ears. “But what if there were no giants in StoneHold. You think the scavengers would like to live there?”
“Of course,” the woman said. “But how do we get rid of the Giants? I don’t think they’ll leave just because we ask ‘em real nice.”
“No, we kill them, kill them all.” The Forgotten’s words caused a chill to creep down Lacy’s spine. “A few months ago, someone discovered a building called CDC; do you remember?”
No sound came from the Scavengers; they must have nodded.
“Well, CDC stands for the Center for Disease Control. While the scavengers were afraid to go into that building, I wasn’t.” Brakkus’ voice grew louder. “I found cabinets filled with different diseases, each kept nice and safe.”
“Diseases . . . what kind?”
“I don’t know and don’t care. Each vial had strange names on them, words I’ve never seen. Names like Smallpox, Anthrax, Polio . . . strange diseases kept alive by the Ancients for some reason.” The giant chuckled. “But if we don’t know what they are, you can be sure the GiantHealers won’t know about them either.”
“So what?” Micca asked. 
Brakkus sighed and rolled his eyes. “Do I have to do all the thinking?” He paused for a moment, then continued. “If the GiantHealers don’t know about these diseases, then they won’t have a cure. They knew enough about the ShakingFlu to stop the epidemic before it killed more giants. That plan from General Boltzmann failed, but this one is a sure thing.” 
Lacy gasped. The Scavengers were responsible for the ShakingFlu. She glanced at Maerk and mouthed, “MOM.”
He nodded, his eyes narrowing with anger, jaw clenched. 
“You sound so sure of yourself,” Karl said. “Why do you think this will work?”
“The ShakingFlu plan only used one disease,” Brakkus explained. “The GiantHealers were eventually able to come up with a cure. Sure, it killed a lot of Giants, but not enough. We’re going to put every disease from the CDC on the TruthStone and then let the giants recover it. We’ll give it to some scavenger-flunky and let him get captured by a GiantScout. The Giant will take the Stone back to StoneHold and probably give it straight to the FirstColossus himself.” Brakkus laughed. “He’ll be the first to die. But, as more people touch the Stone, they’ll get infected as well. The disease will spread from giant to giant until they’re all dead.”
“But won’t the disease be all over StoneHold?” Micca said. “If we go there, we’ll get infected, too.”
“You’re right.” Brakkus’ voice boomed with confidence. “That’s why we’ll fill the place with oil and burn everything. The village is mostly stone, so the homes won’t burn, but all the bodies and the disease will be obliterated.” He laughed again. “StoneHold will be ours.”
“I like it,” Karl said.
“Me, too,” Micca added.
“That’s the real value of the TruthStone.” Brakkus lowered his voice, but it still carried through the passage. “When we get back to Neyyok, we explain the plan to Boltzmann. He’ll pay us whatever we want for the Stone and the diseases in the CDC, which I’ve conveniently hidden away. He’ll look like a hero, and we’ll be rich for the rest of our lives, which will be a lot longer if we’re away from the ColdHeat.”
“You’re okay after all, giant,” Karl said. 
They stopped speaking, but their slow, shuffling footsteps drifted through the darkness. 
Lacy glanced at Maerk, then looked up at Rall. “We have to stop them.” Lacy’s whispers shook with fear . . . and rage. They killed Mom!
“I know.” The giant’s voice was surprisingly gentle. “We can’t let them escape with the TruthStone. The Forgotten’s plan will work. If the GiantScouts capture a scavenger with the TruthStone, they’ll bring it back to the FirstColossus. Likely it’ll get passed to everyone on the GiantCouncil and—”
“Dad?” Donovan’s thin voice was barely audible. “I have to stop them.”
“No, we have to stop them,” Maerk hissed. He glanced up at Rall. “No matter what.”
Rall nodded then glanced at each of the young giants. “No matter what.” He took the lantern from Lacy and attached it to his belt. “Those three up ahead are evidence there are no holes or drop-offs to worry about. This is an Ancient tunnel; it’s safe.  We need to move as fast and quiet as possible.” Rall reached to his shoulder, grabbed the IronWood handle, and pulled his weapon from its sling. “We need to be ready to fight. When we catch up to them, things are going to get bloody. Are all of you ready for that?”
The kids glanced at each other, uncertainty in their eyes, but each nodded. 
“Good.” The big giant smiled. “Now . . . we move quick and quiet. When we catch up to them, stay together, and keep the Scavengers off my back. After I take care of Brakkus, we’ll deal with the filthy scavengers.”
The kids nodded, each with a look of grim determination on their faces. 
Lacy glanced at her brother, thinking of how she could keep him safe, while at the same time stopping the scavengers. “Just stay next to me, Maerk, when the fighting starts.”
He nodded, fear seeping into his eyes.
“I’ll figure out some plan by the time we catch up to them, something to give us an advantage.” Lacy kept her voice soft, hoping to ease her brother’s fears, but she suspected it didn’t do any good.
But what can I do that’ll give us an edge? The thought bounced around in her head, but nothing emerged from the darkness. If I fail to keep Maerk safe and . . . “By hammer and stone, I won’t plan for failure,” she whispered to herself. “I’m gonna plan for success.” 
Instead of letting her fears and what-ifs dominate her mind, she took stock of everything they had as they ran. Lacy could feel a solution there, hiding in the deep recesses of her mind, but she couldn’t see it . . . yet.
CHAPTER 21

FirstColossus Gregg StoneCleaver
Address to StoneHold at the end of the LongNight
Year 0, Post Long Night (PLN)

The clouds finally parted today, and we saw the sky for the first time. It was blue, like the eyes of an innocent child. The glorious beauty of that sight reinforced for all giants that technology can never be allowed to grow and flourish, for thinking machines must never exist on Phoenix. Let the scavengers with their mechanisms grafted into their bodies stay in the WasteLands, but they will never be allowed into the fertile lands of Phoenix with their tech. 
You have named me your FirstColossus in honor of this first sighting of the sky. I will lead you with honor and courage until I can no longer wield a warhammer. But remember, we must all follow The Way so that we remember what it means to be a giant. 
We will face challenges in the years ahead, but remember, have faith in yourself and face the obstacles before you with courage and confidence. If you believe you can do a thing, then you can . . . just make it happen.

Lacy slowed, walking at a leisurely pace as she caught her breath, Maerk and Donovan doing the same. Soft words from their prey echoed through the passage like the ethereal voices of shapeless spirits hidden by the darkness. The Scavengers and Forgotten seemed unconcerned at being heard, their voices growing louder as they neared. After running for an hour, the four giants had caught up to their adversaries and now approached in silence. 
The Forgotten and Scavengers had finally slowed, moving at a leisurely pace, likely assuming the Baelath had done its job. But now they’d stopped, leaving the tunnel and entered a brightly lit cavern. 
“You think this . . . is where they get out of the tunnels . . . and onto the plains?” Lacy’s whispered voice broke up as she breathed heavily. 
Rall shrugged, the big giant barely visible in the dim green light of glowing lichen clinging to the walls. “It’s possible, but from the sound of their voices, they sound confused. I think they might be lost.”
Lacy glanced at the narrow passage ahead. A large chunk of granite had fallen from the ceiling, the stone covered with dust; likely it fell many years ago. The boulder partially blocked the passage, allowing only one person at a time to pass through the narrow gap; it was a perfect place for an ambush.
She pulled her companions close. “If they’re lost, then they’ll come back this way. Let’s wait here, behind this boulder, and attack them from the darkness. They’ll have to squeeze around this obstacle, one by one.”
They all nodded, Maerk smiling at his sister.
“I think we should—” Donovan started to say but stopped when the scavenger started to speak again.
“I don’t remember seeing any of this from before,” Karl said. “I thought you knew where you were going, Giant.” He spat the word as if it were an insult.
“Watch your tone, Scavenger. We must have missed a tunnel in the darkness. If you hadn’t lost all our torches, we could have found it.”
“I didn’t lose them,” Karl protested. “I just set them down and—”
“Would you two stop arguing!” Micca’s voice clicked as it grew louder, the mechanism in her neck helping her to speak. “I see sunlight up there; that means there might be a way out. We either try those steps and go to the upper levels or go back and look for the passage we missed.”
“I’m not sure the steps will hold much weight.” Karl pointed to the steps. “Micca, go test ‘em.” 
“Fine, I’m not afraid. Get out of the way and let me try.” Micca walked past the tunnel opening.
Lacy instinctively ducked, even though the darkness of the passage made her invisible. Creeping forward, she crouched in the shadows and peered into the chamber. It was a huge cavern, with a set of rusted stairs to the right stretching up to another level overhead, polished walls to the left covered with white, rectangular tiles. Clearly, it was some kind of Ancient construction, possibly part of the ubway they’d seen earlier. 
A white platform, made from a seamless, white stone stretched across the ground, extending from the left wall to the stairs on the right. But not more than twenty paces into the cavern, the platform fell away as if consumed by some titanic beast, a deep abyss filling the rest of the chamber, the perilous drop stretching beneath the rusted staircase. 
Holes in the ceiling overhead allowed Lacy to see more stairways stretching up to higher floors. A wide crack stretched across the cavern ceiling, spilling sunlight onto the scene, driving away the shadows and hurting her eyes. 
The giant and male scavenger stood on a broad platform, both with weapons sheathed. They stared at Micca as she approached the Ancient staircase. The scavenger kicked the metal stair, her boot making a clunking sound that echoed throughout the chamber. By the sound, Lacy could tell the cavern was gigantic, likely the abyss enveloping half of the chamber and probably stretched down hundreds of feet. 
Micca put a foot on the first step, testing it with her weight, then moved to the second. Instantly, the metal creaked and groaned, but didn’t break. “I think we can go up this way. It’s likely the Ancients built this place so people could get to the surface. We just need to follow the stairs, and soon, we’ll be out of these stinking tunnels.”
“No,” Lacy whispered, her voice barely audible over the echoes.
Brakkus reached into his pocket and pulled out the TruthStone. He tossed it into the air, the yellow markings on the Stone shining bright when it passed through a shaft of sunlight. The Forgotten caught it deftly and held it up to his eyes. 
“Who would have thought such a little thing could become such a deadly weapon.” Brakkus laughed. “I would love to be there and watch them die, but their charred bodies after we cleanse StoneHold with fire will have to be enough.” He tossed the stone into the air one more time, then pulled open a pocket on his cloak, allowing the stone to plop down inside. 
“Okay, let’s get out of here!” Karl added. He moved closer to the stairs, a disgusting, decaying smile behind his sore-covered lips. 
Lacy glanced at her companions as she stood. Setting her weapon down, she removed her cloak, letting it fall to the ground, then picked up the warhammer, squeezing the oak handle tight. 
“Wait,” Rall whispered, pointing a thick finger at Lacy. 
She shook her head, her red hair flinging across her shoulders.
“Come on, Brakkus,” Micca shouted. “Let’s get out of here. You have the Stone, so we aren’t going anywhere without you.”
Lacy glanced at the Protector, but he still held his position behind the boulder.
“You sure those stairs will hold?” Brakkus asked. 
“Probably.” Micca chuckled.
Maerk crept to Lacy’s side. “Wait for Rall. He’ll tell us what to do.”
“No,” she whispered. “I’m not letting them get away.” Lacy glared at her brother, anger buzzing through her head like a hive of hornets. “The scavengers are responsible for the ShakingFlu . . . for Mom. They don’t get to walk away.” Anger turned to rage, boiling up from her soul.
“Just wait.” Maerk put a hand on Lacy’s arm, but she pushed it away.
“No,” she hissed, the fury in her voice making Maerk step back. 
“Of course, these steps will hold,” Micca said. “The Ancients built ‘em. There’s nothing to worry about.”
Brakkus sighed. “Then let’s get out of here.”
“No,” Lacy’s whispered, her body tensed. 
She stepped out of the shadows, her knuckles turning white as she squeezed the handle of her weapon. 
“No.” Her voice had an edge to it, razor-sharp and ready for battle. 
“Lacy, get back here,” Rall said. “We can find a better place to catch them.”
“No,” Lacy shouted, her mind overwhelmed with anger. 
“What was that?” one of the scavengers asked. 
Brakkus stopped in place and stared at the tunnel. 
“NO!” Lacy’s voice echoed off the tunnel walls like thunder, her warhammer about to become a storm of metal. 
And then she charged into the chamber, heading straight for Brakkus.
CHAPTER 22

Lacy charged straight at Brakkus, screaming her war cry, “TREE AGATE!” The huge giant stood motionless, mouth agape, eyes wide with surprise. His warhammer still sat in its sling on his back, the giant shocked at the sight of a young girl coming out of nowhere, charging and screaming. She’d made it four steps before Brakkus realized what was happening. The Forgotten reached over his shoulder and pulled his hammer out, readying himself for the attack, but he was too late. 
Lacy’s hammer struck him in the stomach, bouncing off pieces of steel woven into his cloak, her adolescent hammer causing no damage. Brakkus grunted and took a step back. He swung his hammer where he thought the young girl would be standing, but she wasn’t there. Lacy streaked past the hulking giant and charged at the scavengers. 
“Get back here, you brat!” Brakkus roared. 
“Why don’t you pick on someone your own size!” Rall’s voice boomed off the walls and floor as if the GreatFire itself had entered into the chamber. 
The Carnelian Giant stepped into the chamber, banging the huge metallic head of his warhammer on the ground. With each step, he slammed it on the ground, causing the walls and floor to shake. Donovan and Maerk streaked past him, heading toward Lacy and the Scavengers. 
“By hammer and stone, it’s time you paid for your cowardice, Forgotten.” Rall glared at his enemy, his eyes narrowed, body tensed. 
“I’ve been looking forward to this old giant.” Brakkus turned and faced his opponent. “You’re old and tired, no match for someone younger and faster. I promise I’ll make your death quick, but I won’t do the same for those kids; I’m going to make them suffer for meddling in my plans.” 
“If you get the chance.” And then Rall charged, screaming at the top of his lungs, “CARNELIAN!” 
At the same time, Lacy, Maerk, and Donovan attacked the Scavengers, their battle cries adding to Rall’s.
“TREE AGATE!”
“RUBY!”
And the contest for the soul of StoneHold began, the prize for second place . . . death.
CHAPTER 23

Lacy’s throat ached as she screamed, but she couldn’t still her voice; the rage within her had to get out, or it would consume her entire being. She charged at the nearest scavenger, the male. Swinging her warhammer with all her strength, Lacy struck a glancing blow on the terrible man’s arm. The Scavenger had failed to draw his weapon—confused and in shock at this young giant attacking them. 
“Ahhh!” Karl shouted. “You’re going to regret following us, brat.” He drew his sword, the jagged blade reflecting the errant rays of light sneaking into the cavern. 
Just then, Donovan charged the Scavenger, his heavy warhammer swinging at Karl’s head. But he was too slow, the weight of the weapon too much for his young arms. Karl easily moved aside. With a grin, the Scavenger swung his blade at Donovan’s head. The Ruby Giant looked up just in time to see the attack but could do nothing about it. 
Suddenly, a rusted and cracked chunk of metal appeared next to the boy’s head. The blade struck Maerk’s hammer, deflecting to the side. Before Karl could respond, Donovan lifted his weapon and lunged.
“Karl . . . watch out!” Micca shouted but was too late. 
Donovan shoved the head of his warhammer into the Scavenger’s stomach. Karl grunted, then stepped back.
“NOOO!” Micca charged forward, swinging her blade at Donovan. 
With lips pulled back, baring her teeth, Lacy leaped into Micca’s path, her warhammer held high. The jagged blade dug into the oaken handle, chips of wood flying into the air. Pulling her hammer back, she swung it at the woman, but the scavenger was already moving. 
Micca moved to Karl’s side. With a snarl, she swung her sword at Maerk. The young boy was too slow with his weapon, unable to stop the attack. The blade sliced through Maerk’s sleeve, the jagged edge finding soft flesh underneath. Instantly, blood dripped from the wound. Almost dropping his warhammer, Maerk stepped back and let his arm hang limp, blood splashing to the ground as he held his hammer with one hand. Lacy moved to his side, swinging her weapon with all her might. The rusted metal head streaked past Micca’s shoulder, the woman dodging out of the way at the last instant. 
Donovan swung his weapon from overhead, aiming for Karl’s head. The Scavenger stepped back, letting the weapon strike the ground, chips of stone flying into the air. With a flick of his wrist, Karl slashed at Donovan’s leg, slicing across the boy’s thigh. The young giant screamed and fell to one knee. Blood oozed from the wound, spreading across his dark, silken pants. 
Lacy jumped in front of the two boys, Maerk helping Donovan, both boys retreating. 
“It seems you’re running out of allies.” Karl smiled, his hideous teeth stained and decaying. “Now it’s your turn, brat. I’m gonna wound you like I did those two pups, then I’m gonna make you watch as I skin them alive. Their cries of agony will be like beautiful music.” He cackled a vile laugh. 
Lacy heard Maerk whimper in fear. She glanced over her shoulder. Maerk and Donovan were both on the ground, clutching their wounds, faces pale with terror. Blood seeped from beneath makeshift bandages on their injuries, both boys in pain. 
They’re my responsibility, she thought. I refuse to be defeated. Lacy glanced around at her surroundings. Karl and Micca approached, the scavengers getting ready to attack her from both sides. How do I fight two of them at the same time? And then the puzzle pieces started tumbling through her mind. The Scavengers, my friends, the rusty stairs at the edge of the platform . . . And then the pieces fell into place. 
“I know what to do,” she whispered.
“What did you say, runt?” Karl said. “Are you begging for mercy.” 
“You aren’t gonna hurt my friends.” She took a step toward the scavenger, her voice eerily calm. “You’ve stolen something that doesn’t belong to you,” her voice grew louder, “you’ve offended the Giants of StoneHold,” Lacy’s voice now like an approaching storm, “and you’ve hurt my brother!” It was thunder. She pointed her hammer at the scavenger. “It’s time for you to pay!”
She charged, swinging her hammer faster than she’d ever done before, rage filling her muscles with strength. The scavenger brought up his sword, blocking, the jagged edge digging into the oaken handle. Micca tried to get behind her, but Lacy saw the Scavenger and moved to the side, putting the woman behind Karl. At the same time, she could hear the clash of warhammers behind her, Rall locked in mortal combat.
Lacy swung her warhammer, the TreeAgate stone mounted to the side like a streak of green and white lightning. She advanced, refusing to yield ground to the disgusting scavengers. 
Echoes of every tormenting voice surfaced in the back of her mind: the GiantHealers who said Mom was doomed, the Amethyst Giants and their mocking insults, the rich and wealthy telling her that penia belonged in the Causeway . . . every disparaging stare and offensive comment fueled her rage, flames of fury burning within her, giving her strength. 
She swung at the Scavenger’s head. He blocked with the sword, then tried to attack, but she was too fast. Lacy lunged at his chest, pushing him backward. 
Karl grunted, then slashed at her side. Lacy’s warhammer was there already. Sparks jumped into the air when the blade and rusty hammer clashed. 
Sweat trickled down Lacy’s face, stinging her eyes, but she ignored it. All she could think about was attacking the scavengers and pushing them backward. 
Micca tried to move to Karl’s side, but Lacy wouldn’t allow it. She struck at the Scavenger, faking an attack to her head, then bringing her weapon down on the Micca’s foot. 
The sound of the Scavenger’s bones cracking made Lacy smile.
“My foot!” Micca limped behind Karl, her sword still in her hand.
“You hurt her,” Karl hissed, his eyes filled with anger.
Lacy smiled, then flipped her hammer around and drove the handle into the Scavenger’s gut, knocking the wind out of him. Karl gasped as he backed up to the foot of the rusted staircase. Micca limped up the stairs, her sword scraping the decaying metal treads.
“I’m gonna make your friends suffer, brat.” Karl’s voice was like a hissing viper. “They’re gonna beg for death while you watch.”
He raised his sword, but before he could attack, Lacy turned her weapon around and swung. The metal head grazed the Scavenger’s knee, the metal brace attached to it crunching and bending. Not giving him time to react, Lacy attacked again. She swung with all her might, aiming for her enemy’s head. Karl backed up again, moving up the delipidated steps, Micca limping up higher. 
Her hammer felt as if it were getting heavier as she attacked. Every swing took more effort, her muscles beginning to burn; she was tiring. 
I must keep going.
She glanced at Maerk and Donovan. They were tying strips of cloth around their injuries, stemming the flow of blood. A whistling sound came to her ear. Quickly, she ducked as Karl’s blade streaked over her head. 
“You need to be faster than that, scavenger,” Lacy said. 
A grunt sounded from behind. One of the giants, Rall or Brakkus, took a hit, she wasn’t sure which. I hope Rall’s okay. He better get here quick. I don’t know how long I can keep this up.
Lacy swung her hammer at Karl’s shoulder, then attacked his knee, then brought her hammer down at his foot. With each attack, Karl and Micca moved higher up onto the staircase, flakes of rust falling from the structure and disappearing into the yawning abyss underneath. The Scavenger’s blade flashed across his body, blocking every attack Lacy threw at him. He kept retreating up the stairs, Micca staying two steps behind. Lacy followed the scavengers, moving up the steps, pursuing her prey.
“You’ll never defeat us both, giant.” He glared at Lacy, his scarred face creased with rage. “We have more weapons than just these swords . . . something you’re gonna learn about soon.”
Lacy remained silent, then moved up a step. I don’t need to defeat them, just delay. When Rall finishes with the Forgotten, he’ll be here to help us. But she shuddered. By the sound of the massive warhammers smashing into each other on the other side of the platform, Lacy wasn’t sure if Rall would be able to help. It sounded as if he were in a fight for his life. 
“Your giant isn’t gonna help you, brat. Brakkus will soon defeat that decrepit fool.” Karl moved down a step. “Then he’ll crush you like the insignificant bug you are.” 
“No . . . NO!” Lacy attacked again, climbing higher, but as she looked up at Karl, she found he now held two swords. Likely he’d taken his partner’s weapon. 
“Get her, Karl.” Micca drew a long dagger from a sheath, but was still behind her companion, unable to join the fight. “Don’t let that puny giant take another breath,” her words as vicious as her glare. 
Karl attacked with his two blades, one aimed at Lacy’s head, the other at her stomach. All she could do was hold up her hammer and block both. Chips of wood flew from her wooden handle.
Lacy moved down a step. Sweat trickled into her eyes, stinging. Her breath came in shallow gasps, her body starving for oxygen. Feinting an attack to his left side, Lacy flipped her warhammer around and swung it back-handed. She struck at the Scavenger’s right side, her hammer clanking against Karl’s sword. It knocked him off balance for a moment, but a scarred arm reached out from behind and steadied him. 
“You almost got lucky, brat.” Karl spat at her feet. “But I’m done playing with you.” He stepped back and tucked a blade under his arm, then adjusted the mechanism grafted to his neck. Instantly, the Scavenger’s breathing accelerated, the tiny indicator light on his neck blinking an angry red. 
“Karl, you can’t do that for long,” Micca said.
“All I need is a few minutes of extra oxygen, and this runt will be mine.” Karl pointed both swords at Lacy, an expression of confidence on his scarred face. “It’s time you saw what I could really do with these blades.”
The scavenger moved down a step, his swords moving faster than Lacy thought possible. All she could do was keep her warhammer in front of her, trying to deflect blades coming at her from the left and right. Chips of wood flew into the air, the blades taking vicious bites from her handle with each strike. She took another step back, then ducked. The two swords sliced through the air where her head had been. A handful of red hair fell to the ground, the blade nearly grazing her scalp. 
Lacy move back again, her arms getting heavier. I don’t know how long I can keep this up. She wanted to glance at Rall, but the thunderous sound of metal on metal told her the Carnelian Giant was still in the throes of combat.  
Her warhammer slipped in her hands, the handle slick with sweat. She backed down another step, fear nibbling at her courage. Glancing to the right, she saw Donovan and Maerk on the ground. Donovan tried to stand, agony painted across his face. 
“I’m coming to help you, Lace,” Maerk shouted.
“No, stay there; it’s too dangerous.” 
“That’s right, runt. Stay there.” Karl laughed. “I’ll get to you soon enough.” 
Maerk struggled to his feet, clutching his arm to his side. He grunted, causing Lacy to glance toward him. That was the moment the Scavenger attacked. Screaming at the top of his lungs, he slashed at Lacy, his swords a blur. She brought up her weapon, trying to block his attack. The blades struck the handle of her warhammer, right near the heavy metallic head, and clove the oaken shaft in two. The metal head tumbled to the ground, leaving Lacy with just a piece of wood in her hands, her weapon destroyed.
“No, you can’t—” she started to say, but the scavenger stepped forward and kicked her, hard, in the chest, sending the giant flying off the stairs and landing with a thud on the stone platform, her breath knocked out of her chest. 
Stunned and gasping, she dropped the oaken shaft and reached for the metallic head that was once her warhammer. Giants must die with their warhammer in their hands if they are to meet their Fathers in the GreatBeyond. Lacy clutched the rusted and cracked metal head to her chest and stared up at the scavenger, waiting for death to claim its prize.
CHAPTER 24

“NOOOOOOO!” Maerk and Donovan shouted in unison. 
The wounded giants ignored their pain and charged, weapons ready for battle. Blood dripped down arms and legs, but they ignored it, rage dominating their minds.
The two scavengers watched the children as they approached, smug smiles on their scarred faces. Karl tossed Micca her sword and just stood there, waiting to see what the two kids were going to do. 
“You coming up here to face me? Please do.” Karl gave them a decayed smile. “Your death is waiting.” 
Lacy took in the whole scene as she struggled for breath. She glanced at the two scavengers, then the two giants. Her eyes moved to the rusty, metal stairs. Flakes of corroded steel fell from the Ancient construction like a pale-orange rain, falling into the abyss. Chunks of the staircase’s supports were utterly missing, rust and erosion having taken relentless bites from the steel. 
“Maerk, Donovan . . . the supports.” Lacy sat up, her back aching. She pointed to the vertical beams holding the stairs in place. “They’re rusted. Hit them . . . hard.” 
Maerk glanced at the metal beams, then smiled and nodded. He moved to the left side of the stairs, Donovan to the right. 
“What are you two kids doing.” Karl took a step toward them. 
Maerk and Donovan struck at the same time, their warhammers smashing into the thick beams. Rust exploded from the supports, showering them in orange flakes. 
Karl grabbed one of the railings, trying to keep from falling; Micca did the same. One of the stairs fell off, the metal step fluttering through the air as it fell into the darkness below. 
The two giants struck again. The staircase groaned like a wounded animal. It lurched to the side as one of the supports broke in half. 
Lacy stood, the head to her warhammer still in her hands. She scooped up the handle and stood at the foot of the stairs, ready to stop any attack. Even though she had no way to fight, Lacy stood ready for battle. LapisStone, she thought, A true giant faces every obstacle with bravery and determination and refuses to yield. A giant who surrenders is not a giant. Lacy StormChaser refused to back down. “Hit it again!” 
The giants struck the stairs again. Maerk’s hammer bounced off the structure this time, doing little damage, but Donovan’s heavy weapon smashed into the Ancient structure like a steel fist. It shattered the support, the staircase flopping to the side. Both scavengers dropped their swords, the weapons tumbling into the darkness. Karl and Micca grabbed the steps, holding on as if their lives depended on it . . . and it did. 
“Please . . . help us,” Micca begged. “Show us mercy.”
“If we show you mercy, you’ll just be back with the diseases from your CDC.” Lacy pointed the oaken handle at the scavenger. “I won’t let you hurt anyone in StoneHold.”
“But we wouldn’t do that,” Micca’s words were quick and frantic. “It was the Forgotten’s plan, not ours. We just want to—”
Lacy stepped forward and rapped on the dangling structure with her wooden handle. It made the metal ring like a bell. “This is what happens when you mess with giants from the TreeAgate clan.”
“And the Ruby clan,” Donovan added.
She glanced at Donovan and nodded. Lifting his hammer high over his head, the Ruby Giant brought it down upon the dangling structure. The entire thing shook. The metal at the top screeched one last time, and then the final support failed. The stairs with the two scavengers clinging to it like parasites fell into the darkness, shouts of terror bouncing off the cavern walls. And then darkness swallowed the scavengers and metal debris, their terrified voices growing softer and softer until they suddenly were silenced. 
The scavengers were gone.
Turning, Lacy looked toward Rall and the Forgotten. Locked in lethal combat, the two giants swung their hammers with deadly accuracy. Each aimed for the other’s chest only to have their weapon blocked or deflected. The crash of metal on metal filled the cavern; steel thunder rattled the walls. 
Rall panted heavily, struggling for breath.
“He looks so tired.” Maerk moved to Lacy’s side, the cloth around his arm blushing red. 
“We have to help him somehow.” Lacy glanced over her shoulder at Donovan. The giant limped forward, using his warhammer as a cane. 
“But what can we do?” Donovan asked.
“I don’t know, but we have to do something.” Gripping her broken handle in one hand, and the severed metallic head in the other, Lacy ran toward her friend, hoping she could, somehow, help Rall. If the Forgotten defeats him, then Brakkus would likely turn his warhammer on them; they wouldn’t stand a chance. 
CHAPTER 25

Rall charged at Brakkus, his warhammer streaking through the air, the silvery head a blur. His weapon smashed into his enemy’s, sparks flying into the air. The sound was deafening, forcing Lacy to cover her ears. 
Brakkus advanced, pushing the Protector back with his weapon. Rall dodged the attack, skipping to the side. He struck back, driving the IronWood handle of his warhammer into the Forgotten’s ribs. Brakkus grunted, then shuffled back. 
Muscles rippled across Brakkus’s chest as he swung his hammer, each blow meant to be lethal. Rall ducked under an attack, then stood and countered, bringing his hammer down onto his enemy’s foot. Brakkus stepped back just in time, avoiding a crushed foot. 
The two giants carried out the dance of death, each swinging his weapon with all his might. Expressions of grim determination covered their faces, sweat glistening on their skin. Their beards swayed back and forth; the stones attached to the end of the braids clinking together like delicate windchimes. The sound posed a strange soundtrack to the deadly contest underway.
“You don’t stand a chance, Rall.” Brakkus glared at his opponent. “I’ve been waiting for this moment for twenty years.”
“You’ll have to wait a while longer, coward,” Rall said in a calm voice. “If the fight gets too scary, why don’t you just run away, as you did with the ShadowBeasts.” He swung at his enemy, Brakkus ducking under his attack. “You’re pathetic and deserve a dishonorable death.”
“I’m not afraid of you, old giant.” Brakkus charged, swinging his hammer in an overhead strike. 
Rall stepped to the side, elbowing him in the ribs as he passed.
With a grunt, Brakkus turned, swinging his hammer without looking. Rall was already moving. 
The Protector stepped out of range and laughed. “Pathetic.”
With a scream like that of an enraged beast, the Forgotten attacked again, driving Rall back a few steps, forcing Lacy to move out of the way. 
“You’ll never get the TruthStone from me . . . at least not now.” Brakkus stepped back, catching his breath. “I’ll take it back to Neyyok, but I promise to return it to StoneHold.” He laughed. “I only hope you’re still alive when the Stone is finally recovered and given to the FirstColossus.” 
“You’ll never succeed.” Rall took a step closer. “We’ll stop you, right here.”
Brakkus glanced at the three kids as if they were insignificant bugs, then brought his gaze back to his enemy. “I’m going to enjoy watching you die.” 
Suddenly, the Forgotten leaped forward, swinging at Rall’s shoulder. The giant blocked the attack, then shoved his enemy back. Rall’s angry breaths were like those of a dangerous, predatory beast. He sucked in a lungful of air, then grunted as he exhaled, swinging his mighty warhammer with all his strength. Lacy could hear the strain in every gasp; he was tired, very tired. 
Brakkus brought his weapon up, blocking the attack, sparks jumping from the metallic heads as they smashed together. 
“What’s wrong, Protector, getting a . . . a little tired.” Brakkus’s strained voice cracked, but the Forgotten seemed less fatigued than the Protector. He grunted as he swung at Rall. “You can’t actually believe the strength of an old giant is any match for a SnowFlake Obsidian Giant in his prime.” 
The Forgotten attacked again; it was almost as if Rall had paused for a moment, waiting for him. 
Brakkus stepped forward and swung his warhammer. The metallic head rushed toward Rall’s chest. Stepping forward, Rall moved up close, bringing his warhammer up, colliding with the Forgotten’s IronWood handle. The weapon bounced off Rall’s, the handle ringing as if made of steel. Before Brakkus could move, Rall brought the head of his hammer up, striking his enemy’s chin. The Forgotten’s head snapped back, momentarily dazed. Stepping back, it gave Rall a chance to catch his breath. 
“Rall, let me help you,” Lacy said. 
“Stay back. This is my fight.” Rall glared at her.
“But you’re so . . . tired.” Lacy’s throat ached as she spoke the words, emotions struggling to take her over. 
He looks so weak, compared to the Forgotten. I’m afraid for Rall.
She wanted to reach out to the huge giant, but Lacy knew she’d only be in the way. All she could do was wait until there was something she could do. 
Brakkus shook his head, then gave a guttural yell like that of an enraged beast. Gripping his weapon tight, he used an overhead attack, hoping to bring his warhammer down onto Rall’s head. Seeing it coming, he easily stepped out of the way, then swung his hammer at the Forgotten’s ribs. The giant brought his weapon up just in time to block the strike. 
Brakkus attacked again, striking at Rall’s knees. The huge giant leaped into the air, his feet narrowly missing the Forgotten’s weapon. The ground shook when Rall landed on the ground, the ten-foot-high giant’s weight pounding the ground like a meteor from space. 
“I bet that took something out of your legs, Carnelian.” Brakkus laughed. “How much longer do you think you’ll last?” He lowered his weapon and pointed at Lacy. “When I’m done with you, the girl is next. Too bad you won’t get to watch her die.”
“Nooooo!” Rall shouted and advanced.
Stepping forward, Brakkus kicked Rall hard in the stomach, the Forgotten’s boot pounding the giant hard. Rall shouted in pain and bent over, gasping for breath. Brakkus laughed, then swung again, bringing his hammer down in a killing blow, aiming for Rall’s skull. He didn’t notice the Protector’s eyes staring up at him through his gray, bushy eyebrows. 
Lacy saw it and smiled; he was faking. 
Rall quickly stepped to the side, not bothering to block; instead, he attacked. Swinging his warhammer, Rall faked an attack from the right, then changed direction at the last instant and spun, attacking to the left. Brakkus brought his weapon up to the right, but he was too slow. Rall’s massive warhammer struck the Forgotten’s arm, bones cracking under the assault. 
“Ahhhh!” Brakkus screamed, then dropped his warhammer, his arm falling limp at his side. 
Rall reached down and grabbed the giant’s weapon and tossed it aside as if it were a stick. He advanced, raising his hammer high over his head, readying his final blow.
“Youth is nothing compared to experience, Forgotten.” Rall’s hissed words leaked through clenched teeth. “It’s time for you to pay for your cowardice. Giants were injured and died because of you.” He glanced at Lacy and the other kids. “You managed to get these kids accused of stealing the TruthStone. The Sapphire Stone says, ‘A giant only speaks the truth. A giant who is false in word or deed does not remember the names of their Fathers.’ You have no honor and have forgotten the names of your Fathers. You’re more scavenger now than giant. You’ll never meet your Fathers in the GreatBeyond.” 
Rall took another step closer, the Forgotten moving back until he reached the edge of the platform, a yawning chasm of darkness hugging the precipice. Brakkus glanced down at the abyss, then turned back to Rall and stood tall. 
“You’re still an old, useless giant who has no idea how ridiculous you are.” Brakkus chuckled, then grabbed his arm, his face creased with pain. “You will die as a decrepit, sickly bag of wrinkles, too weak to even get out of bed. You’re a giant who is afraid to meet his death . . . you’re pathetic.”
Rall’s face turned red as he raised his warhammer higher, ready to attack.
But then a soft voice spoke. “Rall . . . no. You don’t have to kill. You can choose mercy instead.” 
“What?!” The giant glared at Lacy.
“Brakkus is beaten.” She pointed at the Forgotten’s warhammer on the ground. “He’ll never wield a warhammer again. A giant who cannot wield a warhammer is not a giant, you know this.” Lacy glared at Brakkus. “He’ll get his punishment, at the hands of the GiantCouncil. Let him clear our names and spend the rest of his life in prison.” 
Maerk and Donovan moved to Lacy’s side. 
“You aren’t a killer of giants.” Lacy’s voice rose in volume. “You’re Rall ShadowCrusher, the Protector.”
“The Protector . . . I don’t care about that title!” Rall glared at the young girl.
“But we care because you’re our Protector.” She glanced at Maerk and Donovan, both of them nodding. “If you kill this terrible giant in cold blood, it will change you forever. Don’t be that giant, be the one we know you can be, a giant of mercy, not a giant of death.”
“Don’t listen to the brat,” Brakkus said. “Kill me and have your revenge, unless you’re afraid. I always knew you were a coward.” 
Rall took his eyes from Lacy and stared at Brakkus. Slowly, he lowered his hammer. “You’re right. This Forgotten fears a cage more than he fears death.” He smiled at Lacy. “You’re always right when you have faith in yourself.” His voice grew in volume. “I’m Rall ShadowCrusher, giant of the Carnelian Clan and the Protector of the TruthStone.” He stood tall, then turned and walked away from Brakkus.
Lacy smiled and put an arm around her brother, the metal head to her warhammer still in her grip. 
Just then, Brakkus reached behind and drew a long dagger from a hidden sheath, the tip razor-sharp. He chuckled as he dashed toward the defenseless giant.
“NO!” Lacy shouted. “Rall . . . look out!”
Rall started to turn around, but he was too slow; the Carnelian giant would never get his weapon up in time.
Lacy lunged, throwing the chunk of metal in her grasp at the Forgotten. Brakkus was about to plunge the knife into Rall. 
Things seemed to move in slow motion. 
Lacy watched in terror as the dagger inched closer to her friend. At the same time, the rusted metal block tumbled through the air, racing the pointed blade. It struck Brakkus in the side of his head just as the dagger was about to make contact, a look of surprise on the Protector’s face. From the impact, Brakkus’s head snapped back, the force of the blow causing him to stumble backward, toward the edge of the platform. He dropped the dagger as his momentum carried him to the precipice. 
Brakkus’s foot caught on the edge. The Forgotten lost his balance, leaning backward.
“Rall . . . help. He still has the stone!” Lacy raced to the Forgotten, but Rall was faster. 
The Carnelian giant dove forward, his hand outstretched. His thick fingers grabbed hold of the Forgotten’s cloak just as he fell backward into the open air. The weight of the doomed giant pulled Rall across the ground until he too slipped over the edge and into the abyss. In an instant, the huge giants were gone.
Her whole world collapsed around her. Lacy stared at the spot where Rall slid over the edge, her eyes growing moist. She’d failed, and now, Rall ShadowCrusher was dead. Weariness crashed down upon her as she slowly collapsed to the ground, wanting to weep.
CHAPTER 26

An uneasy silence spread across the cavern like a pestilent fog. A heaviness crept across Lacy’s body, pressing her into the smooth Ancient stone as a deep, profound sadness enveloped her soul. 
“What happened?” Maerk asked, his voice soft and uncertain. “Where’s Rall? He was there just a second ago. Lacy . . . what happened?”
“Maerk, we should leave Lacy alone right now.” Donovan limped to Maerk’s side. “It wasn’t her fault.”
As soon as the words left Donovan’s lips, Lacy knew it to be a lie. 
Of course, it was my fault! The guilt and sorrow she thought gone suddenly returned with a vengeance, suffocating her soul. Lacy’s chin quivered as her breaths came in short and raspy. I threw the metal at Brakkus. I caused him to go over the side. 
“Rall, why couldn’t you have just let him fall?” she whispered, but she knew the reason. This was the death Rall sought, a final end to his feeling of uselessness. “Rall, you weren’t useless. You were special to us . . . to me. If only I could have helped you.”
“I could . . . use a little help . . . right now,” a voice said from the abyss.
“Rall?!” Lacy dashed to the precipice and gazed over the edge.
Rall hung over the side, one hand gripping an iron bar sticking out from the side of the platform, his other hand holding onto Brakkus’s cloak, the Forgotten still in it. Both giants swayed back and forth, the perilous drop waiting to swallow them whole. 
“Just let go, Rall.” Lacy got down on the ground and reached over the edge, grabbing hold of the giant’s wrist. 
“He still has . . . the TruthStone.” The Protector struggled to speak; he used every bit of strength to keep his grip tight.
“Who cares? Just let him go.” 
Before Rall could answer, Brakkus reached up with his good arm and grabbed hold of Rall’s wrist. 
“I’m gonna take you with me, Carnelian.” Brakkus sneered at Rall. “We’re gonna see if our Fathers are there waiting for us in the GreatBeyond, or is it just empty darkness.” He laughed, then squeezed Rall’s wrist.
Rall groaned in pain. 
“Give me your hand.” Lacy reached down.
Shaking his head, Rall looked up at her, his eyes filled with hopelessness. “No, you can’t help. The end is inevitable. If I let go of Brakkus, we lose the stone. But if I hold on, eventually, my strength will fail, and I’ll fall with him.” He glanced down at his enemy. “He’ll never release his grip. Giants like this Forgotten want people to suffer, even if it doesn’t help him. All he wants is chaos.”
“That’s right, Protector.” Brakkus chuckled. “I want chaos, and if I can take you with me, while still leaving these kids accused of my crime, then I’m happy.” 
Brakkus threw his head back and laughed, the motion causing Rall’s grasp of the iron bar to slip just a little. 
What do I do, what do I do? Her thoughts were like a storm of bees, all of them stinging her soul with barbs of sorrow. 
“I have to do something.” Lacy stood. “I refuse to let this be our end.” 
Thoughts of failure crept into her mind, but she brushed them aside. I don’t have time for doubts. I’m gonna solve this puzzle or die trying. She glanced around at her surroundings, looking for anything that might help . . . and then she spotted it. Dashing across the platform, she picked up the fallen dagger and held it in her hand. It felt wrong; giants don’t use blades in battle, but she didn’t care. 
“I refuse to let my friend die.” She glared at the weapon in her hand, then rushed back to Rall. 
Lying on her stomach, she inched her way to the edge, dagger clenched in her teeth. She stared down at Rall. “You think you can support my weight as well?” 
“Not for very long.” The Protector’s monotone voice dripped with sadness and defeat. 
“I’m coming down.” Lacy turned and dropped her legs over the edge, standing on Rall’s shoulders.
“What are you doing? Go back up.” Rall’s voice rose with anger. “It’s too dangerous.”
“Be quiet, giant, and hold on.” There was steel in Lacy’s voice, confidence in every word. 
She wrapped her hands around Rall’s arm, then lowered herself as if she were descending a rope. 
Rall’s arm shook, the strain building.
“Just . . . hang on, Rall, I know . . . what to do,” she said, the knife between her teeth making it difficult to speak.
The Protector said nothing. He just took strained breaths through clenched teeth.
Lacy moved lower, wrapping her arms around Rall’s thick chest. When she reached the HammerSling on his back, she put her legs through its thick leather straps, wrapping them through twice, the leather cords wound securely around her legs. 
“I’m gonna enjoy watching your face when that fool’s grip finally fails.” Brakkus stared up at her, his angry eyes boring into hers. 
But Lacy felt no fear. She’d seen the solution to this problem, and now she was making it a reality. No thoughts of doubt or uncertainty could penetrate her shield of confidence. Her mind was clear. Now she just needed the courage to see it through.
“Here goes.”
Lacy released her grip on Rall and leaned out into the void. Her body fell backward, the abyss reaching up, trying to grab her in its deadly embrace. But then the HammerSling went taut, holding onto her entangled feet. She lurched to a stop, nearly face to face with the Forgotten. 
Before Brakkus could speak, Lacy took the knife from her mouth and slashed at the Forgotten’s hand. The knife bit deep, slicing through the giant’s thick skin . . . but he held on.
“You’ll have to do better than that.” Brakkus laughed. 
Flipping the dagger around, she clenched the handle in her fist and brought it down in a stabbing motion. She struck at his wrist, plunging the blade in deep. The razor-sharp tip found tendons and muscles. Suddenly, the hand released Rall’s wrist, Brakkus dropping a little, but Rall still held onto the cloak. 
With a flick of her wrist, Lacy sliced through the fabric in a single sweep, cutting it away. Brakkus’s glare changed from anger to panic when he realized he’d failed. The Forgotten giant fell into the abyss, his screams of terror echoing off the sheer walls. He disappeared, the darkness swallowing him, but his shrieks continued until abruptly silenced.
“Maerk, Donovan . . . help us up,” Lacy shouted as she dropped the dagger.
Grunts of exertion came from above as her companions pulled on Rall’s arm. Lacy could feel the muscles in the Protector’s back flexing as he used every ounce of strength to pull himself up. The huge giant reached up and grabbed the edge of the platform with his free hand and heaved himself closer to safety, the two boys each grabbing an arm. 
Slowly, Rall pulled himself onto the platform, the dangling form of Lacy along for the ride. When they made it to the top, both Rall and Lacy collapse to the ground, each dripping with sweat. 
Lacy took in a couple of breaths, then untangled her legs from Rall’s HammerSling. She crawled to his side. “You saved us. I knew you were strong enough, and I knew you wouldn’t give up.” Lacy wrapped her arms around the Protector and hugged him, then lowered her voice to a whisper. “I know you’ll always be there for me . . . and Maerk, and Donovan. You’re our Protector, and we love you.” She wiped a tear from her eye. “We’ll never give up on you, no matter what.” 
Rall pulled long, gray braids from his face, then wiped tears from his cheeks. Slowly, he stood, then offered a hand to Lacy, pulling her to her feet. Donovan and Maerk rushed forward and wrapped their arms around the hulking giant, both squeezing tight. Rall patted each on the back, then pushed them back. Turning to Lacy, he held out a hand, then opened his fingers slowly. In his grasp, a torn piece of cloth, a small pocket sewn with bright thread.
“What is it?” Lacy looked up at Rall, confused. 
“Take it.” Rall moved it closer to the young girl. “It’s what you need.”
She shook her head. “I already have what I need. Maerk, Donovan, and you, that’s all I need.”
“Take it.” Rall scowled at her.
She sighed, then took the cloth from his hand. There was something hard wrapped within the fabric. As she peered into the wrappings, Lacy gasped . . . the TruthStone, but now, there was a crack running across the center. It would likely split in two with the smallest bump.
“It’s ruined.” Lacy handed it to Maerk. “We failed. We didn’t save the TruthStone; we let it get destroyed.”
As Maerk handed it to Donovan, the stone cracked apart, falling into two halves. The three kids lowered their gaze to the ground, their bodies slumped in defeat.
“What’s gonna happen to us now, Lacy,” Maerk asked. “The FirstColossus will accuse us of destroying the TruthStone; we’re doomed.”
“Don’t be silly. You aren’t doomed.” Rall took the broken stone from Donovan and shoved it into a pocket. He then knelt, so he was eye to eye with the three kids. “There’s a great secret about the TruthStone, known to only three giants in all of StoneHold: me, the TruthKeeper, Shannah WindSinger, and the FirstColossus.”
Lacy raised her gaze and met Rall’s stare with her own, a look of defeat on her face. “What’s the secret? That we’re gonna be exiled.”
“Don’t be silly. You three are heroes, and not only that, you’re rich heroes.” Rall smiled as Donovan and Maerk raised their heads, both appearing confused. 
“Rich?” Maerk asked.
“We’ll get to that later.” Rall held up the stone for the kids to see. “Before I tell you the secret, you must swear upon your honor never to reveal this to anyone. For if the other giants of StoneHold learned this news, it would destroy our society.” He gazed at each. “Do you swear?”
They nodded, each now very curious.
“You must tell no one what you are about to learn.” Rall lowered his voice as if afraid of being overheard. “Okay, here’s the secret: the TruthStone does nothing. It’s not magic; it’s just a rock.” Rall smiled as they processed the information.
“But people sit in front of it, and the Fathers tell them how to solve their problems.” Maerk glanced at Lacy, her sister nodding.
“No, they sit before the TruthStone and still all their uncertainties and fears. They push aside all their problems and doubts and listen to their inner voices.” Rall put a hand on Maerk’s shoulder, then glanced at Lacy. “When you eliminate all the what-ifs and just focus on the solution, without judgment or fear, the solution almost always presents itself. All you have to do is let your mind grow quiet,” he smiled at Lacy, “as you did after Donovan’s capture.” 
Lacy nodded. “I stopped thinking about how I might fail to save him, and instead focused on the solution. When that Baelath charged out of the tunnel, I was scared, but my mind was calm and focused. The solution with the ShadowSnake fang just appeared as if someone else put it there.” 
“But they didn’t,” Rall said. “You put it there.” He took half of the TruthStone and handed it to Lacy, then knelt and smashed the remaining piece on the ground, causing it to crack in half. He gave Maerk and Donovan each a piece. “Giants are comforted by the thought of their Fathers communicating to them through the TruthStone. The fact is, the TruthKeeper, Shannah, has a bag full of these stones. When we get back, she’ll just put another one on the pedestal. Only us four, Shannah WindSinger and FirstColossus Gregg StoneCleaver will know the truth.” 
Rall moved to his weapon on the ground and picked it up. He flung it over his shoulder, expecting it to land in his HammerSling, but the leather was all stretched out. It took him three tries until he had the weapon in place. 
“We’ll tell the FirstColossus of the Forgotten’s plan to infect the stone, a plan, by the way, that you three stopped. When I tell Gregg, he’ll realize you’re all heroes.” A smile crept across Rall’s face, the smile contagious, causing Maerk and Donovan also to grin.
“But . . .” Lacy moved closer to Rall and lowered her voice to a whisper, “what about the thing you were looking for on this adventure?” She gazed up into the old giant’s eyes, hopeful.
“What do you mean?” Rall asked. 
“You were searching for death, a death that would prove useful to the giants of StoneHold.” She swallowed nervously. “Are you still wanting to die?”
“It wasn’t death I wanted, it was a purpose, and I’ve found that.” Rall put an arm around Lacy’s shoulder. “You’re my purpose now.” He turned to Maerk and Donovan. “And you two as well. I’ve decided protecting a rock is stupid. I’d rather protect all of you,” he leaned his head down, “and your father.”
Lacy shook her head, confused. 
“If you want, you all can live with me in the Carn, you know, the Carnelian part of StoneHold,” Rall said. “Many of the homes are empty, so there is plenty of room.”
“But we can’t afford any of those homes,” Maerk said with a frown. “We have almost no money.” 
Rall laughed a laugh so joyous and happy, it drove Maerk’s frown away. “I’m sure all of you remember the chamber where we fought the Baelath?”
“Sure.” Maerk nodded.
“Did you see the metal rails running through the tunnels we used?”
Maerk and Donovan both nodded, but Lacy was already smiling. 
“What was on the ceiling of the cavern?” Rall asked.
The two boys stared at each other, thinking, then a smile spread across Maerk’s face. He glanced at his sister, and she nodded.
“GlowStone.” Maerk laughed with joy, Donovan joining him.
“That’s right.” Rall patted the two boys on the back. “There’s enough GlowStone to make all of you rich. Only the four of us know of that deposit; you’ll never have to worry about money again.” The Protector glanced at Lacy. “We’ll get the best healers to work on your father. He’ll be swinging his warhammer in no time.” 
Lacy smiled, then glanced down at the broken shaft to her weapon, the metallic head lost forever. 
Maerk moved to her side. “Don’t worry; we’ll be able to buy the best warhammer ever.”
Lacy nodded, then glanced at Donovan. “What about you? Are you going back to your father? I’m sure Rall can tell him what you did and how you saved our lives with your weapon. Maybe he’ll finally show you the respect you crave.”
Donovan shook his head. “If he can’t see my value, then his opinion isn’t important.” He glanced at Maerk, then back to Lacy. “You two taught me something.” He tore a ruby from his cloak and dropped it on the ground, then smashed it with his warhammer. “Stuff isn’t important; people are.” Donovan kicked the crimson dust across the ground. “I’d rather help people than judge them, something my family will never understand. I don’t need their respect; I need my own.” 
Rall nodded. “That is wise indeed, Donovan.” 
The boy blushed at the sincere praise, his red cheeks causing Maerk to giggle. Lacy flashed him a glare, then snickered as Donovan’s cheeks grew redder. 
“Come on, let’s get back to StoneHold,” Rall said. “We have much to do.” 
“And GlowStone to mine,” Donovan added.
“Maybe the celebration is still taking place.” Maerk rubbed his stomach. “I wouldn’t mind a few more SweetCakes.” 
“A few?” Lacy asked.
“Well . . . maybe more.” Maerk smiled as he picked up his warhammer. 
Lacy took the weapon from her brother, his arm still bleeding a little. She gathered up the handle to her severed weapon and handed it to Donovan, the boy using it as a cane, helping him to walk with his wounded leg. 
As she headed out of the chamber and into the dark tunnel, Lacy stopped for a moment and glanced at the battlefield, then turned back to her friends, all of them standing at the tunnel entrance. She stared at her brother, lost in thought.
“Lacy, what is it?” Maerk asked.
“I was just thinking about something you said earlier, before the LongNight celebration.” 
“What was it?”
She put an arm around her brother, careful to avoid his wound. “You asked about that special something that would help our family.” 
“Yeah . . . what is it? Money? Power?”
She shook her head, then stopped walking and pointed at Rall and Donovan, then pointed at him and herself.  “It’s not money or power; it’s something much more significant.”
“More significant than being rich?” 
She nodded. “These people here in this tunnel, that’s the something special. We have friends who believe in us and are willing to help; that’s more important than all the gold in Phoenix. People are more important than stuff; we need to always keep that in mind.”
Maerk glanced at their companions, a smile creeping across his face. “I’m glad we finally found them.”
“Maybe they found us,” Lacy said.
Her brother nodded, his smile growing bigger. 
“Let’s go home.” Lacy reached down and picked up the lantern on the ground and opened the side, flooding the passage with light. She handed it to Rall, then started walking, the rest of the party following close behind. 
The love she felt for these giants was nearly overwhelming, filling her soul with warmth. Finally, there was time for tears, and Lacy wept as joyful emotions flooded through her. And for the first time in what seemed like forever, she felt something she thought she’d never feel again . . . hope. 
Next Novel

My next novel to be released is, I’m guessing you already know, is The Giant’s Giant. 
You’ll meet Brianna MineShaker, her Dryad companion, Rayael Juniperus, her Human friend, Stannis Cunningham, and of course . . . Bailey. These four companions will take you on an adventure into the dreaded WasteLands that will leave you on the edge of your seat. Here’s an excerpt:

 
THE GIANT’S GIANT – CHAPTER 13

Brianna shrugged then stared up at the blue sky, the clouds drifting across the sapphire canopy, making the giant shudder. All inhabitants of Phoenix still look upon clouds with feelings of dread; tales of the LongNight having been burned into children from the earliest of ages. A group of LongTailVultures flew overhead, their gray snake-like tails, with which they were able to hold live prey until consumed, writhed and twisted as the creatures glided on the warm currents. 
Brianna glanced at Rayel and pointed to the sky. “You see the LongTails?”
The dryad nodded. “Those things are probably coming from the WasteLand.” 
“Yep.” Brianna glanced around, looking for any other creature they’d like to avoid. 
Patches of strange, thorny trees were visible up ahead, their branches bent and crooked like jagged fingers clawing at the sky. She knew they were called SufferingTrees; it’s what you did if you tried to climb one. The leaves on each branch were a dull gray as if the life had been sucked out of them. From within the colorless foliage, the cries and squawks of bird floated out, the sounds harsh and grating, like animals in pain. The scene was depressing to behold. 
“The plants and animals are becoming distorted from the ColdHeat,” Davyd said. “We must be getting close to the WasteLands.”
“SecondMaester, how did FirstMaester WarGaze lose his eye?” Stannis asked. “With that scar across his face, it must have been a terrible battle.”
“First of all, we’re away from the school, so you can just call me Davyd.” The giant pulled to the left on the reins, steering the team around a large boulder and closer to a small cluster of thorny SufferingTrees.
“Well?” the boy asked again.
Davyd reached up and rubbed his eyes as if he were tired. “Oh yeah, well, he’s never really told me about it.” Davyd looked away from Stannis, making sure they weren’t getting too close to the thorn-covered trunks.
“He never told you about it?” Brianna was confused. FirstMaster SteelClaw didn’t hesitate to tell her about his metal hand. “I thought you'd known him for a long time. He never told you?”
“Some things are not discussed, and how he lost this eye is one of those things.”
“That seems a little strange.” Brianna glanced at Rayel; the dryad also looked surprised. “I’d think that—”
A soft growling sound floated out of the gray foliage of the SufferingTrees. 
“What was that?” Rayel stood, her IronWood staff in her hands. 
Bailey growled, the hair on her long tail puffed out in all directions, her orange eyes darting to the left and right.
Brianna stood with her warhammer in both hands. She stared up into the trees, looking for the source of the sound. The branches shook, dry leaves fluttering to the ground. 
“I saw something move.” Stannis’ voice was hushed, barely a whisper. 
Davyd sat up and gripped the reins tight. “I think maybe we should—”
A huge creature leaped out of the treetops, heading straight for Brianna. Dark, razor-sharp claws at the end of each paw glistened in the afternoon sunlight, the long talons pointed at her head. Its inky-black fur seemed to suck the light from the surroundings, the creature’s toothy maw open wide, ready to take a massive bite out of the young giant.
“Brianna . . . look out!” Rayel rushed to her, but the monster barreled through the air like a dark meteor, heading right toward Brianna. 
She raised her warhammer just in time to hit the creature in the chest, pushing it away. The monster flailed its long arms, trying to grasp the giant, but she was out of reach. A loud scratching sound filled the air as the creature’s long nails clawed at the hammer’s metallic head. Shoving at the monster with her warhammer, Brianna pushed the terrifying creature over the side of the wagon. It landed with a thud, snarling and growling. More monsters jumped out of the tree and landed next to their companions, their fur as black as night.
“Everyone, hold on!” Davyd snapped the reins and shouted at the horses. The team charged forward, eager to put distance between themselves and the terrifying creature.
“What was that?” Brianna asked, holding onto the side of the wagon with her free hand, nervous sweat trickling down her forehead.
“That’s a ShadowBeasts,” the SecondMaester shouted, the clatter of the hooves and banging of the wagon making it difficult to be heard. “Some think they’re part wolf and part bear, but the ColdHeat warped them into what you see now. They’re definitely from the WasteLand. Usually, they hunt in a pack; how many of them are there?”
“I see four . . . no six.” Rayel’s voice cracked with fear. 
“Six?” Davyd’s head jerked about as he glanced around, his breaths quickening. “That’s a lot. Maybe we can outrun them. If you had a bow, Rayel, now would be a good time to use it.”
“I don’t carry a bow,” she said, rapping the floor of the wagon with her staff. 
“Then, we’re in trouble.” Davyd snapped the reins. “Come on, horses . . . run for your lives!”
The wagon raced across the grassy countryside, weaving around clumps of SufferingTrees and past large boulders. Loud, strained breathing came for the horses, the animals clearly getting tired. But their terror kept them running. Suddenly, one of the wheels struck a large stone hidden in the grass. The jolt nearly sent Brianna out of the wagon. She dropped her hammer and grabbed the side of the wagon with both hands, barely hanging on. 
“What was that?” Brianna asked.
“We hit a stone.” Davyd didn’t look back, he just kept snapping the reins, making the horses go faster. 
The entire wagon started to shake. Brianna glanced over the side of the wagon. One of the wheels wobbled about as if it were about to . . . The wheel suddenly flew off the axle, and the wagon tipped to the side then flipped over, dumping the occupants out as it slid to a halt. 
Brianna landed hard on the ground but somehow managed to grab her warhammer. She stood and glanced around, a little dizzy. Racing over a small hill, the six ShadowBeasts charged straight at them, their snarls getting louder and louder. 
“I’m not sure I want to meet these animals up close and personal.” Rayel stood up with her staff in her hands, Bailey, submerged in the deep grass, growling at the oncoming attackers.
Davyd picked up his warhammer and stood beside Brianna. He glanced at Stannis. “You have a sword or something? I think you might need it.”
“I don’t use a sword.” Stannis brushed the dirt and grass from his clothing. “Swords are for killing and—”
“Exactly, that’s what we’re gonna need.” Brianna glared at the boy. “These ShadowBeasts are coming to kill us. Are you gonna talk to them and find a peaceful solution?”
“Well, I don’t know. I guess I can . . .”
Brianna stopped listening to the fool. Let him get himself killed, Brianna thought. That’s one less person to get in my way.
She moved next to Rayel and glanced at the dryad. “Good luck.”
“Maybe we should stay together and—”
But Brianna didn’t listen. Instead, she charged at the monsters, screaming her battle cry, “TREE AGATE!”

Find more information about The Giant’s Giant or any of my novels, go to my website, www.MarkCheverton.com. 
I’d love to hear what you thought of Theft of the Giants’ Soul. Send me an email and let me know; I answer EVERY email, personally. 
If you haven’t signed up for my MPV-Club mailing list, do it now. There will be a contest soon for an autographed copy of Theft of the Giants’ Soul. I’ll also be sending out information about upcoming books, writing tips, stupid things I’ve done . . . Sign up so you can receive the newsletter and get access to all this content. 

Keep reading and watch out for Baelaths

Mark

