


Part 3: Wrath in Righteousness
Chapter 38
“Twins?” Ethelle looked up from her bed, astonished. “Toria, are you sure?”
“Beyond any doubt,” Toria responded with a coy smile, as her hands lingered on the sides of the Lady’s abdomen. She took the gum-rubber amplifier plugs from her bag and carefully put them in Ethelle’s ears. “Hear for yourself.” The metal lines ran from her ears down to the metal plate on her increasingly expansive belly.
It was just the three of us in my lady’s chamber. I watched with surprise as Ethelle listened to the plugs with a strange look on her face. I felt a cold chill run down my spine. We had planned for many things, but the possibility of twins hadn’t been one of them.
Ethelle didn’t seem convinced. “I don’t hear them. Or I don’t think I do.”
“I can feel two heartbeats there, as well as your own,” Toria assured her with confidence.
Ethelle stared off into space for a few moments, absorbing that. “I can scarcely believe it!”
I believed it. Toria was never wrong about these things. Despite her hereditary deafness, Toria’s instincts as a midwife were uncanny. With Ethelle’s permission, I put a hand against her swollen belly and thought I could feel a faint vibration as well. I sat down heavily, my mind spinning with other options. One after another, I dismissed them. She was having twins.
I had been a servant to House Carver my entire life. I’d grown up beside Ethelle, and had known since childhood what love felt like. I loved her, body and soul. The way she held herself, that tilt of her head. How she seemed to have a boundless capacity for optimism, and her gentle, kind way of persuading people. She was perfection to me.
Of course it could never be. I was a servant and she was nobility. Born and bred for a purpose far greater than a worm like me could aspire to. That didn’t stop me from feeling it, though. I was careful to keep it hidden at all times. Even my closest friends thought of it as nothing more than a servant’s devotion to his Lady. Ethelle… she might have had an inkling; I never knew for sure.
The noble Houses had always been vicious and devious in politics, but she had somehow kept the innocence and grace of her past, even after she’d been thrust into that world at fifteen. Her father, Lord Kozau Carver, had died suddenly of heart failure, and her oldest brother had been only eight years old at the time. That had put her in charge. Behind the scenes of course: no woman had ever publicly led any Sustained House.
Somehow, House Carver had not only survived, but had actually gained influence within the Council during that time. When Boshqur had finally been old enough to take the reins, she’d handed him a finely-tuned political powerhouse. I’d loved her all the more for that.
Then she’d been married off to the Fishers, and shipped off to this… gaudy hellhole. It had been only natural that her staff make the trip with her, and I endured our new circumstances with as much grace as I could muster. Eventually, things returned to normal, or as close as normal could be here in the Lord Ascendant’s manor. Then she’d gotten pregnant.
I’d always known that would happen. That I would end up taking care of not only her, but her children and grandchildren as well. Children and grandchildren who weren’t mine. I admit: it hurt. A lot.
I had thought that would be the end of the story. Like my parents, and cousins, and aunts and uncles, I would be just another servant in this family. An uncommonly well versed one, but a servant nonetheless.
When she had called me in three months ago, and told me of her subversive plan, it had amazed me. I’d had no idea she could be so devious, though in retrospect it should have been obvious. She was the only daughter of a Sustained Lord after all.
I’d tried to talk her out of it at first. It was far too risky! There were so many things that could go wrong, even if she could trust her dwarven partner in this endeavor. Her mind was set though. Nothing would stop her from making sure her child lived a better life. “Stra’tchi parents have to give up their children all the time,” she’d told me patiently. “They only get to see their children a few times a year. This will be no different.” Of course she’d been right. Compared to the stra’tchi, our lives—all our lives—were filled with ease and comfort.
Now though, visions of disaster raced through my head. Such pregnancies were fraught with risk. Not two months ago, Lord Mason’s third wife had given birth to a mutation. A freak child with a grossly misshapen head and limbs. She’d died giving birth, and according to rumor Lord Mason had killed the child and threaded its body. I feared the same thing might end up happening here!
I shook my head, taking the amplifier and putting it back in Toria’s medical bag. This changes everything, my Lady, I signed. The arrangement you made with the Hauld was very specific. He’s expecting one child, not two!
“I know. We’ll just have to make do.”
But we have no way of contacting him anymore, I protested. You know how dwarves can be with details. He may view the change of plans as a breach of our contract!
“Which is why you and Toria will have to convince him otherwise. It may be easier than you think, though. He was eager enough to have one line on House Fisher; now he’ll have two.” She gave a weak smile at her own joke, and at least Toria responded in kind.
I must have still looked less than convinced, because she put a hand on my cheek. “Anath, we both knew this plan was risky, but I will not have my child raised in this backstabbing, vicious life. And I know that I can’t choose one child over the other, so we have no choice but to risk saving them both!”
She was right of course. I felt my cheeks warm in shame, and looked at the floor briefly. “Trust me, Anath. We’re going to make this work.”
As I left my Lady’s chambers, I skidded to a halt just before running into someone else, and quickly lowered my head in deference. It was Berilo Fisher. The Lord Ascendant of the city, Ethelle’s husband, and the father of her children. Next to him was his firstborn son, little Tenlor, looking bored. The Lord Ascendant spared me a swift glance, almost as if surveying an insect crawling on the floor. “You’re Anathdur’hu, aren’t you? Ethelle’s little deaf pet?”
I nodded, looking down again as soon as I’d read his lips. The Lord Ascendant gave me no further mind and swept past me into the Lady’s chambers. The little brat, however, stayed behind. I hid a grimace. I knew what was coming next.
“Stay put, deaf-mute,” the little monster ordered up at me, and then kicked me in the shin. I didn’t wince or shift my stance at all. It was only a kid kicking at me, but he was wearing iron-tipped shoes. Shoes he’d had made especially for this purpose.
“Why don’t you say something, deaf-mute?” He asked, kicking again and again. “I’ll stop if you say something!”
Stoically, I just kept looking straight ahead as the little boy kept it going. My shins would no doubt be a mess by the time Tenlor gave up; I knew that from experience. And all of this was just because he was bored, and I was the nearest servant to abuse. I was just lucky the spoiled little prince wasn’t old enough to do any real damage. At least once the plan had been carried out, I’d be too far away for the princeling to torture me anymore.
I spent the time as still as a statue, reflecting on how Ethelle’s babies would never end up like this boy, no matter what happened when she gave birth. And reflecting on the unfortunate fact that Tenlor would likely be just as bad an adult as he was a kid. It really wasn’t his fault right now, but it sure would be when he was grown. He’d been taught that he was superior, right from day one. Not just that he was better than the stra’tchi, as all Sustained had been taught, but superior to everyone else as well. Was it any wonder he was turning out to be a bully?
-.-
Half an hour later I limped my way into Toria’s makeshift apothecary, mindful not to jostle her carefully arranged glass vials. They were everywhere, most of them full of exotic concoctions and corked shut. My cousin was the midwife and a servant as well, but her alchemical knowledge was impressive.
She clucked her tongue at me, a gesture I’d come to recognize over the years, and helped me sit down on one of her taller stools. “Tenlor again?” She asked, carefully rolling up one of my pantlegs. I nodded, grimacing as she applied ointments to my injuries one after another.
My duties in the Manor were administrative: I decided which servant went where, and what they did when they got there. Since most of the house staff couldn’t understand handtalk, there were a few who translated for me, like Toria herself. In contrast, Toria was the conversationalist. She’d trained herself very carefully to sound ‘normal’ in speech. I’d never really decided if I envied her for being able to express herself, or pitied her for being stuck halfway between deafness and hearing. That very ability of hers had often set her apart among our own family gatherings.
Regardless, she bore it with good grace in both cases. Wasting little motion, she finished tending to my legs where the metal tips had dug past the skin, and then gently bound them with clean cloth and tied them off. Somehow she did so without causing much further pain. She’d always had a healer’s touch.
On the bench next to her equipment was a freshly brewed tonic, poured into a small glass vial and corked shut. Is that it? I signed curiously. It didn’t look like much, but it was the key to our plans.
Toria nodded distractedly. “I already gave her some of the potion for tomorrow. I told her not to drink it until the afternoon, after the Lord Ascendant leaves. About half an hour later, perhaps an hour, she’ll go into labor.”
You’re sure it won’t hurt the babies?
She gave me a sardonic look. “I don’t tell you how to do your job. Don’t tell me how to do mine. Yes, I’m sure.”
I bowed apologetically. Yes, ma’am.
“We’ll have to be careful to time it just right,” she continued, tightening my bandages—a little too hard, I felt. “The Masons and the Tanners are still holding their initial peace talks tomorrow, and there’s no way our Lord Ascendant would miss being there himself.”
In retrospect, I had to admit the genius of my lady’s plan. With constant bickering between the Houses, her husband was always being called off here or there to put out brushfires. If she went into labor while he was enforcing delicate peace talks, word wouldn’t reach him until it was too late for him to get back.
She’d made a point of swimming in the Waters at the same time each day of her pregnancy, as part of her routine. No one would question her heading down there with just Toria and me in tow. Toria and I had prepared a sort of… cave nearby, just east of the Waters. We’d made sure it had everything we would need when the time came. There, out of sight and earshot from anyone in the Manor, she would give birth, hand the babies off to us, and then swim downstream towards the threads.
There was a reason pregnant women were forbidden from entering the threads. Navigating while carrying a child within was risky: often causing the child to come forth early, and possibly even killing it in the womb.
And that’s exactly what she hoped to tell everyone. She’d fainted during her daily swim, and floated downstream into the threads. She’d woken up just as she’d entered the threads, and quickly exited them again, but it had been too late. Her baby was dead and gone, and she was understandably distraught. Toria and I, as devoted servants to her House, were equally devastated at our failures, and took our own lives in a similar fashion. Fortunately for us—though not quite for our ancestors—that was a relatively common practice.
It wasn’t a foolproof plan, but it was pretty close. It had a lot of moving parts, but I was confident my lady could sell it to her husband when he got home. Two babies… shouldn’t change things too much.
-.-
As a senior steward to House Carver, I had my own quarters on the manor grounds. When my Lady had moved here to Sevvas patch my authority had been undercut a little by the Fisher servants, but not enough to deny me my own room. With a sigh, I removed my coat and kicked off my shoes. In public, I had to be neat and orderly. In private, it was my own business.
I lit a few candles and closed the door, thinking of the day. What would become of us when she came to term? My life would change drastically, that much was clear. For one thing, I would be living among the dwarves. And I would be a parent, Aquun help me!
Hanging on the wall in the small kitchen was a plaque with the words I’d written so long ago in old Patali. Words that had been a creed to my family, since almost the Threading itself. Ouna tsao qilgys. Family above all.
What did those words mean to me, after all this time? My Lady wasn’t family. And her children were certainly not. Doing this would mean betraying that creed—betraying my family! Most of them wouldn’t see it that way, if the truth ever got out. We’d been linked to House Carver, almost down to our souls, for so long that many would view my actions as heroic. But could I see it that way?
Striking a tinder twig, I lit the kitchen fireplace and filled the old pot with the Waters before situating it above the flame. The irony of this was that back before the Threading, my Lady’s ancestors hadn’t even been nobility, much less linked to the Imperial court! Her ancestors had been servants. The name, Carver, had come from her ancestor Jutos Carver, son of a cook in the old Royal Quarter of Vasiriah. A cook who happened to be in service to Inedias’hu. My great-great-great-something grandfather.
I’d heard the stories about my forebears. Inedias’hu had been an important man in the Empire. A general for the Imperial armies, and a shrewd tactician. What they hadn’t lauded about him was his cruelty. His… mutilation of his servants.
Even back then, my family had suffered deafness. And because of the strict policies concerning marrying outsiders, that family weakness had only become more pronounced over time. Inedias’hu had insisted on cutting out the tongues of our family’s servants, and piercing their eardrums. If he couldn’t understand what they were saying, he felt that no one should be able to.
Perhaps my ancestors had deserved to be overthrown and made into servants themselves. Aquun’s grace and justice touched all, after all. Yet that phrase kept rattling around in my head. Ouna tsao qilgys.
I stirred the soup ingredients restlessly. Toria certainly didn’t think of such things. Her service to House Carver had been just as diligent as mine, and when we talked of such things her dedication and surety were quite obvious. Was I selfish to think otherwise?
Maybe this was just jitters. I was about to be a father, after all. Or the next best thing. Two enormously important young lives would depend on me for everything. Toria would help of course, but it was my education—my knowledge that they’d need growing up. They would see their mother as well, but only in carefully timed and planned visits. My Lady would only be able to watch them grow up from a distance.
That settled it. I was being selfish. She was giving them up to make sure they had a better life! What was my small sacrifice compared to that? And yet my sleep that night was still restless.
-.-
I remember being prodded awake. Toria’s concerned face swam into focus above me. “Wake up, Anathdur’hu!”
One look out the windo told me that I’d only been asleep a few hours. The New Day’s moon hadn’t even set yet, and the sun was still hours away. What is it? I asked, and then rubbed my eyes to clear them.
“One of the maids just told me! Lady Ethelle has gone into labor!”
I was on my feet in an instant. Has word gotten out?
“It’s all over the manor! That little brat Tenlor got wind of it and ran through the halls shouting about it!”
We made our way to the manor grounds, and I turned the situation over and over in my head. What could we do? The Lord Ascendant had most assuredly been told as well. There was no way we could simply pass this off as an accident now! All I could do was just be there for her. It seemed the guards outside the manor knew as well; they waved us through without any of the usual rigmarole.
Can you give her something to delay the birth? I signed at my cousin as we hurried through the halls. Even a few hours might be enough.
She shook her head. “I have a potion back in my chambers that could do it, but I think it’s too late now. It would risk one or both of the babies.”
Apparently she was right, as we soon discovered. Even Toria seemed taken aback when she saw the state of my lady’s chambers. My lady was gripping both posts above her bed as if for dear life. Blood had already seeped its way through the bedframe itself, and my lady’s face was ashen and fearful. Before I knew it I was next to her, clasping her hand in mine. I’m here, my lady, I mouthed to her and she nodded, clenching her jaw as another contraction hit.
At least it was just the three of us—my lady had insisted that only Toria and I be there for the birth. The Lord Ascendant had, if only reluctantly, allowed it. Toria got to work immediately, giving her a tonic to dull the pain a little—just about the only painkiller that could make a dent on labor pains, before peeling away the bloodstained cloth to get a better look.
I’d been witness to the birthing process once before, years earlier when Lady Ethelle’s youngest brother had been born. As a young man I’d found it… deeply disturbing. Sustained guards, House soldiers, even the Ascendants themselves often brag about what they do in battle. Chopping heads off, burying axes and swords in the body, shooting men dead from over a hundred spans away—that sort of thing.
We men have nothing on a woman giving birth.
Granted, most births aren’t an obscenely bloody business, but each one could be. At least in battle we can hone our skills; increase our odds slightly, but a mother in childbirth has no control over her fate! What is risk in battle compared to that?
Those hours in her bedchamber seemed to last years. Not even the Lord Ascendant dared enter—I can only assume because of the screams she was making. Toria herself winced repeatedly, and she was partially deaf!
Time and again I wished it was over, if only for my Lady’s sake. Something was obviously wrong—I knew Toria’s face well enough to know that for sure, even if she did an admirable job of putting on a brave show. Perhaps the first baby had turned over. I’d heard of such things happening and forcing drastic measures to preserve both child and mother.
“Push, my lady!” Toria urged her once more. “I can see the head!”
For a slender woman, Ethelle had always had a firm grip. I felt the bones in my hand grind against each other as she crushed my fingers together. Merely seconds later though, it was over. Toria leaned back, a tiny squirming body in her hands.
We’d been over all of this many times. I had a clean cloth ready and wrapped the infant up as soon as it was handed to me. Or she, rather. Toria poured boiling water on the edges of a sharp knife, and cut the baby girl’s cord with one sure stroke.
Weakly, my Lady reached up to the child. She stroked the baby’s crying face, and then pulled away, I assumed to get ready for the next. I turned away from the bed and carried the baby over to a basin to wash her. All newborns looked this way—as if dealing with some terrible internal struggle within their flesh. Skin blotchy and red, eyes clenched shut, and mouth open in angry protest.
I don’t know what it was that warned me. I just felt that something was… wrong, and turned around again. My lady had indeed relaxed, but too much. She lay back on the bed, eyes staring sightlessly up to the ceiling. Her arm dangled off the edge of the bed.
As usual, Toria didn’t waste any time. Quickly moving to my lady’s side, she leaned down over her face. “She isn’t breathing, and her heart’s stopped!”
I could only stare. Toria placed her hands together against my lady’s chest and began rhythmically pressing down, hard. Few people in the city knew how to start a heart beating again, but Toria was one. My whole world seemed to shrink down around me, and it was just us there in that room—alone in the universe. And now that universe could get even smaller.
Again and again, Toria tried breathing life back into her. Seconds stretched into minutes and before I knew it, we weren’t alone anymore. The Lord Ascendant had entered, along with Tenlor at his knee and a few attendants. She hadn’t screamed in a while. It made sense that they would finally come and see what was happening for themselves.
As they watched Toria leaned back again, this time because of death and not life. “She’s gone, my liege.”
One of the attendant ladies took the little girl from my arms and I barely even noticed. I just stared down at Ethelle, wishing and willing her to start moving again. The Lord Ascendant was saying something, but I didn’t care. We had failed her, both of us. I’d promised her that we would make this work, and I’d let her down.
It took a few minutes for them to file out of the room and Toria, following the baby, was the last to leave. She caught my eye—ever the practical one she was—and nodded at the body. She knew what I had to do next, and if anyone could guarantee me the privacy I needed, it was her.
I still don’t know what lies she told out there in the hall. Perhaps she told them the truth about my love for Ethelle; I don’t know for sure. But whatever she said, it worked. I had the necessary time. Brandishing the knife, I started cutting.
It took maybe five bloody minutes, but I finally was able to remove the other baby from… my beloved’s body. A boy this time. He didn’t cry much at first, but I bundled him up quickly to hide what little noise he could make. I hid what I’d done as best I could, trusting Toria to prepare the body for the ceremony.
Scooping up the baby, I left through the servant’s door into the east wing. Even now people were mostly absent—celebrating the birth of the Lord Ascendant’s daughter, and condoling the loss of his wife. I knew most of the patrol routes from memory, and avoided them easily enough.
Dawn greeted us just after I made it off the manor grounds. The baby’s tiny face looked up at the brightening sky with wonder. A miracle that itself compared to the miracle of his survival. There, at the edge of the threads, we waited for the dwarven navigator to see us… and for our new life to begin.
-Disgusted, Durhu crumpled up that last page and threw it into the fire. Little Arico (named for one of Durhu’s great-grandparents) was barely crawling, but when he was grown he’d need a better explanation than that.
Durhu scanned over his confession, and then decided to start the tale over again from the girl’s birth. Toria had made contact last week, actually. She had stayed close, in order to keep an eye on the girl. Naturally they had kept a servant like her at a distance from the baby they’d named Hazra. At least she was healthy, though. Thank Aquun for small favors.
Raising Arico alone had been, well, difficult at first. Durhu had never been told just how much work caring for a baby could be! Durhu had spent the first few weeks in a near-constant state of exhaustion. The dwarves had always been on hand to ease that burden, but Durhu had been suspicious of their help so far. He couldn’t tell if their assistance was because of genuine hospitality, or a desire to keep Arico safe and happy so that they could use him later on. The Hauld had been ubiquitous in that regard.
They’d even given him a dog, specially trained to come get him if Arico was crying. They must have trained it to work with other parents who’d been deaf. Ultimately it didn’t matter. In a few years the two of them would move again, this time to become stra’tchi. If they were both still alive, anyway. That’s why he was writing this now. If something happened to him, at least Arico would have some answers about where he came from. Answers that came from a trustworthy source and not the dwarves, at least.
Durhu wrote out the series of events again, still feeling nauseated. In the second version, Ethelle didn’t die until after Arico was born. She had time to say goodbye to both her children before her heart stopped, and viciously cutting into her flesh hadn’t been necessary at all. Durhu’s hands still shook when he thought about that. A comforting lie, but a lie all the same.
Speaking of lies, even now he was still getting used to his new name. A lie was always easier to tell if it had a grain of truth, but he’d been known as Anathdur’hu his entire life. Taking the second half had been necessary. Almost an homage, really, to the woman who’d called him Anath. And to the little girl who’d sacrificed everything—even though she may never know it—for her brother to live a good, happy life.
-.-
Chapter 39
“So you didn’t choose this life at all, then!” Jaas exclaimed as he finished his story. “You were bred and intended for this, since… before you’d even been born!”
Arico stood up to get a drink, not really knowing how to respond to that. He’d been talking for hours, explaining everything to Endu and Jaas after having brought all of them back to the Enclave. Including his sister.
Hazra was still unconscious, in a secured room several levels below them. He shivered thinking about that. If the Lord Ascendant found out that she was here, he would no doubt kill everyone in the Enclave to get her back. Arico supposed he should start thinking of the man as just Berilo instead of Lord Ascendant, now. For years the terms had been interchangeable, but now that the secret was out, he would have to get in the habit of calling him by his name. Changing how he thought was the first step.
Back to the immediate threat: Hazra herself was far too dangerous to be left on her own, and her injuries had been serious, even life-threatening. Sabra was right in wanting her dead, given the threat she posed, and Arico had to recognize that. Despite that, something primal had gripped Arico back there in Ste’hetha patch, when he’d taken off that mask. Sure, she’d been trying to kill them all, but she was still his sister. Still his blood. For a single irrational moment he’d even wanted to attack Sabra for what he’d done.
Bringing her here had been the safest option. Here she could be contained if she woke up, and treated until she did. At least Arico hoped she could be contained. If some of the stories about the assassin were to be believed, Heartbane was something of an escape artist.
Once she was safely in custody, he’d faced Endu and Jaas. Sabra had been listening in as well at first, but the giant had gotten bored and left a while back. Both women had pressed him for details. Endu because of her obvious interest in anything that could give them the advantage in this war, and Jaas because of her insatiable curiosity. Neither seemed that aware of how painful it was to tell it. Not at first anyway.
Jaas’ observation stuck in his mind, though. He had chosen this life… eventually. He could have stayed with Nouma, in their comfortable life together, but he’d decided to abandon all that and come back to the fold. Despite his unfortunate bloodline, or perhaps because of it.
Until today, it had been a secret shared only by himself, Durhu, Aunt Toria, and the Hauld as well. According to everyone else Arico had always been just a refugee from Sustained territory, and nothing more. Not even Chanul or Alzhi had known. Now that the truth was out, and it was only a matter of time before whispers reached the Lord Ascen—Berilo—he reminded himself. Only a matter of time before Berilo heard.
It was inevitable that his true bloodline would become public knowledge eventually. The Hauld had even planned on it. After they’d overthrown the Council and disbanded the Ascendants, Arico was supposed to present himself as a replacement. A governor of sorts who could bridge the gap between dwarves and humans. There was even talk of him taking a dwarven wife to solidify their alliance, though that was far from certain. Dwarven women had the right to choose, just as the stra’tchi did, and Arico didn’t think much of his chances. But his true family wasn’t supposed to be revealed this early! No, the Hauld wouldn’t be happy about this.
Arico was still cursing himself for having let it slip. Between his own exhaustion, and the sudden attack, and Jaas’ injury, he hadn’t been thinking. He would have to explain all of that and hope the Hauld understood. Another painful part had been the ambush itself. Not for him, really; all he’d suffered was a few bruises and some cuts on his sword arm and right leg.
No, he was concerned because Jaas had avoided capture back there, by little more than a hair’s breadth. They both knew what that would have meant for her. She still hadn’t told him what had happened during her missing time with her mysterious allies, but it had to be something similar, because it was obviously still affecting her. He’d heard her voice tremble more than once as she and Endu peppered him with questions about his history. Her most recent question: why had his mother wanted him to be a freedom fighter in the first place?
Arico didn’t have an answer to that one. In truth, his mother hadn’t wanted that at all. All she’d wanted was a good life for her children, and she’d been cheated out of being part of that life! The Hauld had been the one insisting on a rebellion, even if it was for good reasons, and it had been he who had wanted Arico involved—Durhu had been opposed!
That was part of why Arico had started that other life in Sustained territory with Nouma in the first place. His ‘parents’ had been fighting tooth and nail, and what child wouldn’t want to leave that behind?
When Nouma had finally confronted him about his false name and history, it had put an end to his childish fantasy of having a normal life. Even so, it did feel good to get all of this off his chest. He was a Fisher by blood. Normalcy was just about the last thing he could expect from this life.
Almost reluctantly, Arico kept on thinking back to this business with his sister. He’d kept tabs on her from a distance, trying to learn more about her. Clearly he’d missed a lot of what she was up to. He had hoped one day to introduce himself to her and her Clarion consort. To be part of her life after the fighting was done. He’d even envisioned what that meeting would look like, and where. Hardly the same as the bloody and violent scene that had really happened.
There were still so many questions! Who had trained her? Why had she become Heartbane? Berilo probably knew what she was, but did anyone else? Up until now, nearly all of Heartbane’s victims had been Sustained nobles or servants of the various Houses. Did she kill people only for her father, or for herself as well? Only Hazra could answer those questions. Arico doubted she would be very forthcoming, but he had to try and reach out anyway. It was the brotherly thing to do.
-.-
Hazra drifted between light and darkness. The threads were only the beginning, passing over her and on into eternity. Dark shapes flitted in and out of sight, accompanied by soft voices. Her mother’s voice, she imagined.
Pulling her mind free of the flow of images, she tried to focus on one. The shapes cleared, and the voices sharpened as well. A little girl, chasing an older boy through a garden. “Give her back!”
The boy laughed, holding the purloined doll above his head. Gold-colored hair made of string cascaded down on top of his head as he kept the constructed captive out of reach of her would-be rescuer. “Tenlor, give her back right now! She’s mine!”
Hazra looked down at them, and could almost remember the indignation in her own voice. Then she was the little girl once more, jumping up and trying to get her precious… Itral. Yes, that was the name. It was the doll she had slept with every night, who was as real to her as anyone made of flesh and blood.
Tenlor darted away again, with Hazra in hot pursuit. Her face reddening, she snatched up a small stone from the garden’s edge. When her brother came to a stop again, she threw it straight and true. The rounded pebble skipped right off Tenlor’s forehead, bounced off a nearby tree, and fell into the bushes. Stunned, Tenlor dropped the doll and put his hands to his head. A slight trickle of blood flowed between his fingers as he dashed away back to the manor.
In an instant Hazra had retrieved her doll, cradling it in her arms. Itral seemed unharmed, despite having been waved around like a butterfly net. Odjes knelt next to her in the garden and embraced her in turn, lifting her off the ground. “There, there. Everything will be all right now.”
Hazra pushed him away roughly, and was herself again, tall enough to look him in the eye. “Why did you bring me here?” She demanded harshly.
The garden wavered, plants becoming blurry again, and the sunlight flickered as she lost concentration on it. Odjes laughed lightly. “You brought me here. I’m just along for the ride, remember? Still, I haven’t seen this particular memory of yours in a very long time. Hazra the little lady,” he knelt at the garden path where the child Hazra was running up to the manor after her brother.
Her surprise faded away, quickly replaced by embarrassment. “I’m sorry, Odjes. I just… well, you know I don’t like these trips into my past.”
Odjes nodded understandingly. “There must be some reason you came here, though. This was what? Twenty-seven years ago? The day you found out you had perfect aim?”
“I’d never tried to hit anyone or anything like that before. It came so naturally to me.” Hazra felt a little more at peace, now that she was remembering. Odjes hadn’t been there to embrace her in real life, but he had been there in her dreams that night. Just as unreal as her doll, perhaps, but even more comforting in his own way. She must be dreaming again. In the sha’haln, or Odjes wouldn’t be here too.
“It wasn’t exactly ladylike of me,” she admitted, picking up the bloodstained rock, “but Tenlor never stole from me again, did he? I remember thinking later on about joining an Ona team. But then, that wouldn’t be ladylike either.”
“You would have been spectacular, I’m sure,” Odjes agreed.
Their surroundings shifted again, this time to her first Ona match. Or rather, the first one she’d observed, given that she could never play. Odjes was still there, sitting in the stands next to her. “There’s Tenlor,” he pointed, singling out her now-teenaged brother as he maneuvered his way down the field. “Come on, let’s give him a real challenge!” He pulled on her hand, and after a brief tug-of-war she allowed herself to be coaxed down onto the field as well.
The match was close, as all such competitions were in her dreams. Odjes had told her that was because she craved competition and risk, and she could hardly disagree. In the final moments she was barely able to slip the ball past her brother, and into the scoring zone. The crowd cheered loudly, jumping up and down, but Tenlor just vanished. Of course he did. Hazra had never seen Tenlor as a graceful loser in the real world, so she couldn’t picture it here, either.
Suddenly she and Odjes were back in the viewing room, with her father and Tenlor’s body. She showed her father who she really was, and barely got anything in response. That was when Heartbane had stepped up. The killer who’d been a part of her for years. The killer who demanded to be named heir, and promised her father revenge if he did so.
Heartbane.
Here, in dreams, she could face the reality of her life. Here she knew that she was a killer as well as a princess. Here, she and Heartbane were one in the same. Both impulses were present within her, but here… they weren’t at war with each other.
When she woke up though, she knew she wouldn’t remember any of this. Any clue as to her identity as a world-class assassin would be gone, and Hazra would be just ordinary, barren, useless Hazra again. Only Heartbane was aware of the full game, and she kept it secret, claiming to be protecting her weaker half. Even the Clarion had gone along with that, Hazra had eventually realized in dreams. He did love her. But why did that love have to be blended in with lies and hurt?
Things had changed between Hazra and her father in the days since her revelation, but not much. He’d given her all the information he’d promised, and had questioned her in detail about her training and skills. But still it was as if Heartbane was just another Ascendant soldier to him, and nothing more. Everything she’d done for him—everything she’d promised to do, and he still hardly noticed her at all! At least she could still rely on her other mentor.
Odjes had been her teacher, right from the start. In dream after dream, Hazra had found herself part of a unit. A group of similar soldiers; some of them women as well. He’d drilled them all in basic endurance at first, and then moved on to tactics and stealth in combat.
Even though her squadmates weren’t real, somehow they helped. They suffered alongside her, night after night. Odjes’ advice had echoed through her even while she’d been awake, teaching her muscles what her mind already knew. At her request, he’d taught her how to kill, and she was very good at it.
Through all this time, though, Hazra had known that Odjes was unhappy. In the waking world he was a soldier himself—or so she surmised—but he taught her reluctantly. His lessons often came with warnings about what it was like to kill, and to live with that. Eventually though, he had realized she wouldn’t be deterred, and stopped holding back. Not that any of that had brought her any closer to her father. Blinking back tears at that, Hazra shook her head and tried to shift again. Not to another memory, but to the waking world itself.
-.-
Her heart beat faster, and her breathing quickened. Awareness flooded Heartbane’s mind, filling her perceptions with information. She could feel sunshine on her face, and see red through her eyelids.
There was pain too, shooting through her side. She moved minutely, trying to gauge the extent of her injuries. Odjes had taught her how to block pain as well, but in situations like this it was better to feel it all. She had three, or maybe four ribs cracked, she determined after a moment. They had been expertly bandaged. Heartbane’s lips tightened as she realized what that meant.
After Tenlor’s assassination, her father had been driven to identify his killer. The heretic was the obvious target, but his female companion was the one her father really wanted. The surviving guard had given a full report, saying that she blamed Tenlor for murdering her daughter. After Tellek patch had been destroyed, another woman named Endu had apparently never been found among the bodies. Neither had her children. It was likely she knew the heretic personally.
For some reason, Heartbane’s father was convinced that this Endu was the assassin. Perhaps he knew more about this murdered kid than he was willing to share. It was most likely a dwarf who had bandaged Heartbane’s ribs, which was a repellent thought, but Endu had been a noted healer in Tellek. She was a possibility, too. If so, she might still be in the area.
Heartbane kept her eyes closed during all this rumination, listening intently. She thought she could hear breathing to her left. A brief glimpse showed a man sitting in a chair a few spans away. He wasn’t facing her, so she quietly sat up, hoping fervently that the floorboards didn’t squeak.
She was in some kind of cottage, which looked old but well-maintained. The cot underneath her was new: probably brought in here recently. His chair was in front of what looked like the only door, and he was reading an old leather-bound tome while he faced the sun-kissed hills outside.
It was Arico. The heretic and traitor.
Memories swirled through her head in a confused haze. The heretic and the Harbinger, vanishing into the threads together, against all odds. The giant had been there, too. She remembered the Harbinger fleeing up the hill, and she remembered killing the giant. But after that… she’d just woken up here. Wherever here was.
It was midmorning out the window. She’d been unconscious for several hours at least. There was no sign of anyone else out there as well. She could escape easily, if the heretic was alone. However, this was also a chance to finish what she’d started. Her daggers were nowhere in sight, but her armor had been draped over a chair nearby. Along with her mask. The mask’s improvised dagger was gone as well, but Heartbane had more than one trick up her sleeve. Literally, as it turned out.
 She reached for her armor’s left sleeve. There was no way she’d be able to put on her armor without alerting the heretic, but she could at least arm herself. Sure enough they hadn’t found it; as it was sewn right into the sleeve. A thin metal wire, pliable enough to not interfere with movement while wearing the armor. Less effective than her daggers maybe, but still deadly.
Heartbane doubted she’d be quick enough to kill him before he could disappear into the threads again, but at least this time she’d be touching him when he did it. She liked her chances in a fight for control over where they went. Who knew? Maybe she could even bring him to her father alive!
With a grim smile, Heartbane wrapped the long wire’s ends around both her hands and approached her captor from behind. She had almost reached striking range when he suddenly said, “I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”
Heartbane paused, and the heretic turned slightly in his chair to look back at her with a smile. “I’ll just disappear again, and this time you won’t be able to track me.” She slowly lowered the garrote with a grimace, as he stood to face her. Behind him, she saw a glinting mirror in place on the ground. So that was how he’d seen her moving. Sneaky.
“I’m Arico,” he said unnecessarily. He started to extend a hand, and then dropped it with a sheepish look on his face. “Of course you know that, don’t you? Hazra Fisher probably knows a great deal about me.”
With effort, Heartbane was able to keep her expression from changing. How in the Many did he know who she was? She’d certainly never seen him before, not without her mask on, anyway. She would remember any stra’tchi vividly. Although, his shoulder mark looked new. Maybe he’d decided the time for disguises was over.
“Why am I here?” She demanded, as much to cover her surprise as to get the answer.
He only sighed. “I brought you here to watch over you, to make sure you recovered. You took quite a hit.” He glanced out the window. “Besides, I think you and I have a lot to talk about.” The heretic gestured to the nearby dining room table, and then took a seat there. He didn’t look afraid at all, but then he could just vanish if he wanted to.
“Sit, please. You have nothing to fear from me, and you can leave whenever you want. We’re the only two people in this entire patch.” He poured a glass of water for each of them and gestured again, a patient look on his face. “A friend once told me that in order to get someone’s trust, I need to give it first. There are some things I need to tell you, before you go home.”
Still suspicious, Heartbane let Hazra slowly take a seat opposite him.
-.-
Chapter 40
Jaas looked up from her manuscripts as Arico came plodding down the stairs atop the Fishbowl. “Hey. How did it go?”
He shrugged. “Well, she didn’t try to kill me again. I suppose that’s progress.” He put his pack down, and sat heavily in one of her room’s larger chairs. “I told her everything. Our mother’s plan to save us, Durhu and Toria’s involvement, all the circumstances of our birth except the specifics about the dwarves. I doubt any Sustained is ready for the truth about that just yet. As for the rest of it, she took it well, for the most part.”
He sighed. “At least she went home peacefully. She’s probably back in her room in Sevvas patch by now.”
Jaas gave him a concerned look. “What if she tracked you back here? Do you think she might try again?”
“I doubt it,” he shook his head. “Now that people know who she really is, she won’t be very eager to put herself in danger again. I think she went back home, at least for the time being.”
Jaas stood slowly, and stepped over to him. “This isn’t easy; I get that. You want to reach out to your sister, but don’t forget who she is, and who her father is.” She reddened slightly as she realized the obvious extent of that. She still wasn’t used to thinking of Arico, rebel leader and gentle soul, as the only remaining son of Berilo Fisher, tyrant and monster. “I mean who raised her. Do you really think you can get through to her?”
Arico shrugged again. “I don’t know. Maybe. The Hauld said the same thing when I gave my report to him. He’s worried that I’m wasting my time, but I told him it’s my time to waste. And if I can reach her, well, the things she could tell us could make quite a difference.” Jaas didn’t say anything, but didn’t bother to hide her skepticism.
“I owe her, Jaas!” Arico’s voice took on a note of desperation, and he turned away to look down into the rest of the Fishbowl. “When I look at her, I see myself! Or rather, who I could have very easily been, if I’d been born just a few minutes earlier. I’m living the life that she deserves, don’t you see? The very least I can do is try and heal some of the harm my father has done to her. If that means risking my life in the process, then so be it!”
Jaas shook her head. She’d always had a good relationship with her brother. He could be overbearing at times, and a little condescending, but she did love him. They were far enough apart in age that there was no competition between them, and had different enough interests that they’d never had any need to interfere in each other’s lives.
She’d pitied Arico for being an only child, but now that she knew he had an estranged sister, who was also a vicious murderer, Jaas didn’t know what to think. She could only guess as to what was going through his head right now.
Arico sighed. “I found it very strange talking to her. I don’t know exactly what I expected, but it wasn’t that. There’s something not quite right about her; something I couldn’t put my finger on. Not that assassins are known for being the sanest of people, I admit. But then I’m a traitor and a heretic to most of the city. I should be a raging maniac according to them.” He shook his head. “I’m just lucky she bought it when I said I could vanish whenever I wanted.”
Jaas pulled out a blank parchment and reached for her quill again. “About that. What happened back there, anyway? In all the fuss with your, uh, sister, it kinda got pushed aside. How did we get into the threads? We were more than a dozen spans away from the edge!”
He shrugged helplessly. “I have no idea! It shouldn’t have been possible. But then, Hazra being able to track us through the threads shouldn’t have been possible either. I don’t know what to make of any of this. I told the Hauld what happened, but he thinks I’m still in shock and that I’m remembering things that couldn’t have happened. Not that I blame him, really. It is a crazy story.”
Jaas frowned, trying to think of possible explanations. “You’ve had navigators in this city for hundreds of years. Have you ever heard of anything like this before? Any stories of people being able to do tricks with the threads that most people didn’t believe?”
Arico didn’t respond at first, and Jaas thought back to her time outside the city. There were plenty of myths and legends out there, about people performing super-human tricks and stunts. However, those were all explained away by the use of magic. She was much more inclined to believe stories like that in here, where magic was of no use.
“The first Council trained navigators in a specific way,” he said slowly, apparently still mulling it over. “The dwarves had their own training methods for their navigators, too, but the actual methods for both sides haven’t really changed in centuries. There’s only one person who might know of a way to develop skills beyond what we would consider normal navigating, but he’s off limits to us.”
“Who is it?”
Arico sat heavily next to her. His normally steady breathing was labored, and his skin was noticeably paler than usual. Jaas recognized them as signs of tiredness, though, not of fear. Still, if he was willing to indulge her curiosity right now, she wasn’t about to argue. “Have you heard of Lord Edon Cartwright?”
“I’ve heard the name,” she said distractedly, quickly trying to find her initial notes on him. “From what I could piece together, he’s some kind of Sustained spymaster?”
Arico nodded. “I suppose that’s what he’s become, but it wasn’t always so. Most people don’t know the full story, either.” He went silent and looked around for a few moments, as if looking for anyone eavesdropping on them. They were in a safe enough place, though. They were on the top level of the Fishbowl, on a sort of bench outside Sabra’s quarters. He was out at the moment, trying to strengthen his chest after getting stabbed. No one else was in sight, and their voices were unlikely to filter down to the rest of the Bowl, as long as they kept quiet.
“Cartwright’s story is a little unusual,” Arico went on. “His family was powerful and rich—not wealthy enough to buy a seat on the Council, but still influential enough. He was on the fast track to power too, like forty years ago or more. He was even friends with Berilo Fisher. They advised each other informally, even after my father became Lord Ascendant. But he never really cared about joining the Council. Cartwright was much more interested in the threads themselves. How they worked, and why.”
He waited for her to scribble down the basics before continuing. “When he inherited control of House Cartwright from his father, Edon threw everything into studying the threads. He squandered his entire family fortune in just a few years. He came up with experiment after experiment, each more elaborate than the last, to figure out everything he could about them. Then, maybe ten years later, he made a public announcement in the courtyard in Sevvas patch. He claimed that the threads themselves were alive! That he’d discovered this, and that the threads actually spoke to him!”
Jaas stopped writing, and turned that idea over in her head. On the surface, the idea had merit. After all, the threads were unlike anything she’d ever studied before. Therefore, the possibility that they might be some kind of life form had to be considered. The evidence didn’t back that up, though. She’d been through them many, many times, with at least five different navigators. The streams of light inside the threads didn’t appear to react to any stimulus she’d seen… and the threads themselves didn’t seem to need sustenance of any kind, as all life does. They had remained static for centuries, while even the trees inside the city had spread seeds to propagate themselves. The threads hadn’t shown any signs of life that she could tell, and she’d studied them probably more than anyone else in the city. Except possibly this Cartwright person. “I take it people didn’t believe him?”
Arico grimaced. “He was laughed off the stage. Not even the other Sustained nobles could get behind the idea. After that, most people just assumed he’d lost his mind, and stopped taking him seriously altogether.”
There was something in his voice though. It was more than just sadness that people thought Cartwright was some kind of madman. To Jaas, it sounded like suspicion. “You don’t think he was wrong, though, do you?” She asked, realizing a second too late that her statement sounded like an accusation.
“I don’t think the threads are alive, or can talk to people,” he said a little defensively, “but clearly he was on to something. After his public disgrace, he went into a kind of self-imposed exile. He spoke to no one except his daughter Belaya, and he stopped giving public audiences. But he also suddenly had this, well, insight of sorts. He could just tell what his rivals were about to do, or had done. He seemed to be able to outmaneuver any other Sustained with ease. Politically, or even physically at times, when they tried to confront him in person.”
Jaas pondered that for a bit. “Well, he is a spymaster,” she rationalized aloud. “Isn’t it possible he’s using his contacts to make it seem like he’s tapped into some kind of thread-based power beyond our understanding?”
Arico nodded. “That’s what I thought too, at first. Now I’m not so sure. It’s possible he was able to hide his status as a spymaster up until that point, and then just used the story about the threads being alive to increase his reputation, but what would he gain by all of that? Spies are at their best when no one even notices them! By coming out with that information publicly, he made sure that everyone noticed him. It’s hardly the masterstroke you’d expect from a lifelong spy, is it?”
She’d never really had any experience in statecraft, so Jaas couldn’t really tell. But from a logical viewpoint… no, it didn’t make much sense. She scanned over her earlier notes, and then remembered what she’d meant to ask. “You said he was off limits. Why is that? Is it because he’s friends with the Fishers?” She almost stuttered at that last name, but it was pretty clear by now that Arico was intent on becoming used to talking about them as his family. Even if he wasn’t happy about it.
“Actually, he’s not close to them anymore,” he said, his voice more puzzled now than before. “When Cartwright started to make his predictions, and it became clear just how powerful he really was, the other House heads began to fear him. My father’s family was the only one that stood by him, as he made fools out of everyone else who came after him. Either Cartwright would reveal information about their own families that embarrassed them, or tricked their allies into betraying them, or just responded with the exact force necessary to stop them in whatever assault they were planning. He could do no wrong! But then, just over thirty years ago, something unexpected happened.
“I don’t know how exactly,” Arico said as he traced his finger along Jaas’ map, “but somehow my father was able to surprise his friend, despite his newfound insight. According to the Hauld’s spies, he went to visit Cartwright in the evening, and about a half hour later a mysterious blaze started up in his manor. It consumed everything, killing at least a dozen servants and badly burning Cartwright himself. Belaya wasn’t there at the time, thankfully. Still, he’s never been the same since. He’s been spotted, maybe three times in public since then? And each time he was bandaged head to toe, and walked feebly, with cane. Belaya’s almost the only person who he’s willing to talk to, and she deals with other people on his behalf.”
Jaas leaned forward with interest. “Do you know for sure if the Lord Ascendant set the fire?”
“No, but there’s been no contact between them ever since. It makes sense that there was some kind of falling out between the Fishers and the Cartwrights. If my father didn’t set the blaze himself, he definitely knows who did.”
“But how does that put him off limits to us? I mean, only a handful of people know you’re related to the Fishers. Do you think Cartwright knows too?”
Arico sighed. “I’m not sure. Even if he does know, the Hauld has forbidden anyone in the movement from seeking him out. See, ever since he struck out on his own, Cartwright has been selling his information to people. Even to common people who have no connection to the Council or the penets or anyone else of importance. Basically, if you have a question, you can ask him. If he does respond, which is rare, he always demands a favor in payment. It’s never money or influence, though. He doesn’t seem to care about those things any more now than he used to.”
“What kind of favors does he ask for?” Jaas asked suspiciously. This whole situation sounded uncomfortably close to the kind of arrangement a crime lord might make. Someone like Kurkennis, that thug who’d killed Codi’s niece.
“That’s the weirdest part,” he said softly. “I only know a few of the deals he’s made for sure, but he always demands something to do with marriage or children. Take this for example. One of Lord Weaver’s children fell sick about eight years ago. None of the healers knew what was wrong with the boy, and over time he just got worse and worse. In desperation, Lady Weaver went to Cartwright and asked him if he knew anything that could help. Using his daughter as an intermediary, Cartwright told Lady Weaver exactly what kind of medicine would do the trick. It worked beautifully, and the boy recovered quickly. However in exchange, Cartwright demanded that she marry the boy off to a specific girl in Barros patch when he came of age. And she’s not even a Sustained noblewoman! She’s just some merchant’s daughter. It makes no sense, at least from a nobleman’s perspective.”
This was fascinating. “Did she uphold her end of the deal?” Jaas followed up.
“Oh yes. She did, and the two of them are happily married now. Or at least I assume they are; I haven’t heard anything to the contrary. Anyway, all of his demands are like that. Who to marry, and when. Where to send a child to school, and for how long. I haven’t found any connection between any of his clients so far, or the favors they’ve been asked to do!” He said with obvious frustration. “I can’t piece it together! And I really don’t like mysteries like that, especially since the Hauld won’t let me investigate.”
“Why won’t he?” Jaas asked curiously. “I mean, if Cartwright really is never wrong, and he’s obviously not on speaking terms with the Fishers, then why not tap into what he knows?”
Arico shook his head. “The Hauld is convinced that the fight they had was staged. That they never stopped working together. He’s sure that if we make contact with Cartwright, it’ll get back to the Fishers immediately, and he’s right to be concerned. The Sustained have a long history of pulling stunts like that to get any advantage over each other.”
He grunted irritably. “No, right now it doesn’t matter if Cartwright has some mystical connection to the threads or not. We have to do without him either way.”
“Just the same,” Jaas said smoothly. “You don’t mind if I go over your research, do you? Even if we can’t make contact with him, I’d still like to figure him out.”
“Be my guest,” Arico responded, standing up with a grimace. “I’ll bring the papers over to your dwelling right away, but then I need to get some sleep before I just keel over or something. Maybe you can see something I missed.”
-.-
Night had fallen on Patchwork, blanketing the entire city in a quiet darkness. It was a bit early in the year for crickets, but a few had started their nightly noisemaking. The politics of the Ascendants and the dwarves, the quake that had signaled the arrival from the Outside, even the presence of the threads themselves, meant nothing to them. All that mattered was the song, and the search for a mate. And the possible presence of predators, of course. The crickets instinctively silenced themselves and scurried away as uneven footsteps crashed down nearby.
Heartbane reached down with difficulty and retrieved a pebble from the dry streambed. The Waters had flowed through Sevvas patch once upon a time, but no more. They’d been diverted around the patch not long ago for security reasons. Ironically, it had been done in response to her own actions.
She caught sight of a few Ascendants rounding the corner of the manor, and flattened herself painfully against the wall. Thankfully they didn’t look in her direction. They must have been following a standard patrol. It seemed they didn’t know she was missing, or they’d have kept a much closer watch. There. She was in sight of the balcony, and the glass doors were closed. She winced with effort as she tossed the pebble up there, and it rattled against the door.
Heartbane grimaced and gripped at her side, at the very tight bandages on her ribs. She could barely throw a pebble right now. What madness had gripped her earlier, making her think she could kill the heretic? It would be weeks, maybe months, before she was in fighting form again.
The door opened and a familiar face looked down. He spotted her almost immediately and his face transformed with relief, and with newfound concern. Heartbane gave him a pre-arranged hand signal, and he nodded with understanding.
It seemed like a small eternity, as she waited with little or no cover. She had little choice, though. There was no way she could climb the rope up to the balcony, not in her current condition. For now all she could do was stay here and hope not to be noticed. Finally, the scullery door opened and the Clarion reached out, wrapping his arms around her.
It took virtually all her control not to pull a dagger on him. Her instincts screamed as he embraced her. And she nearly did too, as her cracked ribs protested under the grip. Fortunately the Clarion let go quickly, ushering her inside.
Hazra had the luxury of physical contact. She could enjoy the simple sensation of running a hand along someone else’s skin. She could enjoy the shudder as she made love to her consort. To Heartbane, it was nothing but vulnerability. Even lying down on her stomach as the Clarion stitched up her back was a weakened position. Being hugged was no different. But she needed the Clarion, and he was obviously distraught, so she put up with it for now.
“Where have you been?” He whispered fiercely, pulling some clothes out of a bag for her. “You’ve been missing for more than a day! And what in Aquun’s name happened to you?” He eyed the bandages peeking out from beneath her armor.
“It’s a long story,” she admitted, as he helped her put the dress on over her armor. “Just help me get upstairs unseen, and I’ll fill you in.”
This early, there were still servants in the hallways. The Clarion looked around corners and led the way when it was clear. For a diplomat, he was surprisingly adept at being sneaky. Sometimes Heartbane could forget that he had trained as a soldier—or at least the nonviolent aspects of one—and served in many patches during the last Tumult, back before he’d been named Clarion.
Her new maidservant was apparently still in the servants’ quarters as well. She was young—perhaps fourteen—and eager. Ever since Toria had disappeared, Heartbane had never really been at ease here in the manor. Hazra didn’t really like the new girl either.
At least she now knew what had happened to Toria. Whether she believed the heretic’s wild story was another matter. A story she told to the Clarion, once they were safely in their room again, and the door was closed and locked.
“He… said he was your brother?” The Clarion asked evenly, but with a hint of disbelief slipping through his careful control.
“My twin brother,” Heartbane corrected, nodding. The story hadn’t taken long to tell after all, but it was certainly a stretch to believe.
The Clarion said nothing at first, as he continued to examine her injuries, or rather how they’d been dressed. So far he hadn’t said much about them, which generally meant approval. “How do you feel about that?”
Heartbane almost smiled. True to form, the Clarion’s top priority was her. The political ramifications of her statements meant nothing by comparison. She could have announced that the sky itself was falling, and the first thing he would have asked is if he should put his coat above her head. No wonder Hazra loved him so.
She shook her head. “I don’t know how to feel about it. His story is plausible, but there’s no proof! He claims Toria is there, in the Enclave with the dwarves, but he could be lying about that. Without her, I can’t be sure about any of his claims. For all I know, everything he told me was a lie, or was misinformation given to him, as part of some plan to discredit my father!”
“But some part of you wonders if it is true?”
She paused. There was part of the story she’d left out. Still, if anyone could be trusted, it was the Clarion. He already knew everything else, whether she liked it or not. “There’s something else I saw. Something even more incredible than his story. When I first attacked them, the heretic pulled on the threads. Just like I can. That’s how he and the Harbinger escaped me at first.”
The Clarion’s jaw dropped fractionally. “How is that even possible? Your gifts are unique! Or at least I thought they were!”
“I was there,” she insisted. “I couldn’t believe what I was seeing, at first. At least I was able to track them. It seems he’s just like me—when he vanished into the threads, it was to the nearest edge. Otherwise I wouldn’t have been able to follow them at all.”
“So you’re not the only one after all,” he said, sounding a bit dazed. “You know, I always wondered why you were different. I mean, I always knew you were special—both sides of you, that is—but I also wondered just what made you able to pull the threads like that.”
“So have I,” she said somberly, as she laid down on the feather bed. On her side, and carefully, with her bandages towards the ceiling. “The heretic’s abilities give his ‘long-lost brother’ story a certain credence. We know that navigational skills are passed on through bloodlines, and if he can do what I can…” she trailed off.
They both stayed silent for a while, listening to the crickets outside. Down below, they could hear the servants cleaning up in preparation for sleep, and the rest of the staff had already retired for the night.
“What will you tell your father?” The Clarion finally asked. He already knew of the deal she’d made with the Lord Ascendant: revenge in exchange for her being named House Fisher’s heir.
“How can I face him, Clarion?” She asked desperately. “I failed in my mission! He gave me the list of locations, and which one they’d most likely visit next. He practically handed them to me, and they slipped through my fingers all the same. I didn’t bring back even one of them, and I didn’t even get a glimpse of my target!”
“You can’t blame yourself for that,” he put in serenely. “There’s no way you could have predicted the heretic’s abilities. Remember, you did track them down. And kill their giant. You wouldn’t be going back to your father empty-handed.”
“He won’t let me try again, though,” Heartbane grumbled. “Now that they know who I am, I’m at more risk than ever. If I tell him the truth, he’ll lock me up in here like some kind of porcelain doll! Plus there’s a complication now, where there wasn’t before.”
The Clarion nodded. “Because Tenlor wasn’t his only son. If he believes the heretic’s story, you’ll suddenly have a rival to House Fisher’s power.”
Blood was everything to the Sustained. A man’s heritage—or a woman’s—meant everything here. The Clarion may have been raised ascetic: may have been insulated from that fact for most of his life, but he did understand it as well as anyone else. Even the dreaded heretic—the Lord Ascendant’s most hated enemy, would suddenly become a possible ally if the truth were known.
“How can I tell him?” Heartbane persisted, uncomfortably aware that right now she sounded more like Hazra than herself. “It could undermine everything!”
“I can’t tell you what to do,” the Clarion countered, and then snorted at the irony. “Nor would I be foolish enough to try. Remember though, your father has meant everything to you for a very long time. I saw how cut up you were the last time,” he swallowed, a bitter expression appearing on his face. “The last time we failed to give him a grandchild. Each time, really. And yes, I know that was Hazra, not you, but you remember what it felt like all the same, don’t you? That’s why you started your ‘career’ as Heartbane in the first place. To prove yourself to him, and to earn his respect! You always intended to tell him eventually.”
He took her hand in his, and for once she didn’t pull away. “Ask yourself this: if the heretic really is telling the truth, wouldn’t your father want to know as soon as possible? And wouldn’t he want to hear it from you, rather than from some stranger, or from Arico himself?”
Heartbane thought about it. The Clarion was right, but there was a wrinkle in his suggestion. “Still, I have no proof! Not without telling my father about my other abilities, anyway. He knows I’m Heartbane, but he has no idea what else I can do.”
“Then leave that part out,” the Clarion put in immediately. “If he asks how you know, just tell him… it’s intuition. Tell him a sister just knows. Make something up! Even if he doesn’t believe you at first, at least you will have told him what he needs to know. And if he ends up trying to reach out to Arico, if he wants to make this heretic into his heir, then you’ll know the truth about him, won’t you?”
That was an exciting thought. To test her father, rather than be tested by him. Heartbane shifted in bed, and winced. “What about Hazra?” She asked despondently, as she strained against the tightness of her wrappings. “This was my longest disappearance yet. How will you keep the truth from her?”
The Clarion sighed and then coughed a couple of times. His cough had been getting worse recently. Hopefully when the weather warmed, he would recover quickly. “I’ll tell her that she was sleepwalking again,” he said after a moment. “That she injured herself, possibly falling down the stairs, and has been recovering for the past day or so.” At her surprised look, he just shrugged. “I’ve had some experience keeping the truth of her existence from her. I can handle her, don’t worry.”
-.-
Chapter 41
Endu rounded the corner in one of the lower levels of the Fishbowl, and came to a stop, staring up. Despite the dimness, she could see a protrusion at the top of the large tunnel. Whatever it was, it was moving.
“Who’s there?” She challenged quietly, taking a step back and drawing her matchlock. It wasn’t loaded, but whoever was up ahead might not know that.
Ahead, the shadow attached to the ceiling twitched, and then dropped down onto the floor. Endu pulled a torch from a nearby sconce and stepped closer. It was Sabra. He got up slowly and stretched as best he could within the passage. “Sorry, brown-eyes. Sabra was hiding, and hoping not to be noticed.”
Endu set the torch back with some relief. The giant was starting to be a more familiar sight in the Fishbowl, but then he was usually a lot more obvious. “Why were you hiding up there? You’re not usually so elusive.”
Sabra grunted. “That’s the problem. Sabra needs to learn to be more sneaky. Sabra’s been beaten twice in a row! First by the child—by Veles-” he corrected himself grudgingly, “and then by skull-face!”
So that was what was bothering him. “Well, my son prepared the, uh, battlefield before he challenged you. And from what I’ve heard, Heartbane agreed to fight unarmed, and then pulled a dagger. They both sort of cheated, don’t you think?”
“Exactly! Sabra has never had to be sneaky to win before. Outside the Deathwatch patch, things aren’t so simple anymore. Sabra needs to learn how to cheat like they did!” Heaving himself up again, Sabra gripped what were apparently handholds he’d carved in the rock ceiling and nodded to her. Obligingly, Endu backed up the passage again and looked in his direction.
“I can see… something at the top of the passage, Sabra. You’re not completely hidden. If I didn’t live here, I might think you were just more rock, though.”
A growl came up the passage. “Not good enough. Sabra needs to do better.”
Endu resisted the urge to shake her head as she walked under him and continued down the passage. Someone of Sabra’s size would never be able to hide very well. He’d have to find another way to be sneaky.
-.-
Storytime had come and gone, but Brin was still there. His head was resting on Ta’anu’s chest; he was asleep in such a way that only a child can be. He was curled up on the couch, just like he used to when he still slept in a crib, and Ta’anu was content to stay still so as not to wake him. Brin was approaching his third birthday. In just a few months, he’d be taken away and branded. There wouldn’t be many more peaceful moments like this, and Ta’anu didn’t want to waste any time with his son. Though if all went according to plan, Brin might not be taken away at all.
There was a quiet knock on the door. Given how late it was, Ta’anu looked up with suspicion, and shared a glance with his wife across the room. “I’ll get it,” Ifey said softly, and made her way to the door.
Me’denna greeted her from the night air outside. He was sweating despite the cool evening, and looked out of breath. If Ifey was surprised, she didn’t show it. She only welcomed him inside, and then gently picked Brin up off of Ta’anu’s chest and carried him out of the room. Ifey wasn’t a Thorne like the two of them, but she knew enough to give them some privacy. Good woman.
Me’denna took a moment to catch his breath, and then straightened in respect as Ta’anu rose. “Sir. I think we’ve found it.”
Ta’anu just stood there for a moment. “You think you found it?” He gave his subordinate a wearied look. “This isn’t a guessing game, Me’denna. Tell me what you know.”
Me’denna looked down with a grimace. “Yessir. Tre’cah and I were in the threads, looking for the fields like you said, when we caught sight of a wagon train and a pair of Ascendants on the edge of…” He trailed off. “I don’t remember the patch name. I can show you on the map.” He shucked his pack and reached into it for the vellum rolled up inside.
“That’s all right,” Ta’anu said firmly. “What happened then?”
“Right. Uh, Tre’cah had this idea. See, the carts were empty, and they were headed to the threads. So Tre’cah hid and then just as they went into the threads, he jumped in back of one of the carts!”
Before Ta’anu could respond, Me’denna continued excitedly. “See, that way he went along for the ride! They took him straight to another patch, an’ he jumped right out and back into the threads!”
Ta’anu took a deep breath. He had half a dozen navigators under his command, all of whom had been searching almost day and night since Tellek patch had been wiped out. Actually since even before the Briar meeting where he’d gotten permission to go searching! Unfortunately, his navigators weren’t the highly trained Ascendant soldiers he’d seen in Sustained patches. They weren’t even the disciplined but less powerful House Guards that each Sustained family kept in service. No, his navigators were little more than excited amateurs. As evidenced by their sheer recklessness!
“Was he seen?” Ta’anu asked with some strained patience.
“He didn’t think so, boss. Uh, sir.” Me’denna amended quickly. “His shape inside the threads is a tiny beetle. So he figured he could go along for the ride and not be noticed.”
Well, at least he’d shown that much sense. In an effort to mold his men, navigators and otherwise, into a more efficient fighting force, Ta’anu had put military rules in place to govern them. They were still learning, though.
“He came straight back to me and told me where they went,” Me’denna continued. “A wide open patch with big fields, but he said he ain’t seen any crops like what they had growin’ there!” That was certainly promising. Still, it was a big risk. If either of those Ascendants had been alert, they might have killed Tre’cah or worse, captured him.
Ta’anu would have to have words with Tre’cah later on. After he’d confirmed their findings, naturally. If word got back to the other Thornes that Ta’anu’s men had been taking such risks, they wouldn’t hesitate to reprimand him. In fact, they’d probably remove him from power altogether. When it came to their secrecy, they did not mess around. They might even send the giant after him, though Ta’anu doubted it. As much as he secretly wanted to test his skills against the hulking monstrosity, he didn’t think much of his chances against it.
Me’denna was still standing at his approximation of attention. “I take it Tre’cah is back at his home by now?” Ta’anu asked wearily, and Me’denna nodded sharply. “Good. Go home and get some sleep. I’ll contact the others and get their blessing. Tomorrow night, just before dusk, I want you to gather everyone here, ready for a fight.”
Me’denna saluted, accurately for once, and dashed out. He was clearly too riled up to get much sleep, but he would do as he was told. Unlike Tre’cah, anyway. Despite this near miss, Ta’anu was encouraged. Based on the description, it sounded like Tre’cah’s gamble had paid off.
Ta’anu spoke to Ifey briefly, telling her he’d be gone for a few hours. He kissed the sleeping Brin on the forehead, and went out to call another Briar meeting. This one, he was sure, would be much more heavily attended.
-.-
The voice was faint but persistent in Arico’s ear. Mumbling to himself, he turned over in bed. “Wake up, Arico. You have to wake up, right now! You’re in danger, Arico!”
The voice was getting louder, or perhaps more desperate as it pierced the fog in his mind and he begrudgingly pushed his way into consciousness. Only to gasp in surprise. He was in the threads!
The white streams of light passed through and around him, and the empty space spread out in every direction. Frantically, Arico opened a window as quickly as he could. It was dark, but he could see stars through it. He exhaled noisily and felt his heart thumping in his chest. Even though neither his heart nor his breath was real in here, his shock and fear certainly were.
How in the Shemras’ dark hearts had he gotten here? He’d gone to sleep in the quarters he shared with Durhu inside the Fishbowl. They were nowhere near the threads!
At least he’d been able to open a window safely. He peered through and thought he could make out some familiar looking structures. He was next to the Enclave, thankfully. He gulped as the stark reality of the situation hit him. The sheer closeness he’d come to being lost forever. Then he remembered the voice. It had been Odjes’ voice, he thought. Perhaps his instincts had woken him. Or perhaps it had just been a dream and he’d been lucky enough to wake up in time. Either way, it had been far too close for comfort.
After taking a few moments to calm down, he navigated his way to the nearest underground passage and entered the Enclave. The dwarven guards at the mouth of the tunnel both gave him surprised looks—no wonder, given that he was still in his sleep-wear. They were disciplined enough to not inquire, though.
“I need to meet with the Hauld,” he said quietly, grateful that his voice wasn’t shaking. “I know it’s late. Just tell him it’s a Par’hama situation. The Harbinger should probably be there as well, and I’ll bring my father along too.”
The dwarves exchanged another glance, and then one of them bowed and hurried down another passage. They had no idea what that Par’hama meant, but the Hauld did: a deadly threat to either him, his son, or Arico himself.
-.-
Half an hour later, Arico, Durhu, Jaas and the Hauld had finally gathered together in one of the antechambers off of the main greeting hall in the keep. Arico made sure that no one was close enough to listen in, before telling them what had happened.
Predictably, Durhu and the Hauld responded with deep concern, and Jaas was more curious. “From what I can tell,” Arico elaborated for them, “I woke up at almost the very moment I entered the threads. If I hadn’t woken up in time…” he trailed off.
“What would have happened?” Jaas insisted. She had her quill and parchment ready, but wasn’t taking this down. It seemed the others’ concern was wearing off on her.
The Hauld spoke up first, before Arico could explain. “Thar’s a reason no navigator goes ta sleep inside tha threads, lass. E’en tha Council dinnae order their own men ta stay inside mor’n eight hours at a time. If anyone drifts off inside, then they’re jus’ gone. Driftin’ forever inside tha threads, an’ never able ta find their way out! Or so mos’ people believe, anyway.”
“If I hadn’t woken up in time, I’d most likely still be stuck in there,” Arico finished for him. “No one knows for sure what happens to people in that situation, but none of them have ever been seen again. It’s happened maybe a few dozen times since the Threading.”
Jaas’ quill twitched as she started taking all of this down, and her face showed noticeable concern. “You said you were in your room, in bed. Is this the same thing that happened when your—when Heartbane attacked us?” Her pause was brief, but she glanced in Durhu’s direction for just a moment.
Arico smiled. She was getting better at keeping information private, that was for sure. “It’s all right, Jaas. I already told Durhu everything. Yes, I think it is the same effect that we saw when fighting my sister. I wasn’t sleeping back then, of course. At first I thought that me jumping into the threads like that was just instinct. Just a side effect of fighting for my life, and for yours. But if I can vanish from my own bed, clearly something else is triggering it. If I can’t find out what, then I’m in serious danger here.”
Durhu took a sharp breath, as he always did when he got a sudden idea. There’s something else, he signed slowly. Just before you brought me here, I noticed a small hole in the stone wall of our living room. About as wide a finger would be. Still, it’s cut right into the stone, and there’s another hole in your room about the same size and direction. They’re both pointed right towards where the nearest threads are. Or would be, if you could cut through solid stone all the way.
“Arico lad, tha team I sent ta Yeggin patch foun’ somethin’ like that in tha wall where ye were attacked,” the Hauld added excitedly, being one of the few dwarves who could understand Durhu without a translator. “A hole, abou’ tha same size, cut right into the stone. I dinnae think anythin’ o’ it at the time, but it’s too similar ta wha’ happened in yer home.” Jaas opened her mouth, but he cut her off quickly. “An’ tha hole weren’t from tha dagger tha’ stuck ya in the hand, lass. Ye can be sure o’ tha’, at least.”
“You never told me you sent people to Yeggin patch,” Arico said curiously, but couldn’t quite keep a note of accusation out of his tone.
The Hauld shrugged. “Well, ye were busy a’ tha time, what with yer sister an’ all.”
Arico nodded. “Fair enough.”
When Jaas spoke, it was slowly. As if she was reasoning it out as she said it. “The only thing we know of that can cut stone that quickly and cleanly are the threads themselves,” she extrapolated. “What if you didn’t actually jump us into the threads back in Yeggin patch? What if, instead, you pulled the threads to yourself?”
The Hauld and Arico both shook their heads immediately. “That’s not possible,” Arico said confidently. “The threads can’t move. Or at least they haven’t moved in over three hundred years. If they could, there’s no way we wouldn’t know about it by now. It would have changed everything! Besides,” he added as it occurred to him, “if I could pull the threads into my room like that, I would have been the first to see them when I got back. Aside from those holes in the wall, our dwelling is definitely threads-free and normal.”
“Hear me out,” Jaas continued with that overly patient tone she liked so much. “What if you did pull the threads to you, but just for a moment? Long enough to get into them, with me along for the ride, but then you let go and they just snapped back to what they were before? Think of it like stretching that gum rubber you use to seal your homes. Once you let go, it immediately goes back to the form it had before!
“And then again, in your sleep, you pulled the threads to you. They cut holes in your dwelling and in your bedroom wall, you jumped into the threads, and then they snapped back to where they’d been before!” She concluded breathlessly.
It made a certain sense, Arico had to admit, but in his experience nothing like this had ever happened before! Testing her theory would be difficult, given that none of them knew how this was happening in the first place. Besides, he had a much more pressing problem to handle first, anyway. “Hauld, I… I think we should contact Cartwright. If anyone knows what’s happening to me, or has heard of anything like it, it’s him.”
He expected the Hauld to object immediately, but got nothing but silence from the old man. That in itself was unsettling. Apparently the Hauld was just as disturbed by all this as Arico was.
When he finally spoke, it was in a determined voice. “All righ’, lad. We’ll sen’ someone ta Lady Cartwrigh’s place in tha mornin’. It’ll have ta be someone who cinnae navigate, tho. ‘E’ll never see a navigator, ye know tha’.”
“I’ll reach out to some of our sympathizers in Tonnok patch,” Arico said with some relief. “They can bring a message back to me. And if they’re followed, maybe I’ll just disappear right then and there,” he added with a small smile. “If there’s an upside to this, it’s that I’ll be that much harder to pin down, won’t I?”
It was a poor joke, and did little to raise spirits. Jaas was kind enough to smile in response. Durhu did too, but then started signing again. It might take a few days before he gets back to us, though. Will you stay awake the whole time, Arico?
Arico hadn’t considered that. Even if Cartwright could help him, there was no guarantee he would want to, and no guarantee that it could be done quickly. The prospect of staying conscious for three or four days straight wasn’t a very appealing one. But then, neither was being stuck forever in an empty white expanse. “I’ll make do. Maybe take some of those spiced drinks the cooks can make. If they can keep dwarves awake, they should be pretty strong for me as well.”
“Actually,” Jaas put in with a confident smile, “I have an idea about that.”
-.-
“You gotta be kidding me,” Arico complained, back in his room some hours later.
“It’s the only way to be sure,” Jaas responded serenely, as she tied the rope tightly around his wrist. She wasn’t tying him to the bed, as some people found arousing, nor to a chair. She was lashing his wrist to another, smaller wrist. A wrist belonging to Tarith, Nemith’s excitable son. Sure enough, the kid was grinning like an idiot, even now as the back of his hand was pressed against Arico’s forearm.
“Nemith has things to do,” Jaas continued, “and his wife Ansanah is no navigator. If you jumped into the threads with her, she’d be as helpless as I would be. Tarith can help you, though. You fall asleep tied to him, and if you end up inside the threads, he’ll be able to wake you up and bring you back no problem. And if you don’t end up in the threads, then at least you get some sleep. It’s a win-win situation.”
“It’s a ridiculous situation,” Arico grumbled, but with no real force behind the complaint. He had to admit her idea had merit.
“Come on, Arico,” Tarith said brightly. “It’ll be fun. I can navigate us back just fine if things go wrong. If they don’t, well, Chanul lent me a book from the Hauld’s collection. I can read fine one-handed, and if you snore I can just poke you until you stop.”
“Yeah, I can’t wait,” Arico said dryly, as he laid back and tried to get comfortable.
“I’m just concerned you might hurt him,” Jaas said with a slight crease to her forehead. “That’s why he’s on this side of the bed. The last two times, it looks like you pulled the threads from their nearest location. If you do it again, they should come from that side of the room, away from Tarith. If they can cut through stone, imagine what they could do to a person!”
Tarith looked a little concerned as well. This was new to him: the idea of the threads being malleable, in any way. But he was a kid, and kids could handle seemingly incredible information—not to mention possibly dangerous situations—much more easily than adults. That was probably why Jaas had chosen him in the first place. Busy or not, Arico was sure that Nemith would be willing to help if the situation was dire enough, but she’d gone with his son instead.
Thankfully in this case, there was no risk to Tarith from him. “It’s all right, Jaas. Remember, he’s a navigator. It wouldn’t matter if I pulled the threads right through his heart. He’d still be completely unharmed.”
“In theory,” Jaas reminded him, at the same time finishing the last knot.
“Right,” Arico admitted softly. “In theory.” She was right: this was new territory for all of them. Still, no matter how ridiculous this whole process was, he did feel safer now, thanks to these two.
-.-
Chapter 42
The next morning Jaas found herself and Arico strolling through a massive hedge maze on the other side of the city. Tonnok patch was home to some of the most immaculately cut topiaries she had ever seen. House Grover was in charge, so somehow that made sense, but it was still an impressive sight.
There were smaller sections of shrubs near the threads that seemed to have been cut into many different shapes, including one that was obviously a mimicry of the Spire itself. However, the main theme, further inside the patch, was animals. There were hundreds of them, all facing towards the center of the patch, and the further in they got, the bigger the ‘statues’ became. Dog and pony-sized plants near the edge of the patch became elephants as they continued inward.
That was strange. Most of these animals didn’t live inside the city, and it was doubtful any of them had come close enough to the outside to be observed by anyone inside. Perhaps it was like Arico’s kingfisher form in the threads. Perhaps the people here had just carved these animal likenesses from images recorded in books. Regardless, it was an impressive display of landscaping.
Arico led the way between green-lined buildings and down an alley on the north side of the patch. “This is Grover’s home patch, but he leased a few buildings to Cartwright years ago when Lord Edon was forced to sell his family estate.”
“I thought you said they were enemies,” Jaas said softly. It was still early in the day, and people were just starting to get up and move around, but they could be listening.
“They are,” Arico said, also looking around, “but there’s an old saying: keep your friends close and your enemies closer. No doubt Grover wanted Cartwright here, where he could keep an eye on the old man. He just had no idea how powerful Cartwright really was at the time. Now, he can’t risk evicting Cartwright without incurring his wrath. Not that any of us really know what that would look like. I don’t think I’ve ever heard of him being angry about anything.”
They reached the end of the alley, and Arico took one last look around before raising his hand to knock on the door. Before he could touch it though, it cracked open and light shone through from inside. Arico took a step back, obviously surprised. Jaas could relate.
“Do come in,” a woman’s voice said from inside, “quickly, please.”
Jaas felt misgivings about this, and it must have shown on her face because Arico took her hand reassuringly. “Come on,” he said confidently. “If Cartwright wanted to hurt us, he could have done so long before now.”
Inside was a tree of an entirely different sort. Even before she got a look at their hostess, Jaas’ eyes were drawn to the massive lines on every wall in sight. Branches labeled with names had been carved into the walls, intertwining and intersecting all over the place, and extending out of sight into the other rooms. With effort, Jaas focused on the woman instead, as she introduced herself.
“I’m Belaya Cartwright. I’ve been looking forward to meeting you.” Her gaze lingered on Arico for a moment more, as she extended a hand to each of them. “Especially you, Arico. Please come with me.”
She was short, even shorter than Jaas, but she had brilliant blonde hair and blue eyes, along with a friendly smile. Her ancestry was undoubtedly Paleqi, which meant her father probably was as well. Ever since Arico’s cryptic descriptions of his abilities, Jaas had tried to uncover as much information as she could about this enigmatic Cartwright, but she kept running into walls on the way. Almost every account she’d dug up back in the Enclave was just conjecture: people spinning theory after theory to explain Cartwright’s history and abilities. There was nothing solid or confirmed about any of it.
Their host led them into the modest living room, and two tall figures stepped up beside them as they walked. Jaas nearly jumped in surprise. Not only were they intimidating, but they moved almost completely silently. Both were covered in bandages, head to toe. Not even their eyes were fully visible beneath the wrappings.
The way they moved reminded Jaas of the dwarven combat training she’d been put through. They took in all entrances as they moved, assessing threats and subtly changing positions accordingly. It was clear they were thinking like bodyguards, which meant they could probably handle themselves in a fight. At least they weren’t armed, as far as Jaas could see.
“They’re Lord Cartwright’s acolytes,” Arico explained reassuringly. “They serve as guards, usually, protecting his family. They wear those bandages to honor him and his injuries. And they never speak. Like, ever. Don’t worry, though—they won’t hurt us unless we give them a reason.”
Jaas didn’t find that particularly comforting, but soon enough her attention was pulled away from the mummy-like guards. The walls in this room were also carved with lines from apparently the same tree, and led into another room next door. Ahead of them, Belaya gestured to chairs surrounding a table. There were three glasses set out, and a bowl of fruit between them. Filled with ralash, a kind of dried citrus that Jaas had always liked. Come to think of it, her glass smelled of ginger tea, and Arico’s looked like it was filled with that q’rish brandy that he and Durhu liked.
Belaya took their coats and hung them by the entryway. “You must be thirsty after your trip into Tonnok patch,” she said graciously. “Father asked me to prepare this for you, before you have a chance to meet him.” She looked from them to the acolytes and back. “Oh, don’t let them bother you. Just think of them as part of the scenery. It’s how I deal with them.”
Jaas shared a glance with Arico, who just shrugged with an I-told-you-so expression on his face. He took a sip and nodded to Belaya approvingly. “Thank you.”
Belaya grinned brilliantly. “Excuse me. The stew should be just about done by now.” She glided past them, her white gown billowing as she made her way into the other room.
The surprises were coming too fast for Jaas. For one thing, Arico had insisted she come along. For reasons that remained a mystery, Cartwright would not speak to any navigator other than his daughter, so he’d brought her along in case she was also needed as a go-between. Not that she had a problem with that—it was precisely what she’d been doing between the Enclave and the Thornes for weeks now.
But Cartwright hadn’t just been expecting them. He knew their favorite food and drink. He’d known exactly when they’d arrive, down to the second! Did he already know what they were going to ask?
Arico seemed fine with all of this, though. He looked around at the tree carved into the walls. A family tree, apparently, so far-reaching it had to be displayed in multiple rooms. Jaas couldn’t see the base of this tree yet, but she assumed it led down to Edon, or perhaps Belaya.
“I’ve always had a lot of respect for Cartwright,” Arico said as he followed the branches with his eyes. “With this kind of power, he could have done what almost any other man would have. He could have used it to leverage his own House into leadership. He could have put down his enemies one by one. Most likely he could have made himself Lord Ascendant without much difficulty, but he chose a higher path.”
Jaas thought for a moment about what he was trying to say. “You mean by trying to explore the threads and what they’re made of?”
“I mean by exploring enlightenment,” Arico explained. “The threads are part of that, sure, but Cartwright clearly doesn’t care about money or power. In that way he’s no different than the Clarion. He’s trying to figure out the meaning of things, instead of trying to control them. He’s tapped into a simple truth that none of the other Sustained seems to have grasped just yet.”
He smiled slowly. “As a wise man once said: the very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream.”
It did seem unusual for a Sustained Lord to have that kind of power and not use it to get more power. “Well, he was nearly burned to death,” Jaas speculated slowly. “Maybe that gave him a perspective he didn’t have before.”
Arico shook his head. “No, Cartwright was like this before the fire. There’s a reason he only advised the Lord Asc—my father. He was always an advisor, and never a ruler. I think he believed that knowledge wasn’t just the same as power, but it was even better. Because it could be used for more than just power!”
Jaas wasn’t sure she could agree. Sure, Cartwright was unusual for a Sustained Lord, but that didn’t mean he’d tapped into some kind of enlightenment. “Actually from what you’ve told me, it sounds like Cartwright is a diviner.”
Arico looked back at her. “You mean he uses magic? How is that possible?”
“I don’t know,” she admitted. “Divination is a form of magic, yes, and the threads should negate it just like all other magic. I don’t know how else to explain how he knows the things he knows, though. I mean, look at this table! I don’t remember telling anyone I liked ralash, other than you when you first gave me some. I certainly didn’t write it down anywhere—it’s too insignificant for my notes or my letters to the Outside. So unless he was scrying on me, or using another form of remote viewing, how could he know?”
Arico shrugged. “He could have dwarves working for him as well. Anything’s possible, I suppose. I’ve never really cared about the how, so much as the why. Either way, we do need his help, unless I want to be tied to Tarith every night for the rest of my life,” he added dryly.
At least that plan had worked. Arico had gotten a solid, what? Four hours of sleep, more or less? In time he’d grow more comfortable with it, she was sure. Jaas couldn’t be that casual about all of this. She was a researcher. She was also a scientist, though that word didn’t exist outside the city. She had to know; it was that simple.
Belaya swept back into the room with a bowl and placed it down next to Arico’s drink. Steam was rising from it, along with the stomach-rumbling smell of beef stew. “Please eat, Arico. There’s a bowl for you as well, Jaas, but my father wanted to speak with you first.” She gestured to the back door on the other side of the kitchen.
Arico opened his mouth, apparently to object, but then closed it again. “His house, his rules,” he reminded Jaas. Reminding herself that in all of her research on Cartwright, the only times he’d ever been known to hurt anyone had been in self-defense, Jaas took a deep breath and followed Belaya.
-.-
Halseus ceased pacing abruptly. She was here. He couldn’t feel the physical sensation of nausea, but his anxiety spiked again. He was about to meet Jaas! Even after the arrangements had been made, it still felt unreal to him. He crossed the room in a hurry and grabbed his walking stick. Hurriedly checking his bandages in the mirror to make sure they were all in place, he turned again just in time for the door to open. In walked Belaya, followed by… the Harbinger.
“Father,” Belaya said politely, reaching out and taking his hand. “The Harbinger is here to see you.” She gently placed his bandaged hand in her smaller, dark-skinned one.
Halseus was at a loss for words. He had so many questions, so many theories. But they were all stuck inside his head, unable to get past his anxiety.
“I’ll leave you be,” Belaya added, after a moment of silence. “You told me Arico almost never eats alone, so I don’t want to break the trend.” She gave a deferential nod to Jaas, who seemed almost as spellbound, before retreating and closing the door behind her.
The sound of the door closing seemed to snap Halseus back to reality. He pulled his hand away abruptly, and took a step back, remembering to hobble as he did so. “Well. This meeting has been a long time coming, hasn’t it? Lady Senneco, or simply Jaas, which you seem to prefer. Welcome to Tonnok patch.”
Jaas remained silent for a while as he carefully maneuvered his way back to his chair and sat. He gave a loud sigh at the end, simulating fatigue, and extended a hand to the other chair. The viewing room didn’t have much of a view because the garden trees outside hadn’t quite started to bloom yet, but it was comfortable enough for now. They were several blocks away from Belaya’s home, where Arico was waiting.
Jaas moved to sit down as well—reluctantly, he thought. “Thank you, Lord Cartwright, for meeting with me. I’m here on behalf of Arico, to find out-”
“To find out how he’s able to manipulate the threads, yes. I know.” Halseus said impatiently. “I heard your breath catch when I first spoke to you. I can see, despite these bandages, the wonder in your eyes when you stare at me. The way you carefully followed my progress as I sat down. You have a much more pressing question now, don’t you? Something you’re just dying to ask?”
“Not a question, really,” she answered slowly. “More of an accusation.”
Halseus raised his arms invitingly. “Please, accuse me. I’m all ears.” He paused. “Well, so to speak. I’ll confirm whatever accusations I can, as you make them.”
Jaas smiled. He’d seen her smile countless times before, and he knew this smile. This was a smile of triumph. She had her theories, and he was giving credence to them already. “You’re not Edon Cartwright, are you?”
“Ah, so we’re getting the obvious stuff out of the way first, then? Very well,” he leaned forward in his chair. “What would make you such a thing?”
“Because Edon Cartwright is a human, and you’re not.”
“How rude!” Halseus put indignation in his voice, but tempered it with a chuckle. “What gave you that impression, I wonder?”
“I’ve never seen burn victims before. Never heard them speak. I don’t know what a scorched throat sounds like, but I have heard voices like yours before.”
Halseus froze. Now that the moment had arrived, his agitation was back. He forced himself to continue, knowing his tone was much more serious now. “And what does my voice sound like, to you?”
“You’re a g’laam, aren’t you?” Jaas said, barely above a whisper.
And it was out, finally. The first human in over three hundred years to recognize him for what he really was. At last. “Very good, Harbinger!” He said approvingly. “Very good indeed. Not that I’d expect anything less from you, though. No one in this city knows a thing about g’laam, sadly. I had to be sure you would understand, and I’m very grateful you have experience with my people.”
“But… how is this possible?” She asked with obvious amazement. “How could you have stayed hidden all this time? And come to think of it, how are you able to even exist at all, here in Patchwork? You shouldn’t even be able to move, much less walk and talk!”
“Ah,” he leaned back. “Now we come to the payment part of our conversation. I suggest we do what you and Arico did shortly after you first met. I’ll ask a question, and then you ask a question, and so forth. You’re not the only one who has questions burning holes in their mind, you know.”
Jaas was silent for a few moments. “You’re no spymaster. This proves it! Either this is the most elaborate practical joke that has ever been played, and Arico told you everything about me…” she trailed off briefly, “or you do have divination powers after all! You are able to scry on people inside the city! Very well. I agree to your terms. Ask your question, and I’ll answer it as best I can.”
Halseus felt a thudding noise in his chest—analogous to a heartbeat, he supposed. It was a human response he’d developed over the years. “You said that you’d heard g’laam voices before. That means you’ve spoken with some of my people.” He carefully avoided asking the question just yet. “Just before the Threading, my people were in danger. A large percentage of the human Vasiri citizens had come to fear g’laam. Some had even come to think of us as a threat to their very existence! There are records of it, here in Patchwork.”
He paused for a moment. “Come to think of it, you’ve studied Vasiri history very closely. You probably know all of that already. My question is this: did your ancestors carry out their threat, and annihilate my people? Just how many g’laam are left,” he gestured to the sky, “out there?”
She smiled widely. “You don’t need to worry about that, Cartw—uh, whoever you really are. The extermination plan ended at the same time the Vasiri Empire collapsed. Everyone was too busy fighting each other to care about wiping out the g’laam. Some of them were even conscripted as soldiers, I believe. When the dust settled, and my Imbued superiors took control of this area, no one even remembered the plan in the first place. No, there are thousands of your people spread across this continent, and many more than that overseas. I’ve met several dozen myself, back in Satacha. They have the same rights as any other citizen, in fact.”
Halseus slumped forward, letting out a noise of relief. He reached out to her and gripped her hand briefly. “Thank you, Harbinger. Thank you so much. For so long I’ve wondered, but could never know for sure. I thought I might be the last one alive in the whole world! Thousands.” He laughed abruptly, his anxiety completely gone. He stopped just as suddenly, though. His voice was grating and abrasive enough already. His laugh was probably painful for human ears to hear.
She didn’t seem to mind, though. Her joy at his newfound status and relief seemed genuine. “I’m glad for you. But what is your real name, anyway?”
Right. There was still work to do here. He cocked his head sideways. “Really? You want that to be one of your questions?”
“Apparently you want that one to be one of yours,” Jaas pointed out with a chuckle, and Halseus suddenly realized he’d asked one unintentionally. “But yes,” she went on forcefully. “As curious as I am, I can’t ignore basic courtesy. Introductions are important, after all.”
“You are correct, of course,” Halseus realized aloud. “I should have told you as soon as you knew I wasn’t Cartwright. My name is Halseus. I won’t count that as one of your questions, but if you want to know more about me and how I got my name, that will count.”
“Fair enough.” Her smile faded as she reached for her side and found nothing.
“If you’re looking for writing utensils,” Halseus predicted, “there’s a quill and inkwell in the drawer to your left, along with plenty of parchment.”
She gave him another incredulous glance. “You really do know everything, don’t you? You know what—nevermind. We can get to that later.” She retrieved the quill and parchment.
“My only request is that you write your notes in Uatoni script, as you have before,” Halseus added. “No one here reads that, not even Belaya, and I don’t want what we are about to discuss to become public knowledge. I’m taking a big risk just telling you.”
“I understand,” she said, scribbling away already. “I was going to anyway. So,” she said after a moment. “What to ask, what to ask, what to ask… first. We’ve gotten the obvious out of the way, so now we should do the important stuff. As a g’laam, you need magic to live, but magic doesn’t work here. How are you able to function inside Patchwork?”
“Alas,” Halseus shook his head. “One of the first questions you asked, and I cannot answer it—not yet, anyway. Still, you are a highly intelligent woman. You’ve already uncovered secret after secret inside this city. At the rate you’re going, I’m sure you’ll figure it out yourself, soon enough.” He started unwrapping his head. “I guess I don’t need this anymore, now that you know I’m not really a human being.”
She stared intently as layer after layer fell away. Halseus felt a little self-conscious, actually. Aside from Untos and the others, no one had ever seen him this way, not even Belaya. This must be what being naked felt like. Without the cold, of course.
He paused for a moment, though. Through the links, he could feel the foot traffic outside this house on the street. They weren’t aware of him, but were close enough to rush in and see him before he could escape or get his disguise back on. Despite that possibility though, he did feel somewhat liberated to be, well, himself in front of her.
“You can speculate, though,” he offered as a consolation prize. “I mean, the exterior barrier to the city is supposed to be impenetrable, but you were able to skirt the rules and get in using polymorphic magic. Is it so unbelievable to think I could as well?”
“So… you found a loophole, just like I did,” she said slowly, apparently careful not to phrase it as a question. “But you can’t tell me what that loophole is. Well, if you can’t tell me, then I think it’s only fair I get another question,” she persisted.
He chuckled in response. “I’d agree with that. Ask your question.”
“Edon Cartwright—the real one. Is he still alive somewhere?”
Halseus shook his head. “I’m afraid not. He perished years ago, in that fire that Arico described to you, and I assumed his identity shortly afterwards. Before you ask-” he said as she opened her mouth, “yes, it was Berilo Fisher who struck him down, and then set the fire to cover his tracks. Though to this day, I’m still not sure why. He never talks about it, to anyone.”
He sighed as he thought back on his past with Edon. “Lord Cartwright was… one of a kind. He had a calculating, hungry mind. He wanted to know everything. To understand everything. That’s partly why I chose him in the first place. I figured if anyone deserved to experience the benefits of untold knowledge within the city itself, to know of the threads and how they work, it was him. How could I know that knowledge would get him killed?” Jaas said nothing, though her expression sobered a little. Her quill came to a stop, as she waited.
“You want specifics, I know. I’ll explain what I can. Just be careful, Harbinger. This knowledge is still as dangerous today as it was thirty years ago. Berilo was Edon’s closest friend, and for these secrets he cracked Edon’s skull open and left him to burn to death!” He grimaced, the expression stretching his non-human features. “Or at least I assume that’s why he did it.”
Halseus had come here prepared to tell her everything. It had been one of many possible outcomes of this conversation, and he thought he was all right with it. Now that it was really happening though, he also felt exhilarated. She was the first human ever, who he could talk to—really talk to, as himself. Not even Edon or Belaya had known him for who he really was!
He needed time though, to sort his thoughts. “My turn. Tell me about the g’laam you’ve encountered on the Outside. Are they shaped as I am? Two arms, two legs, with a basically human size? The information on my people I’ve been able to dig up here inside the city has been severely limited to say the least.”
“Well, most of your people are shaped like you, yes,” she said, raising her quill. “Some of them—especially those who are in military groups—are larger and heavier, but most are human-sized. None of them have your divination powers, though. I’m sure of that much.”
She smiled broadly. “The fact is, most people don’t even give g’laam a second glance these days. The Vasiri hatred for your people is mostly extinct. That’s one of the upsides to the end of a civilization, I guess. The bad stuff usually goes away along with the good stuff.” That was comforting. If he ever did get out of the city, at least he’d fit in among his people.
-.-
Chapter 43
They paused for a few moments while Cartwright—or rather the g’laam who’d claimed his name, sent one of his acolytes to get some refreshments for Jaas. Already the light was turning red as the sun’s image lowered in the sky. She also sent a note along with the messenger for Arico, reassuring him that everything was still fine. He was a worrier, and Jaas didn’t want him doing anything stupid, not while she was recording this… most impressive information.
Halseus was unlike any g’laam she’d met before. He was old, of course—his kind could easily live for centuries—but his psychic abilities were quite unusual. Especially here in Pathwork! He wasn’t casting divination spells, that was for sure, but he might have a sort of passive ability that the threads couldn’t drain away.
She hurriedly scribbled down what she’d learned so far. Though now that she thought about it, she felt a little troubled at how much of this she could share with Lem or her superiors back home. These weren’t her secrets to tell, after all, and she believed Halseus when he said they were dangerous. She had just asked about how his abilities worked, as well.
“You’re versed in the theories and practice of magic,” he started speaking again, and Jaas tightened her grip on the quill. “As such, you may understand this more easily than others would. My connection to the threads is unique. Through them, I am connected to every living thing in Patchwork. Even to you, since the moment you first arrived. In fact I was there in Krellik patch at the same time you were. I wanted to make contact, but the Millers scooped you up before I could be sure you weren’t dangerous to me. I’m sure things would have gone very differently, for both of us, if we had met back then.”
Jaas wasn’t sure what to make of that. He’d been spying on her even back then? And how could she have been dangerous to him? She hadn’t even known he existed. “Either way, I used my ‘links’—that’s what I call my connections to people—to keep an eye on you from a distance. I’ve been very impressed with you over the past few months.”
She ignored the compliment. Jaas had never been very comfortable with praise, and from his slight smile, he could probably tell. G’laam facial features weren’t as expressive as humans’, but he’d obviously spent a great deal of time learning to duplicate them. “So you’re tapped into our eyes? You can see what we can see?”
“Precisely,” he elaborated, “but it’s not just people. I can see what animals can, as well. There are very few birds left in the city, but there are plenty of insects, spiders, rats, etc. the list goes on. A bee has a truly dizzying way of looking at things.”
He was hedging; she could tell. Definitely leaving some things out. Still, beggars couldn’t be choosers, and he was already giving her far more detail than she’d expected. Jaas made a note to circle back to that, though.
“That sounds fascinating,” she said softly. “As a g’laam, you are much more aware of these things, aren’t you? You can see and understand everything that’s happening, all at the same time! There’s no way a human could keep track of all that at the same time. Not without a lot of practice, anyway.”
“I think it’s my turn to ask a question now,” he said wryly, and she could hardly argue with that. “I know how you got into the city, but I don’t really understand the magic that you used. Could a g’laam get in the same way you did? Through the river?”
She considered that. “Well, I don’t see why not. In fact it might even be easier for a g’laam. Your people don’t think like humans do. Or animals for that matter. You might not even need a spell to be able to swim into the city!”
He sighed again, and she looked at him curiously. “If you really want to know more of your people, why not just swim out and meet them? I can give you directions to where you’d find some.”
“I can’t leave the city,” he said softly. “Not yet, anyway.”
Jaas nodded slowly, the last piece of the puzzle sliding into place. “Because of your orders.”
Halseus jerked as if in sudden pain. He stared at her in surprise and rising anger. “You know??”
“Of course I know,” she said soothingly. “That’s part of why you’re talking to me at all, remember? A g’laam of your power, connected to the threads, and stuck here in this city for three centuries straight? The most likely explanation is that you were ordered here. Probably by the Blessed themselves.”
Again, he almost jumped. The anger on his features faded quickly, though. Replaced by chagrin and resignation, as best she could tell. His voice confirmed it. “You claim that I know everything, but you’re no slouch yourself. My orders prohibit me from telling you much, but you’re pretty good at guessing.”
Now it was Jaas’ turn to get excited. So the Blessed had set up the threads, and sent Halseus here. He’d practically just admitted it! They were the most powerful and enigmatic race that had ever lived… so far as anyone knew. They’d been gone for thousands of years now, but their magic had been subtle and complex beyond detail. Any information about them was valuable. Dangerous too, now that she thought of it. This knowledge was the kind of stuff that could raise or destroy empires. Just as it had done to the Vasiri.
Her first impulse was to go tell Arico. With a twinge of bitterness, she realized that this wouldn’t mean much to him, though. He was brave, smart, and considerate, but not schooled in any magic. This wouldn’t interest him any more than it would the Hauld or Endu, or anyone else in the movement. They had a revolution to worry about first.
At least Halseus definitely understood, even if his orders were tying his hands. But there might be a way around that, too. “Ok, how about yes or no questions? Just nod or shake your head, ok?”
Halseus raised his eyebrows slightly, and then gestured to her to continue.
“All right. The magical effect here in the city—the one that the Vasiri used to fortify their buildings. It vanished as soon as the threads went up. Did the Blessed do that?”
Halseus’ mouth twitched, as if in a grimace. He moved his head slightly, but it was neither a nod nor a shake.
Jaas waited a moment, but apparently that was all she was going to get. “So it’s both, or neither? The Blessed are only partly responsible?”
He nodded at that, and Jaas smiled openly. Progress was progress, no matter how slow. “Are the Blessed responsible for the threads themselves?”
He gave a slight smirk, hard to tell on g’laam features, and nodded.
“Ok,” she thought about it quickly. “Ok. Let’s talk about those prophecies people keep digging up from the old palace wreckage. People think that I’m the Harbinger because of them. You keep on calling me the Harbinger too. But am I, really?”
Halseus smiled openly, and shook his head.
“Then who is?” Jaas abruptly bit her lip. “Right. Not a yes or no question. Ok, do you know who wrote those prophecies?”
He nodded.
Jaas tried to put it all together. As a g’laam, he was certainly old enough, and with his ability to ‘link’ to people in the city… “You wrote them yourself, didn’t you?”
Another nod.
Jaas’ mind was spinning. She’d never believed in the prophecies, but she had gotten used to the title Harbinger after hearing it so often. To be fair, she’d never believed a g’laam could have psychic powers, either. Still, why would he write those prophecies, unless he could use them somehow? “You’re supposed to be the Harbinger! Aren’t you?”
Halseus grunted, and nodded again.
“The prophecy says the Harbinger would be the first visitor from the Outside,” Jaas reasoned aloud. “With your links, you could pretty easily fake that, and be called Harbinger yourself. But you can’t link with anyone outside the city, so you couldn’t predict my arrival. I’m sorry about messing up your plans,” she added with a grimace. “If it’s any consolation, I’m really not enjoying being the Harbinger at all.”
He only shrugged, as if he’d gotten over it. It had happened months ago after all.
“All right. So if you wanted to be the Harbinger, I assume you know who the Shorn and the Unborn are? Or rather, who they’re supposed to be?”
He nodded again, but then raised a hand. “We’re getting far afield, Harbinger, and we have limited time. Perhaps you should focus your questions back to where they were before.”
Jaas grimaced. It was a setback, but she was pretty sure she could figure the rest out on her own. He’d given her a big head start. She gave it a little more thought. “You were pretty clear that you were the only g’laam in the city, but is there anyone else with your abilities? Anyone who can link with people like you can?”
Halseus paused for a few moments, and then shook his head. But he had paused. No one like him, but perhaps another version? Or other degrees of his power. It was unlikely there was anyone even more powerful than him living here, but perhaps there were some who were less. After a few moments, Jaas had it. “Of course! The sha’haln dreams! That’s a form of linking, isn’t it?”
Halseus nodded approvingly, but held up a hand to stem further questions. “I am allowed to talk about the sha’haln, actually,” he finally spoke again. “That’s not restricted. People—navigators, I guess—do link with each other while they’re sleeping, but it’s usually a very tenuous link. They share some memories, but those memories are always colored by their own hopes and fears. Most of the time they wake up and dismiss those dreams. They almost never meet the people they’ve linked with in the waking world, or if they do, they don’t realize it. Even so, it is a form of connection, just like the ones I can do. Actually that’s how I spoke to Edon, at first.”
That made sense. “So it wasn’t actually the threads that were alive. It was you, using them to speak to him?”
Halseus nodded. “I wanted to introduce the idea to him slowly. To give him time to adjust, before talking to him directly. Unfortunately, he couldn’t handle it. He jumped to the conclusion that the threads were alive, and then stupidly broadcast that information to the rest of the city. There was nothing I could do to stop him, not without revealing myself to everyone. So I stayed hidden, and then tried to mitigate the damage after it was done.” He growled to himself. “It was my fault, really. I knew he was excitable: most free-thinkers are. I should have anticipated he might take the information I gave him and just run with it.”
Jaas could relate. Some of the people she’d spoken to in the stra’tchi patches had been quite unhappy with the information about their ancestors. No one liked to learn that their family had been best known for running a brothel, for example. Or a criminal organization, or a bloodthirsty military tradition in their history. The Vasiri Empire had had its share of evils, just like any other society.
She looked back down over her notes. “Very well. So you used the sha’haln dreams to talk with Edon. After he died and you took his place, you started to make deals with people. From what Arico said, to arrange marriages or births in families all over Patchwork. But why? Why do you care which human marries which, and where their children go?”
Halseus didn’t look at her immediately. “That information is restricted as well,” he said after another pause.
No, Jaas wasn’t buying it. Not this time. He didn’t want to answer, and was using his orders as an excuse, but it was still his business and not hers. If he wanted to keep it private, that was his call.
“My turn,” he said with another chuckle. Most likely at the sheer imbalance of information provided by each side so far. “Just one more question for you. Do you plan on telling Arico, or anyone else in the city for that matter, about my true identity?”
That was a tough one. If she told Arico, he would certainly tell the Hauld. A being of Halseus’ sheer power could topple the Sustained Council overnight, or give them all the information they’d need to crush the movement like a bug. However she wasn’t technically part of the movement, really. She’d helped them at first, but only because they’d helped her. She’d served as a liaison between the movement and the Thornes, because it allowed her to learn about both sides. The only reason she’d stayed away from the Council was self-defense. If she’d been able to protect herself from them, she would have interacted with them as well.
“No,” she said eventually. “I’ll tell him what you can do, so he knows you’re not actually a spymaster, but I won’t tell him you’re a g’laam, or that you’re not actually Cartwright. If anyone can understand the benefits of using an assumed name, it’s him. He’s done it himself for most of his life.”
“I appreciate that; thank you.” He said with obvious relief. “Do you have one last question for me, before we talk about Arico’s situation?”
“I’ve got a lot of questions, but I suppose there’s one that needs answering more than the others. Why won’t you meet with Arico directly, or with any other navigator except for your, uh, ‘daughter’ Belaya?”
“Again, that information is restricted,” he said immediately.
“Somehow I figured you’d say that,” she said wryly. “I bet my other questions are restricted as well, so we should get on with our other business. At least for this visit. You can rest assured I’ll be dropping by again, later on.”
“Oh, I can’t wait,” he responded in a similar tone. “As for Arico… yes, I know how it is he’s able to manipulate the threads. I can give you the information he needs to exercise his abilities safely. He’ll be able to control when and where he jumps into the threads, how far he can pull them, and how many he can pull at once. With practice his abilities will increase as well, just as physical muscles can strengthen with exercise.”
Jaas nodded. At least he could help them, but it was rarely that simple. “So what is the price for this information? You were linked to me when I talked to him about it, so you already know he can’t have children. Will you tell him who he has to marry?”
Halseus leaned back and looked out the window. “Not this time. I require an oath from Arico. He has to swear, by all the Shemra and by Aquun herself, that he will never intentionally endanger his own life or his sister’s life for the movement. Even if that means the movement fails.”
-.-
The moon had risen partway into the night sky, and was just now becoming obscured by the clouds. Nervously, the Clarion took his place behind one of the empty granaries left over from before the Threading.
It was, he thought wryly, a reverse to their original positions. Here he was, sneaking around at night, while his consort was asleep in bed. He was grateful about that, too. Her injuries had been tended to expertly, but she still needed time to heal.
There. It was hard to see them clearly in the dim moonlight, but three or four figures had just arrived to the north and were making their way towards him. Then a few more, then a few more. Before long, dozens had gathered around him, each wearing concealing robes and hoods. His family.
His true family, that was. Not the parents to whom he’d been born, nor the Lord Ascendant’s family to whom he’d been basically given. Not even his damaged consort—no matter how much he loved her. This was the family he’d chosen. Clarion initiates, all of them. Each had been through the training he’d known his entire life, and any one of them could have been chosen to be Clarion themselves.
“Clarion.” Fareth nodded to him in the darkness. Then Sezna did the same. Then Atuhla, then Tazi, then Geer, and so on… all forty-one of them. Counting the Clarion, they had numbered fifty before the last Tumult.
The other eight had perished during those violent years, and not one of the initiates didn’t wake up every day with those eight names on their lips, or go to bed without speaking those names before sleeping.
The Clarion pulled back his hood and smiled at them. “It’s good to see you again. It’s been too long.” He extended his arms to them, and they reached back, encircling him just as they had years ago during training.
He pulled away quickly, though. “I wish I could stay to reminisce, but I don’t have much time. There are things happening that you need to know about. Allegiances are shifting among the Council, and the penets. Even the stra’tchi have felt the effects of recent events.”
“That’s not surprising, Clarion,” Fareth said with a twist in the corner of his mouth. “You cut the head off of one of the most powerful people in the city. Of course there would be ripples from that.”
Fareth was his second. It was a position he’d earned not only through his hard work and dedication—they all shared those traits—but for his canny wit and deep understanding of those around him. The Clarion had often wondered how things would have turned out differently, if Fareth had been named Clarion instead.
The others reacted in varying ways to Fareth’s not-quite-accusation. Some with approval, given the former High Penet’s many and grievous crimes. Some with concern on their faces, as the act itself had no doubt earned the entire group more than a few enemies. But all of them—to a man—showed the same unwavering trust in the Clarion’s judgement.
He’d seen that look dozens of times by now, but each time he felt humbled by it. Unworthy even, of that steadfast devotion. Each time he’d sworn to himself that he would earn that trust, whether it had been given to him already or not. He would be worthy of that look in their eyes.
The Clarion blinked repeatedly and tried to clear his head. Belatedly, he remembered why he’d called them all here. “The heretic has been busy,” he explained quickly and quietly. “He’s been recruiting stra’tchi from many different patches ever since the Laentana. The destruction of his home patch did slow down his efforts for a while, but he’s picking up speed again. According to the Council’s sources, most stra’tchi patches now believe the truth: that Tellek patch was poisoned. That has made his job that much easier.
“What does that have to do with us, though?” Geer asked quickly. “We’re all Sustained here, by blood if by nothing else. Unless you think the stra’tchi are capable of a full-scale uprising, we have no reason to break faith with the Council.”
“I cannot break faith with the Council,” the Clarion specified with a tight grin. “I took an oath to them on the day I was installed as Clarion. None of you took that oath though, and as a result you aren’t hampered as I am. You can intervene if you wish. Even though I would never instruct you to do so, of course. My oath would prevent such blatant disregard for the Council’s wishes.” Geer nodded, a grim smile appearing on his face as well.
To the Council, to the rest of the Sustained, even to the stra’tchi, the initiates meant very little. They were pacifistic but not entirely helpless. They were holy but not connected to the Aquunites. They were well-spoken but not as schooled as the rest of the Sustained. They were a kind of blank spot in the political landscape of the city. A white blob that couldn’t be colored as part of any particular side, because of their peculiar beliefs and training. As such they were respected, but could never really be feared. That made them easy to forget.
“What exactly are you suggesting, Clarion?” Fareth asked somberly. As usual, he was the first of the initiates to speak aloud what they must all be wondering. Which was right and proper for the Clarion’s second.
“The heretic’s movement is gaining support. The Beast attacks are just the Council’s most recent attempt to force the stra’tchi back into line. It’s only a matter of time before the Council decides it has no choice but to impose full-fledged martial law to keep unrest from spreading into Sustained patches. When that happens the entire city will react at once, possibly leading to another Tumult.”
He grunted wryly. “Whether the dwarves are involved or not is… not relevant yet. If they are helping the heretic, they’re doing so invisibly, and so they can’t be touched. But once the Council does crack down on people’s’ movements, there will be backlash and outrage. Some Sustained will blame the stra’tchi, some will blame the dwarves, and some will blame each other and use this situation to settle old scores while the Council is occupied. Regardless of when this starts, it will be tense, and it will get bloody in a hurry.”
The Clarion held his breath briefly. “I may not be able to get instructions to you when that time comes. Ever since I executed the former High Penet, I’ve been under increased scrutiny. Most likely when martial law begins, I’ll be arrested or… otherwise silenced.”
Tazi snorted. “They wouldn’t dare touch you! Half the city is cheering you for what you did to that hypocrite. The other half is regretting they ever supported him in the first place. If the Council laid a hand on you, they’d have a city-wide riot on their hands before they could even blink!”
“True,” the Clarion admitted, “but by now… we’ve all seen what the Council has become. We were raised to support them. Trained to assist them and advise them. By now it’s clear that they don’t want our advice. Each of them is interested in nothing more than their own personal power. They don’t care about what’s best for the city at all. They’re not trying to kill the heretic because they believe he’s evil. They’re trying to kill him because he’s a threat to their power! I am quite certain that when the boiling point comes, and the heretic makes an open move against them, they will crack down hard on everyone, myself included.”
He let that last phrase echo for a bit into the night air. He couldn’t afford to tell them about his condition—not yet anyway. By the time all of these different conflicts came to a head, he would most likely be dead already. He was sure at least some of the Councilors were responsible for his poisoning, so he didn’t feel guilty telling his brothers about just how evil they really were.
It was obvious that to some of his brothers, this was no surprise. Each initiate had their ear to the ground in their home patches, and they weren’t blind to the horrors of what had happened to Tellek patch, or the Beast attacks. However to some of the initiates, especially the younger ones, it looked like an unpleasant truth for them to hear. Sometimes the Clarion also wondered how things would be different if women had also been allowed to become initiates. All initiates were fed the same lies about the Council’s wisdom, about their… divine right to rule, right from childhood. Perhaps female initiates wouldn’t have been so easily misled.
“I have no choice here,” the Clarion continued softly. “I’m sworn to uphold their authority, and I will not break that oath. But you all have a choice. When the fighting starts, you won’t just have to make that choice, but you’ll have to back it up. For the good of everyone: Sustained and stra’tchi alike!”
He broke up the tenseness of his little speech with a smile. “We all know this, but I’m going to say it aloud anyway. We’re the best of the best. We survived an entire Tumult together! I have no doubt that when the time comes you will each make the right choices at the right moments. Remember your training,” he focused on the younger initiates, most of whom looked both somber and nervous. “Rely on each other, and most of all, trust in your instincts. They’re the reason we were all chosen as initiates in the first place.”
With that the Clarion dismissed them all into the night. Not all of them were navigators, but the ones who were could ferry the rest home safely. The Clarion wasn’t worried about them being stopped, either. Not just yet anyway. The Council wasn’t about to start arresting Clarion initiates in the streets. Sadly, if anyone in the city survived the inevitable Tumult that was coming, it was unlikely the Council would select another Clarion. Most likely, the position would be abandoned.
Grimacing, the Clarion made his way into the threads and back towards Sevvas patch. He had some letters to write—and write very carefully indeed.
-.-
Chapter 44
Field notes, the 8th of Moraga.
It’s been two days now, since Arico and I came back from the meeting with Halseus—or Cartwright, as I guess I should call him. At least until his true identity comes out.
Naturally Arico refused his terms. He can’t make such a promise to Cartwright, because he’s already sworn to give his life, if necessary, for the movement! Besides, even if the Hauld was willing to release him from that oath, he can’t promise to protect his sister, either. She’s far too powerful and dangerous to be treated as just another Sustained, and she’s already killed on behalf of her father. As much as I want Arico to be safe, I know he’ll never be content to just sit this out. Even if it means risking being lost to the threads.
Jaas shook her head as she massaged her shoulders a little. Her dwelling in the Fishbowl was just a little too small for comfort, but at least it was private enough. She wouldn’t want to broadcast what she was doing here to everyone in the Enclave.
Leaning back, she looked at the table and wall in front of her. Names, dates, and drawn faces covered both surfaces, all intertwined in some kind of pattern which she had yet to figure out. But she would. Finding out what Cartwright was up to had just become her top priority, given what he’d told her.
His divination abilities continued to give her pause. How in the stars had he been able to develop them here, in the city? He wasn’t casting spells—it must be some kind of natural ability. If the Blessed were responsible for putting up the threads, were they also responsible for giving him these… links he used to spy on people? How could they have possibly given him his orders, given that they’d been gone for thousands of years, and he couldn’t be older than a few hundred? There were just too many questions, and he’d made it clear he could only explain so much.
Jaas wished she’d been able to ask him more questions—or at least more pertinent questions—before being escorted away along with Arico, but at least they had their answer. There was a way for Arico to control these new abilities. They just had to find it themselves.
She’d just put pen to paper again when there was an abbreviated knock on the door. With a sigh, Jaas capped the inkwell and headed over to the door. Through the pinhole, she could make out Arico’s features on the other side. He seemed to be alone, so she opened the door. “Hey.” She beckoned him inside.
“Hey, yourself,” he responded. He looked much less tired now, than the last time they’d spoken. Despite the awkwardness of being lashed to someone every time he needed to sleep, he seemed to be adjusting well. Nemith, Tarith, and a few of the other navigators in the Fishbowl had been taking turns protecting him over the past few days.
“Looks like you’re getting a handle on this sleeping-while-navigating thing,” she said quietly, noticing how he looked more rested now.
“Yeah, I think so,” he stretched briefly once inside. “Still, the idea of being lost in the threads terrifies me. Being stuck in that white emptiness, unable to see or hear anyone else? I tried to draw blood in there, once, you know. I brought a knife and tried to nick my finger. Nothing. The knife passed through my hand like it wasn’t there. I mean, of course it did. But imagine that… forever.”
Jaas shifted uncomfortably in her seat. “You don’t know that for sure. Maybe they just died. Or maybe they found their way out of the city entirely. Lem and I are the only ones to examine the city in a long time, and we easily could have missed someone leaving Patchwork.” They both pondered that for a moment, but Arico still looked skeptical.
“Anyway, I don’t have very long,” he said apologetically, looking over the collage of names and faces she’d displayed. “The Hauld is expecting a report from me soon. I just wanted to check on you. Have you had any luck with all… this?” He gestured at the wall.
“Not really,” Jaas admitted sourly. “I’ve assembled every prophecy and every ‘favor’ people have done for Cartwright in exchange for his help over the past few decades. There are a few connections between some of them, but nothing that links them all together. I’m afraid I’m no closer to understanding his true motivations than I was.”
“What do the prophecies have to do with Cartwright?” Arico asked curiously.
Jaas could have slapped her head. He didn’t know ‘Cartwright’ had written the prophecies! He didn’t even know Cartwright wasn’t human! “It’s… just something I’ve been curious about. Ever since I first heard about them,” she said hastily. That was the truth, actually. Just not the whole truth.
Trying to change the subject, she continued as casually as she could. “In fact, about the only thing we know for sure about him is that he wants to protect you and your sister for some reason.”
“All right, let’s start there.” Arico crossed his arms and started pacing slowly. “A Sustained lord with supremely powerful divination abilities and a close friendship with house Fisher is betrayed and nearly killed. However, while he does break off all communication with my father, he still wants to protect my father’s children. Why?”
“You’re both powerful navigators, both skilled in fighting. You also have abilities no one else in the city seems to have. You can pull the threads to yourself, if only for a moment, and your sister can track people through them. Was he trying to recruit the two of you to serve him? Was it a form of revenge against your father?” Jaas hazarded.
Arico shook his head with a grunt. “I’m not a very good fighter, Jaas, and I doubt this is about vengeance. If he wanted revenge, he could have taken it himself with his abilities. It’s gotta be something else. Why would he want to protect me, of all people? He had to know I’m trying to overthrow the Sustained power structure itself. For all we know, he’s spying on us right now!”
That was a creepy feeling. Jaas had been suppressing it for a while know, but she knew for a fact that everything her eyes were seeing was being viewed by Halseus as well. There really was no privacy from him. Or at least none she’d discovered yet. “If he wants to protect you, then why did he refuse to help? You’re at much greater risk of being lost to the threads right now than you are from being killed by the Ascendants. If he really had your best interests at heart, wouldn’t it be safer to teach you to control your abilities, regardless of whatever else you were doing?”
“Maybe,” Arico said softly. “I’ve been thinking back about when I woke up inside the threads. At first I thought it was my dream-friend Odjes warning me to wake up, but now I’m not so sure. You said Cartwright could communicate using the sha’haln. I think it’s more likely he was the one who warned me. He could have done it to protect me, or to convince me to seek him out, or both!”
“I’ve been thinking too,” Jaas said, feeling excitement rising up in her gut as they puzzled this out together. “Remember back just before your first jump into the threads? Heartbane took us completely by surprise. If we hadn’t heard that rock fall, and stopped, that first crossbow bolt would have gone right into your heart! That’s too much of a coincidence.”
She shook her head. “We’re just not that lucky. I think Cartwright, or someone working for him, was there that day. I think he made that noise to keep her from surprising us. That way he could protect you, without anyone even knowing it!”
“It made it an even fight,” Arico breathed. Then he grimaced. “Well, more even. I was no match for her, even with the warning.”
“Cartwright must have known you would try to escape!” Jaas continued. “He was trying to protect you both. He knew that if you won that fight, you’d spare her, but if she won it, she’d kill you. He did the only thing he could to give you both a chance at surviving. Or the only thing he could do without revealing himself, anyway.”
“This is all just guesswork, though,” Arico reminded her. “We don’t know any of this for sure. It could have just been old stonework crumbling.”
“It’s possible,” she admitted, and rubbed her eyes. “Maybe I just need some sleep. These pictures and names and dates are all flowing together by now. It’s not really a collage anymore. It looks more like a painting if you’re tired enough.”
“Go to bed, then,” Arico ordered with a smile. “After my report, I’ll do the same. We’ve still got a lot of preparations to do before the Aquunsaya and the Twin Suns, and I don’t want to be falling asleep for that.”
Jaas had heard of the Aquunsaya. It was a Sustained celebration only, based in the river itself. Every year most of the Sustained houses would set aside their differences and spend a day swimming or sitting on the shore. She didn’t recognize the other one, though. “What are the Twin Suns? I think I’ve heard the name somewhere, but I don’t remember when.” Jaas abruptly yawned, and covered her mouth.
“It’s like the New Day celebrations, but it’s only twice a year instead of four times,” Arico said, yawning as well. “Every six months for a short time, there are two suns visible in the sky for a few minutes. Our sun… and the real one from the Outside.”
“What?” Jaas exclaimed, her jaw dropping. “Wait… you can see the real sun? Through the threads??”
“That’s right,” Arico said, sounding confused. “It shows up at noon, right overhead, along with the image of the sun we’re all used to.”
“Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” Jaas demanded. “This could be huge!”
He shrugged, looking even more confused. “I… didn’t think it was important. It’s just another celebration. There’s no day-long festivities or anything. It only lasts a few minutes.”
“Not important?” Jaas said sharply, as she pulled out her pack and dumped it on the table. She began rifling through notes as quickly as she could, about her early observations of the threads. “Don’t you know what this means? If you can see the actual sun and not just an image of it, that means the threads have a limit after all!”
Arico shook his head uncomprehendingly. “I don’t understand.” Jaas took a deep breath. Of course this meant nothing to him. He hadn’t studied the threads from the outside like she had.
She thought back over her initial research as she tried to explain. “When the Threading first happened, people tried to figure out a way around or through the newly-formed barriers. Some of the original Sustained mages from that time dug deep underground trying to find a way under, or used magic to fly high up in the air to get over it! Even after months of trying, no matter how high up or deep down they went, they didn’t find an end. They thought that meant the barriers had no end, and just kept on going vertically, up and down, forever. But if the sun can shine through them, even just twice a year, that means you could theoretically fly over the city!”
She laughed excitedly. “Don’t you see? If the threads have an upper limit, then it’s just a matter of finding it! My superiors back at the Academy could probably do it.” She paused for a moment, thinking about the details. “I guess they’d have to research a whole new set of spells for protection, though. It gets pretty cold the higher up you go, and the air gets too thin to breathe eventually.” She grabbed for the inkwell and a piece of paper. “I have to tell Lem. If he can find a way over the city, he might be able to drop supplies down for us or something. There could be other ways he could help, too!”
“I’ll… leave you to it,” Arico said, not quite disguising his bemusement. “Good luck. Just don’t forget to sleep eventually, all right? We’re starting up our visits to the stra’tchi patches again tomorrow, and I’ll need you to be available for more questions.”
“I won’t forget, I promise,” Jaas said distractedly. She barely noticed him leave.
-.-
Sopping wet, Untos sloshed his way down the darkened halls to the Sanctum. He stripped off his bandages as he went. There was no need to disguise himself here. Other acolytes nodded to him as he passed them.
There was a clothesline strung up just outside the Sanctum’s northern entrance. Untos carefully draped the cloth over it, again and again until it was all just above the ground. Drops of water splashed down in a line, into the gap below. A gap created by the water itself. Even water could cut stone, if it had enough time. They had time aplenty down here.
There were no torches this deep underground, but that wasn’t an issue for anyone here. Like the dwarves, they could all see in the dark without effort. As could the other denizens of the cavern—not that Untos had seen any of them in years. They stayed in their part of the cavern, and the acolytes stayed here, as part of their long-standing agreement. That was, when he and the other acolytes weren’t shooting up to the surface to look after Halseus’ ‘daughter’ Belaya.
From time to time Untos still wondered how that was possible. Belaya had cared for Halseus as best she could for years now. Even though he didn’t eat or drink. Though he was allegedly well past his prime (at least in human terms), he showed no signs of slowing down. His voice was different. Far more so than could be explained by a burned throat.
How could she possibly think that Halseus was her father? Somehow deep down she had to know the truth. Even so, she looked after him. Still spoke on his behalf to navigators who came calling. Still sent messages for him in places he couldn’t go. By all appearances, she had convinced herself he was her father.
Untos supposed it did make a sick sort of sense. Her father had been taken away from her in a horrible way: beaten down by his best friend, and then burned to death. Halseus knew everything about her—everything she’d ever shared with her old man. Through the links he knew her behavior patterns, her responses. Even her favorite tune to hum while she was working. He could simulate her father almost exactly in those respects, and Belaya loved him for it. Enough to convince herself that her father was still alive, apparently.
Untos stopped just outside the Sanctum’s threshold, and submitted to a routine security sweep from inside before the door finally opened. He shook his head anyway, though. He was head of security for this entire place, and even he didn’t see any point to these sweeps. The humans didn’t even know they existed, and neither did the dwarves. If anyone else approached, Halseus’ links would warn them all long before anyone could get close enough to harm them.
Once inside though, he slowed his pace. Something was going on. The usual guards were there of course, standing at attention in the halls, but there were dozens more acolytes between them, talking quietly in the darkness. Lights flashed up ahead, at the Sanctum’s center core, but the acolytes were keeping their distance. Fearing the worst, Untos hurried inside.
Halseus was there, sitting cross-legged on the floor. He was scribbling something on a piece of paper on the ground. The source of the light was in front of him, but he clearly wasn’t paying attention to it.
It was a portal of sorts, available nowhere else in existence but here. Instead of allowing travel, it allowed people to see the links for themselves. Right now, the images swirling forth from it clearly indicated a dwarf’s viewpoint. The perspective moved through the hallways of the dwarven keep, and shifted slightly each time the dwarf nodded to another of his kind. Halseus was capable of monitoring every link in the city at once, but it was through this portal that he showed others what he was seeing.
Untos noticed Diesh and Trias standing in one of the far corners, and made his way towards them. “What’s going on here?” He was Halseus’ second in command. He should have been the first person to be aware of any problems, but he’d been out on patrol. That itself was a mark of shame, but Untos ignored that for now. He could berate himself later.
“We’ve got a situation in the Enclave,” Diesh said tentatively. “It seems Jaas is up to something.” Untos felt a chill that had nothing to do with the dampness still clinging to him. He gestured for Diesh to continue.
They shared a brief glance, and Trias spoke for him. “Well, it started out normal enough. She found out about the Twin Suns, and wanted to see if she could use them in some way. Something about flying over the city, I think. Then about an hour and a half ago she wrote a pair of letters and sealed them up. The first was to her Outside friend Lem, explaining the Twin Suns. Like I said, it was all pretty normal for her. But the second letter… we don’t know.”
Untos cocked his head slightly. “What do you mean you don’t know? Halseus is linked to her. He should know everything she does, as she does it!”
“That’s just it, sir. She wrote the second letter blindfolded. Boss-man can’t see what she’s doing if she’s not using her eyes!”
“Why would she do that?”
“Could you be quiet over there, please?” Halseus said irritably, “I’m trying to concentrate.”
Untos apologized quietly, and herded the others a bit further away. “Explain,” he ordered in an undertone.
Trias and Diesh looked at each other again. “Well, Halseus told her what he could do, right? She knows that he can see everything she sees. We think—and Halseus agreed before you got here—that the only reason for writing blindfolded is to keep us from seeing it! She doesn’t want us to know what she’s up to!” Diesh’s voice underscored the anxiety he was obviously feeling.
That didn’t bode well. Untos turned to the portal and connected to it. The images immediately shifted again as he tapped into the other links. Faces blurred past each other as he shifted through nearby people one after the other. He was nowhere near as good at this as Halseus was, but he knew the basics.
There. Jaas’ link. He reversed the image, going back in time to her writing the letters. Sure enough the link went completely dark, for maybe ten minutes. It was strange, seeing blackness that he couldn’t see through.
Then the light was back. The letter was already sealed, and she was addressing it. To Lem as well, apparently. She added a note at the end of the address though, instructing Lem to open that letter last for some reason.
“This isn’t so bad,” he rationalized to himself. “Halseus may not be able to see what she wrote, but he can feel what she felt as she wrote it. He should be able to duplicate the letter himself, even if it takes just as long as she did writing it.”
“That’s what he’s doing right now,” Trias pointed down at him as he scribbled away. “I can’t tell you how hard it was to get some parchment and ink down here without getting them both soaking wet.”
“I can imagine,” Untos said understandingly. He turned away from them for a moment. He knew it had been a mistake for Halseus to tell her anything about the links. He’d tried to talk him out of it, but to no avail. Halseus was determined to find out about the Outside g’laam. And to be fair, he had been in a wonderful mood for the past few days, since finding out how many there really were out there.
Still, it had opened the door for this situation. None of this would have been possible if they’d just keep Jaas in the dark like Untos had wanted! At least she didn’t know the full extent of the links, though. She thought they were just visual, but through the links Halseus could also hear, taste, and even feel what she felt. Since she couldn’t block out sensation from her hands and arms while she’d been writing… whatever that letter was, Halseus could duplicate it.
Untos gazed at the portal again. She’d written both letters with her right hand, which by now had mostly healed from her encounter with Heartbane. Another incident he’d wanted Halseus to stay out of, but one he’d insisted on handling personally. In order to write intelligibly with her right, she must have kept the paper very steady with her left. Even so, it was probably going to be barely readable.
It took another few minutes before Halseus finally stopped scribbling on the ground. “Here it is,” he said gravely, lifting the letter duplicate up so they could all read it together. He held it steady as the portal continued to broadcast her perspective in the background.
Dearest Lem, Untos read silently to himself.
I wanted you to read this letter last because it’s the most important one I’ll ever write. It’s not just instructions for you, but also a farewell. As well as a confession.
I’ve sent you update after update these past few months. I’ve told you how the situation is worsening here in the city. After Tellek patch was poisoned, things have really gone downhill. Now with Beast attacks cropping up all over stra’tchi territory… it’s just getting too much. I have to stop the fighting. This bloodshed has to end, and soon!
My first impulse was to turn myself in to the Council. As an Outsider I would have a better chance of reasoning with them than anyone in the city. Even though I’m not the real Harbinger, they still think I am! I might be able to use that as leverage to force some kind of peace settlement. I don’t think that would succeed, though. I’m not privy to any of the Hauld’s battle plans. I could hurt the movement, yes, but there’s no way I could stop it. Besides, there’s nothing I could do to stop the Council either. The fighting would continue. That leaves me with only one other option to stop all this horror. It’s almost unthinkable, but I must consider all alternatives. No matter how extreme.
Arico is the key to all of this. The Hauld plans on using him for his bloodline—to put him in place of the Council once they’ve been overthrown. The Council in turn hates his guts. It’s understandable, after what he did during the Laentana. I heard that the man he humiliated—the High Penet—was executed for his crimes. As horrible as it is to even consider… I have to kill Arico.
I know what you’re thinking right now, Lem. No, I haven’t lost my mind, though sometimes I feel like I have. There’s so much madness surrounding me—so much death. I can’t let it continue, not if I can do something to stop it.
Consider the results first, before anything else. Without Arico, the Hauld won’t be able to convince any stra’tchi to join his cause. They already distrust dwarves, and Alzhi can’t possibly take his place. He’s a well-known commander in the Ascendants; the stra’tchi villagers will never listen to him. Without Arico the Hauld will have nothing to put in place of the Council. Just chaos and violence.
And without Arico, the Council will lose its most visible enemy. The dwarves’ involvement in this fight has been completely invisible so far. The Council can’t attack them without proof they’ve broken their Pact. Alzhi will continue to spy on them, but he’s not high enough in station to be any real threat to them. The balance will be restored once Arico is dead.
In truth, I think that neither the Hauld nor Arico knew when they got started, just how awful revolutions can be. Just how many innocent people get slaughtered. They also didn’t know how many people are willing to live with things as they are without any revolution. I have to do this for their sake if not for anyone else’s.
As for how to do it, I’ve decided the best way is poison. Despite all my training, I’d be no match for him in a fight anyway. I’m having dinner with him tonight to discuss the new lists of names from my research notes to present to the stra’tchi. I stole an appropriate poison from Endu’s lab earlier. It’s painless, and fast acting. He’ll be dead before dessert.
Of course the Hauld will execute me for doing this. Probably painfully. He likes Arico, in addition to just using him. But it’ll be worth it all the same, if it can save hundreds or thousands of lives.
That’s why I’m writing to you now, Lem. I want you to know what happened, and why. These letters will go out tonight, before anyone knows what I’ve done, and I’m including all of my research notes as well. That way you can continue your studies of the threads if you want. Or you can just take them to the Imbued. I imagine you’ll get your teaching position immediately, if you do that. It’s up to you.
Thank you, Inelem, for being such a good friend. I knew there was something special about you, right from the start, and I’m so glad you stuck with me all this time. Still, to all things there is a season, and now it’s time to say goodbye.
So farewell, dear friend. May your days be ever brighter.
Jaas
-.-
Chapter 45
“Well, damn!” Trias spoke after a moment, breaking the long silence. They’d all finished the letter at the same time, but as usual he was the first person to respond. Brashly, of course. “Boss-man,” he looked at Halseus with concern, “what are we gonna do here?”
Diesh smacked a closed fist against the wall. “I don’t believe it. We’ve been watching Jaas ever since she got here. There’s no way she’d do anything like this. She’s not capable of it! It’s gotta be a trick of some kind!”
“I don’t know,” Trias answered quietly. “The links only show us what she’s been up to since she got here. We have no idea what she saw on the Outside. For all we know she’s done worse out there! And besides,” he continued grimly, “she’s right! If Arico dies, the movement will most likely end without further bloodshed. Or at least be delayed for another few decades!”
There was a mark at the bottom of the parchment, Untos noted distantly, as he thought about what the letter meant. It looked like Halseus had spilled some ink there, in a nearly oval shape. Or Jaas had. Halseus’ hands were far too steady to spill anything, so the error must have been hers, and he just duplicated it.
Her handwriting was pretty good, considering the earlier injury, and the fact that she’d written it blindfolded. The parchment she’d used had miniscule lines on it to indicate where one line ended and the next began. Bumps that she could feel as she wrote. That was how she’d kept the letter steady as she’d written it.
Halseus remained quiet, but Untos turned his attention back to the portal. He reversed Jaas’ link again, going even further back in time. “Well, part of her letter can be proven at least. It looks like she did steal one of the poison vials from Endu’s lab.” He froze the image right as Jaas was slipping the vial into her bag. “That stuff would kill him in seconds, even if it was diluted.”
“We have to warn him!” Trias said urgently. “We have to stop her—get that poison away from her at the very least. He’s a sitting duck without us!”
“We can’t do anything without revealing our involvement,” Untos reminded him. “Are we ready for the dwarves to know that the great Cartwright is backing Arico? They might assume he’s willing to back them up as well! How will that affect their movement?”
“We don’t have to tell them it came from us,” Trias said hotly. He seemed to be taking this whole thing just as personally as Diesh was. It wasn’t surprising, really. All of the acolytes had been watching recent events through the portal with a great deal of interest. Naturally some of them had become attached to the major players in this revolution.
“We could use an intermediary—we’ve done it before.” Trias continued in a slightly calmer tone. “Besides, this isn’t just about Arico’s importance to the boss. I still don’t know why you want him and his sister to stay so safe, sir,” he said to Halseus with a little more respect, “but this is also about Arico himself! He’s a good man, trying to do the right thing! We’ve seen what he tells those stra’tchi patches. About their history, about the crimes of their leaders. He shows them how to communicate across the threads, how to read and write! That wasn’t part of the Hauld’s original plan—that was all Arico’s idea! We can’t just let him die!”
Trias had always been an admirer of Arico, even back when Arico was just a child, but Untos had to admit, he was making some good points despite that bias. It wasn’t up to him though, or even Untos, to determine what happened next. That decision was Halseus’ alone.
Untos didn’t know why his leader was so fixated on Arico and his sister either, but he had a few theories. Apparently, Halseus’ resolve was about to be sorely tested.
-.-
Closing his eyes briefly, Berilo tried to regain the peace he’d had before the meeting had started. It was the closest thing to sleep he could get these days. Behind him, the other Councilors continued to bicker and berate each other, like children in a schoolyard. His son was forgotten already. Apparently the scant weeks since the funeral had been all it had taken for them to very easily put the whole incident behind them.
“That’s enough,” he ordered firmly, turning around to face them, and they quieted down a little. At least he still had the ability to cut through their petty arguing when he needed to. “We can hold an open discussion when everyone has had the chance to report. Lord Weaver, please continue.”
Weaver nodded at him. “As I was saying,” he said with that air of wounded pride he did so well, “the whispers of dissent since the Laentana have started to affect productivity in my territory as well. My clerks composed a… short list of the areas affected,” he pulled out a not-so-short roll of parchment and deposited it on the table between them. “In summation, my lords—my liege-, we need to do something about these rumors soon, or we may end up facing a full-scale rebellion!”
Half a dozen other lords nodded or spoke up with agreement, and the rest seemed inclined to agree as well. Nothing he hadn’t expected. “It was that business with Tellek patch,” Miller put in sourly. “It was handled badly, word got out, and here we are cleaning up the mess.”
The room went dead silent. Miller had never been known for being patient or particularly diplomatic, but to say such a thing in open council…
“Are you making some sort of accusation, Lord Miller?” Berilo kept his voice mild, but everyone in the room could feel the danger. Previous Lord Ascendants had kept soldiers nearby, perfectly willing to call them in and have them murder whichever House Head had offended them. Berilo preferred a more subtle approach, but everyone here knew he was perfectly capable of exacting whatever vengeance he felt appropriate, should he choose to.
Miller’s face had turned a noticeable shade lighter in the lingering silence. “Not at all, my liege,” his voice was admirably smooth. “Merely an observation. A means, if you will… of smoothing the road ahead of us all.”
Now there was diplomacy. Carefully chosen words meant to defend himself and soothe others, in the wake of his near-disastrous comments. “I’m glad to hear it. Thank you for clarifying your position, my Lord.” Berilo eased his tone in response, and the other lords looked visibly relieved at the averted confrontation. For once, Berilo actually missed the Clarion’s input at these meetings. He was back at the manor tending to Hazra, but Berilo made a mental note to require his presence at the next meeting.
“Has there been any progress tracking down the heretic or his followers, my liege?” Lord Grover asked tentatively, possibly to fill the silence. “Have the Beast attacks triggered any kind of response yet?”
Inwardly, Berilo glared at him. Outwardly though, he was the image of poise and control. “Efforts are ongoing in both areas, my lord. The Ascendants continue to run down any reports of sightings, all over the city. In both stra’tchi and Sustained territory,” he added pointedly. It couldn’t hurt to remind his oh-so-loyal lords that they themselves weren’t above suspicion. As he spoke, a servant came in through the side door and silently left a folded piece of paper in front of him. “I can tell you that two days ago there was an ambush in Yeggin patch which may have eliminated the heretic and one or two of his followers.”
“An ambush, my liege? By whom? The Ascendants certainly would have informed the Council if it had been them.” Tanner’s voice was equal parts curiosity and worry.
“That information is privileged,” Berilo said smoothly. “Details on the attack itself are still unavailable, but I assure you when I know more, you will too.”
“For all we know it was you, Tanner!” Weaver said wearily. “It would be just like you to have taken care of the threat yourselves and not told anyone, while the rest of us suffer the results of these rumors!”
Tanner immediately retorted, and Berilo sat back and let them continue bickering as he read the note. It was another report from the Ascendants. The latest sighting had apparently been a false alarm. Oh, well. He had plenty of other things to think about, anyway. Hazra had only gotten back yesterday, injured. The news she’d brought along with her had been, well, nonsensical at best. She was clearly hysterical: making nonsense claims about having a twin brother.
She had been unconscious in the heretic’s custody for more than a day: more than enough time for them to come up with a convincing story to spin for her. And she was just a woman—she’d believe anything if it was told well enough. Most likely the heretic was just toying with her, trying to get her to pass disinformation along to Berilo. Probably on the Hauld’s orders, too.
Still… the heretic had spared her life. Even though she was Heartbane—the assassin who had terrified the whole city for more than a year now. Did he think he could turn her against her own father? If he did, it was a bold move, and a risky one. Berilo shook his head. He’d have to put more thought into this. When he had the time to spare, that was.
-.-
The fighting had been brief but fierce. Twenty Thornes dressed in Ascendant colors had taken control of the fields in Vettra patch. Surprise had allowed them to not only win, but to do so bloodlessly. Ornos had insisted as much, in fact. Ta’anu’s half dozen men had assaulted the Ascendant barracks on the far side at the same time, just as bloodlessly.
Twelve navigator guards had been knocked out, most of them with Ta’anu’s special darts. He grew the sedatives in his own patch, and had recently started training his people in purifying the plants into a liquid and applying it to anything from shortsword blades to arrowheads. Even a scratch from one such weapon could knock out a grown man in seconds. As a result they had plenty of prisoners, including the workers who’d surrendered without a fight, cordoned off in one of the warehouses in the patch corner. Ta’anu made sure they were properly restrained before heading back to the patch’s underground reservoir on the north end. Velya, Ornos and Boska were gathered there waiting for him, along with half a dozen more.
Even Velya seemed happy with the speed and efficiency of the attack. She shook her head in wonder. “How did you find this place anyway, Ta’anu?”
“It was simple enough,” he said as modestly as he could feign it. “There are only so many places the Council could plant a crop like this in secret. It was just a matter of searching them all. I was lucky, and found the fields early during my search.” He carefully omitted any reference to Tre’cah’s recklessness. Tre’cah was still in the doghouse for his stupidity, but if any of Ta’anu’s Thorne friends found out he’d been searching without their permission… well, it was an option he didn’t want to explore. As a result, Tre’cah’s mistake would have to be kept secret for the time being.
“Well, however you did it, what matters is the Ascendants won’t be poisoning any more innocents for a while,” Ornos said, and Ta’anu swore he could hear the slightest note of approval in his dour voice. Somberly, he pulled open the reservoir ceiling and looked down. Green ripples spread out from the slight motion, criss-crossing the wide reservoir base and eventually rebounding upon themselves. The tank was more than three-quarters full.
Ornos gave a low whistle as they all peered into the reservoir. Ta’anu felt a kind of dull shock at the sight. He’d expected a few barrels of the stuff, maybe. Perhaps even a cart or two, but not this much! This could change… a great deal.
“This isn’t just a deterrent,” he said slowly, his voice echoing slightly into the reservoir. “No one stores this much poison just to handle one dissident patch.”
“You’re right,” Velya said in a dead-sounding voice. “I did some estimates back when Tellek was poisoned. The Ascendants would have had to dilute the substance quite a bit so that no one would notice the color or taste. They wouldn’t have needed much to do it. However, with this much…” Velya trailed off.
Ornos gave her a sharp look. “How many patches could they poison with this much?”
She didn’t answer at first. The other Thornes had gathered around while they’d been talking, trying to get a look as well. “It’s only a rough guess, but I’d say… two hundred. Maybe two-fifty? If they finish this crop too, they might have enough to wipe out every stra’tchi patch in the city.”
“Shemra’s Blight!” Boska swore quietly. That was a little shocking too, given his usual piety.
They all stood in silence for a minute, staring down into the pool of death. They were so quiet they could hear the slight breeze coming from the threads. As always, a patch’s reservoir was either connected to the threads through an aqueduct—like in most stra’tchi patches—or built right next to the threads for easy transport.
Ornos was the first to speak. “Ladies and gentlemen… I think we’re looking at the Lord Ascendant’s failsafe plan here. Tellek patch was a lie to most of the city, and a warning to those of us who weren’t stupid enough to buy into that lie. He wanted us to know what he’s capable of.” He dropped a small rock into the reservoir, and everyone watched more ripples of greenish liquid spread back and forth.
He let that sink in for a moment before continuing. “This is more than just a warning, though. I think that this… concoction is his last solution—pardon the pun—to the stra’tchi problem. To be used only if Arico is successful and a full-scale stra’tchi uprising begins.”
Ta’anu spun around, glaring at the others who’d gathered to look into the reservoir. “Don’t you all have work to do? Get the torches and start lighting up that field already! Off you go!” Ornos was right, of course. There was no other reason for them to store so much poison in one place. They didn’t have time to sit around talking about it, though—more Ascendants could drop by at any moment.
The rest of the Thornes started moving again, lighting torches and spreading out. The captives inside the warehouse were far enough away; the flames would never reach them. The smoke was no danger either—nethrit root was only deadly when carefully refined.
“Ta’anu and I will get rid of the poison,” Boska announced firmly. He looked southwards, towards the distant city wall. “It shouldn’t be difficult to navigate it to the far south end of the city, where it’ll flow through the outer threads. Even if a portion of the poison does make it through, it’ll just fall into the ocean where it can’t hurt anyone.” He tilted his head slightly. “Still, with this much to move, it could take a while. We should get started right away.”
“Be careful,” Velya warned. “Nethrit root is usually only deadly if you drink it, but in this concentration even touching it could be just as bad for you.” She produced two pairs of gloves from her pack and tossed them over. “The gloves will make it hard to move that much poison, but it’s the only way to do it safely.”
“Thanks. This may seem like bad timing,” Boska began slowly, “but I had planned a celebration to mark our victory here. My wife has already started on the preparations for a feast, sometime early next week.”
Velya and Ornos exchanged glances. “No, you’re right,” she said after a moment. “The Council put a lot of time and effort into this, and we’re ruining their plans. This is a victory after all. As for your party, I may not be able to make it,” she added thoughtfully, “but most of the others should be able to. We have work to do first, though.”
“Of course. Come on, Ta’anu.” Boska began to climb the narrow stairs down adjacent to the reservoir. In order to transport the liquid, they would both have to be down by the base of the structure. As they left, Ta’anu heard Velya and Ornos move out to join the rest. By the time they were done, there’d be nothing left but cinders in this patch. Ta’anu was careful to keep quiet as they descended. This wasn’t over yet.
When he had brought this information to the Briar meeting and recommended they attack this patch, the others had been predictably hesitant. Even after they’d agreed to move on his information, they had insisted Boska stay at his side, both during the attack and now while disposing of the poison.
Boska had been known for his even temper and his power as a navigator for years now. He was the perfect watchdog to keep an eye on Ta’anu, especially given Ta’anu’s clear anger towards the Council and the Lord Ascendant. They wanted to make sure he didn’t do anything rash.
What they didn’t know was that Boska was actually on his side.
Boska had seen the bodies of the Tellek villagers being threaded. He’d witnessed firsthand the horrors of the Beast attacks still being unleashed all over the city. He’d also seen how the Council had reacted to a dozen or so stra’tchi patch leaders meeting in a neutral location: their first impulse had been to arrest them all, or kill them. He knew the score, and he was willing to do something about it.
Now that they were out of earshot though, he turned to Ta’anu with a worried look. “What are we going to do? We were expecting a few barrels of this stuff at most, not a whole reservoir of it!”
“You’re right, Boska. We underestimated the Council. We had no idea just how big their plans were.” Ta’anu put a hand on his shoulder. “Even so, this doesn’t change our plan at all. We’ll siphon off a few barrels of the nethrit, just like we talked about, and destroy the rest.”
“If the others find out what we’re doing-” Boska paused and looked up at the shaft of sunlight filtering down from above.
“They don’t suspect a thing,” Ta’anu said confidently. “We can still make this work, trust me. All you have to do is act normal and leave the rest to me, all right?”
Boska swallowed hard, and then reluctantly nodded. “The barrels are still in place back at home, but we should hurry. I don’t want to leave them unattended for long.”
Ta’anu clapped him on the back. “That’s the spirit. Come on.” They weren’t far from the reservoir’s underground valve.
The valve was circular, opened by a crank a few spans away. Ta’anu had seen similar devices in several Sustained patches. The longer you pulled on the crank, the wider the valve opened. They’d only need a crack for this, though. He waited until Boska had his gloves on, and had extended his arm through the threads. Once he nodded that he was ready, Ta’anu started pulling.
Liquid immediately began streaming out from the valve, but Boska was ready for it. He immediately threaded it, sending it to his home patch and to the barrels waiting there. Because the flow was regular and steady, he could afford to put his head back into the threads, and then move his hand on the other side when a barrel was full. After a few minutes of this he pulled his head back out and nodded to Ta’anu who pushed the valve closed again.
“They’re full, but I don’t know if anyone is out there watching. We should hurry.”
They switched places, and Ta’anu reached his gloved hands through the threads this time, finding the right spot before pulling his head out and nodding. Boska opened the valve much wider than before, and Ta’anu strained with the effort of threading so much at once. Once he found the right balance, he nodded over at Boska. “Go. I can take care of this on my own. Just get the barrels out of sight.”
Looking relieved, Boska nodded and jumped into the threads. Smiling to himself, Ta’anu settled in for a long wait. It would be worth it in the end, though.
-.-
It was time, Halseus realized. Diesh and Trias were in the portal room, as usual. Though officially they were bodyguards, they’d taken on the role of spectators in this… deeply dramatic narrative that was unfolding in front of them. Untos was also somewhere nearby, he was sure. His position held more authority than most of the acolytes, so he no doubt wanted to present an image of composure and reliability to the others. As if he wasn’t just as invested in this situation as anyone else.
Halseus set the portal to Arico’s perspective, and found that he was bracing himself. Arico had received his warning about an hour ago, delivered through a third party as Trias recommended, and had returned to the Enclave. There he’d intercepted Jaas’ letter and read it.
It was clear he was upset by this news. The portal could only show the visual and auditory portion of the links, but Halseus could feel just how ill Arico was feeling right now. His hands would be twitching, if he hadn’t balled them up into fists. Halseus could only guess at how he’d feel in Arico’s shoes.
Jaas had been at his side for more than four months now. He’d saved her life when they’d first met! She’d helped him deal with dozens of stra’tchi patches; she’d been a line of communication between him and the Thornes—though he didn’t know that name just yet. She’d been almost as close to him as Alzhi or Chanul were, and they’d been part of the movement for years!
Still… the letter was damning. She admitted her plans in her own hand. Halseus didn’t know how she’d react when confronted. Whatever else she had done, somehow he doubted she’d be cowardly and try to avoid responsibility for it.
Arico was on his way to her dwelling in the Fishbowl now. He was alone, mercifully. Actually, he hadn’t even told the Hauld yet—or anyone else for that matter. Perhaps like Diesh, he was still wrestling with the possibility that she could be capable of such a betrayal. Well, he would know the truth soon enough. They all would.
Untos entered from behind, somehow sensing the confrontation about to start. He discreetly closed the door behind him, and Halseus smiled. As always, Untos knew just how far to take decorum. Jaas answered the door with a surprised look on her face. “You’re early. I wasn’t expecting you for another hour or so.” She gestured for him to enter, and closed the door behind them.
As expected, Arico cut straight to the chase. “I don’t know how to feel about this—I really don’t. So I’m just gonna ask you straight out.” He lifted her letter, opened. “Is it true?”
Jaas’ friendly expression faded, and her face became deadpan. “How did you get that?” She asked evenly.
“One of Lady Cartwright’s associates warned me in secret!” Arico said angrily. “I didn’t even know it had to do with you at first! They just said I should open your letter package and read the last one. Cartwright must have seen you write it!”
Jaas smiled. “Then it worked.”
Halseus didn’t know what he’d been expecting, but it wasn’t that. He shared a surprised glance with Untos. Through the links, he knew Jaas wasn’t upset, or afraid. Her heartbeat and breathing were normal.
She looked Arico straight in the eye—from their perspective, she was looking right through the portal at them. “I need to explain this to you,” she said softly. “I need you to understand what I’ve done, and why. I also need you to know that I mean you no ill will,” Jaas gave a long pause. “Cartwright.”
At first Halseus didn’t quite register what she’d said. The others seemed just as confused, but she continued. “That’s right, Lord Cartwright. I know that you’re watching, and I’m talking to you now.”
Time seemed to slow down for him. Even as he sensed Arico’s hands unclenching, he realized she was looking through the portal. She couldn’t see through it of course, but she knew he was there, and that was enough. He felt as if he was in a tunnel, and she was at the other end of it. No one else mattered—not even Arico.
“You’re the most powerful being I’ve ever encountered, you know,” she said conversationally. “Your ability to link with people through the threads is… incredible! I’ve never heard of anything like it. Even magic on the Outside couldn’t do anything close to that. If you wanted to, you could end the Council, today, without any effort at all! Or you could crush the movement just as easily. You could make yourself king of the city, forever if you wished.”
“That little minx!” Untos grated out from behind the others. “I don’t believe it! She tricked us!” Trias was staring at the portal openmouthed, while Diesh was as close to smiling as a g’laam could get. Halseus didn’t know just how to feel.
“Bear with me, Arico,” she added thoughtfully. “It’ll all be made clear soon.” Arico nodded, depressing the perspective briefly. Distantly, Halseus made a note of just how understanding that young man could be.
“Arico thought you were a spymaster. He grew up knowing at least some of what you could do, Cartwright, and he made his peace with it,” she continued, still using his fake name for Arico’s benefit, he noted. At least she was keeping that promise. “I’m not so easy-going, though. I had to test your abilities. You told me you could see through my eyes, and by extension, I assumed you could also hear through my ears. But can you access my other senses too? If I taste something, can you taste it? Can you read my mind? The only way I could be sure was by testing you. That’s why I wrote the letter in the first place! I was testing you, and it worked.”
Admiration welled up inside Halseus, and immediately went to war with rage. He should be furious! She’d played him… and it had worked! She was the first person—ever—who’d been able to outwit him! Despite his links, his vastly superior ability to process information, and his dozens of acolytes, she’d still gotten the best of him!
“I don’t know what motivates you,” she added softly, “other than keeping Arico and his sister safe. So I threatened his life. If you could feel what I felt, you’d be able to duplicate the letter,” Jaas paused for a moment, “and you’d know that Arico was in danger. If you really were intent on keeping him safe, you’d have to intervene and warn him. So I know you can feel what I feel.
“But if you could read my mind, you’d also know what I was planning, and you would have known I never had any intention of hurting Arico. So I know you can’t do that.”
By this point Diesh was laughing out loud. “I told you she was on the level! I told you!” Trias only grumbled and pushed him away. Untos was shaking his head in wonderment.
Jaas seemed to be able to read his mind, though. Even as Halseus wondered it, she was already answering his question. “Oh, and just in case you were willing to let Arico die, or weren’t able to read the letter, I left that inkstain on the page on purpose. It’s a hidden message that Lem and I came up with years ago. He knows that if I put that there, I don’t mean a word of what I’ve written. As for the poison, I had to steal it to convince you of my resolve. I’ll return it tonight, with my apologies to Endu. She’ll be able to tell that I didn’t even open it up.”
She lowered her eyes, looking away from Arico as if in shame. “Now I’m talking to you, Arico, and sadly, part of what I wrote was true. This conflict is horrible, and I have to do whatever I can to stop it as soon as possible. But not by killing you. You’re right—the Council is keeping the stra’tchi as slaves right now, and they won’t stop. Not by choice anyway. I’ve known it deep down for a while, but now it’s clear that there never really was a peaceful solution to this. They have to be overthrown, and I’ll help you do that. I’ve even got some ideas that I know you haven’t considered yet.”
Jaas looked back up. “Arico and I both know your secret now, Cartwright. We know how far your powers extend. I won’t tell anyone else, and I’m asking him not to either. I won’t use this information against you, or force you to teach Arico how to use his abilities. I respect your privacy and your desire to stay in the shadows. All I ask in return is that you stay out of this fight. Until the movement ends, or the Council does, don’t help either side.”
“After that,” she added with a slight smile, “all bets are off.”
-.-
Chapter 46
Jaas and Arico stepped out of the threads into what looked like an abandoned stone dwelling. Dust and cobwebs had accumulated in the old building, giving the place a somewhat sad but not particularly creepy feeling. Jaas had to suppress the urge to start cleaning the place up. At the Academy she’d been known as a chronic straightener and neatener. She’d even researched several spells specifically for that purpose.
It had been a day and a half since her ‘conversation’ with Halseus, and it appeared that he’d accepted her terms. There had been no sign that he was moving against them—no chatter among the Sustained, at least that they could hear. No unusual movements within the Ascendants. He probably knew that if he did try to kill them to keep his secret, he’d be unable to do so before they told others. Jaas smiled. Here in the city, Halseus was effectively a god, and she’d gone toe-to-toe with him! It was exhilarating.
Arico had been quite understanding of the whole thing. Jaas suspected that it was partially out of relief upon learning she hadn’t meant anything in the letter. He also seemed to understand the importance of both Halseus’ links and the fact that they now knew just what those links could and couldn’t tell him.
Then this morning he’d gotten a missive through the threads, and immediately made his way here. He’d brought her along, but didn’t tell her why. It was possible that he was going to meet with his sister, actually.
They’d crossed a redline upon leaving the threads, which in itself was strange. The dwarves didn’t use redlines, and the stra’tchi rarely did either, so she hadn’t seen one since her early days in Patchwork. That seemed like ages ago, now. When Arico saw her looking at the line curiously, he explained in an undertone. “Redlines usually only exist in Sustained territory, because the Sustained are constantly moving from one patch to another. Stra’tchi patches don’t use them because they don’t have the ability to leave on their own, and everyone learns early on where their own threads are.”
“Where are we, anyway?” Jaas asked, just as quietly.
“Prikkin patch,” he said with a grimace, carefully arranging his tunic to hide his shoulder brand. “That’s why we had to dress up. It’s a wealthy merchant patch almost in the middle ground of Sustained territory. We should blend in, as long as we look the part.”
Jaas shook her head. “I still don’t know why you brought me along, Arico,” she said curiously. “If you do meet up with your sister, I’ll just get in the way. I doubt she’ll want to talk to me. That is, if she’s interested in talking at all.” Jaas rubbed the scab on her palm gingerly.
She understood why it had happened. Intellectually, she didn’t even blame Heartbane anymore. The assassin had probably been ordered to take the Harbinger alive and bring her back. Still… emotionally she wasn’t looking forward to seeing the woman again. At least here in a public place, she was unlikely to do anything rash.
“Oh, we’re not here to see my sister,” Arico said softly, looking out one of the broken windows. “We’re here for someone else.” Before she could ask who, he grabbed her uninjured hand and pulled her out into the street.
Jaas was usually happy to dress up and to see another patch with Arico, but this time it seemed like a pretty big risk. He hadn’t let her bring her pack along, either. That meant she wasn’t here for her historical knowledge. Whatever the reason, Jaas got the impression he wasn’t looking forward to it. This entire trip he’d seemed uncomfortable, and it was only getting worse.
It was a cold and damp morning here, just like it had been in the Fishbowl. The threads definitely interfered with rainfall, but apparently the same wasn’t true of dew or mist. Following Arico’s lead, she strolled down the bustling street with him, arm in arm. As she tried not to be too conspicuous, Jaas also took in the vastly different colors, styles of dress, and body language. She’d met Sustained before, but Alzhi barely counted, and Velya and the other Thornes had been understandably secretive about their origins. Now she could see these people at their ease.
They moved freely in great masses, bustling up and down the streets that ran parallel to the riverbank in the distance. Jaas could even see the straight line in the water that represented the threads cutting their way through the river. The interaction of air, water, and threads created a visual disturbance in the water that could be seen from a distance. It was almost as if a thin line in the river was boiling while the rest was left undisturbed.
As for the people, they were wearing the entire range of colors in silk and linen. Some wore fur with leather shoes, and others had elaborate hairstyles shaped like ornate towers. She could hear a lot of people speaking, but it was all business. Shopkeepers were hawking their wares, and a penet here or there was reminding people about an upcoming service or sermon. She even thought she saw a duel with swords taking place around one corner, as Arico escorted her past one of the alleyways.
It was a very different experience. The stra’tchi (and the dwarves as well, to a lesser extent) seemed to share a bond with each other, no doubt forged by the fact that they were stuck with each other most of the year. Their conversations were much more intimate, and much less… commercial. It was obvious that gold coins meant less to the stra’tchi than they did here. These people were much more removed from the prospect of physical hardship or death, and apparently that meant they were removed from each other as well.
Arico made a beeline through the street to a fruit vendor stall a few hundred paces north of their arrival building. Jaas could sense some of his tension fade away from his movement when he saw a girl sitting on the end of the fruit cart, dangling her feet over the cobblestones below.
For her part, the girl’s face brightened when she saw him as well. “Timot!” She slipped off the cart just in time for Arico to scoop her up in a brief hug. Timot. That was the fake name Arico had used for years, up until his speech at the Laentana. It wasn’t safe to use anymore, though.
Arico clearly knew that as well. He looked side to side nervously before setting the girl down on the cart again. “Hi, Trania.” He gestured towards Jaas. “This is my friend Elina.”
“Hi,” Trania waved up at Jaas, before turning her attention back to Arico. “I haven’t seen you in a long time,” she said with a slight note of accusation in her tone.
“I know. I’m sorry,” he said with what looked like genuine regret. “I had… business all over the city.”
“My uncle said you were in trouble… or something?” Trania guessed slowly. “I don’t really remember what he said. Just that I shouldn’t talk to you.”
Arico again glanced around nervously. “Trania, I just need to borrow Sleek for a bit. May I? It won’t take long, I promise.”
She shrugged trustingly. “Sure.” Putting her fingers to her lips, she gave a piercing whistle, and a long-haired dog came trotting out from behind the nearby home. Grabbing a leash from behind the stand, the little girl attached it to the little dog’s collar.
Jaas had never seen a breed like that before. It had wiry black hair almost completely obscuring its face and nose, extending right down to the ground. Briefly, she remembered Durhu telling her about animals here in the city that were bred for different qualities. In this case it looked like this animal’s ‘quality’ was a lot of useless shedding.
Arico thanked Trania and took ahold of Sleek’s leash. They made their way up the street again with the dog obediently keeping pace. Based on the architectural changes, it looked like they were heading into this patch’s banking district. Or what it had used to be, anyway. This particular area looked mostly empty. They stopped in another abandoned building, and Jaas could make out another redline inside.
Arico handed the leash to Jaas. “Make sure he has a chance to smell your hands. He’s pretty trusting, but I just want to make sure.”
Jaas nodded and extended her hands to the little furball. “Why did you ask for him, anyway?”
He only gave a slight smile in return. “I might need him to send a message,” he said cryptically. “Listen, I’m going over to that brown building across the way,” he pointed it out through the door. “Stay here for now, but if Sleek starts barking and tries to run away, just let him go and follow me to the same door.”
Jaas shrugged. She’d long since stopped questioning Arico’s tactics. “Good luck with… whatever it is you’re doing,” she said encouragingly, before brushing off a space on the bank’s stairs to sit and wait.
-.-
Arico approached the old brown building feeling a hint of the old apprehension. It was strange, after all the dangers he’d faced in the last few months that he’d be frightened now. Or not frightened, really. More… uncomfortable.
He knocked on the door briefly, and the slot opened for a few seconds, eyes staring out at him. “Who is it?”
Arico smiled and shook his head. They hadn’t changed a bit. “It’s Huun’s long-lost cousin, here to pay her a visit!” He teased, and the door opened.
Just as before, Punek waited until he stepped inside and then searched him for weapons. He’d barely remembered to stash his weapons in the Enclave before coming here. Wearing them had become second nature, to his surprise and not so mild dismay. He’d always felt that fighting (outside of the Deathwatch patch of course) should be a last resort, but he’d had fight and draw blood more than once since the last time he’d visited Terres. Hopefully that would be ending soon.
It seemed that Terres had done well for herself. From what Arico could see while being escorted upstairs, she’d purchased both adjoining buildings. It looked like she’d knocked down the intervening walls and expanded operations into them. Being an information dealer hadn’t taken up much space, but it looked like she’d also expanded her smuggling operation. Judging by the faint smells he could pick up, one of the things she was smuggling was sparkpowder. Now that was interesting.
“Well, well,” Huun spoke from the top of the stairs. She’d changed her hairstyle, and her dress wasn’t the sort she’d once worn. Apparently booming business required a new look. She waved a hand and Punek left them alone. “It’s been months. You don’t write; you don’t visit. What’s a girl to think?”
“Come on, Terres,” Arico responded, slowly ascending towards her. “You of all people know how busy I’ve been.”
“Oh my, yes. My dear cousin Timot, who turned out to really be Arico, leader of the dastardly rebels bent on returning this city to chaos! Or if you believe things from the other side, the heroic Arico, fighting the good fight for stra’tchi rights and equality. Yes, you have been busy,” she said with a pouting expression on her lips. “That doesn’t mean I forgive you.”
“Who said I was asking for forgiveness?” He countered, mimicking her tone of voice. “You’ve probably heard enough propaganda by now to know that the real truth about me lies somewhere in the middle of both stories. But then,” he fished out a tiny emerald from his pocket, “I came here on business.”
It seemed so long ago when he’d come here looking for information on Jaas. Before he’d even known it had been Jaas, actually. Rebel movements were expensive, too. This was one of the last gems from his original stash. All the rest had gone one by one to buy favors, silence, or supplies for the stra’tchi and dwarves. Arico was not at all sure the favor she owed him would cover his current request, which was why he’d brought payment.
Terres eyed the diamond briefly. “Ahh, Timot—Arico, I mean. Times have changed.” She waved a hand out the window as he reached the top of the stairs, and he could see a dozen buildings to the north. “I’m not a small-time operator anymore. I’m in big business now. You can’t just buy my affections anymore.”
Arico grimaced. “Yes, I know. It’s admirable, all you’ve been able to do in just a few short months. How much of the credit goes to me, though, I wonder?”
Her expression darkened and she gave him a sharp glance. He hurried to explain. “All I mean is, chaos is wonderful for your business, isn’t it? I’ve been stirring up trouble all over the city. How many of the smaller Sustained Houses have come to you for weapons and information, anyway? How many of the wealthier stra’tchi patches have reached out to you trying to predict the next Beast attack? Face it, Terres. I’ve been good for your business!”
“Perhaps,” she sniffed, and took his arm. Coyly leading him into her old office, she turned to face the old map of the city on the wall. “Well, I suppose I can hear you out anyway. For old times’ sake.”
The map had been redrawn again and again. No doubt another result of his activities. It felt weird to take so much credit for what was definitely a team effort, but Terres would expect him to. Her uncomfortable fixation on him demanded that he act as arrogant as she was. He shook his head to clear it. “I need to get a message to Heartbane,” he said bluntly.
If he hadn’t been watching for it, he might have missed the slight stiffening of her shoulders. Anyone who didn’t know her might have missed it anyway. “Oh, no no no, dear one,” she said, wagging a finger in his direction. “I steer clear of cold-blooded killers like that. This job requires finesse and the ability to stay unobtrusive, and Heartbane has neither of those things.”
“I know she’s a woman,” Arico said confidently, but he held his breath all the same. He was gambling that Terres was Hazra’s contact outside of Sevvas patch. She’d been able to hide her activities for years, from everyone. That suggested she had outside help, and Terres Huun was the only real option as a business partner. Still, he wasn’t sure of that.
Not until now, anyway. Terres’ reaction was all the confirmation he needed. She took in a sharp breath and looked at him in surprise. “How in the Many did you-?”
“I have my sources too, Terres,” he continued with false confidence. “I also know she was injured recently, and is on the mend. She’ll be contacting you again soon, and when she does, I want you to tell her that I’ll be waiting for her at the cabin, at noon every day for a few minutes. I’ll come alone, and I expect the same from her.”
Terres had no way of knowing, but the ‘cabin’ was of course the out-of-the way building where Hazra had woken up and almost strangled him. It was in an abandoned patch and out of sight of the threads. He hoped that curiosity, if nothing else, would compel his sister to go there alone.
The Hauld hadn’t been too keen on getting in bed with Huun’s smuggling operation. When Arico had come to him with this idea, the Hauld had balked at first. He’d even suggested that Arico find his way back into Sevvas patch and speak to Hazra directly. Eventually though, Arico had convinced him. Not only could he reach out to his sister this way, but it was an excellent opportunity to sound out Terres herself. Traditionally, information brokers and smugglers tried to stay as neutral as possible in situations like this, but it didn’t hurt to check.
There was another incentive for smugglers like Huun as well. Arico knew for a fact that Terres had long been unhappy with the Sustained taxes levied on her and her business. Because most of her revenue was technically illegal, that meant the bribes and payoffs necessary to keep her in business were getting bigger and bigger. It wasn’t as though she could go to the law for help, either.
Terres looked at him, suspicion melting away to admiration. “You have changed, haven’t you? Not just in name, either!” Sidling closer to him, she ran a hand along his chest. He was wearing leather armor under his tunic, thankfully. “I’ve missed you, Arico. And I really like this new you very much.”
He endured her proximity for a few seconds. When she tried to slip her hand under his armor though, he gently caught her wrist. “Do we have a deal?”
There was that pouting look again. Terres stepped back, businesslike expression and all. “We do, but I have one condition,” she said ominously. “I want to meet her. The Harbinger.” Arico was surprised to hear Terres call her that. Granted, it was the common name for Jaas, but the Huun family had always been quite practical, and ‘Harbinger’ was a very superstitious title.
Still, he’d planned for this. Giving Terres a sideways wink, he fished out a small whistle from his pocket and blew on it. The sound would carry through the open window, far enough to reach where it needed to go. Most likely Jaas wouldn’t hear it, but Sleek definitely would. Sure enough it wasn’t long before Arico could make out distant barking, and a grey-black streak of dog went shooting down the market path, yipping madly and trailing a leash on his way back to his beloved mistress.
That was why he’d borrowed the dog in the first place. He could have just gone to a window and waved for Jaas to see him, but it was better that she stay completely out of sight. Especially since he wasn’t entirely sure how long he would need here with Terres before calling for Jaas.
Terres gave him a curious glance, before understanding washed over her face. “You mean she’s here??” She made her way over to the window, moving slightly too fast to be graceful, and peered down at the street. She glanced back at him with a smile. “You knew I’d want to meet her. You know me too well.”
Arico shrugged as he joined her at the window. It hadn’t been much more than a lucky guess, really. If he’d been wrong, at least Jaas would have had a chance to see more of the city. Terres had always been predictable when it came to him, though.
Through the window he could see Jaas make her way up to the front door. She pulled back her hood and knocked tentatively, looking nervous. For a moment Arico was concerned that Terres might want to hurt her. If push came to shove, he could probably get past Punek and get away with Jaas. Hopefully. For all he knew, he might be able to jump into the threads again. It had happened when Jaas was in danger before.
“That’s the other woman?” Terres demanded, aghast. “She’s… she looks like a scared little lamb!”
“You should probably go easy on her,” Arico suggested mildly. “She’s not as pretty as you, after all. Not everyone can be.”
He was teasing her and it was clear she knew that, but after a moment she nodded anyway. “Send her up,” she called down to Punek.
-.-
Back at her dwelling in the Fishbowl, Jaas leaned over her notes again. She’d packed up the information concerning Halseus and stored it away. It was no longer needed now that she’d figured him out. Also, she’d had her conversation with Terres Huun, and now she had a whole new puzzle to solve. Her mind kept drifting back to her one-sided conversation with Halseus, though. She wasn’t upset about that, really. It was more Arico’s expression when he’d first come in with that letter.
She hadn’t wanted to write that letter in secret, but if she’d told him, Halseus would have heard it. It had been an operational necessity to deceive him. Arico ought to understand that better than most—he’d taught it to her—but his look of betrayal and confusion was still rattling around her head now, even days later. It was identical to the look he’d had when she’d first agreed to keep the Thornes a secret. When she’d come back and couldn’t say a word about where she’d been, or who had taken her.
Was this how it would always be? Friends keeping secrets from friends for the benefit of the movement? Distrust and suspicion growing in every crack because of it? How could real-life spies live like that? She wasn’t even an amateur and she was already having a hard time dealing with all the deception. Jaas shook her head and tried to focus again on her notes.
It appears that Terres Huun and Arico have a long history together, despite the Hauld’s obvious disdain for smugglers. I could perceive definite interest on her part back during our brief chat. And jealousy as well. That’s probably why she was so hostile to me at first.
Jaas sighed. It’s amazing how even smart, rational people like Huun can be completely sideswiped by their emotions. I get the feeling that she’s actually better off when Arico’s not around. She can probably concentrate more easily without the distraction. I’ll include more information concerning her when I get it. Obviously she keeps a low profile so her business can thrive. I would do the same.
As for Halseus, she added with a smile, there has been no word. I’m going to assume, for now, that it means he’s accepted my offer. Unfortunately, it also means we have to figure out how to help Arico without his input. I have a few ideas, but I’m not sure how effective they’ll be.
In almost perfect timing, there was a knock on the door just as she was finishing up. She capped the inkwell and went over to let Arico in. “Good, you got my message. Come with me. There’s something I want to show you.” She pulled him back outside and closed the door behind them.
He groaned as she led him back downstairs and to one of the underground thread-tunnels. “Can it wait? I’ve gotten all of… two hours of sleep in the last two days. Even Tarith said I shouldn’t have gotten up yet, and he never sleeps more than he has to.”
“No, it can’t,” she said curtly. “Trust me, this is important.”
-.-
Chapter 47
They exited the Fishbowl in darkness as usual, and Jaas directed him where to go from there. A few minutes later they’d arrived in a neutral patch—the same one he’d used to meet with his sister, in fact. It was well after noon now, so there was little chance she’d be dropping in on them. Together they stepped out of the threads and were suddenly facing… a very familiar-looking set of ruins.
Arico stopped dead, looking them over. Everything looked exactly as it had been back there during his skirmish with Heartbane. Hazra. The walls were in the same places, as was the wooden door. From experience, Arico knew the threads were just behind them as well, just like they had been back in Yeggin patch.
“Do you like it?” Jaas asked excitedly. “I wanted everything to be perfect, so I got Sabra and some of the dwarves to help me recreate everything. I hope I got it right; I was only there once, and I was a little distracted.” She gripped her palm again.
“It’s… impressive,” Arico admitted slowly. “But, why did you set all this up? I don’t understand what this is for.”
Jaas nodded, with a small smile. “Since it’s pretty clear that Cartwright won’t help you, I figured I would. We’re gonna figure out this thread-pulling ability of yours. Not just so you can sleep alone again,” she said wryly, “but because I think there’s more to it than just you vanishing into thin air. You brought me with you when you did it the first time, which means you can probably bring large objects with you as well. Tactically, it could be very useful to the Hauld and to the movement.”
Arico definitely couldn’t argue with that, or perhaps he was just too tired to. He shrugged and gestured for her to continue. “You once told me that Sustained navigators,” she said excitedly, “whether they’re Ascendants or not, control their emotions while they’re in the threads. They’re trained to not feel much of anything inside the threads. That’s how they can navigate safely from one to another, right?”
“That’s right,” he confirmed suspiciously. “Emotional control is critical for soldiers—especially soldiers who can navigate. The dwarves use similar training for their own navigators. The only exceptions are people who are self-taught, like me.” Arico grunted to himself. If only he’d known Alzhi back then… it would have made his experience much easier. Unfortunately he’d only discovered that Endu was part of the movement—and that Alzhi was her husband—a few years back. Far too late for Alzhi to help him learn how to navigate.
“Self-taught,” Jaas said musingly to herself. “That might explain it. Tell me, how many navigators are self-taught like you? That you’ve heard of, I mean.”
Arico thought about it briefly. “None. I mean young children sometimes start their training alone, but they’re scooped up pretty quick by older navigators. Durhu couldn’t help me other than giving me a few simple pointers about how the threads worked, and he wouldn’t let any of the Hauld’s navigators help either. He still didn’t trust them back then. It was years before he was even comfortable in that temporary dwelling for us in the Fishbowl.”
“What about the training methods?” Jaas insisted. “Have they changed much since the Threading itself?”
“Not really,” he shook his head. “Once a new navigator’s comfortable transporting himself and knows how much he can bring along with him, his training’s pretty much complete. But that still takes years of practice, mind you. It was no different for me, either.”
“I think that might be why you can move the threads, Arico!” She said with another excited smile. “Think about it. You weren’t trained like the Ascendants or the dwarves. You learned your own form of emotional control, which I’m betting is a bit less restrictive than the rest of the navigators. Besides, there’s also your bloodline to consider. House Fisher has been breeding more and more powerful navigators every generation for centuries now! You—and your sister I guess—are the culmination of their efforts so far! Put those two things together…” she trailed off briefly.
“You did something back in those ruins that was supposed to be impossible! Whenever there’s a new accidental breakthrough in magic, or alchemy, or medicine, or any other field, the best way to figure it out is to recreate everything as closely as possible and try to duplicate what happened.” She gripped her hands together as she explained, as if hoping for his approval. “We can’t go back there, so I set things up here so we could practice. That’s why I wanted to do this near the threads. It has to be as close to the original as possible!”
She’d certainly done that much, at least. Just being in these brand-new, yet old-looking ruins sent a shiver down his spine. It really was like being back there. Even the time of the day was the same, he noticed. Definitely not a coincidence. Come to think of it, he’d been pretty tired back there, too. Jaas had put a great deal of thought into this.
Apparently taking his silence as permission, Jaas took his hand again and led him to the wooden door, reaching into her bag as she did so. She pulled out a gun from her pack and handed it to him. Then she stepped behind him. “All right. Here we were, just about to leave Yeggin patch. We both heard rocks fall to the left. You stopped moving, and a crossbow bolt hit the wall in front of you.” She smacked the wall to illustrate. “You tried to get us behind the wall, but then bam-” with some surprising force, she jammed a dagger into the wooden surface. “I was pinned to the door.” It wasn’t Heartbane’s real dagger of course, but it was a close likeness.
Not knowing what to do, Arico just watched as Jaas abandoned her position behind him and ran about twenty paces to the left. “You turned and saw a figure-” she pulled out a crude-looking skull mask, probably the best she could get in such a short time, and put it on. “The assassin, Heartbane.”
This was all feeling a little too creepy. Still, Arico felt it was best to play along. “I pulled my gun out, aimed it.” He choreographed the motion, aiming the weapon she’d given him.
She darted forward. “I kicked your gun away.” Jaas grabbed the gun from his hand and tossed it to the right a good distance.
“I charged her—uh, Heartbane, knocking us both down,” he continued, and Jaas ‘fell’ backwards onto the ground with him above her.
If Jaas felt uncomfortable, she didn’t show it. “You loosed my hair, and found out I was a woman. Then I slipped free and rolled away.” She did as she said, though not nearly as easily as Hazra had done. “All right. Pause that moment right there. You stopped fighting at that point, and ran back to… ‘Jaas’. Why?” She lifted the mask and looked at him inquisitively.
Standing up a little stiffly, he thought back. “I knew I was no match for Haz—the assassin. I decided we both needed to get out of there, quick.”
“All right,” she ran back to the door, and placed her hand above the dagger, resting it on the flat of the blade and winced a little as she did so. “You ran back to Jaas and pulled on the dagger. It didn’t come loose.”
He did as told, moving back and putting his hand on the dagger. It wasn’t buried as deep as before, but it was close enough.
“Jaas told you to leave her, but you refused.”
“Damn right I did,” he said proudly.
Jaas gave him a slight smirk and then ran back to her old position, slipping the mask back on. “You saw Heartbane again, with your gun. She pointed it at your chest. Pause there again. What were you feeling, right there?”
She pulled out her own gun and aimed it at him, and he tried to relive what he’d felt. “I was scared, of course.”
“Scared of what?” Jaas demanded sharply, lowering the mask again. “Jaas is behind you, trapped and bleeding badly. You can’t fight Heartbane, but you can’t leave without Jaas either, and you can’t pull her free, can you? What were you feeling, Arico? The first thing to come to mind!”
“I… I was scared I was going to die! That you—that Jaas was going to die, or be captured!”
Jaas nodded behind the mask. She gave a piercing laugh—much like Heartbane had done—and pulled the trigger.
Something struck him in the chest, knocking the wind out of him as a muted pop echoed through the ruins. Arico flinched back against the door, rubbing at his chest. “Ow! What in the Shemra was that for??”
Jaas pulled off the mask, revealing a horrified look. She darted over to him, dropping the gun. “Sorry! I’m so sorry! Are… you all right?”
Arico looked around for a bit before spotting the wadded paper she’d used as ammo. It was a practice round, just as he’d used years ago during his training. At least she’d been thirty paces away, or it would have hurt a lot more.
“I’m fine,” he said irritably. The paper had dampened the noise of the shot and his tunic had lessened the impact, but it still stung a lot. “I think. What were you thinking, firing at me like that?”
“You were supposed to disappear into the threads!” She exclaimed, wringing her hands again. “We duplicated everything, including the shot itself. It should have worked!”
“Well it didn’t,” he grumbled, slipping a hand under his tunic and gingerly feeling for a bruise. He felt sore, right in the middle of his chest. Ironically, her aim had gotten a lot better. “At least you weren’t using a normal bullet.”
Jaas apologized several more times, almost to the point of babbling, but he held up a hand. “No, you’re right. We need to try this again.” Together they set up the scene again, with him next to the door, and the ersatz Heartbane across from him.
Closing his eyes, Arico tried to relive the moment just before Heartbane had fired. It was very similar to his dream trips with Odjes—just a matter of focus. Jaas kept quiet, and he slowly put himself back there. When Heartbane had raised the gun and laughed at him, he’d been scared for sure. But he’d also felt…
Angry.
Yes, that was it. He’d been furious. There they were, trying to educate and help people who’d known only oppression their entire lives, and out of nowhere this… thug had come with every intention of murdering him! Sent by an entire culture of thugs who just wanted to stay in charge of this—this sewer of a city! It wasn’t right! Or fair, or decent, or any of the things he’d learned from Durhu and the dwarves! He had every right to be angry! That was it!
Smiling, Arico opened his eyes to the roiling white chaos that was the threads. He opened a window, and could see a distant Jaas smiling back at him.
-.-
It was nearly daybreak by the time Velya finally made it to one of the Smith family’s villas on the edge of Barros patch. One of the Deathwatcher women named Yeshri had been in labor all night, and had only given birth a few hours ago. Fortunately both she and her baby boy were all right, but Velya felt exhausted. And grimy, despite the brief shower she’d just taken. She’d just drop in, wish Boska and his wife well, make a brief appearance to the party-goers, and then return home to get some sleep. Most likely they would all be asleep as well, given how late it was.
That was strange. There were no guards posted outside the villa. Velya shook her head. They’d probably gone inside for the party as well. It was foolish of them, but then Velya wasn’t in any position to tell Boska how his guards should behave.
The front doors were barred, too. From the outside. With a rising sense of dread, Velya lifted the bar and slipped inside.
There were a dozen or so figures inside, all sprawled on the ground. The nearby foyer showed a few more, also on the ground. Silently removing her dagger from its hiding place in her dress forearm, she moved closer to check on them.
When Velya put her fingers to the neck of the nearest guard, she could tell that he was breathing and his heart was beating. Most likely drugged, then. The others were in the same condition. Grateful that she’d chosen to wear her soft-soled shoes, Velya silently made her way from room to room trying to find anyone still awake. Room by room, her hopes faded.
The dining room was the worst. People had apparently slumped over right as they were eating, including Ornos himself. Judging by the mostly-untouched food, Velya suspected that whatever had done this had been in the drinks. Once the toast was done, it would have taken only a matter of minutes for the entire household to fall unconscious. The staff, too, would have been taken in. Boska’s toasts usually included everyone, children and servants alike.
Velya froze. There was a groaning noise coming from the kitchen. Slipping past the servants on the ground, she pushed open the kitchen door. Boska’s wife Shaana was on the other side, partially blocking the door and rocking feebly back and forth. There was a fresh scratch on the side of her neck, in a straight line.
Just behind her in the kitchen was Boska himself. He looked unconscious like the others, but he had a tiny dart sticking from the side of his neck. Velya plucked the dart out, knowing that it was probably already too late. It was one of Ta’anu’s all right, and probably laced with the same stuff he’d used back in the fields. At least Shaana didn’t look any worse than the rest of the household.
Sighing, Velya dragged the poor woman away from the door and propped her up against the kitchen wall. There was another dart on the ground nearby, probably the cause of the scratch on her neck. Velya guessed that she’d been grazed by the dart and gotten a smaller dose. Enough to knock her out, but not to keep her unconscious for long.
“Velya…” Shaana moved her head slightly, peering up at her. “I’m… sorry. It’s my fault. All… my fault.”
“What is?” She demanded, still keeping her voice low. Whoever did this might still be nearby. “Did Ta’anu do this?”
Sha’ana nodded feebly. “Ta’anu and Boska had a plan,” she said a little more clearly, her eyes coming more into focus as she looked up at Velya. “They stole it together. They… hid it away, where no one would think to look.”
She grimaced at the sight of the others on the ground. “But Ta’anu tricked us. He must have put something in the drinks. I didn’t drink anything because of the baby, and neither did Boska, but then he just shot us! He only grazed me,” she said in a wavering voice, her hands cradling her abdomen. “For the sake of my baby. He… always was a good shot.” Her eyes rolled over to the dart on the ground.
She was rambling. Velya grabbed Shaana’s head with both hands and shook her a little. “Stay with me, Shaana! What did they steal?”
“Forgive me, Velya,” she continued faintly. “Boska wanted to use it on the people who deserve it most. The Ascendants, the Council, some of the Penets. We only planned on taking a few barrels—enough to do that. But it was Ta’anu’s job to destroy the rest, and I don’t think he did! I’m so sorry.”
Dread gripped at Velya’s chest, and she had to force herself to breathe normally. “The nethrit poison. Aquun have mercy; that’s what they stole!”
Shaana nodded weakly. “You have to stop him!” Velya stood up slowly, her heart beating like a drum. With that much nethrit, a navigator like Ta’anu could do a lot of damage.
Nearly all of the Thornes were here, unconscious, and she didn’t know how to find the rest, wherever they were. The Thornes had always been kept separate from each other for security reasons. Shaana was no good right now either, even if she could be trusted to help. Velya was on her own, and Ta’anu probably had help from his own patch.
There was no time to waste. Velya leaned down towards Shaana again. “You and your husband have a lot of explaining to do, but that will have to wait. Where did they hide the poison?”
Shaana’s eyes were closing again. In desperation, Velya shook her again, hard. “Wake up, Shaana! Where would Ta’anu take that much poison?! Where could he hide it safely?”
“The… city wall,” Shaana finally replied. “Krellik patch, right where the Waters enter the city. It’s… abandoned now, but Ta’anu was asking about it before the raid.”
She was right. There was a tower there by the wall, originally built by the Millers to store the Waters before they realized it wouldn’t be of any use to them. It wasn’t much, but at least she knew where to go now. Gently lowering Shaana back to the ground, Velya flat out ran from the villa towards the nearest threads.
-.-
Quite a crowd had gathered in the early-morning light to watch Arico work. Dwarves had gathered even from other patches, putting their work on hold to see this novelty. Even Endu and the boys were there, amidst the sea of short, bearded folks. There’d been no sign of Jaas yet, though.
It was a pity she wasn’t there, but not really a surprise. He’d stood shoulder-to-shoulder with her the other night at Terres’ place, while the smuggler chief questioned Jaas in detail. Jaas had risen to the challenge as he knew she would, but he’d gotten a weird sense from her as they left. And later, when she was helping him work out how to manipulate the threads, he’d gotten that sense again. Perhaps it was because of Terres’ obvious feelings of jealousy. For a moment back there, he’d even been tempted to put on a show with Terres, to see how Jaas would react. Terres certainly would have gone along with it.
No, that wouldn’t have been fair to either of them. Terres deserved someone who felt the same way about her, and Jaas deserved the simple truth from him. His lies had been what had ended things with Nouma, and he wasn’t about to make that mistake again.
Arico’s concentration slipped for a moment, and he sighed. After getting some much-needed rest yesterday, he’d gone back to the stone wall she’d used as a duplicate of Yeggin patch, and started practicing again. It had taken the afternoon and most of the night, but now he was finally gaining some comfort with this… threading ability. All the same, it was still easy to distract him from it. He tried to focus on the task at hand, and not on feelings that may or may not exist.
It wasn’t that easy to put Jaas out of his mind though, especially while using abilities that she’d effectively given him. Without Jaas, none of this might have been possible. Arico freely admitted to anyone who asked that it had been her plan to unlock his new abilities, and that it had worked. Unfortunately his attempts to do the same for the Hauld’s navigators had so far gone nowhere.
Perhaps Jaas was right. She was convinced that it was a combination of his bloodline and the fact that he was self-taught that let him do these incredible things. On the other hand, it could be the difference in kind—dwarves even thought differently than men—but Arico suspected it was also a matter of sheer power. Both sides of his ancestry had been bred for navigational skill for generations, making him and his sister possibly the most powerful navigators alive. That could also explain her own unique ability to track people through the threads.
Every day since his visit to Terres Huun’s place, he’d been sticking around that cabin at noon, hoping Hazra would show up. Also hoping she came alone, and not with a squad of Ascendants to arrest him. There’d been no sign of either so far.
As to his new abilities, Jaas had presented another theory just this morning. There had been an earthquake when she had first arrived. She was wondering if her arrival might have weakened the threads themselves, opening up abilities that wouldn’t have been possible before. Whatever the explanation, Arico was just grateful it worked.
As the crowd watched intently, he tried to concentrate. He knelt down on the dirt plot set aside specifically by the Hauld for this project, and reached down to touch the earth. As he did so, Arico began again to focus on the repetitive phrase in his mind.
Stunties come to break and paw; stunties come to take it all.
It was what Jaas had called a mnemonic device. As a kid, he’d heard that phrase being chanted by other children in Tellek patch. To them it was a simple rhyme, not something meant to denigrate the dwarves, but because he’d spent years with the dwarves, learning to respect them, hearing it never failed to anger him.
It was precisely that anger which he needed to call on his new abilities. As he thought the rhyme out in his head, sure enough that hard knot in his stomach reappeared, and with his eyes closed he could see the threads appear at the tips of his fingers. Unlike the flatness of the walls separating the patches, these streams of white light had formed into a sharp point. A spike of white light coming from above, with a tip that ended just as it reached his fingers. And then another spike, and another. Soon there were dozens of them, all overlapping to the point where it almost looked like he was wearing white gloves made of threads!
The streams of light within them were still just as random, though. When he moved his hands, the threads moved as well, as if he were pulling on them without even feeling them. It was quite amazing, really. Instead of using that access to jump into the threads, he pushed the threads into the earth, digging deeper and deeper with his hands. It was exactly the same as the hole he’d dug weeks ago with Alzhi, but this time he was nowhere near the threads! Before long he released his control, and the threads snapped back to their original position. As he’d spent hours discovering, it didn’t seem to matter where in a patch he was. He could call the threads to himself no matter where he happened to be. The further away he was calling from, the harder it was to maintain, but whenever he let go they had always returned to the straight vertical shape they’d been before.
For now he had to be careful, though. He was sure to only pull the threads from very high up. That way they came down from above, instead of parallel to the ground. It was to keep the crowd safe, actually. Only a few of the watching dwarves were navigators—the rest were at risk if the threads touched them. And it also made it easier for him to dig into the ground. If he’d been pulling the threads from the side, he would have cut vast swaths of earth, but he wouldn’t have been able to dig very far down at all.
Arico opened his eyes and looked down at his handiwork briefly. He’d dug nearly a full span into the ground. Without shovels, and leaving no trail of dirt.
Granted, any digger could have done as much in the same time. There had to be a way to speed it up. He could call the threads to him very easily now, but actually using them to dig was something he’d need to practice. Jaas had assured him that any mental device could be honed with practice. Apparently that was how her spells worked (or would work, anyway, if she ever got out of the city again).
On an impulse Arico removed his leather shoes and stockings, and laid them next to the hole. Standing in the gap he’d made, he focused once again and called the threads to him, but this time to his feet. It was a strange sensation. If he closed his eyes, he could see the almost-vertical spikes of threads passing through his body and down to his toes! But he couldn’t feel any of it. There was no sign it was happening except for the effects. As he carefully stepped down, the threads around his right foot eliminated all the dirt below it. Before long he had to stop and switch to the other foot.
It was hard going at first: switching control like that. It reminded him of the first time he’d tried to climb the long staircase inside the keep. Or riding a horse. The dwarves had a stable on the far side of the Enclave. While most of them preferred walking or navigating, there were a few who had learned horsemanship. The Hauld had wanted Arico to learn the same, just in case his undercover work required riding at some point. Practice and confidence were the twin keys to this, just as they had been for riding.
As he worked at it though, it became easier. He could do this with shoes on as well, but that would slow things down. Direct skin contact was the fastest way to thread stuff. Step, stop, switch. Step, stop, switch. Stunties come to break and paw…
When he opened his eyes, he found he was literally in over his head. The dirt had collapsed in around him, burying him all the way up to his shoulders. After freeing his arms, he reached up and a dozen or so arms lifted him out of the hole he’d dug for himself. Cheering and clapping resonated through the crowd, and he allowed himself a small smile as he shook hands all around.
Jaas was finally there as well, pushing her way through the crowd. Otrul was at her side too, for some reason. He waved at her. “Jaas! Did you see that? You were right; it’s just a matter of practice. Imagine how quickly we can dig a well now!”
“All righ’, all of ye!” Otrul shouted out. “Ye’ve seen tha show; now ge’ back ta work! Off ye go!”
A few of the crowd grumbled at his proclamation, but they dispersed easily enough, heading back downhill in several directions. The navigators spread out as well, to help them get back to work in the other patches. As the crowd split up, Arico caught sight of someone else behind Jaas. It was Velya. Boss Bloodeye’s aide and advisor.
What in the world could she be doing here? How had she even gotten here? The Deathwatchers had no navigators, and he doubted the dwarves had been too happy to see her, even though she’d been in the Enclave once before. Just after that near-disastrous summit of stra’tchi leaders.
“We need your help,” Jaas said once she was close enough.
-.-
Chapter 48
“Let me get this straight,” Arico said in a voice of disbelief. “You’re one of Jaas’ mysterious allies; the ones who helped us with Pratun. And you’re also a navigator?”
Jaas leaned forward. They were throwing a lot of information at him at once, but he had to listen! The stakes were too high for him to delay, if Velya’s information was correct. Sabra was there too, staying uncharacteristically quiet. Arico gave him an evaluative glance as well. They had fought together more than once now—side by side. Jaas hoped that would make Arico more likely to listen.
“That’s correct,” Velya said quickly. “We call ourselves Thornes. But I don’t have time to explain everything. We have to get moving if we’re going to stop Ta’anu.”
Arico didn’t budge, though. Instead he looked up at his giant friend. “And you, Sabra? You’ve been working with these ‘thornes’ since the start? Is that why you joined us—so you can spy on us for her?” He glanced in Velya’s direction as he spoke, but despite his accusations, his voice wasn’t angry. Jaas doubted she would have been as calm in his shoes.
Sabra grimaced, contorting his face even further than usual. He placed a massive hand on Velya’s shoulder. “Sabra did what was best. Not just for his sister, but for little man and pretty lady too. Thornes can help little man’s movement! If little man gives them a chance.”
From his expression, Arico wasn’t buying it, but he nodded anyway. He looked back to Velya. “If all this is true, then why would you want to stop one of your own people? From what you said, you helped him steal this poison in the first place.”
Velya’s face reddened slightly. “I didn’t know he was stealing it! Boska said they were sending it to the far side of the city. To be destroyed in the threads or at least dumped into the sea.”
He gave Jaas a sidelong glance. “Do you believe this?”
“I do,” she answered firmly. “The Thornes would never reveal themselves unless the situation was dire, and if they really were working for the Council they could have betrayed us at any time. Instead, they’ve helped us while staying in the shadows.”
“Very well,” he said finally, apparently having made up his mind. “Velya, you said Ta’anu wanted revenge against the Council for what they did to Tellek patch. Which patch does he plan on poisoning? Is he going straight for Sevvas patch?”
She shrugged helplessly. “I don’t know! I think I know where he’s keeping the poison, but I have no idea what he plans on doing with it! Either way it doesn’t matter—if a single Sustained citizen dies from nethrit poisoning at the hands of a stra’tchi, especially if it’s a Boss doing the poisoning, it’ll mean massive retaliation. They’ll start a full-scale Tumult against the stra’tchi, the dwarves, and your movement as well! Not even the Council will be able to stop them, and that’s assuming they’d even want to!”
Arico’s face tightened, and Jaas suddenly realized that he probably knew this just as well as anyone else. After all, he’d been studying the Sustained Council most of his adult life, and he’d most certainly discussed their actions and reactions with the Hauld. “All right,” he said curtly. “Take us to the poison. At the very least we’ll need to destroy it, but it’ll have to be just the four of us. Any of our other human friends who can fight are out of contact right now, and if anyone sees a dwarf in a Sustained patch, it could cause the very slaughter we’re trying to avoid!”
Jaas nodded grimly, and gripped her small matchlock. She wasn’t sure she was ready for this—after all, who knew what might happen over there? However her trepidation didn’t matter right now. Thousands of lives could be at stake here, and she didn’t have the luxury of self-doubt.
Arico led them down the nearest tunnel out of the Hauld’s keep towards the threads. Apparently he wasn’t ready to share his newfound abilities with the Thornes just yet. Jaas couldn’t blame him, but word would get out sooner or later. He’d have to admit what he could do eventually.
Still, it wasn’t all bad news. When they reached the edge, Arico trustingly put his hand in Velya’s, and reached out to Jaas. He was willing to go wherever she took him, even knowing that it might be a trap. Somehow, Jaas doubted the Hauld would approve.
They arrived in an old run-down building that seemed familiar, though. It took Jaas a few moments to recognize it. They were in Krellik patch… at almost the very same spot she’d arrived in the city! Outside, the river made its way slowly south into the city. She could even see the edge of the grate underneath the city’s northern wall. Arico had come here several times to pick up mail for her from the Outside, but she’d never been back here herself.
Arico and Sabra took up positions on either side of the door, and Velya moved up next to him. “He should be up there,” she explained in an undertone, pointing to the wooden tower Jaas had seen just after her arrival.
Jaas could see a figure up there, silhouetted against the sunlight. She covered her eyes against the glare. “I thought that tower was empty. Arico, didn’t you say the Sustained stopped using it a long time ago?”
“He’s keeping the poison in there, I’m sure of it,” Velya responded darkly, before Arico could speak. “I just wish I knew who he was planning on killing with it!”
Now that she was listening for it, Jaas could hear the faint sloshing of liquid up there. She could make out a few more people now. There were two—no, three—of them in sight, though there might be more on the wall or the other side of the tower.
It made perfect sense to her. No one went up there anymore, and virtually no one visited this patch either. Arico had told her of a small encampment near where she’d been captured—a kind of resort for some of the Sustained to relax in, but it was well out of sight from the wall. This Ta’anu was apparently counting on no one coming this far north, or paying much attention if they did.
“They’re building something too,” Arico said quietly, and pointed a little lower towards the framework holding the tower up. “It looks like some kind of ramp. Or maybe… a funnel?”
“Aquun have mercy!” Velya said, her face going white. “I was wrong. He’s not going after one Sustained patch. He’s going after all of them!”
It took a second, but Jaas finally saw what she meant. The funnel was right over the river itself. When it was completed, all they’d have to do is break a hole in the tower, and the poison would flow down it into the river. Contaminating the Sustained’s water supply.
“You think he’s going to dump it in the Waters?” Jaas asked, wide-eyed.
“If Sabra was a vengeance-driven madman, that would be Sabra’s plan,” the giant growled angrily, but Arico raised a hand to him.
“I knew Ta’anu, back in Tellek patch. He’s friends with Durhu. He always seemed confident and self-important, but I never thought he could do something like this!”
Jaas shook her head. “You said he hates the Council, but this will kill more than just them! How many thousands of people will die because of this?”
“It’s worse than that.” Arico put in slowly, the gears obviously turning in his head. “When they find out the Waters aren’t safe to drink anymore, any Sustained who are still alive will have no choice to but take the Waters from anywhere they can find. They’ll hit the dwarves and the stra’tchi patches to take their Waters. They won’t just let the Council invade other patches, they’ll demand it! And if the poison sinks to the bottom of the Waters, they could be undrinkable for weeks.” He sucked in a sharp breath. “We could be talking about the end of the city itself, here. But… this doesn’t make sense. Ta’anu wouldn’t survive any more than anyone else.”
“He’s probably been stockpiling his own supply away somewhere safe.” Velya still sounded overwhelmed. “For his own people, and anyone else he wants to spare.”
“Exactly what we should be doing,” Arico growled. He turned quickly to face threads and beckoned. In response, a hand extended out of the threads. “Otrul, get back to the Enclave and tell the Hauld that the Waters are about to be contaminated. Tell him he has to store as much as he can, as quickly as he can! We’ll try to stop this before it starts, but if we fail… at least your people might stand a chance.”
The hand made a thumbs-up and then vanished. Jaas got over her surprise quickly. Of course Arico had arranged for the dwarves to follow them, and they were able to read lips as well. Arico might be trusting Velya right now, but he wasn’t stupid.
“You three wait here,” he said, turning back to the threads. “I’m gonna get a better view.”
-.-
Arico’s heart thudded against his chest as if trying to burst free. His breathing was quick and ragged, despite the relative safety of the threads. From here he could look down on the wall, and what he saw was truly impressive. The pressure tower was full to the brim with green liquid. There was enough poison here to fill up Tellek’s old reservoir and overflow it.
Arico remembered when he and Durhu had first moved to Tellek patch. He remembered sneaking up to the reservoir on the edge of his village and looking into it from above, seeing more of the Waters inside than he’d ever thought existed! This was the very same sensation, only with a sick feeling underneath it.
He was used to high stakes—he was trying to overthrow the entire city’s government, after all—but nothing like this. Over eighty thousand people might die here if he should fail! And despite being wealthy and apparently murderous, Ta’anu wasn’t stupid either. He’d removed the tower’s ladder already, and the tower itself was far enough away from the walls that trying to jump to it would be risky. Even showing up on the walls would be an invitation to get shot.
From what Velya had told him, Ta’anu liked to coat his ammunition with poison as well. The nonlethal kind, thankfully, but waking up to a city without drinkable Waters might actually be worse than just dying from a crossbow bolt.
While he was debating his next move, Arico noticed something strange about the funnel itself. It wasn’t just pointed to the Waters, but right to where the Waters met the threads themselves. With a sinking feeling in his gut, Arico realized why. Ta’anu wanted to make sure that every part of the Waters was contaminated. That way the Sustained couldn’t just grab what they needed from upstream. None of it would be safe to drink. Ta’anu had really thought this… genocide of his through.
With a flash of inspiration, Arico looked back at the tower itself. It hadn’t occurred to him before, but he didn’t really need to find a way up there after all. With his new abilities, all he had to do was thread a few of the tower’s supports and the whole thing would come crashing down! Arico wouldn’t need to worry about being crushed under it, either—he could simply vanish as soon as it started to come down.
No, that wouldn’t work. If the tower collapsed the poison would splash everywhere, and most of it would end up flowing right back in the Waters anyway. To make sure it was all disposed of safely, he’d have to climb up there himself. Which meant they’d have to take care of Ta’anu and his people first. With a breath of disappointment, Arico headed back to the others.
“Any cracks in poison-man’s armor?” Sabra asked from the doorway, as soon as he got back.
Arico shook his head. “He’s got three people with him, and they’ve got the area locked up tight. They’re all carrying crossbows, and they’ve got the walls and threads in easy sight. What I don’t understand is why they’re waiting. The funnel is done—they could dump the poison at any time. What’s the hold-up?”
“It’s the Aquunsaya,” Velya said after a moment. “He’s waiting for the celebration to start.”
“He’s trying to maximize the damage,” Jaas realized aloud. “He’s trying to kill as many of them as he can while they’re all in the Waters together!”
“Well, that gives us a little time, at least,” Arico said encouragingly. “The Aquunsaya doesn’t start for at least another half hour. We still have a chance to stop this, but we’re going to need a distraction if we want to get close to that tower.” He looked to Velya. “Think you can keep him occupied?”
“It shouldn’t be a problem,” she said confidently. “I’ve known him since he was a child. I’ll keep him talking for as long as you need. Though, he does have a certain respect for you, Jaas,” she added thoughtfully. “It might be better if you came with me. If things go wrong, I’ll navigate you out of there.”
Jaas nodded slowly, and then shrugged. “It’s not like I’m much of a climber. If things go wrong, I’m not going anywhere.” She pulled her gun from her pack and started loading it. “There are just too many lives at stake.”
Arico stared at her for a moment, and then smiled. “Well said. Sabra, if we can get underneath the tower, I’ll need you to give me a boost up to the supports. From there, I’ll climb up underneath the poison and start threading it. Hopefully by the time he catches on, it’ll all be gone.”
“How?” Velya demanded. “The tower is at least ten spans from the edge of the threads! Even if Sabra was a navigator, even he couldn’t reach that far!”
“I… have my ways,” Arico said hesitantly. “Thanks to Jaas, actually. Trust me, I can do this. I’ll send the poison to the far side of the city. Some of it will make it out through the threads because it’s a liquid, but whatever does will just end up in the sea.”
“That’s just what Ta’anu and Boska said they were doing with it,” Velya said, her voice thick with anger, mostly eclipsing her puzzlement over Arico’s abilities. “Let’s make sure it actually happens this time.” She handed him a pair of thick leather gloves from her pack. “You’ll need those. I wouldn’t touch this stuff with bare skin if I were you.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” Arico said as he hung them on his belt. They were heavy work gloves—no good for climbing. He’d have to put them on once he was already up there. “Let’s get this done.”
It only took Velya and Jaas a few moments to navigate from the abandoned structure to the top of the walls, within clear sight of the tower. “Ta’anu!” Velya called out loudly. “I’m here to talk!”
The first few moments were the most crucial. The moment she spoke, Arico and Sabra began running as quietly as they could towards the base of the tower. With Ta’anu’s men looking the other way, they got underneath it in less than ten seconds and then stayed as still as possible. There was no sign they’d been spotted. Yet.
“You shouldn’t be here, Velya,” a harsh voice responded from far above. “You won’t want to see this.”
Arico nodded to Sabra, who cupped his massive hands under his foot and began lifting him up. The tower was old, but sturdy and well built. Unfortunately, that meant the only place Arico could grab on was at least twenty-five spans off the ground. Even with Sabra underneath, it was still out of reach. Arico looked down again, and pointed up. He then began counting down from three on his fingers.
Sabra nodded, and as soon as Arico reached zero he heaved upwards, pushing Arico into the air. Almost as if he was an Ona ball, Arico grabbed ahold of the scaffolding just as he stopped going up, and then was left hanging there in midair. So far so good.
“Shaana told me where you’d gone,” Velya spoke again from the wall, “but she couldn’t tell me why. What could you possibly hope to gain from this? A city-wide extermination?”
“Not extermination,” Ta’anu said hotly. “Transformation! Once the Waters have been tainted, the Council’s grip on the stra’tchi will be broken! Everyone will be in the same situation, and every patch will have to dig a well to survive! We have you to thank for that, Harbinger!” He added, clearly talking to Jaas. “If you hadn’t told us about wells in the first place, we never could have done this!”
Arico swung his leg over the strut, and heaved himself up on top of it. The ramp was only a dozen or so spans above, and climbing from here should be easy. Staying unseen would be the tricky part. From below, Sabra was keeping his massive bulk as still as possible.
“What about the people downstream?” Velya continued. They’ll die before they find out the Waters have been poisoned! Thousands of people, Ta’anu! Women and children celebrating the Aquunsaya! What about them?”
Ta’anu’s voice flattened. “An appropriate retribution. They destroyed Tellek patch. Now they’ll lose people too.”
“They’re innocent! They did nothing to you!”
“NO!” He shouted back at her. “There are no innocent Sustained, Velya! They’re propping up a system that’s committed mass murder! They could have stopped the Council from poisoning Tellek patch—from poisoning my mother! They could have forced the Council to find another way, but they didn’t. No, they’re all just as guilty as those they serve. And now they’re going to pay for it.”
There was a pause, and Arico stood still on the wooden strut. Apparently even Velya had been shocked by that outburst.
“You’re a family man, Ta’anu,” Jaas’ voice said gently, into the silence. “Velya told me about your wife and son. That’s why you’re doing this, isn’t it? Not for the stra’tchi everywhere, not even for vengeance on those who killed your mother. You’re doing this for your son! So that he’ll never know the pain that you felt when you heard about Tellek patch. So that he’ll never be taken away from you!”
“Think about what this will mean for him, though!” She continued intensely, and Arico kept climbing. He was just underneath the platform they were all standing on. He could even see some of them through the cracks between the wooden planks. “Even if you succeed, and the Sustained are all destroyed! When he learns just how many people you killed to keep him safe? When he’s old enough to understand, what will he do? How will he look at you then? Could he ever respect you, or love you, knowing what you’ve done?”
“At least he’ll be alive,” Ta’anu retorted. “Do you know how many other children haven’t been so lucky?” One of the struts under Arico’s foot gave a loud squeak.
Arico winced. Almost unwillingly, he looked up and saw Ta’anu looking back down at him through a crack in the landing. “Very clever, Harbinger,” he growled, and lifted his crossbow. “Fire!”
There several thwip noises as crossbows fired, and a bang as Jaas joined in. Ta’anu’s men were firing at the wall. The crack in the platform wasn’t wide enough to fire through, but Arico leaned back to get out of Ta’anu’s sight anyway. “A little help up here, please!”
Grinning, Sabra gave a guttural roar and slammed his full weight into one of the tower’s legs. The impact was impressive, even on a structure this heavy, and Arico had to hold on tight to keep from being thrown off. Above him, he could hear several of Ta’anu’s men lose their footing and fall on the walkway.
This was his chance. Heaving himself up on the walkway, he grabbed one of the men still holding onto the rail and held him up as a human shield. One of the guards was down, and one of the others had already reloaded and was aiming his crossbow in Arico’s direction. Ta’anu was using the tower to shield him from further fire as he reloaded as well.
With a grunt, Arico shoved his ‘hostage’ forward into the line of fire, and one of Velya’s shots took him in the arm. She was using the same sedative they were; he collapsed almost immediately. As part of the same movement, Arico charged the last guard and tackled him to the walkway as well. The impact stunned him briefly, and Arico struck him on the side of the head above the ear, knocking him out as well.
He rose to see Ta’anu standing to face him. He was holding one of the sledgehammers they’d apparently used to construct the funnel on the side of the tower. They were both out of sight from the wall. Down below, Sabra roared again, but Arico quickly shouted down at him. “No, Sabra! Another hit might bring the tower down!” Mercifully, Sabra halted in time. He growled up at Arico, and then stepped back out of the line of sight.
Ta’anu was staring at him, hammer at the ready, and Arico was unarmed. Velya had told him that Ta’anu was a skilled fighter. Arico just hoped he could be better.
With a yell, Ta’anu swung, but not at Arico. His hammer slammed into the tower itself, at its base right above the walkway. The swing pushed him off balance though, just enough to be seen from the wall again, and a third shot from Velya took him down.
Arico ran over to the where the hammer had hit, but it was too late. Cracks from the blow had already started to spread, and green liquid had started dripping out. There was no time to think—Arico closed his eyes and called the threads to him. He had only a few moments to find the right place. By the time he found it and looked back out, the drips had already become a spray. He reached out and started threading as soon as the wooden surface shattered.
Threading dirt in the ground was one thing. A relatively simple thing in the grand scale. Transporting this liquid as fast as it was coming at him was something else entirely. But he had to—there was no other choice.
“Sabra!” he yelled down below. “Get to the other side the Waters, now! If I fail, this’ll spray all over you!”
There was a yell of acknowledgement from below, and Sabra’s massive form rushed at the Waters and made a running jump. He didn’t make it even a quarter of the way across, but it was still farther than any human could have jumped. With a lot of splashing, he began swimming the rest of the way. It was good he’d had some experience in the Waters from his time in the Enclave, or he would never have been able to swim.
Dimly, Arico was aware of Jaas yelling to him as well. “Velya, get her out of here! Get her across the Waters while you still can!”
The cracks widened and spread out, with more and more of the wooden surface breaking away, and Arico gritted his teeth trying to keep up with it all. By now there must have been a full storm of putrid liquid on the other side of the city, he reflected grimly to himself.
Then, almost anticlimactically, it was suddenly over. The stream and torrent of foulness had ended, and now only a few drops were left spilling down onto the flagstones below them. The tower had been mostly gutted on one side, and Arico grabbed one of the rails as the walkway itself swayed slightly. He released the threads in the process.
At about the same time, he realized he wasn’t alone anymore. There were several dozen people down there, looking up at him from the south. Sustained people by their clothing. They were just staring, at him and at what was left of the tower. They must have been at the Retreat, heard the shots from Jaas’ gun, and come here to see what was going on. Velya was on the other side of the Waters too, with Jaas and Sabra. At least they looked unharmed.
With a kind of dead feeling inside, Arico raised his hands. He just hadn’t had any time to put the gloves on. Dark green stains coated both of them—the inevitable result of transporting a liquid through the threads. He looked down at Velya, still holding his hands up. “How long do I have?” He called out. They were already tingling, from what he could feel.
Velya grimaced, and lowered her gaze briefly. “It’s… already on your skin. It’ll be a minute or so before it gets into your blood, and then it can’t be stopped.”
“How long?” He repeated in the sudden quiet. A stark contrast to the roaring liquid of just a few moments ago.
She sighed, audible even across the Waters. “A few hours at most. I’m sorry, Arico.”
Arico suddenly felt very aware of his body; of his hands. He should have felt angry—he knew. Death took everyone in the end: the Shemra made sure of that. Still, he wasn’t angry. He just felt numb.
“Get them back to… where we came from,” he told her carefully, aware of their audience. “I’ll see you soon. And tell my healer friend what happened. She’ll know what to bring.”
Velya hesitated, but Jaas nodded in return. “We’re on it, Arico.” She pulled both of them towards the nearest redline, and Velya reluctantly took them into the threads.
Taking a deep breath, Arico called on the threads one more time. There was still a chance for him to survive. There was almost always another option, he’d found. Most people just didn’t think to look for them all, or have the stomach to make them happen. Smiling down at the crowd, he jumped off the tower and vanished in midair.
Two hands hit the ground in his place.
-.-
Chapter 49
Berilo felt his lip tighten in frustration as he looked down at the mess before him. He was standing on the north wall of the city, right next to the threads. The Millers’ tower was in front of him, torn open and barely standing. Lying on the railing connected to the tower were at least three bodies, and spread out beneath it were dozens of green-stained flagstones.
Ascendants were everywhere. The ones on the tower were wearing heavy protective gear, including some masks for the more apprehensive of them. There was no need for that—nethrit couldn’t really be inhaled—but they were being cautious anyway. The rest of the Ascendants were spread out on his order, forcibly keeping the Sustained onlookers from coming any closer. They’d formed a perimeter a few hundred spans out, and it looked like it was holding for now.
“What do we know?” He asked Prenim, who as usual was standing dutifully at his side.
“Not much, my liege,” Prenim said almost apologetically. Not for what happened of course, but for not knowing as much as he should. “The bodies up there are definitely stra’tchi. They each have a genuine mark. They’re all from Rennil patch, on the other side of the city. One of them has been tentatively identified as Ta’anu Bladescar, that patch’s Boss. We’re trying to identify the others.”
“Did they die from exposure?” Berilo asked softly, clamping down on his rage. These stra’tchi scum had just tried to poison half the city. In the middle of the Aquunsaya of all times! By all the Shemra, his entire extended family had been down there, celebrating in the Waters with the rest of their Sustained friends! They would have died slowly, and painfully, if these… assassins had succeeded.
“Yes, my liege,” Prenim confirmed, “but there’s more to it than that. All three had been shot or at least grazed with crossbow bolts. That fits with what the eyewitnesses said—that there was some kind of struggle, and that the heretic was here for it.”
“And the giant,” Berilo bit out angrily. “He was definitely here too?”
“So they claim.”
Yet another thing Hazra had messed up. She had assured him that despite her failure to kill that Endu bitch, or the heretic, or to apprehend the Harbinger, she had at least eliminated the giant.
Actually, Berilo had only himself to blame for this, he reflected grimly. He should never have sent a woman—even a woman with his daughter’s impressive history—to do a man’s job. Well, he wouldn’t make that mistake again. He climbed down the ladder to the ground and walked a small circle around what was left of the tower. It should be safe to walk on the flagstones—only bare skin would be at risk.
Prenim continued talking as he followed. “From what the Ascendants have been able to piece together, the heretic, giant and possibly the Harbinger too, confronted Bladescar and the others on the tower. They managed to incapacitate them, but then the tower began to come apart and Bladescar and his friends were splashed with the liquid. Based on the position of their bodies, it looks like they died without waking up, which suggests they were drugged. We know that Rennil patch has a natural sedative plant that they cultivate and sell to other patches.
Well, he’d have ample time to deal with Rennil patch for this outrage. For now there were more pressing matters to consider. “What about the one who escaped?”
“Ah, well, the Ascendants weren’t sure on that part. Apparently one of Bladescar’s men jumped off of the tower and into the Waters just as they arrived. He must have been lucky and avoided getting any of the liquid on his skin, because he swam south and into the threads.”
“A stra’tchi navigator?” Berilo said harshly. “Like the heretic himself?”
“It appears so, my liege.”
That was troubling, but it would also have to wait. Berilo gave orders to keep Rennil patch under close observation. If any of them tried to leave, they were to be stopped and arrested. It was looking more and more like this had been some kind of power struggle within the heretic’s movement. Bladescar must have been part of the movement as well. Just within the last hour or so, Berilo had gotten word from some of his spies inside the threads that the dwarves had started stockpiling the Waters in the Enclave. For what reason, they had no idea. However now, seeing just how close the Waters had come to being completely poisoned, it made perfect sense to him.
This couldn’t have been part of the Hauld’s plans. If it had been, there would have been no need for a fight. No need to stockpile the Waters at the last instant, and certainly no dead stra’tchi here.
Berilo came to a stop at the base of the tower, where the pair of hands had been left behind. They had been severed cleanly, and obviously intentionally. It was possible to use the threads to amputate limbs—it had been done before, if only rarely. If a navigator chose to leave a part of his body behind, he could do that, though Berilo had never seen the results with his own eyes before. This situation was unprecedented for other reasons as well. “Are you sure these haven’t been touched?” He continued to stare down at them.
“Absolutely sure, my liege,” Prenim said confidently. “The Sustained witnesses were too shocked to do anything about them, and the Ascendants who arrived after were smart enough to leave everything as it was.”
“So these hands belonged to the heretic?”
“That’s what the witnesses said, sir. Though I don’t see how it’s possible,” Prenim continued with a note of doubt in his voice. “The nearest threads are a dozen spans away, at the top of a wall! He must have detached them there, and had someone drop them here, for some grisly reason.”
Prenim thrived on facts. On reliable data and repeatable processes. That made him an astounding adjutant and a clear source of sound advice. He clearly didn’t believe what he’d been told by the Sustained who’d watched this happen. But then… he didn’t know what Berilo did.
Had Hazra been telling the truth after all? The witnesses had claimed Arico had vanished after jumping off the tower. Before he hit the ground. If Hazra was right, the heretic was able to pull the threads to himself. That certainly would have allowed him to navigate away from the tower safely, and to leave his hands behind if necessary.
If she’d been right about that… was she also right about Arico himself? She hadn’t offered any proof—just a feeling, she’d said. Berilo shook his head. It was something to ponder, anyway.
“This should be easy enough to explain away,” Prenim continued unabated. “We tell the Sustained that the heretic and his minions planned this from the start. That they wanted to take advantage of the Aquunsaya to murder thousands of innocent people, but that they were also in a hurry because the Ascendants had learned of their plans. Because of that hurry, they accidentally exposed themselves to this horrific poison that they had created. Three of them died, and the heretic himself was mutilated. There are only a few witnesses to the real events—I’m sure they can be persuaded to support that story.”
“No.”
“My liege?” Prenim asked uncertainly. “What do you mean?”
“I mean no. We don’t tell the Sustained anything. Have the Ascendants clean up this entire area, and demolish the tower itself. Have the hands taken back to Sevvas patch for study. But as for the onlookers out there, tell them nothing.”
“Sir, if we don’t control this story, the rumors will be-”
“Just do as I’ve said!” Berilo said sharply, and Prenim bowed in fear. He immediately stepped back and began issuing the appropriate orders.
He was right, of course. Rumors and stories about these events would spread far and wide. In retrospect, Berilo wasn’t sure why he’d given that order. Perhaps he felt the rumors couldn’t be contained—not with so many witnesses. Uncharacteristically, Prenim seemed to be overly optimistic about how easily the truth could be controlled. For some reason though, Berilo felt right about letting this story into the wild. Let the people talk, and whisper, and ruminate. Let them spread whatever stories they wanted to about this.
Berilo could make use of it all.
-.-
It was only a few minutes until noon, and even this early into spring the sun was already beating down on Arico from above. He strained with effort as he slowly made his way up the hill. Sweat had trickled its way onto his hands, threatening to loosen his grip on the stretcher behind him. Arico stopped briefly to dry them on his tunic before continuing.
Hazra was still unconscious—though by now it was probably because of the drugs Endu had used and not the impact that had knocked her out in the first place. She would likely remain so until well in the afternoon, but that was all right. Arico could wait.
At the top of the hill stood the cabin Arico had been told about. He relaxed slightly as the steep incline eased a bit, and rolled her inside. He nodded at Odjes, who was already seated at the table inside.
For an instant pain lanced through both of his wrists and Arico choked out a cry. But then it was gone. “Are you all right?” Odjes looked back at him with concern.
“I’m fine,” Arico said suspiciously, massaging his wrists. That had been weird.
With Odjes’ help, Arico lifted Hazra up off the stretcher and onto the bunk in the corner. He draped her armor over a nearby chair as well. Her weapons were here too, in a box on the stretcher, but he wasn’t about to hand those over. Not at first, anyway. He still couldn’t believe his sister was the legendary assassin everyone was afraid of. How had she come to this? If only he could ask her.
Hazra sat bolt upright in bed. Arico jumped backwards in startlement, before trying to at least appear calm and composed. She looked puzzled. Disoriented. But not in any pain as she should be. “Arico?” She asked, standing up easily. “Is it really you, brother?”
“It… is,” he said suspiciously. “Were you expecting someone else? And come to think of it, how did you know I’m your brother?”
“You told me,” Hazra said dismissively, brushing off her armor and putting it on. “Don’t you remember?”
Now that she mentioned it, Arico did remember it vaguely. He’d been sitting in the chair, and she’d approached him from behind…Pain seared its way through his hands again, and again Arico winced. At least this time he hadn’t made any noise. Hazra was still putting on the armor, and apparently didn’t notice. Odjes was nowhere to be seen, either
“Well,” she continued in a muffled tone. “You got a message to me, asking me to meet you here in the cabin at noon.” The armor slipped on, and she gestured out the window. “It’s noon. And here I am.”
Yes, that was right. He had asked Terres to send that message. Before all that mess with Ta’anu and the tower—he shook his head. Focus. Hazra was looking at him, a little puzzled, and then her expression shifted to disappointment. “Wait. This is just a memory. I’m in the sha’haln.” She sighed. “Which means you’re not real. You’re just a version of the Arico I know in the waking world.” She didn’t know!
Of course she didn’t know. Cartwright had told Jaas the specifics of how the links worked, and she had told Arico. But no one else but the three of them knew for now.
“No, Hazra, it’s me. This is real… well, as real as real can get in a sha’haln dream,” he assured her. “It’s called linking. Navigators do it all the time without knowing it. Because we’re both powerful navigators, not to mention twins, we’re linked to each other right now!”
Her expression was disbelieving at first, and she reached out a hand slowly. Arico’s impulse was to back away, knowing how quickly she could kill him, but he wasn’t in danger here. Not in a dream. Although… people had been known to die in their sleep, hadn’t they?
“Most people link to each other without even knowing it,” he continued as she slowly walked a circle around him. “They dismiss what they learned in the dream because they think it’s not real, but for us, it is. We’re talking to each other, even though both of us are asleep right now, in different patches!”
“I just took a nap,” she said softly, almost mercurially. “Something happened yesterday, and father has tightened security all over the manor. I couldn’t get free to see you at noon, because he won’t let me leave Sevvas patch, so I dreamed my way here instead!”
“And I’m heavily sedated,” Arico said ruefully. “For pretty much the same reason. Otherwise I wouldn’t dream of sleeping at this hour. Literally, as it turns out,” he added wryly.
Hazra smiled slightly. “It is real, isn’t it? You’re actually here!” Suddenly she grabbed him tightly in a bear hug, lifting him partly off the ground and squeezing the breath out of him.
The sheer surprise of it took him off guard, but when she put him back down he returned the embrace. He remembered everything now, including losing his hands. But here they were just fine. Here he could put his hands on her shoulders and smile at her.
That wasn’t the only weird thing about this situation. For one thing, she seemed very different than the last time they’d spoken. “Tell me everything about yourself, Arico. Where you were raised, what you did for fun, what friends you had. I want to know it all!”
Arico didn’t know what to say at first. “Uh, that would take some time, and you’re only napping. You could wake up at any time!”
She nodded. “You’re right. We’ve got more important stuff to talk about. Sorry. It’s just ever since I found out I have another brother, I’ve been dying to know more. I bet you have a few questions yourself, but that can wait. If we really can communicate through the sha’haln, we can do this whenever we want!”
He had studied Hazra’s past, for a while. As a noblewoman and the closest thing this city had to a princess, she really did have no secrets. Well, other than the big secret. As a result he already knew a great deal about her. He nodded, slowly. “As long as we set a time and place in advance, we can meet up in our dreams.”
“Anyway,” she said, sitting down at the table and gesturing for him to join her, “I’ve made arrangements with Huun. She’s already getting the paperwork ready for you. A new identity, in a Sustained patch. A whole history is being written up as we speak! As for me, I’ve already been there, and checked out the place. It should be safe enough for you. Provided you don’t do anything stupid.”
Arico stared at her from across the table. “Wait… what are you talking about? Why would I need another identity?”
She looked surprised. “Why, to get out, of course.”
“Out? Out of what?”
“The movement! The conflict, the coming Tumult. The involvement with the dwarves. All of it!”
He didn’t know what to say, again. This was starting to become a theme. Would it always be this way, talking with her? A note of suspicion had entered Hazra’s voice. “Isn’t that why you contacted me in the first place? So that I could help you escape all of this? I can protect you, Arico. I already lost one brother; I’m not about to lose another!”
“That’s not why I reached out to you, though. I’m… grateful you offered, but I don’t need your protection.”
“Yes, you do!” She insisted, leaning forward. “This is dangerous stuff you’re mixed up in, Arico! The dwarves are using you for their own ends, the stra’tchi can’t protect you if you get in trouble, and my father—our father—will kill you if he has to! I have to keep you safe. You’re my little brother—I have to look out for you!”
Arico sighed. Yes, she was different than last time. Now that she knew the truth, she’d graduated from being a lone predator to a predator with scary maternal instincts. And she didn’t know how right she was. He looked down at his hands again. He was involved in more danger than she knew.
“Hazra… I’m willing to die for this. If my speech at the Laentana wasn’t proof enough of that, surely the stuff I’ve done since has proven it. I love that you’re trying to help me, I really do, but this is who I am. You can’t protect me from myself.”
They sat in silence for a few moments, gauging each other’s expressions. Eventually Hazra sat back, concern mixed with respect in her eyes. “If you’re really set on staying with this suicidal movement, then why did you reach out to me? Why take the risk?”
Arico chuckled. “The same reason you had at first. I want to get to know you. The real you, not the princess or the mask you put on. And I wanted your help too. You tracked me through the threads! That should have been impossible, but you did it. If you show me how you did that, I think I can show you how to jump into the threads like I do. We can exchange information, at least. If not straight-up teach each other new navigating techniques!”
She was already shaking her head. “Arico, I already know how to jump into the threads. How to pull them to where I am, just like you do. I learned it pretty early on during my career as Heartbane.”
His disappointment must have shown, because Hazra reached across the table and gripped his ‘hand’. “Don’t worry, little brother. I’ll teach you how to track through the threads, and whatever else I can, too. If you’re going to survive, you’ll need all the help you can get.”
It was so strange to be ‘mothered’ by this woman, who was at first a meek noblewoman, then a cold-blooded killer, and now a devoted, caring sister. It was as if she was multiple people at once! Arico shook his head to clear it. “How did you first figure out you could pull on the threads?”
Hazra grimaced. “I was afraid you were going to ask that. I’ll tell you, but you have to keep it between us. The only other person who knows is the Clarion, for reasons you’ll understand soon enough.”
Arico considered that for a moment. So far he’d had no luck teaching others how to move the threads like he, and now apparently his sister, could. If what she told him could help, he had to do whatever he could to learn. Besides, it would be an easy secret to keep. He could always share his own story, if that helped others learn. He let out a slow breath. “Of course. I swear I’ll keep it between the three of us.”
She leaned back in the chair for a few seconds, breathing slowly. “It was just over three years ago, in Sevvas patch. The Clarion and I… well, we’d just had our second miscarriage,” she said darkly. “I assume you know about that?”
Arico nodded curtly. “I heard. Everyone heard. I suppose that’s one of the downsides of being the Lord Ascendant’s daughter. Everyone knows everything about you, almost as soon as it happens.”
“Well, not everything,” she qualified wryly, “but enough. After we threaded the baby’s remains… I just stopped doing anything. I couldn’t bring myself to eat, or sleep. I spoke to no one, not even the Clarion. Life didn’t matter anymore. How could it?”
As she described it, the dreamscape around them changed. Suddenly they were there at the threading ceremony. Hazra was dressed in black, weeping, and the Clarion was behind her, holding her shoulders tightly.
She focused on his face again, and her voice gained urgency. “You know what kind of pressure we live under, Arico! If we don’t produce children, if we don’t further the line, we’re useless! At least you men can get into a duel and die with honor or some nonsense like that, but what option do we have?”
Arico winced in sympathy. He also couldn’t father children—though he was keeping that to himself for now. As he thought about it, the scene started to change again—to the home he’d shared with Nouma. He hurriedly stopped it though, and they were again at the threading ceremony. This was about her, not him.
She was completely correct. A barren woman had very little place in Sustained society. If only she’d been the sibling who’d been raised a stra’tchi. She could have taken in someone from the Rejoining. At least been able to care for a child, even if it wasn’t her own! He’d had that impulse himself, and might have even acted on it, if not for the movement.
“After that, my whole life seemed completely pointless. Not even my reputation as Heartbane was enough to keep me going. I didn’t want to be a burden on my family, or on the Clarion. He was already sworn to our family, so he would be protected no matter what happened to me.” Hazra looked out the window, to the south. They couldn’t see it from here, but the city wall was about twenty leagues away, with towers lining it. “I navigated my way to the tallest tower down there. I used to go there when I was a child, just to take in the view.” Again the scene changed. This time they were standing atop the tallest tower on the south wall.
“I do the same, from time to time,” Arico put in, feeling the familiarity of this place. It was in fact the same tower he’d taken Jaas to, just after her arrival. The view had allowed him to not just explain the city to her, but to show her.
Hazra smiled at him. “Somehow I knew you would understand. I wonder…” she trailed off briefly, her gaze suddenly more evaluative than reflective. “If this is a shared dream—if we’re both in this same shared sha’haln experience together, then maybe I can do this!” She grabbed his head in both her hands, gripping his skull tightly.
Arico wasn’t exactly sure what she was trying to do at first. Then his back arched and he let out a shuddering gasp within the dream. It felt as if someone had poured ice-cold Waters down his body, from his head down to his toes!
Suddenly he was no longer just standing there with his sister, overlooking the city. He was her. He was the one still weeping from a loss, so recent and raw! He was the one crouched on the edge of the tower, looking down and feeling sick with loss and despair. What point was there in continuing this farce of a life? The Clarion had been encouraging and supportive. “We will try again, that’s all,” he’d said, in that damn soft voice of his.
But there could be no justification. Arico knew that the next time would be no different. That it could only bring more suffering into their lives. Straightening up, he closed his tear-stained eyes. His breathing slowed, and his mind calmed. This was the right thing to do: he was sure of it. Not just for himself, but for the Clarion, too.
Without any hesitation, Arico stepped forward off the tower.
Again, the feeling of ice-cold Waters flowed past him, and he was himself again. Hazra let go of him at the same moment, her eyes tearing up all over again. “What was that?” He demanded, taking a step away from her. “What did you just do?”
“Did it work?” She asked quickly. After a moment, Hazra smiled. “Good. I wasn’t sure it would. I heard stories when I was a child, about people using the sha’haln for more than just dreams. I figured, if we were twins, we could connect in a deeper way than just talking.” She was silent for a moment, and knelt down on the tower’s edge, looking down. “In the sha’haln we can become each other, if we wish. I showed you who I was, and what I was feeling when I tried to kill myself.”
It had felt so real! He could still taste the bile in his mouth, from when she’d thrown up after losing the baby. He could still feel his heart pounding against his chest from when she’d been standing on the tower’s edge!
But he didn’t get much of a chance to process those feelings before his own memories intruded again. Unbidden, an image flashed through Arico’s mind. His hands, stained with green poison, slowly killing him. A crowd below, looking up at him. A jump he’d taken off of the tower. Just before- “You navigated into the threads in midair, didn’t you?” He said suddenly.
Her eyes widened a bit. “Yes. That’s it, exactly. I had no idea how it happened, or why. Suddenly I was just inside the threads! I remember feeling despair, at the top of that tower. A fear of death on my way down. But at the end there, just before I hit, I was…” She trailed off, her thoughts apparently lost in the past.
“Angry.” Arico whispered. The ‘forced’ memories she’d made him experience were making more sense now. After all, what could be more basic to human beings, than just wanting to be understood? It had been a violation, to be sure, especially since she’d done it without any warning. Thankfully, he now knew why she’d done it, and he could sympathize with that.
Again, she focused on him. “You understand,” she exclaimed with a smile. “Yes, I was angry. Not just at myself for failing my father and my consort. I was angry at my child for dying. I was angry at the Clarion for being so calm, and not for yelling at me in rage and grief, as I knew he wanted to. Angry at the Sustained for having such requirements. Angry at Aquun herself for letting the Shemra torture me so!”
“It’s exactly how I felt, too,” Arico said softly. “Just when you shot at me. That was the first time I’d ever jumped. And then later on, I jumped in my sleep, possibly because I was angry in my dreams!”
“I knew you were lying!” She accused him, though her tone was light. In the blink of an eye, they were back in the cabin again, sitting across from each other at the table. “When you said you could vanish whenever you wanted to! You had no idea if you could jump away or not, did you?”
Arico shook his head. “I am sorry about that, but I had to find some way of reaching out to you. Like it or not, you can be damn scary when you want to be! Besides,” he added quickly. “It’s true now though, isn’t it? Apparently we both can vanish from anywhere in the city, whenever we want.”
“That’s just the tip of the spear, brother,” she said, and suddenly they were back in Yeggin patch, at the ruins next to the threads. The real Yeggin patch where she’d tried to kill him, not the mock-up Jaas had built.
“You may have been practicing for a few weeks now,” she said with a mischievous smile, “but I’ve been doing this for more than a year! Come on, I’ve got a lot to show you!”
-.-
Chapter 50
Distant voices slowly became clearer. Arico tried to recognize them, but that recognition flitted away like an insect over the Waters. He was waking up, but it wasn’t like normal. This was a drugged sleep, so waking up was more a matter of will and determination than usual. With effort, he opened his eyes.
He was back in the keep underneath the Enclave. In one of the recovery rooms on the east side, apparently. The Hauld and Chanul were at the door, talking quietly, but he couldn’t quite make out what they were saying.
Arico sat up slowly, and then pulled his arms from beneath the covers. His hands—or rather, his stumps—had been expertly bandaged. He didn’t feel any pain now, but he also could remember those moments just after returning to the Enclave. Blood spurting from his wrists as soon as he’d left the threads. Endu hurriedly tying his wrists as tightly as she could, trying to stem the flow. Searing pain from hands which were… no longer there. Even now he could still feel them. His right hand itched, just between his middle and index finger, but he couldn’t scratch it.
“Arico, lad!” The Hauld said suddenly, and he and his son stepped inside. “Dinnae move too fast, lad,” he ordered as Arico propped himself up on his elbows. “Ye need time, ‘r so the healers said.”
Arico suddenly realized he was thirsty. There was a clay pitcher of water on the small table next to his bed, with an empty glass. He reached for it before remembering.
Chanul immediately stepped up next to the bed. “Let me.” He filled the glass, and then slowly raised it to Arico’s lips. To his credit, not a single drop spilled. Chanul had steady hands and a keen insight. He’d have made a good nurse, if he wasn’t destined to rule the Enclave in his father’s place.
Arico swallowed and nodded. “Thanks.” He looked back to the Hauld. “Sir. What happened? Did any of the poison reach the Waters? Was anyone hurt? Did you manage to get enough Waters stored away before any of that happened?”
He was babbling, he knew. It was just noise to fill the space and cover the awkwardness of the moment. The Hauld nodded understandingly, though. “The’re been some tales o’people getting’ sick near tha’ Waters, lad. Some o’ tha poison got in, a’ least. No signs o’ anyone dyin tho, here or elsewhere. If Jaas’ an tha’ woman Velya’re right, then ye did it, lad. Ye saved tha whole city!”
With a breath of relief, Arico leaned back on the bedframe. Even at the price he’d paid. “Worth it,” he said with a smile.
Another dwarf appeared at the door, and coughed respectfully. “Hauld.”
The Hauld grunted in irritation. He put a hand on Arico’s shoulder. “I’ll be righ’ back, lad.”
Arico couldn’t help but give a snort of derision, and raised his stumps again. “Take your time, sir. I’m of no use to anyone like this.”
The Hauld hesitated, his face blank for a moment. He glanced at Chanul. “Tell ‘im,” he ordered, and then swept out of the room.
“Tell me what?” Arico asked suspiciously. “How long have I been out?”
“More than a day,” Chanul said, taking a seat at the foot of the bed. It creaked under the extra weight. For all their limited stature, dwarves usually weighed as much if not more than full-grown men. “Endu wanted to make sure the tourniquets held, so she had to keep you in a drugged sleep.”
Surprisingly, he gave a small smile as he continued. “Word is already spreading like wildfire, Arico. Sustained patches all over the city are repeating what happened in Krellik patch! Boss Ta’anu and two of his people died on top of that tower,” he said a little sadly. “Apparently after you and Velya and Jaas took them down, they got splashed by the poison. They never woke up, so at least there’s that.”
“I didn’t even think to look for them,” Arico whispered to himself. “I just… left.”
“There was nothing you could do for them,” Chanul said firmly. “From what Alzhi heard, most of their bodies were covered with nethrit. They were doomed from the moment they tried to kill everyone. But that’s not what my father meant. Word is spreading through the whole city about what you did! They don’t know why Ta’anu was trying to kill them, or they still believe that Tellek patch was hit by the Blood Fever, but everyone is talking about how you stopped him. How you magically got rid of the poison before it could harm them!”
“Everyone?” Arico still felt more than a little suspicious of that. “How do you know?”
Chanul chuckled. “Alzhi was on duty in the Sevvas barracks when word filtered through. In virtually every Sustained patch where we have eyes and ears, they’re all hearing the same message. I don’t know how the truth made it through so clearly, in so many places all at the same time, but so far the stories have all matched what really happened!”
Arico leaned back against the pillow as Chanul continued his explanation. He had a suspicion how word had gotten out, but he kept it to himself for now. There would be no point in making accusations yet. He opened his mouth to explain, but then Jaas appeared at the doorway as well. She took one look at him, and burst into tears.
All thoughts of the tactical situation fled from Arico’s mind. “Hey,” he said reassuringly, and tried to get out of bed to go over there.
Chanul held him down easily, though. “Healer’s orders,” he said with a twist to his lips. “You stay put, you hear?” Arico nodded a bit glumly, and Chanul stood up again. He gave a nod of deference to Jaas, and then left them alone.
Jaas was still in tears as she took his place. “Your poor hands,” she said, her words slightly mangled.
“Hey, hey,” Arico continued, reaching up and wrapping his arms around her. “I’m fine, you hear? This is nothing. Besides, I’m used to dealing with hardship. When I was six I broke my wrist, and was in splints for more than a month. I will be just fine. Trust me.”
“If I hadn’t brought Velya to you though, none of this would have happened! It’s my fault!”
Arico snorted. “If you hadn’t brought Velya, most of the city would be dead or dying by now. You did the right thing; you have to believe that. And remember, I was there! I saw you pull out that gun and start shooting. You fought, Jaas! You were brave on top of that wall. Don’t blame yourself for me getting hurt. We all knew the risks of getting anywhere near that stuff, didn’t we?”
Sniffling, Jaas nodded and wiped at her eyes. She examined his stumps one after the other. “Are you in pain?”
“Not at all,” he lied. In fact his wrists were starting to hurt again, if slowly. “Endu gave me a tonic for the pain as soon as I woke up. She’s got some pretty powerful concoctions in that lab of hers. But then you know all about that, don’t you?” He teased her, remembering that vial she’d threatened to use against him.
“I know,” she answered humorlessly. “I was there when she knocked you out. Or rather, kept you out. You were pretty weak from blood loss.”
“I still am,” he grumbled. “Chanul shouldn’t have been able to hold me down like that. Don’t worry about it, though. I’ll be up and about in no time, you’ll see.”
Jaas shook her head. “I still don’t understand how you did it, though. How could you cut both of your hands off so cleanly and quickly?”
“I used the threads to do it,” Arico explained. “If a body part is outside of the threads and the navigator chooses to go to another patch, that body part is left behind. Navigators have been using the threads for amputations for years now. Still, if Endu hadn’t been here waiting for me I probably would have bled to death as soon as I left the threads.”
“There’s some magic in the Outside world,” Jaas said hesitantly, still focused on his wrists. “I don’t know how to do it myself, but I know people who can. They could regenerate your hands completely. You’d be whole again! All I have to do is figure out a way to get you out of this damnable city first!”
There was actually hope on that front. A project that he, Endu, and Jaas’ friend from the Outside, Lem, had been working on for a while now. He wasn’t about to tell Jaas, though. Not until he was sure it would work.
“Hey. Look at me, Jaas.” He waited until she did finally meet his gaze. “I’m fine, d’you hear me? I don’t need hands to talk to stra’tchi patches, or to use the new abilities you helped me develop. All I need to pull on the threads is skin, and I still have plenty of that.” He hesitated for a moment. In all the bustle, he’d forgotten about his sha’haln meeting with his sister for a while. Their exchange of information had been cut short—most likely because she had woken up from her nap, but it was still encouraging. They could continue tomorrow, or the day after.
“I was never a very good swordsman, so there’s no great loss there,” he went on conversationally, “and my hands were never all that steady, as you know. So all in all, it’s not that bad.” He held her head between his arms. “Maybe someday I will get my hands back, thanks to some trick or other from the Outside, but for now at least, I am content. You should be too.”
After a few moments, she nodded and then sniffled a bit more. “How can you be so calm about this? Why aren’t you yelling and cursing the gods—or Aquun—in anger?”
“Well, I’d like to say it’s because of my calm and level personality, but I think it has more to do with the herbs they gave me,” he said with a smile. “Besides,” he added, “there’s a pretty big upside to all of this, isn’t there?”
Jaas gave him a puzzled look.
“At least now you can’t make me write any more of those ridiculous notes for your bosses Outside.”
That at least got a slight smile from her. “Hey, those notes are helpful,” she reminded him, drying her eyes. “Don’t think you’re off the hook on those either, by the way,” she continued. “You’ll dictate, and I will write.”
-.-
It had been more than an hour, with Jaas talking softy nearly the whole time. She’d mostly just been filling the empty spaces in conversation, when Arico was obviously overcome with his new circumstances. Eventually he’d dropped off. Jaas wasn’t sure if that was because of Endu’s medication or her own, hopefully dulcet, tones. She rose quietly, blew out all but one of the candles near his bed, and closed the recovery room door behind her.
To her surprise, Velya was approaching as she left the room, flanked by a pair of dwarven guards. She had vanished just after dropping Jaas off at the Enclave, most likely to meet with the other Thornes.
If there were any other Thornes left, that was. They would have tried to stop this mad plan of Ta’anu’s, which probably meant he’d wiped them out first, just to be sure. Jaas had inquired, but Velya hadn’t said anything definitive.
Velya glanced at the guards with a frustrated look on her face. “I helped save the entire city, Enclave included. You’d think the Hauld would show a little more trust!”
“Give it time, Velya,” Jaas said diplomatically. The dwarves glanced at each other, but were otherwise expressionless. “You may not be a Sustained exactly, but you’re not quite a Fishbowler either. Let them get used to the idea of humans who aren’t on one side or the other.”
“I suppose,” Velya shrugged uncomfortably. She glanced at the recovery room. “Is he-”
“Arico’s asleep, and he’ll stay that way.” Jaas cut her off in a firm voice. The last thing Arico needed right now was to be woken up with whatever news Velya was bringing.
Actually, Jaas was surprised Velya had been let back into the Enclave at all. Her last appearance had been an emergency, and Arico had vouched for her, however reluctantly. The Hauld must be getting soft on outsiders. But then, she wasn’t exaggerating in her claims. She had helped save them all. Jaas supposed that would have bought her a little goodwill.
On that very topic… “Arico had a few interesting observations before he nodded off,” Jaas said conversationally, gesturing up the tunnel. Velya fell in step with her, and the dwarves kept pace behind them. Jaas led them out into an anteroom, where there were places to sit with at least some privacy for their conversation. The guards would undoubtedly tell the Hauld everything they said, but out here they could at least pretend to be alone.
“We just got an update from our sources in several Sustained patches,” Jaas said after they’d taken a seat. “It’s very strange, but for some reason all the rumors they’re hearing are true! They seem to know that Ta’anu was planning a mass poisoning, and that Arico stopped him. You wouldn’t know anything about that, would you?”
“I’ve been hearing the same rumors,” Velya said evasively, but it was clear Jaas had hit on something here. Or rather, Arico had. It had been his theory first.
“The Council and the Lord Ascendant took control of the scene immediately, from what I’ve heard,” Jaas continued, thinking aloud. “They would want to control the story, to make it into some kind of victory for the Sustained, or at least a defeat for us so-called ‘rebels’. The only way the truth could get out from under their net of lies would be if someone else was spreading it. And these rumors went far and fast, much faster than normal. It’s almost as if another group of people—people who want the Council gone as much as we do—has been helping spread the story!”
“What an amazing supposition,” Velya said with just a hint of a smirk. “I’ll give it further thought, of course.”
Jaas smiled in response. It wasn’t much of a confirmation, but it was enough. The Thornes had survived Ta’anu’s treachery. It seemed their means of retaliation was to spread the story to as many Sustained as possible, and to make sure it was the truth.
“Arico got me thinking, though,” Jaas continued. “Back there in Krellik patch, we were at least half a league away from the Retreat you told us about. Even if the Sustained revelers heard my gunshots, it would have taken them ten minutes, minimum, to get close enough to see the tower. Yet there were at least a dozen of them there, mere moments after the tower broke open! What were they doing there, I wonder?”
Velya shrugged. “There aren’t any rules keeping the revelers from leaving the Retreat in Krellik. They often go for walks around the patch. It’s a Retreat, not a prison. Those onlookers must have just been out enjoying the view.”
“So many, though? I could believe one or two, but not that many people at once. No, you warned them, Velya. You were the only person who knew where it would all go down. You may not have known exactly what would happen, but you told them that something would happen, and where to be to see it. You wanted an audience, didn’t you?”
Velya just gave her a long, evaluating glance at first. Then she sighed. “I won’t deny that having people there helped the Thornes. The more people who can see what the Council is, and what they’ve done, the better it is for us. But by the same token, you can’t deny that it’s good for your movement either!” Her eyebrows furrowed as she looked away for a second. “I will miss Ta’anu, despite what he tried to do, but having people witness his actions—and how he was stopped—was much more valuable to both our organizations than us just taking care of it in secret!”
“Why didn’t you tell us, then?” Jaas exclaimed quietly. “It’s not like we would have objected!”
Velya shook her head. “I had very little time, and I didn’t know when Ta’anu’s plan would take place, or even precisely what that plan was. I also didn’t know that Arico would be hurt! I tipped off a few of the revelers in Krellik patch, and then went straight to the Enclave to warn you and Arico. If I’d told you then and there, it would have been a distraction. Maybe not to Arico, but definitely to you.”
In retrospect, Jaas had to admit she had a point. She’d always been nervous around crowds. She had been getting better when it came to using the matchlock gun provided by the dwarves, but she was no sharpshooter.
Not like Velya, anyway. “Where did you learn to shoot like that, anyway?” She inquired, still impressed. “You had one crossbow with what, four or five rounds—each tipped with that sedative. You took three shots in a row, and hit each time! The only one you didn’t take out was behind the tower and out of sight. Ta’anu was barely out from behind it, for a split-second, and you still took him down. You’re good!”
Velya nodded in recognition of the compliment. “The Deathwatchers don’t train much with guns, but we have an aggressive bow and crossbow training program. It makes sense, given how most of us end up being all-purpose Bonded guards for the Sustained Houses. I may have been born as a Thorne, but I had to learn how to fight like a Deathwatcher, so I could fit in.”
She looked out the anteroom’s east doorway, to the lightening sky beyond. “Speaking of, I’d better get back there. Bloodeye may not notice if I’m missing for a few hours, but there are definitely other Deathwatchers who will.”
She turned to leave, and then paused. Surprisingly, she quickly embraced Jaas. “Thank you, Harbinger, for convincing Arico to help. I have no doubt he would have refused if you hadn’t vouched for us.” Another moment and she was already walking out towards the nearest tunnel leading to the threads. The dwarves seemed just as taken aback, and scurried to catch up.
-.-
“There ya go, lad,” the smith, a particularly hirsute dwarf named Yenetash said, with a grunt. Just as he finished equipping Arico with… a new right hand.
It had only been two days since he’d come back from Krellik patch, and even with the high caliber of the Enclave’s metalworkers, this was impressive work considering the short time. Though he supposed they had made similar fake limbs—or prosthetics as they were called in Sustained territory—to this one in the past. That at least would have provided them a template.
Arico rotated his wrist, observing the new metal hand on the end of it. He didn’t feel any different, of course. Although the hand itself was lighter than he would have guessed. He pressed the fingers against the table aside his bed, and they moved with the pressure.
“Ah, y’see, tha fingers’ll stay put where ye press ‘em,” Yenetash continued animatedly. “If’n ye wanna keep ‘em where they are, jus’ press down on tha metal pad on tha back o’ yer hand there. That’ll lock ‘em in place. If ya need ta move ‘em again, jus’ press tha pad again.”
Bemused, Arico tested out the functionality. Sure enough, the fingers locked in place when he pushed the pad down. He pressed harder against the table, trying to see just how much movement he could pry out of a locked hand. Not much, apparently.
This was pretty good, actually. It’d never be a match for his old one, but with practice he might eventually be able to hold a cup, or even possibly an inkpen someday. Though his handwriting would no doubt be unreadable at first. Still, that could wait for another day. “How durable is it?” He inquired softly, compressing the fingers into a fist and locking them that way.
Yenetash hesitated. “I wouldn’a wanna get inta any fis’fights, Arico,” he warned. “Na with tha’ hand. Besides, I gotcha covered here.” He pulled a cloth off of the rest of the tray he’d brought in.
Chanul was in the doorway, and suddenly chuckled. “Sheesh, Arico,” he said lightly. “You’re gonna need a specially designed pack just to sort through all your hands. On the upside, if you wear gloves, people might not even notice!”
He wasn’t exaggerating. In addition to a left hand of the same design as the one he was currently wearing, there was a sword-hand he would have to practice with, several smaller and more simplistic claw-hands, graspers and… he couldn’t identify the last one.
Yenetash noticed his interest though. “This one’s special, lad. Ye know tha chemists downstairs’ve been experimentin’ with sparkpowder, righ’? Well, they’ve made a new flametongue. One tha’ can fire mor’n one bullet withou’ reloadin’. Tha Hauld gave me permission ta put one on yer hand.” At Arico’s nod, he detached his current hand and replaced it with this strange gunhand.
It was much heavier, understandably. Now that he was wearing it, he could see the muzzle and chamber where the bullet(s) were apparently loaded. But how they could fire more than one was a mystery to him.
Yenetash demonstrated for him, though there were no bullets or sparkpowder in it for now. “Jus’ press there, lad,” he pointed to another metal plate on the heel of his prosthetic. Curious, Arico did so and the chamber itself moved! It… spun like a wheel, just a bit.
With a widening smile, Arico did it again, and again. Each time the chamber moved a little more, enough to move another bullet into position! “Well, isn’t that handy?”
Both Yenetash and Chanul gave him wry glances. “I work’d hard on this, lad. Ye could show a litt’l gratitude.”
“I know. I am grateful, and sorry about the bad joke,” Arico said sincerely. “I just don’t know how useful it’ll be for me. My aim will be terrible.”
Surprisingly, Yenetash smiled in turn. “Ah, but ye can always aim along yer arm, no? I made tha hand tha’ way on purpose.”
Arico swung his legs out of bed and started standing up to test the idea. Yenetash and Chanul both made moves to stop him, but he just gave them a stern look. “What? Do you think a little more rest will grow my hands back?”
After a shared glance, they both relented and Arico stood up. He ‘pointed’ his arm at the doorway, at Chanul. He held the gunhand steady and pressed the plate with his left wrist. Chanul raised his hands in mock surrender. “Not bad,” Arico said in a slightly more respectful tone. “Thank you, Yenetash. I’ll try these out on my own time.”
Yenetash bowed. “Jus’ go easy on ‘em, lad. I’ll make backups in time, but fer now the’re tha only ones around.” With a respectful nod to Chanul, he left the room quietly.
Chanul looked over the others with interest, tapping his finger on one, and then lifting the adaptable finger-hand and pointing with it. He shook his head. “Sometimes I think I missed my calling, Arico. I should have been a smith. Even Codi Farrier would have a hard time making something like this!”
As he tried the plate-wheel gun again, Arico grunted. “Well, tell your father you want to open a smithy, then. There’s no real need for you to take over running the Enclave for him. He can just… live forever.”
That elicited at least a chuckle from Chanul. “Sometimes I think he will, you know. He’s been this unstoppable force ever since I can remember, and time has done very little to diminish that.”
That was a sobering thought, at least for Arico. Chanul only saw the best in his father, as any son would. Arico could relate—after all, the Hauld had practically raised him as well, alongside Durhu. But the Hauld was by no means perfect, as evidenced by his most recent written request. It was there on the table by his bed, and almost simultaneously, both he and Chanul glanced at it. It seemed great minds did indeed think alike.
“I think you should consider it,” Chanul said, with a not-quite-teasing tone in his voice.
“I am not getting a damn attendant, Chanul!” Arico said fiercely. “It would go against everything I’m trying to be here!”
Chanul sat down next to him, seriously. “All right, explain it then.”
Arico sighed. “Having some… servant following me around would undermine me in front of the stra’tchi patches we visit. It’s the kind of thing a Sustained Lord would do!”
“You are a Sustained Lord, Arico. At least by blood, anyway.”
“That’s not my fault, and you know it. I can’t be anything like them. Not if I want to reach out to any more stra’tchi, or keep favor with the ones I’ve already met!”
“I understand, I really do,” Chanul said, and he sounded like he meant it. “I’m not talking about parading a chained slave around in front of them. We could find someone discreet. You just need an assistant to help you-”
“Help me do what, exactly? Wipe my ass?” Arico responded heatedly.
There was an uncomfortable silence.
“Frankly, yes,” Chanul said bluntly. “You have no hands, Arico. As good as we are, we can't remake flesh! You must face that you have a disability, like it or not. I mean can you even open a door alone? Or put on one of those metal hands? How about shaving? Are you comfortable holding a razor next to your throat with two stumps instead of hands?” Arico was taken aback. Chanul was like a brother to him, so he supposed this confrontational tone made sense. He’d just never spoken this way before.
Ever since he’d first come to Tellek patch, Arico had always been independent. As a farm kid, he’d been doing important chores almost as soon as he could walk and talk. Add in Durhu’s deafness, and it had been all the more necessary for him to interact with the villagers for his father as well. He’d trained with the others, under Otrul’s stern eye, but he’d always strived to be better than his fellow dwarven trainees. To be able to do whatever task he was given alone, if necessary.
It wasn’t that he liked being alone. It was more that he liked that he could be, if there was no other option. Even with Nouma he’d always had one hand on the doorknob, just waiting for the day he would have to leave and be alone again. One part of his mind had always been separate and independent. Now that wasn’t an option anymore. Chanul was right. He’d recovered enough to get out of bed, but even opening a closed door was a challenge to Arico these days.
“All right,” he finally responded, and Chanul let out an audible breath, “but it’ll have to be someone smart, you hear? I won’t be… waited on… by some simpleton. I want someone who I can talk to, and who won’t hesitate to talk back.”
“I’m sure we can find someone suitable, Arico,” Chanul said soothingly. “As it happens, I have a list of names you might want to look over.” He pulled out a parchment and flattened it on the table.
Arico gave him another angry glance, but this one was more reflexive than upset. Of course he’d thought ahead. Chanul may be young by dwarf standards, but he was pretty bright. Shaking his head, Arico turned his attention to the list.
-.-
Chapter 51
So as it turned out, there were stra’tchi patches out there that weren’t dedicated solely to farming. The one they were headed off to, Lellanis patch, had a massive collection of trees constantly growing, packed into the center of the patch. Their houses were built between them, and from what Nemith had said, were actually more like tents than true buildings. They’d have to be, if their livelihood depended on keeping the trees healthy. Roots could do some nasty things to house foundations.
It made sense, Jaas supposed. Farming was the most important industry by far, but it wasn’t the only one. The city also needed woodcutters, leatherworkers, and metalworkers (though the dwarves certainly had cornered that market).
Jaas was waiting inside the tunnel for the others to show up. She was, despite the circumstances, actually a little excited. The metalworkers down below had finally completed their adjustments to the Stamp last week! That meant that the list she’d given them—the list of names of people who’d lived here before the Threading—was already being copied, again and again. She was carrying one such copy right now.
Others had already been passed out to many stra’tchi patches. Coupled with the constant reading lessons she’d given to many of those people, and the fact that they were now teaching each other how to read, it truly felt like the Council’s death knell was finally sounding. How could they possibly keep these people underfoot, now that knowledge and understanding were spreading through the city?
A light shone from up the tunnel and Jaas turned to see Arico. She gaped at him at first. He was holding a torch in his left hand!
He smiled at her confusion and quietly explained the situation as they waited for the others. He showed her his new mechanical hands and demonstrated them. With gloves on, she hadn’t even been able to tell the difference! They looked perfectly real.
Once it was explained, Jaas could see how they worked. Over the last few months she’d gained a fair understanding of the engineering the dwarves used here in Patchwork, but even so, she couldn’t help but smile at how some of her colleagues back at the Academy would react. These hands, produced by a culture without access to magic, would seem wondrous to them—possibly even miraculous!
One of the dwarven guards showed up next, but not to join them. “Your trip has been canceled, sir,” he said respectfully to Arico. Like Chanul, he spoke unaccented Vasrah. He must have been young enough to have been raised alongside the Fishbowlers. “The Hauld and his son want to see you, immediately.” Jaas shared a confused look with Arico, and then they both shrugged and started back up the tunnel.
The Hauld and Chanul were waiting for them in one of their council rooms on the upper level. Strangely there were no guards present, and Chanul shut the door behind them securely. “Sorry to haul you back here like this. I know you were looking forward to getting back into the field and reaching out to more stra’tchi, but trust me, this can’t wait,” he said with a grim smile.
He moved over to the table at the center of the room and spread out a parchment. It was a map, of a patch Jaas wasn’t familiar with. Sustained, by the look of it. “This morning Alzhi sent us a tip via one of our loyalists. He wanted us to take a closer look at this block ,” he pointed to a few buildings on the northeast side of the patch, “within Raggas patch. His message was pretty vague, but it was exactly what we’ve been looking for.” Arico’s shoulders stiffened, and he looked down at the map in greater excitement.
“Lor’ Tanner an’ ‘is two aides been seen goin’ in an’ out o’ there, jus’ this mornin’,” the Hauld put in, “an’ Weaver an’ Mason las’ night! Our people’ve seen mor’n a dozen Ascendan’s guardin’ tha perimeter. This may be it, lad!”
“May be what?” Jaas asked, still wondering what all this was about. “Hauld? What’s going on?”
Arico tapped on the same portion of the map with a metal knuckle. “We know that Berilo runs the city’s political matters from Sevvas patch, from his seat of power within the Spire. But we’ve long suspected that he also has a secret headquarters somewhere in the city. A place where he keeps the information too sensitive to share with the rest of the Sustained. If we’re right, only the Council itself and a few key personnel know the location. It’s probably where the Beast attacks were planned and dispatched, and the poisoning of Tellek patch too.” He paused, loking thoughtful. “As well as most likely the attack on Endu and me in Atsekka. Everything they don’t want done in the light of day is done there. This might actually be the place.” He looked up at Chanul again. “How much confirmation do we have on this, though?”
Chanul grinned. “A great deal. We started watching the place yesterday. Based on the people we’ve seen in the area, if it’s not some kind of secret base, then it’s got to be the most popular high-end brothel that’s ever existed.”
Arico rolled his eyes at that. “All right. Sounds like it’s worth a look. What do you think—standard team of five, sneaking in after nightfall? We won’t have Alzhi, unfortunately. He’s still undercover at the Spire, last I heard. Even so, I can get a group together within the hour.”
Chanul and the Hauld shared a concerned glance, which Arico definitely noticed. “Look, I may not be as good a fighter as I used to be,” he gave a rueful chuckle. “As if I ever was. But I’m still a competent commander, and it’s important that the Fishbowlers and dwarves see that I’m still alive and kicking. We can’t have them thinking I’m some kind of invalid now,” he grunted, looking down at his metal hands. “Even if it’s true.”
“I’ll go too,” Jaas said on impulse. “I’ve built up a reputation in Sustained territory by now, and having the Harbinger along might be useful if we run into any resistance.”
The Hauld shook his head. “Nay, lass. Arico’s righ’: people need ta see ‘im back in tha figh’, but it’ll be too risky fer you ta be there. Ye’re not exactly a fighter, either.”
“If you’re right about this place, you may need me!” Jaas protested. “Some of the Councilors are known for writing in older dialects of Vasrah—dialects your dwarves may understand, but none of your human supporters would. I’m the only person you have who can translate them!” She paused. “Unless you’re willing to break the Pact and send dwarves in there.”
There was a moment of silence as the dwarves considered what she said. Arico gave her a slight smile. He’d expressed concerns, early on, that she might never fully fit in with the dwarves. Apparently she’d proven him wrong, and he looked pleased about it.
“You’re right, we obviously can’t send any of our own people in there,” Chanul conceded, “but any information they find can be brought back here for translation. If we’re lucky, we’ll find a copy of the real Registry in there. That would really be the silver bullet to the Council’s heart, wouldn’t it?”
“The real Registry?” Jaas echoed. “I thought everyone could see the official Registry in Penntu patch. It’s guarded behind glass, but available to anyone who goes there.”
Chanul shook his head. “That one’s fake… or at least incomplete. Ever since we found out what happened to Alzhi and Endu’s daughter, we’ve been looking for evidence of more murders. It’s harder without Tenlor to interrogate, but if there is proof… if there is a Registry that actually includes the names of those murdered children instead of ignoring them, it’ll be there. If we get ahold of it, Stamp it a few hundred times, and release it to the stra’tchi and Sustained patches, it’ll show everyone just what kind of monsters the Councilors really are!”
Arico caught her gaze. “He’s right, Jaas. Bringing you along is too great a risk. Besides, if we get caught in there, I can just jump us out. If a stray shot gets you though, it’ll be a huge blow to both the movement and the stra’tchi who you’ve been helping. And if they capture you, it’d be even worse.”
“What if one stray shot gets you? How screwed are your people then, Arico?”
“He won’t be the only navigator in there,” Chanul said. “Nemith, at least, will be available to join them. They’re all soldiers; they know the risks.”
Jaas let out a noise of frustration. Men. After all she’d done for the movement, they still insisted on treating her like she was made of glass! Even Arico, for all his decent upbringing and considerate manner, even with his recent injury, was still being overprotective. Well, it wasn’t as though she didn’t have other things to do. Jaas left them to their planning and headed back to the Fishbowl.
-.-
Raggas patch was home to House Clark—formerly known as Clerk. In fact the current Clarion had been born here, at about the same time Arico and Hazra had come into this world. Not that he would remember anything about Raggas—he’d been cloistered and sent off to training at an extremely young age.
It was a Sustained patch, if only barely so. House Clark was one of the least known Sustained families, with little to no influence on the city’s politics. Raggas patch was also out of the way, too far west to be on the Waters themselves. It had barely been touched in the last two Tumults to sweep through the area. If there was a secret Sustained base here, they’d chosen the location excellently. Pretty much nobody ever gave this place a second glance, if they even gave it a first.
Arico, Nemith, and three other Fishbowlers named Kerik, Taen and Banos clustered together on the edge of the patch, just outside of the observable Ascendant perimeter. They kept out of sight of course, relying on the information given them by the dwarves watching from the threads.
He’d wanted to bring Sabra along, but hadn’t been surprised when the Hauld refused. Stealth wasn’t one of Sabra’s gifts, not here in unfamiliar territory. He could hide easily enough back home in the Deathwatch patch, but that was because he knew that place better than the back of his own gnarled hand.
Nemith himself had been a soldier for one of the Sustained families back in the day. He could handle himself in a fight, and he’d helped train the other three. Even with Arico’s disability, they should be alright.
There. The patrol had just passed. Keeping their swords sheathed to hide any glint off of them, the five hurried past the sentry line into the warehouse area that this had once been. Fortunately this New Day’s night had plenty of cloud cover—they were having no trouble blending in with the darkness.
The warehouses had apparently been abandoned since the Threading itself, which was an impression the Council seemed very eager to maintain. Which was good for Arico. If they’d been able to fortify this area without drawing attention, Arico and the others would never have gotten close without it turning into a firefight. As it was, they were able to neutralize two of the Ascendants watching the place and slip in through the gap.
Nonlethally neutralize, Arico insisted. Their enemy was the Council itself, not their puppets. The more bloodlessly this movement operated, the better their chances of winning over the Sustained in general. In retrospect, Arico was also grateful by now that Sabra had stayed behind. Lethal seemed to be his only speed.
It was strange, though. Based on observations done over the past few days, he would have expected this place to be much more heavily guarded. Aside from the Ascendants watching the perimeter though, it seemed that there was no one here.
Once they made it inside what looked like an empty building at the center of the guard ring, Arico ordered the others to spread out and start searching. There was no way they’d been guarding an empty warehouse.
Sure enough, Taen gestured them over to one of the corners. Several of the wooden planks on the floor showed signs of being disturbed recently, and with some combined effort they were able to pull up a concealed trapdoor. Beneath it, stone stairs descended in a circle.
Nemith took point, while Arico attached his weird… blade-hand with some help. He and Chanul had finally selected an attendant to help him out with tasks like this, but they’d left the young dwarf back at the Enclave. It was doubtful that a home servant would be much use out here anyway.
The downstairs section was well lit with torches spaced out periodically. They illuminated a hallway with two closed doors on each side. It must have taken a while for the Council to excavate this much area, especially if they were trying to keep it a secret. Nemith nodded at the others, and they moved up together, armed and ready for trouble. At least the entrance could be sealed and defended easily should they be attacked from above.
The two closest doors were actually unlocked. The first room looked like a larder/kitchen, and the second one contained bunks in a row. It made sense that this would double as a barracks: it wasn’t as though they could come and go very often without risking discovery.
Before they reached the last two doors, Nemith held up a hand for the others. After a second, Arico could hear it too. Sobbing noises, coming from the right. As they got closer, they could hear voices coming from the left side, as well. At Arico’s nod, Nemith signaled two of them to guard the right door, and then set up to move through the left. He grabbed the handle and then yanked it open just as the rest of them piled in. Arico was last, naturally. His skill in a fight was marginal at best.
Thankfully, it looked like this room wasn’t guarded either. There was a sizeable table covered with papers in the middle of the room, and a large map of the city on one wall, also covered with markers in various colors. Arico immediately recognized deployment areas where Beasts had been sent to cause chaos and destruction. There were two men as well, hands held up and faces noticeably pale. They were unarmed—probably assigned here to analyze the information brought in by the others.
“Tie them up and gag them,” Arico ordered softly. “If we have time, we’ll take them back with us. Meanwhile we should check out that last room.”
Kerik and Taen got to work on their bindings, and Nemith led the way to the last door. The sobbing had stopped, probably in response to the noise they’d made. At least no one had started shouting up for help, though. Arico was reasonably sure such noises wouldn’t be heard on the surface, but there was no way to be sure.
They followed the same procedure to burst in there as well, but it proved unnecessary. Unlike the others, this room wasn’t lit at all. When they grabbed a torch from one of the sconces outside and brought it in, all they could see was… a mostly empty torture room. As evidenced by the body hanging from the ceiling in chains.
This was brutal. Even Nemith, who’d seen his fair share of gore, looked grim. The body had been completely skinned, and the ground underneath was stained with blood. The skin itself had been piled in a corner. The poor man had apparently died during the skinning itself, based on the cuts on his wrists from where the manacles had dug into his flesh. His face was unrecognizable, but his mouth remained open in a rictus of agony. Other bloodstains around the room pointed to a long history of others facing similarly gruesome deaths.
A slight twitch of movement drew Arico’s eyes to a far corner of the room, where someone was apparently in chains. It wasn’t until he got closer that he recognized the poor man. “Codi!”
It was Codi Farrier, all right. He’d been beaten and whipped, and was secured to the wall with chains to his wrists and feet. He started sobbing again as Arico approached, and scrambled even further into the corner. He was covering his eyes too, apparently against the light from Banos’ torch, so Arico gestured him to back off. Or tried to, anyway. Banos got his meaning anyway, and stepped back a few paces.
“Codi, it’s me. It’s Arico. You’re all right, you hear me? You’re safe now.” Arico knelt next to him and tried to keep his voice low. The poor man was still bleeding from obvious lashes and bruises all over his shoulders and arms.
Codi didn’t respond at first, and Arico’s mind reeled. The last he’d heard, Codi was still in the Fishbowl! After Arico had told the Hauld what Jaas had experienced at Codi’s hand, they had arranged for a guard to be stationed outside his dwelling, for his ‘protection’. How in Aquun’s name had he ended up here of all places?
“We need to set him loose,” Arico finally said, more to the others than to Codi. “The key is probably in that other room. Go find it, would you?” He asked Banos, who nodded and set the torch down.
“You should go too,” he told Nemith. “It’d probably be better if I talked to him alone.”
Nemith hesitated. Like everyone else in the Fishbowl, he’d been warned about what Codi might do because of his delusions. “I know his reputation,” Arico said reassuringly. “Does he look dangerous right now? Go on. I’ll be all right.”
Reluctantly, Nemith left, and Arico turned back to the unfortunate prisoner. “How did you get here, Codi? When did they take you?”
Finally, he responded, mumbling something into his tattered shirt. Arico moved a little closer to make out what he was saying. “Alya. Where are you, Alya?” He kept repeating her name, over and over again.
Alya. His long-dead niece, who still kept him company in his mind. Grimacing, Arico reached out and put his left wrist to Codi’s shoulder. “Alya’s fine, Codi. She’s safe now. She’s, uh, back in the Fishbowl, safe and sound.”
“But I heard her!” Codi said urgently, finally focusing his gaze on Arico. “She was screaming! I heard her in the other room!”
Banos finally came back in with a keyring, and began trying them on Codi’s manacles. “Do you hear her now?” Arico asked gently, trying to keep Codi’s attention.
He shook his head slowly. “No. She stopped a while ago. They said they’d keep torturing her if I didn’t help them. Is she really safe?”
So that was it. Codi was a well-known blacksmith, in both the Enclave and Sustained territory. The Council had probably heard of his wrongness in the head, and used that to torture him for information. They must have had some woman scream in the other room, pretended it was his beloved niece, and coerced him that way.
“She is,” Arico said as calmly as he could. “She’s all right now.” Even so, he felt bile rising up in his gut. The poor man was already touched—hadn’t he been through enough already? Still, the Council didn’t care. They would use any means—and any person—to achieve their goals.
At least Codi didn’t know enough about the dwarves to harm them. His visits to the keep had been strictly supervised. He’d only had access to the forge on the top level itself, and then he’d been taken straight back to his dwelling in the Fishbowl.
The chains fell off with clanging noises on the stone floor. Gently, Arico extended his arm and helped Codi stand up. “Come on. We’ll get you home soon.” They took it slow all the same, though. He looked at the welts on Codi’s back as well. “They took you yesterday, right? I saw you before then.”
Codi nodded. “I got a work order from one of the Sustained nobles. I went to the keep’s entryway to meet them, but they grabbed me and took me into the threads before I knew what was happening! They must have grabbed Alya at the same time. They brought us straight here.”
“What did they want, though? Were they planning on putting you to work in the forges again?”
“They just wanted me to draw a map for them, that’s all.” Codi said, his own voice also thoughtful. “A map of the Fishbowl.”
That made no sense. The Fishbowl wasn’t critical to the dwarven defenses at all. Sure, a lot of people lived there, but the Sustained couldn’t mount any kind of attack that deep into dwarven territory without running into a ton of dwarves on the way. “Don’t worry, Codi. We’ll be safe back in the Fishbowl. Alzhi will warn us in plenty of time if they’re planning anything.”
Arico handed him off to Kerik, figuratively speaking, with orders to take him and the prisoners back to the surface. The papers in the ‘planning room’ had already been gathered up. With luck, they’d find a real Registry among them, or at least some information that would be useful. Still, as Kerik helped the poor man move away, Codi looked back at him for a moment. “What if he doesn’t, though? What if they took Alzhi, too?”
That stuck in Arico’s mind. As the others moved around, placing flammable liquid around the area—the plan had been to burn this place to the ground after all—Arico just stood there. Almost unwillingly, his eyes wandered back to the skinned man in the middle of the room. There was something about him that Arico couldn’t place. The body itself seemed… familiar.
With a sick feeling, Arico processed what he was hearing and seeing at the same time. The map of the Fishbowl, Codi’s concerns about an attack, the scar on the body’s right leg… “Shemra’s Blight!” He swore.
There was a pause, and Nemith came in. “What is it?”
Arico looked over at the others in horror. “This is Alzhi! This… was Alzhi, anyway.”
The others who’d just joined them fell silent. Nemith examined the torture victim’s face. “Are you sure? I can’t tell.”
“There, on his right leg.” Arico moved his arm in that direction. “Four years ago I was sparring with Alzhi and there was an accident. My sword cut him on the leg, deep. Down to the bone. Endu patched it up and he was fine eventually, but there’s no mistake. That’s definitely the scar I left. This is Alzhi!”
Silence inundated the room for a moment. “That poor bastard,” Banos said grimly.
“The map…” Nemith said slowly. “They must have gotten the keep’s entrance locations from him, just like they got the Fishbowl from Codi! They’re planning an attack on the Enclave!” Codi quietly started sobbing again behind them.
The Enclave had been at peace for over seventy years, ever since they’d traded sparkpowder to the Council in exchange for a patch on the Waters. Sure, every dwarf lived in fear of an eventual attack by an overwhelming number of Ascendants, but to Arico it had become almost like a background noise over the years. Even after the movement had started actively recruiting stra’tchi and Sustained alike to overthrow the Council, the idea of a full-on attack had seemed remote.
But still… all of this evidence pointed to an impending invasion. Codi’s abduction, the maps. Alzhi’s brutal murder would have removed one of the only obstacles left. Arico looked around quickly as another thought occurred to him. “Oh, no. Look at this place! Aside from the guards on the perimeter and those two clerks, there’s not a soul in the entire building. The only reason they’d leave this place so empty would be if they needed those soldiers somewhere else. If they are planning an attack… I think it’s already started!”
-.-
Chapter 52
Arico hadn’t waited. As soon as they’d packed up the parchments from the other room and set the fire to burn this place down, he’d insisted that they jump out as soon as possible. Nemith and the others had grabbed his arm, and he’d hastened back to the Enclave. He was sure to take Codi along, but he left the two clerks outside on the surface before calling the threads. If he was right, they had no time for prisoners.
As usual, they stepped out of the threads in complete darkness. Arico could hear Nemith head forward, and open the door blocking the passage. Or try to, anyway. “It’s stuck!” He grunted from up ahead. He strained at it audibly, and then let go with a gasp. “I can’t move it!”
“Here, grab my arm again. We’ll try another passage.”
Nemith fumbled around a bit trying to find him, but when he did they were gone again. Arico tried the nearest passage to the west, only to find that he couldn’t even enter this one at all! Rocks had been piled right up to the edge of the threads, and the air was thick with dust.
Back in the threads, Arico turned to the others. “Neither of those passages was on the map they made. They must have sealed them off after. We have to take a more direct approach. We’ll go to the main gate, at the entrance to the keep.”
Nemith and the others looked at each other in surprise. “But we’ll be completely exposed! If anyone’s watching, they’ll see us!”
“If the Enclave is under attack, then diplomacy is already out the window, Nemith,” Arico said, trying to keep his voice calm despite his rising impatience and worry. “Under the circumstances, we don’t have any other choice. They’ve already killed Alzhi,” he said, trying not to think about how it had happened. “I’m not going to let them kill any more of our friends, not if there’s a chance I can stop it!” One by one, they nodded their assent, and Arico navigated them up towards the surface.
This was a rarity—entering the Enclave in the open, under the sky. Sure it was still nighttime, but there was moonlight and the stars were just now starting to peek out from behind the cloud cover. Arico took a quick look through the window in the threads when they arrived. The great gate was shut. There were also what looked like bloodstains on one of the handles. Grimacing, he stepped out of the threads with the rest behind him.
They were only a few spans from the gate itself. Distant shouts and the ringing of steel on steel could be heard up ahead from the other side of the wall. The others loaded their weapons quietly and spread out a bit. Nemith strained against the gate, but it had apparently been barred from the inside.
“They must have taken the entrance at the same time as they sealed the passages. That way they could close the gate and keep any reinforcements out!” He said grimly as he looked up. “The wall is too far from the threads to navigate over. We’d break our legs trying to jump down on top of it.”
Arico opened his mouth to respond, but then shut it. He’d caught a flicker of movement off to the south, just at the corner of the wall. He gave a hand signal to the others—or tried to, anyway. They got the message all the same, and all but one focused on that area. Taen kept watch in the other direction—with Codi slumped on the ground next to him—to keep them from being flanked.
Arico wasn’t sure exactly what tipped him off, in hindsight. Perhaps it was the heavy breaths he heard just before the shadow at the edge of the wall moved. Regardless, it was enough. “Hold your fire!” He exclaimed quickly, and the others did so with military discipline.
Apparently Sabra had been almost as sure they were his enemies. He’d just started to charge around the wall’s corner with a menacing growl, but then came to a stop just as fast. Relief spread over his mangled face and he lowered his massive sword. “Little man! Sabra is glad to see you.” He gestured up at the wall. “Sabra was out for a walk in the night, but the gate was closed when Sabra got back. There’s fighting inside, but Sabra can’t quite climb up to see over!”
“It’s all right, Sabra,” Arico said with the same relief. “Come on to the gate. I’ll get us through.” He led them back to the entrance, and then paused. “Nemith, could you help me take off my swordhand? This’ll be easier without it.”
Nemith looked a little awkward, but helped him unlock and remove his right prosthesis. Arico turned back to the wall, and concentrated. “Stay to the side, everyone. If you’re behind me, you’re in danger.” They all spread out on either side.
By now it was easy enough to pull on the threads, but it still required concentration. He ran the offensive quote over in his head again, as if he needed any excuse to be angry about this. The threads responded, flowing through him from behind, and he pushed them right into the gate. Not at the handles themselves, but to the side. Even with Sabra pushing, there would be no way to open the gates without making a significant amount of noise. This way was quieter, if more permanent.
As if his arm and stump were some kind of white-hot metal rod, he cut his way through the wood and stone and began… ‘drawing’ a hole of sorts. In a second he stopped and began cutting even wider. The hole would have to be big enough to accommodate Sabra as well.
Just as he finished, a large section of wall started to fall inward, but the others were ready. Sabra grabbed it on one side and Nemith on the other, to keep it from falling with a loud clang. Fortunately cutting stone and steel with the threads wasn’t the same as burning it away—they could grip the edges safely without their hands being seared.
They quietly lowered the gate fragment to the ground, and they were in. Nemith led the way with Sabra right behind him, while Taen stayed behind with Arico. Codi stayed as well. He was still trembling and whimpering from his injuries, but at least he was mostly quiet.
There were a pair of guards—Ascendants by their armor and hair—at the tunnel entrance. They were looking down into the keep though, and were caught unawares. Sabra dealt with them in his usual lethal manner, and Arico was in no position to hold him back. With Ascendants invading the keep itself, Sabra was out for blood. Arico doubted anything short of force could stop him from killing his enemies, and right now they simply didn’t have the force it would take. If they even wanted to, he reflected to himself grimly.
At least the entrance was clear now. “Nemith and I will take the lead,” Arico said quickly as he shouldered his way to the front. “We’re the most recognizable humans in the Enclave, so we’re the least likely to get shot by the dwarves. Sabra, you’re behind us. Taen, you stay on the surface with Codi. If we’re not back shortly, or there’s any sign of trouble, take him to the Hideaway and wait for others to show up.” They all nodded, some looking angry and others nervous. For a moment, Arico realized that he was fully back. Hands or no, he was their commander and they trusted him. He allowed himself a tiny smile as he stepped into the tunnel with Nemith. Just as they stepped inside though, a massive, concussive sound rumbled up from beneath them. At the same time the earth itself bucked like an angry horse!
They all lost their footing, even Sabra. This wasn’t like the quake that had signaled Jaas’ arrival into the city at all. That one had been mild in comparison, even if it had lasted much longer.
Dust began billowing up from the passage ahead of them. Even as Nemith and Arico stood up again, there was a crumbling noise from the staircase at the end of the passage, and suddenly it dropped away! Flagstones and dirt fell after it, and they both scrambled backwards to avoid falling in as well. Sabra grabbed them both by their tunics and hauled them out of the tunnel to safety, but even after leaving the passage, they had to move back still further as more ground fell away. Before long the entire passageway had been… consumed.
Dust was everywhere. Arico covered his nose and mouth as best he could, and the others pulled their tunics up over their faces to breathe. Despite the dust cloud rising up from the massive gaping hole ahead of them, Arico could see enough to know that there was nothing left. The entire keep had fallen down into the hole. If anyone had survived the explosions down there, the collapsing debris would have finished them off. He and Nemith looked at each other grimly.
“What in the Many just happened?” Sabra exclaimed, coughing afterwards. They backed off into the keep’s entryway a little more, to what felt like steadier ground.
“It’s the Hauld’s failsafe,” Arico said, hearing how dead his voice sounded. It was over now. They’d failed.
“Alzhi, Arico and I were the only humans he told about it,” Nemith continued for him in the same tone as he surveyed the damage. “In case the keep was ever invaded and taken over. The Hauld had barrels full of sparkpowder set up at several places throughout the structure, and fuses connecting them. If the worst should happen, all it would take is one spark to light the fuses, and the whole place would be…” he gestured into the barely-visible pit. “Well, this.”
Arico just stared for a few moments more. One of the reasons the keep was so massive—that it extended so far underground—was because it was home to every single dwarf in the Enclave. The dwarves all spread out through the Enclave’s various patches every morning to conduct their daily business, but this late at night, every dwarf would have been at home, asleep. The Hauld. Chanul. Otrul. Marik. Tor. Pelavo. So, so many others. His friends—his family, all buried in an instant.
Then he started. Durhu! Jaas! The Fishbowl might still be intact! After all, it had been dug out well after the keep had been completed, and it had originally been nothing more than a waystation for human refugees. The Hauld had no reason to bury any sparkpowder there as well.
He glanced at Nemith again and could see he was reaching the same thought. They turned at the same time, looking back at the threads, only to see more people by the keep’s outer wall. There were seven in total, the last one just now coming through the very same gap Arico had cut. “Don’t move!” The one in the middle commanded harshly.
They were all city guards except the one who’d spoken, who was clearly an Ascendant. They all had their weapons already aimed, and Arico held out an arm to his friends, to prevent them doing the same.
For a single, crystal-clear moment, absolute silence reigned in the space between them. The billowing smoke and dust behind them kept rising, but didn’t block either side from seeing the other.
Suddenly Sabra growled at the enemies, holding his massive sword in one hand and a chunk of red brick in the other. Some of the guards took a step back, but the Ascendant commander didn’t waver. He looked Arico up and down in one glance, and gave a predatory smile. “Kill them all except the cripple in the middle,” he ordered, raising his own matchlock. “Fire.”
Arico had already reached out to the threads while the man gave his instructions. He pulled on them as quickly as he could—not from directly ahead, but from a few spans to the north and to the south. Just in time, they came to the tip of his arm, forming two paper-thin vertical walls between his friends and his enemies.
The guards were well-trained. No doubt they would have killed everyone, even Sabra, with their precision shots, but their bullets simply vanished as they hit the thread-walls between both groups. They all stared, openmouthed, as their apparently bulletproof enemies were completely untouched.
Arico let go of the threads and looked around, and he could tell his feelings were mutual in his friends as well. They were all itching for a fight, but just didn’t have time for any of this. Without even thinking, he yanked the threads from directly behind the guards this time, pulling an invisible line to himself. They came at him horizontally, and then he just let them go again.
As one, all the guards collapsed. The line had cut through each of them, shoulder to shoulder—or ear to ear for some of the shorter ones—killing them instantly. As they fell, blood and brains spilled out onto the ground around them. Only the commander, who was a navigator and therefore immune to this kind of attack, was left alive.
His face went white and he scrambled backwards, tripping over the gap in the wall. As he got up again, Arico looked to his right. “Sabra.”
Grinning darkly, Sabra hefted the chunk of brick in his left hand. He threw it easily, almost nonchalantly, but with impressive accuracy. It struck the navigator in the back of his head with a sickening crunch, and he fell to the ground just shy of the threads.
Arico looked at Nemith and the others. They were all still staring at the bodies in shock, so he tapped Nemith with his left arm. “Come on. We have to get to the Fishbowl.”
Nemith snapped out of it, sort of. When Arico lifted his arms again, Nemith and the others took hold just as they’d done before. Sabra did so without hesitation, still smirking at the dead navigator, but Nemith’s expression was now more fearful than surprised.
-.-
Jaas wasn’t entirely sure what had woken her. Perhaps it was something in the air, or the unnatural silence outside, where she could usually hear crickets from outside the Fishbowl. Regardless, the hair on her arms bristled and she knew something was wrong.
After slipping out of bed and getting a quick drink of water, Jaas crossed the room and looked out the pinhole in her front door. The limited scope of view showed nothing out of the ordinary. Just the Fishbowl as normal, late at night with the stars just beginning to appear from behind the cloud cover. By request, she’d been moved to one of the top-level dwellings so that she could see the night sky more easily.
Then a figure crossed her field of vision, too quickly to be identified. And another, and another. Five figures later, they seemed to be done. Whoever they were, they were moving fast. Jaas gave it a few seconds, and then inched the door open to get a better look. It was a full group of people all right, moving up the slow incline on the inside of the Bowl, apparently heading to the surface. Strangely, not all of them were walking. Two of them were carrying someone, from the looks of it.
As they passed the torch at the top of the Bowl, Jaas finally got a good look at them, and held in a gasp of surprise. The unconscious man was Durhu! The others may have been dressed in normal brown and green like average Fishbowlers, but the way they moved was hauntingly familiar. They were soldiers, Jaas was sure of it.
The Ascendants were here.
Jaas closed the door and put her back to it, breathing heavily and trying to concentrate. There had been no alarm bell from below, so their dwarven guards were all either dead or unconscious like Durhu. If the intruders were taking him up to the surface, that meant the underground tunnels into this patch were off-limits for some reason.
Even as she came to that conclusion the ground shuddered slightly beneath her, and dust filtered down from above. Another concussive blast sounded closer nearby, and another further away. Jaas peeked outside again and sure enough, smoke and dust were rising from three equidistant tunnel entrances. They must have blasted the tunnels to make sure that no one could escape. Well, except by going up to the surface, which they were definitely guarding by now.
Her heart thumping in her chest, Jaas sprang into action. The original Jaas who’d stumbled into this city and wandered around like a child would probably have been panicking right now, but this Jaas had other options. Aside from the training the dwarves had given her, she’d also been told about emergency protocols to follow, in case of attack. For once, the dwarven paranoia concerning the Ascendants was turning out to be useful.
She hurried over to her notes and began gathering them up. They were all written in Uatoni of course, but there was no guarantee the Council wouldn’t be able to decipher them eventually. She had to get rid of them before the Ascendants up there started going door to door. They clearly weren’t here to kill everyone or they would have started shooting people already. The fact that they’d taken Durhu meant that they knew there were at least a few valuable prisoners here. Perhaps they were also after Arico… or her, Jaas realized after a moment.
At least there was a good hiding place already here in her dwelling. Chanul had showed it to her himself, but she never thought she’d have to use it. She ran over to the fireplace and hurriedly pressed the secret switch on the mantle with her elbow. She held the switch in for a few seconds, and the hearth suddenly moved backwards into the wall, revealing a stone gap underneath. Jaas stuffed all her notes in there, wincing at how she was putting them all out of order, and then quickly pressed against the switch again. A few more seconds and the fire moved back into place. The switch was perfectly hidden against the stone, and people were unlikely to search a burning fireplace, making it an almost perfect hiding spot.
Now it was her turn. Below, screams had started to echo up towards her. The other Fishbowlers were probably discovering the blocked passages right now.
By now there was shouting from down below as well. Harsh voices, no doubt Ascendants. Her gun was down in the armory below, so she grabbed a sharp knife from the kitchen and opened the front door once again. Only to find herself staring right into the eyes of a surprised-looking Ascendant who had just been reaching for the handle!
They moved at the same time. She tried to back away, and he lunged forward into the dwelling, knocking her down. The impact knocked her knife from her hand as well, but it also loosened his own gun from his grip, sending it skidding a few paces across the floor. Desperately, Jaas scrambled for it, but a heavy weight came down on her back, pinning her to the floor. The weight vanished briefly before he kicked her in the side, hard.
The pain was incredible! She wanted to scream, but was too busy gasping for air as he kicked her again and again for good measure. She curled up under the blows, trying to protect her stomach and chest.
Thankfully he tired of it quickly. He grabbed her by the shoulder and hauled her to her feet. Bending her arm painfully behind her back to keep her close, he paused for a moment. “So you’re the mighty Harbinger?” He said abrasively. “The woman who will end the whole city? You certainly don’t look like much.”
He was about the same height as her. In answer, Jaas swung her head back, right into his face. She was rewarded by hearing his nose break, probably, as he let go and she ran forward into the kitchen.
This Ascendant was well trained, though. She’d barely reached the kitchen when she was hit again in the back and bounced off the counter. In an instant he’d grabbed her again, this time by the hair right at the scalp where it hurt most. Jaas cried out in pain as he pulled her back into the living room.
“You’re lucky my orders are to take you in undamaged, bitch,” he ground out, his voice noticeably thicker and angrier. He spat blood on the ground next to them. “Otherwise I’d teach you a lesson you’d never forget!”
Jaas was too terrified to move much, but he clearly hadn’t seen: while she’d been against the kitchen table, she’d been able to grab one of the other knives! She surreptitiously inched the blade up next to her wrist to hide it better. In this position, with him holding her from behind, she stood no chance of getting in a good blow with it.
“What are you afraid of?” Jaas taunted, thinking desperately. She had a plan, or the beginnings of one anyway. “Let me guess: you don’t want to tell the other Ascendants that it was a woman who broke your nose?”
His grip tightened briefly. Clearly she’d hit a nerve. “You’ve already left a bunch of bruises on me—maybe broken a rib or two. Are you too much of a coward to go any further? If you want to teach me a lesson, then teach me! Go ahead and try it!”
“You know, maybe you’re right,” he said after a moment. Growling, he turned her around, and she could see the blood on his face. She was still too close to use the knife, though. “You should learn a little humility before I take you in.”
He took a step back, still holding her by the hair with his left hand. As he raised the other in a fist, she kneed him hard in the groin. He grunted in pain and his grip on her scalp loosened briefly, just enough for her to break free. Without even thinking, she gripped the knife in both hands and jammed it as hard as she could into the side of his neck!
Blood sprayed out from the edges of the wound, and she raised an arm to cover her face. Her attacker staggered backwards with a hand to his neck, emitting a faint gurgle, and slumped against the wall. He looked up at her in shock and hatred.
Jaas had studied enough of anatomy to know that he would probably bleed to death in a few seconds. It looked like she’d cut his vocal cords as well, so he’d do it quietly. Despite being covered in blood, Jaas approached him again. Not knowing quite why, she knelt in front of him and looked him in the eyes again. “Never assume that anyone is helpless. Even a woman,” she told him in a strangely calm voice, and then reached up and pulled the knife out.
More blood spurted from his neck, and he slid to the ground with a horrible gagging noise.
Her mind was still reeling with the shock of it all, but Jaas just didn’t have any time to dwell on it. She ran into the bedroom and dressed herself quickly, in a traveler’s tunic this time. She still had a lot of blood on her skin, but most of it was obscured by the robe and hood. Jaas picked up the fallen gun, but it looked like the wadding and shot had fallen out when he’d dropped it. She scooped them up as well before heading outside. Apparently the Ascendants were splitting up on the upper and lower levels, so at least she had a few moments before someone else came here.
Some of them were probably still down on the bottom level, though. Laying down behind the bench outside her front door, Jaas tried to load the dead man’s weapon as quietly as possible. Her hands were shaking though, and still slippery with blood. Even as she tried to place the rounded bullet it slipped from her grasp, bounced off the walkway and fell down… into the Bowl below. There were screams and shouts still coming up from the lower levels.
Jaas cursed under her breath. There was more ammo in the armory down below, but it was almost certainly under Ascendant control by now. Gripping the knife, she began moving towards the top. It was possible she might be able to sneak past the Ascendants up there, if their attention was diverted. Escaping the patch was obviously out of the question, but if she could make it to the tallgrass outside the Bowl, she might be able to hide there. As long as it was dark, anyway. It didn’t look like dawn was far off.
Then a shot rang out from below. “Quiet!” A voice shouted up following it. “All of you, shut up!” A quiet fell on the whole Fishbowl, punctuated by faint sobs.
Jaas glimpsed down to the flattened base of the Bowl, which was encircled by five or six individual dwellings. The center was well-lit with four torches in corners, and she could see prisoners down there. At least a dozen Fishbowlers, surrounded by half as many armed Ascendants. She clenched her teeth when she recognized Tarith down there.
An Ascendant captain, by the pin on his tunic, was most likely the one who’d shouted. His bald head glistened with sweat in the night air, as he turned to one of his men. “Report.”
Even this far up the voices carried easily. The Fishbowl had always been very acoustic. The soldier saluted his captain. “We found the old man a few minutes ago, sir; he’s already on his way back to Sevvas patch by now. There’s no sign of the heretic or the Harbinger, though. The search is ongoing.”
The captain glanced at the prisoners on their knees. “And them?”
The Ascendant shrugged in response. “None of them have said anything useful. Either they don’t know anything, or they’re not talking. If you want, I can pick one and ask questions more forcefully.”
“No,” the captain said, shaking his head. “Even if they did give answers that we could trust, we don’t have time for that. Just kill them and let’s get out of here. The other group should be done with the dwarven keep by now.” He turned away, and the remaining Ascendants all aimed their weapons at the prisoners.
Time seemed to slow down as Jaas saw them take aim. A thousand options flashed through her head, each just as useless as the last!
“Stop!” Jaas shouted down at them in desperation, scrambling to her feet. In an instant at least a dozen weapons were pointed up at her instead, but mercifully none of them fired. Her heart was pounding just as fast as it had back in her dwelling, but just as before, her mind was suddenly calm. She knew what she had to do.
“I’m the Harbinger,” she called out into the night air, looking at the captain. “I’m the one you want.” The surprise on his face faded quickly, replaced with grim satisfaction. He nodded to either side of her, and she was peripherally aware of Ascendants coming at her from above and below.
There was only one move here—only one card she had left to play. Grimly, she raised the bloody knife to her own neck. “Tell them to stop, captain! Do it now, or I open my throat right here, in front of everyone.”
He didn’t look like the sharpest of men, but he clearly understood what that threat meant. Reluctantly, he raised his hand again and the soldiers stopped moving. “You’d kill yourself, just like that? For them?” He asked sardonically.
“The question you should be asking is what you will do if that happens, captain,” she said confidently.
There was comfort in knowing you had nothing left to lose. And surety, as it turned out. “How will you explain yourself to the Council,” she continued grimly, “once they find out you could have easily taken the Harbinger alive, and instead you let her die? What will they do to you as punishment?”
He grimaced. “State your terms.”
Jaas ignored him for the moment. “Tarith! Ansanah! Are you all right?”
There was some rustling among the prisoners, and then she clearly heard Tarith’s voice filter up out of them. “I’m here, Jaas. Mother’s hurt, and so are a few others.”
Jaas let out a breath of relief. At least they stood a chance now. “Listen Tarith, I want you to take your mother and the others up to the surface, you hear? You go straight to the threads and you disappear. The captain here will let you go,” she speared the bald man with a harsh look, “or he’ll have a lot of explaining to do later on.”
Tarith pushed his way out of the small group and looked up at her. “But what about you? I can’t just-”
“Do as I say, Tarith. Take care of them. It’s all on you now, you understand? Your father told you where to go if something like this happened, didn’t he?”
Tarith nodded, and let out a sniffle. “Yes, Jaas.”
“Then go,” she repeated, “and don’t look back!”
At Tarith’s urging the rest all stood up as one, still huddled together. Ansanah and another woman were apparently unconscious, and were picked up by the rest. They started to move towards the ramp up, but the guards didn’t budge. Their guns were all pointed back to the prisoners again.
Jaas locked eyes with the captain, and dug the knife a little into her neck. She could feel a line of blood trickle down into her tunic. Even now she was tempted to stab away, just to spite him. She’d been relatively unharmed during the attack, but that was because of special orders. From the injuries she could see on the women down there, the Ascendants hadn’t held back with them. Their clothing had been torn in very specific ways, and those who weren’t obviously injured were still shaking and sobbing with what had been done to them.
Jaas felt a boiling rage. The Ascendants were supposed to be professional soldiers, but these men were nothing but animals, taking what they wanted whenever they could!
For a moment she thought her enemy was going to press the issue, but perhaps her anger showed on her face. After a few seconds, his face tight with frustration, the bald man gestured again and the Ascendants lowered their weapons. One after another, the prisoners slowly climbed the ramp upwards. Jaas insisted on staying within sight of them, just high enough to see them reach the threads. Once there, Tarith reached out and vanished with the others. Jaas felt a warm moment of pride. Even at eleven, he was braver than most of the people in this wretched city. Almost before they were gone, strong arms had grabbed her hands and pulled the knife away.
-.-
Chapter 53
It wasn’t a long walk to the threads, but Jaas’ sides were starting to cramp up as she moved, and her scalp was still sending little barbs of pain at every step she took. That sick pervert had kicked her a bunch of times, and torn out some of her hair even as she’d stabbed him. He’d probably bruised or broken a few of her ribs, too. At least she’d paid him back for it, and then some. Despite the horror of what she’d done, Jaas could feel a kind of satisfaction at it. She had defended herself, and well. Somehow she doubted her parents or brother would ever believe she could have done something like that, even if she ever got the chance to tell them.
Her hands were shackled behind her back, as the Ascendants had marched her up to the surface and were now making their way to the threads. The captain, still apparently sour about being forced to let some of the Fishbowlers escape, was keeping a close watch on her. Also, they were headed to a different location than the one Tarith had used to escape. No doubt more Ascendants were there waiting for them.
The sky above them was just starting to lighten a bit. Dawn was on the way. Briefly, Jaas wondered how many other Fishbowlers had escaped. Some of them were navigators, and it was possible they’d gotten out through the tunnels before the Ascendants had sealed them shut.
Aside from the captain, there were five other top-knotted men marching around them. Jaas knew she had no chance of escape herself. Not the kind of escape they were expecting her to try, anyway.
This was almost the exact situation she’d been in before, when the Thornes had taken her. They’d meant for her to think she was in trouble, and it had worked spectacularly. But they’d also armored her for the day when it might happen for real. Again, Jaas felt that same sense of calm she’d had while negotiating with the captain. She had nothing to lose, and therefore was at peace.
Jaas couldn’t allow herself to be taken to the Council. Despite her training, she doubted she’d be able to hold up to any real torture, and that meant she’d probably end up giving up her friends. Therefore, when they reached the threads she would do what none of these men expected. She would lunge forward into the threads before any of them could touch her skin. That way her death would be instantaneous and painless.
Arico knew about her dwelling, and probably knew that she’d hidden her notes. It would take a while, but he would find them eventually, after the Ascendants had left. He knew enough to make sure they’d go to Lem. At least her good friends could preserve her work. In the end, that was all there really was to Jaas Senneco. Her work meant everything, and they knew that. Still, Jaas felt a strange stirring in her gut. It wasn’t fear so much as regret. She could see the threads up ahead. It was almost over.
But then suddenly it wasn’t anymore. Arico, Sabra, Nemith, and a few others stepped out of the threads only ten spans in front of them! Including… Codi? How the hells had he ended up with them? The last she knew, he’d been in his dwelling in the Fishbowl!
Her guards all took aim at once of course, as did Arico and the others. Sabra gave a harsh chuckle for some reason, and Arico grinned darkly as well. He raised his arm—for some reason without a prosthetic on it—at them.
The captain grabbed her and put his matchlock against her head. “Don’t do anything stupid, heretic!” He warned quickly. “If any of you start shooting, she’ll be the first to die!”
Sabra snarled at him, and Jaas felt her captor shudder slightly, but Arico raised an arm to quiet him. His face had lost all mirth. “You don’t know your own peril right now, captain,” he said softly. “Let her go, or you and all your men will die.”
He was different, Jaas realized, and a chill ran down her back. Even at this distance, she could tell he meant what he said. This was no idle boast. The captain only tightened his grip. “I’ll do it!” He repeated stubbornly. “Let us go, or I’ll spread her brains all over the grass!”
“Well, this is ironic,” Jaas grumbled.
“Shut up!” He pressed the gun even harder into her temple, and she winced.
In the distance, the rays of light were steadily getting stronger and more numerous. Clouds were parting in preparation for the day. “They’re all navigators, Arico,” Nemith said in dwarven. “What do we do?”
Arico didn’t respond at first, and Jaas wondered why that mattered. Of course they were all navigators. Finally, he looked over at Nemith and spoke softly in dwarven. “We’re going to pretend to let them go.” He kept looking at Nemith, but his tone changed slightly. “Jaas, when I say so, I want you to dive to your right, as quick as you can.”
He gestured them to lower their guns at the same time, and Jaas tried to keep her breathing steady. If any of the Ascendants spoke dwarven—which was admittedly very unlikely—they’d be ready for whatever Arico had planned.
“What did you say to them?” The captain demanded in vasrah. “Tell me!”
“I just told them to stand down,” Arico responded soothingly, and he and the rest of them began backing away, letting the Ascendants through.
The captain grunted. “Savages. You don’t even teach your people their own language!” He pushed Jaas from behind, prodding her forward, but he was careful to keep them both facing Arico as they started moving again.
“Now!” Arico snapped, and Jaas threw herself to the right. She let out a cry of pain upon hitting the ground; she had landed on her bruised side after all.
Jaas had expected the captain to shoot her, or at least hold onto her, but while she was still in midair the ground itself had just vanished from under his feet! From under all the other Ascendants as well!
A few of the matchlocks they were carrying went off as they fell—not the captain’s one, thankfully—and they all appeared to fall about twenty or thirty spans down before coming to a stop. The holes hadn’t appeared vertically, weirdly enough. They were slanted steeply towards the threads. If Jaas hadn’t moved when she did, she would have fallen right along with them.
It took her a moment to realize what had just happened. Arico had dug the holes himself, by pulling on the threads! All of them probably extended all the way down to the threads, but they’d collapsed in on themselves partway down, trapping the Ascendants inside.
How had he done that, all at once?? It was well beyond any of his previous work with the threads, that was for sure.
Arico wasn’t waiting for the Ascendants to dig themselves out. He nodded to the others, and they all took aim themselves. It was like shooting fish in a barrel. They even had time to reload before any of their opponents could do anything about it! Before she knew it, Nemith was already at her side, dropping his gun. “Jaas, is there anyone left in the Fishbowl? Are you the only one they took prisoner?”
“It’s all right,” she said, her eyes still straying briefly to the holes on either side of them. “Tarith is fine. Ansanah was knocked out, but I think she’s all right as well, along with a dozen or so more. I saw them all enter the threads together.”
Nemith slumped onto his knees with relief, and took several ragged breaths. “Thank Aquun!” Jaas looked up at Arico, whose face was also taut with worry.
“Durhu’s alive too, Arico,” she said just as quickly. “They captured him first. I heard one of them say he was on the way to Sevvas patch.”
Arico’s jaw clenched briefly, but he shook his head. “We’ll have to deal with that later. There could be more Ascendants on the way. We should get back to the Fishbowl.”
“That’s the first place they’ll look for us, though,” Jaas objected.
Arico and Nemith exchanged a dark glance, and Jaas wasn’t sure what it meant. Arico turned to the others. “Gather food and whatever other belongings you need while you can. Once we’re all ready, I’ll take us into the threads. Quickly now—we don’t have much time.”
-.-
The Hideaway looked abandoned from the outside but just like last time, looks proved to be deceiving. There were already several dozen people inside when Arico and the others arrived.
Nemith ran to embrace his wife and son, naturally, while the rest seemed at least a little encouraged by their survival. Endu and the boys were there as well. Arico’s stomach knotted up again when he realized what he had to tell them. He couldn’t do it right away though, as Endu examined Jaas’ midsection and gave her a tonic for the pain. At least it looked like she was going to be all right, despite having apparently been drenched in blood. Whatever had happened back there in the Fishbowl, Jaas was keeping it to herself for now.
Balter and Veles had been training in another Enclave patch when the attack started, and one of the Fishbowler navigators had brought them here. Strangely, according to them Endu had already been here at the Hideaway, waiting for them. Apparently she’d been among the first to arrive.
While tending to the wounded, Endu said she’d been picked up by one of the navigators and dropped off here. It was fortunate for Jaas, and it would have been for Codi as well. If he’d been here, that was. As soon as the Ascendants had been killed, Codi had rushed off towards the Fishbowl, looking for his niece. He’d gone straight down to his dwelling and refused to leave, insisting that she would come back shortly.
Arico had decided to leave him there. It was unlikely the Ascendants would do anything to him, even if they did come back. He’d already told them everything they might find useful, and they certainly knew any further information from him would be twisted by his delusions. He should be safe there for a few days at least. Assuming the Hideaway stayed a secret, they could take supplies to him in a day or so.
Perhaps one in four of the adult Fishbowlers were navigators, so he supposed it should be no great surprise that so many others had escaped as well. Jaas had explained how she’d bargained for the lives of some of them, but there had also been entire families that hadn’t even been in the Bowl during the attack.
Unlike the dwarves and their keep.
Now that the danger had passed, and he’d had a chance to go back and cover up what he’d done at the keep’s gates, Arico just felt like sitting down on the ground and weeping. So many of his friends were just gone! The Hauld had been like a father to him, and Chanul like a brother. It was as if some great force had reached into Arico’s gut and hollowed him out. Only grief and despair remained. No, guilt and shame were there too, as he thought back on those guards he’d cut down.
He slumped down on one of the bunks, staring emptily across the large room. Nemith explained to the rest what had happened to the keep itself, as he just sat there watching. To some of them—the younger ones especially—it didn’t look like the news was really sinking in. Kids often had a hard time accepting death, in Arico’s experience. Even weeks later they would sometimes ask where their loved one was, and what they were doing.
Even as hollow as Arico felt right now, his mind was working overtime. Tactically, this was a disaster beyond compare, but there were still things to do. Still lives depending on his actions. This was no time to be sitting here and feeling sorry for himself.
Nemith had already told Endu and the boys what had happened to Alzhi, so at least he didn’t have to do that. When someone brought up the question of why the attack had happened now of all times, he finally chipped in.
“It was Alzhi,” he said slowly, and the rest quieted a bit.
Arico stood up and made his way over to the informal circle of people around the fireplace. Even Sabra had squeezed his way in here and was taking up his usual way-too-much space just as before.
“He sent us word of the Council’s secret base a few days ago. He must have asked one too many questions in the process. They scooped him up, tortured him, and learned what they needed to attack the Enclave.”
Taen snorted. “There’s no way Alzhi would have sold us out. Even under torture!”
“I agree,” Arico responded, “but the Council has been watching the Enclave for years. They could have figured out where most of the tunnels were on their own by now. All they really needed to know was that Alzhi was our spy. Once he was out of the picture, they could take the dwarves by surprise. They would have to act quickly after he was taken out—before the Hauld realized Alzhi was gone. Otherwise the dwarves would have evacuated, or at the very least fortified against the attack.”
Kerik handed Jaas the pack they’d retrieved from Raggas patch. “This is what we got down there. It doesn’t look like much to me, but there might be something in there. Enough for a little payback against the Sustained at least.” Several of the group voiced their assent at that idea.
The circular door at the entrance ground its way open again, and the entire group reacted at once. The children huddled behind bunks and parents, and the adults all had weapons at the ready. They relaxed a bit though, upon seeing the new arrival. It was Betal, Banos’ wife, and one of their remaining navigators.
The Hideaway was supposed to be secure, but now that Durhu had been captured it might not remain so. Arico doubted the Council had anyone who could understand handtalk, even if they could coerce Durhu to give them up. If push came to shove though, he supposed he could just pull the threads in here and jump all of them to safety. Doing so might damage the Hideaway he’d worked so hard to build, but it would be worth it.
Betal embraced her husband for a moment, and then turned to the rest. “I was out looking for other survivors in Sustained patches near the Enclave. I didn’t find anyone, but I did see this,” she produced a parchment from her robe. “They were posting it everywhere in Sustained territory. I saw it being posted in stra’tchi patches, too. Most of the stra’tchi still can’t read, but their magistrates will probably read it to them.”
She handed it to Arico and then paused, a sheepish expression on her face. “Sorry.”
“Don’t worry about it,” he said understandingly, and Nemith took it instead.
“It’s an execution notice,” Nemith said grimly, after perusing it. “It says the ‘brave and powerful’ Ascendants managed to drive the dwarves out of their rat-tunnels and-” he paused, looking up at Arico with a startled expression. “And capture their leader, the Hauld!”
Arico was at his side instantly. “The Hauld is alive?”
“They seem to think so, anyway,” Nemith said skeptically. “It says he’s due to be executed, along with the other rebels they captured, at the Twin Suns celebration in three days.”
A rustle of excitement made its way through the small crowd, but Taen shook his head. “There’s no way the Hauld would let himself get taken alive, Arico! He was willing to blow up the entire keep just to spite the Council!”
“Maybe he didn’t have a choice,” Arico said thoughtfully. “If he was close to the surface they could have grabbed him early on, possibly at the same time they took Durhu. Either way, there’s still a chance we can rescue them. Durhu’s in Sevvas patch, most likely in the Spire’s dungeons. They probably took the Hauld there, too.”
Jaas took the parchment and looked it over as well. “This can’t be a coincidence, though. The part about the Hauld I understand. The Council would want to make a spectacle of his death. But why even mention the other rebels they captured? Most Sustained don’t even know about them!” She shook her head. “This doesn’t smell right.”
“It’s a message to me,” Arico explained, hints of anger working their way through his emotional numbness. “The Council knows that Durhu’s my father, and they want to taunt me into trying to rescue him. If we try it, they’ll probably just kill him on the spot.”
“We have other priorities too, Arico,” Nemith reminded him. “There are a lot more lives at stake than just Durhu and the Hauld, remember?”
Arico nodded slowly. The Hauld’s standing orders. He’d never thought they would be applicable, not during his lifetime—but then he’d never thought those barrels of sparkpowder in the keep would ever be used, either.
The orders were supposed to be a secret, but there wasn’t much point in hiding them anymore. “The Hauld left instructions for Nemith, Alzhi and me, in case this day should ever come,” he said firmly, and sighed. “In case the Enclave ever fell.”
Nemith hesitated at first, but then nodded. Perhaps he, too, recognized that they all deserved to know the truth. “As of right now, we are under orders to kill the entire Council. Every single one of them. It shouldn’t be that hard, though. Years and years ago, before the Fishbowl even existed, the Hauld had a tunnel dug underneath Sevvas patch. He put a cache of sparkpowder right in the middle, underneath the Spire.”
He grunted. “The tunnels have probably collapsed a bit after all this time, but that won’t be a problem. I figure with Arico doing his thing, we can clear them in a few hours. Then all we need to do is wait for the Council to meet inside the Spire, light the fuse and send them all to the Shemra together!”
A bunch of the others nodded their agreement and made approving noises, but Jaas wasn’t one of them. “Wait a minute!” She interjected hotly. “This movement has never been about killing anyone! We were supposed to get the stra’tchi to stand up against the Council, and force them to grant equality to everyone. We weren’t meant to just slaughter all the Councilors!”
“Pretty lady didn’t see what we just did,” Sabra said thickly. For once his expression was easy to read despite the scars, and his hands trembled as he gripped them into fists. “Pretty lady wasn’t there. Didn’t feel the smoke rising from blasted dwarf tunnels and burned dwarf bodies! Didn’t have to cover her face against breathing in dead dwarf! If anybody deserves to die in fire and dust, it’s the Council. Pretty lady knows this as well as anyone! By the Waters, pretty lady still has Ass-end blood all over!” He gestured at her face and neck.
Jaas glanced away for a moment, and Arico felt a pang of sympathy. Sabra’s nose and eyesight were particularly keen. Apparently the blood all over her was not her own, and he could tell that. Suddenly her reluctance to say what had happened back there made a lot more sense.
“But if we go ahead with this, how are we any different than they are?” She continued, apparently moderating her tone a little. “Or different than Ta’anu, for that matter? He was willing to wipe out most of the city to achieve his goals! How do we win the loyalty and trust of the stra’tchi if we prove that we’re just like the people we’re trying to stop?”
Arico pressed an arm to her shoulder, and she turned. “Jaas, it’s over,” he said as gently as he could. “The movement has ended. We lost! The dwarves are all gone, and without them backing us, the stra’tchi will be too afraid to stand up to the Council. The deal you made with Cartwright will keep him from helping us, even if he was inclined to do anything. Terres Huun won’t lift a finger to help us either, even if we did have any money to pay her with. And as for the Thornes,” he glanced up at Sabra. “We’ve had no contact with your sister Velya, not since just after we stopped Ta’anu. Do you think that she’d be willing to help us?”
Sabra hesitated for a moment, and then nodded. “Sabra’s sister would want to help, yes. But the others are all too afraid, and they would vote to overrule her. None of the Thornes will help, not if it means risking that the Council might find out about them.”
After another few seconds, he growled irritably. “Some of them might even try to silence her, if Sabra reached out to her. Sabra will help little man as always… but no other Thornes will.”
From her expression, Jaas was still wrestling with disbelief at what had happened, and with grief. Arico doubted that she would be able to accept any of this for a while, at least.
He shook his head slowly. “Even if we somehow convinced the stra’tchi to overthrow the Council, we no longer have anyone to put in their place. Winning isn’t on the table anymore, Jaas. All that’s left is survival. As long as the Council is alive, they will be hunting what’s left of us right into the grave!”
He looked around at the rest of them. “We’ll rest here for a few hours. Then I’ll get to work on that tunnel.”
-.-
Chapter 54
Berilo slumped at his desk. He was alone in his office inside the Spire, looking over the reports from the attack on the Enclave. Each report was unequivocal: it was unlikely or impossible that any dwarves had survived the blast.
How could they have let this happen? The whole point of the attack was to infiltrate the keep, capture targets of interest, and then leave before the dwarves even knew they were there! This was precisely what Berilo had wanted to avoid! Now that the enemy spy was dead, the Ascendants should have been even more likely to succeed.
He sighed. Yes, they had captured the Hauld and a few others of value, but now the dwarves were gone. And with them, the concrete, visible enemy that had been so useful to him and to the Council all these years.
Berilo may have been born to power, and spent his adulthood cultivating that power, but he was no fool. He knew better than most people how to hold onto power: by stoking fear in those you rule. The dwarves had been extremely useful in that manner. The stra’tchi were easy enough to control through faith and superstition, but whenever the Sustained population started to get riled up, all the Council had to do was point the finger at the Enclave and wait for their indignation to be forgotten!
There was a soft knock at the door, and then it creaked open. His aide stepped inside and waited respectfully. “Yes what is it, Prenim?” Berilo asked tiredly.
“My liege… one of the Ascendants has requested an audience with you. I told him you were indisposed, but he was quite insistent. To an insubordinate degree, in fact.”
Berilo rubbed at his eyes for a moment. “Did he say what he wants?”
“He did not, my liege. Should I have him sent away?”
Whatever it was was apparently important. At least in the Ascendant’s opinion. Berilo shook his head and beckoned at the doorway. Prenim nodded through the door and a young man stepped inside as well.
He was still in uniform, and tall for a soldier. His shaven head had nearly bumped on the door as he’d come in. “Your name, soldier?”
“Ascendant Cadet Koba Weaver, sir,” he responded, standing at attention.
Berilo stood and made his way around the desk. “And why have you paid me a visit this fine day?” He continued sardonically.
Weaver glanced over at Prenim. “It’s… a private matter, sir. Something best brought to you alone.” That piqued Berilo’s interest. A practically grass-green recruit, ignoring his entire chain of command and going straight to the top? Unusual, to say the least.
It was possible this was some kind of assassination plot on behalf of another House, but that seemed unlikely. Koba had been disarmed before even coming here, and he probably didn’t know about the hidden daggers Berilo kept in his tunic—nor the fact that he knew how to use them. And he did look agitated in addition to determined. With a tight smile Berilo gestured at Prenim again, and the aide quietly left and closed the door behind him.
“Have a seat,” Berilo gestured, this time trying at least a little to disguise his sarcasm. As much of a waste of time this was probably going to be, he might as well observe the niceties.
Weaver sat in front of the desk warily, as if he might be here for a dressing-down. Berilo tried to moderate his tone accordingly. “Now, how about you tell me why you’re here, cadet?”
“Yes sir,” the young man nodded. “Well, the Ascendant Commander assigned me to be part of the attack on the Enclave yesterday. Not as an actual combatant, mind you. I’ve completed my training but I’ve never seen combat yet. I was to stay inside the threads and watch the main gate to the keep. When the attack was over, I was to report everything I’d seen to my supervisor, but…”
Berilo waited for him to go on, but he just swallowed nervously. “Tell me what you saw, cadet,” he prompted the young man.
“The attack went ahead as planned, sir,” he said a little more confidently. “The other teams breached the keep’s underground entrances and sealed them with sparkpowder blasts. One of them closed the keep gate from the inside and barred it, keeping out any possible dwarven reinforcements. I did see their giant try to open them from the outside, and then try to climb the wall, but he gave up after a bit and went around the wall to the left.”
Berilo grimaced. He didn’t like being reminded of just how completely his daughter had failed. If she’d done her job, neither his son’s killer nor the giant would still be among the living. But now wasn’t the time to dwell.
“Just after that, a group of reinforcements did arrive, though,” the cadet went on, oblivious. “Humans, not dwarves. I recognized the heretic with them, sir. I’d heard about what happened to his hands, and it was definitely him. They met with the giant, and then, well, I’m not sure how to describe it.”
Weaver gave him a helpless look. “The heretic put his arm’s stump against the gate—this was after he’d taken off the metal hand he was wearing—and then pushed his arm into it, sir. I know it sounds like I’ve been touched, but I swear by Aquun it’s what I saw!”
For a moment Berilo’s mind flashed back to what his daughter had told him about the heretic, and then to the scene outside the water tower. His suspicion over the cadet’s motivations faded as his curiosity rose. He nodded at the young man to continue.
“Once his arm was through the gate, he began drawing a wide circle with it. The parts that he touched were just… gone. Before long he’d cut a hole right through the steel, big enough for each of the others! And they weren’t surprised by it, either. They caught the bits he didn’t… disappear with his arm.”
He took a deep breath, looking still more relieved that his Lord Ascendant apparently believed him. “They went through the hole and I lost sight of them after that, but a few minutes later, a patrol came up behind them. I didn’t recognize the Ascendant in command, but he had some guards with him. They went through the hole as well. I couldn’t hear what they were saying of course, but there was some kind of standoff, and then the heretic and the other rebels just vanished! Just like he did up at the north end of the city, from what I’ve heard. But that’s not the fullness of it, sir.”
He looked a little green at this point. “I didn’t see the fight itself, but I did look at the patrol’s bodies after they left. Their heads—they were all cleaved clean off their bodies! Aside from the Ascendant, whose head was bashed in with a rock. But the only rebel who had a sword was the giant, and I don’t think even he could chop off six heads from six armed guards at the same time! It must have been the heretic. He did something to them—some sorcery I’ve never heard of! How else could they have escaped unhurt?”
“And you stayed inside the threads this whole time?” Berilo asked quietly.
“I didn’t know what else to do, sir! I’d been ordered to wait at the gate and watch, and that’s what I did!”
“Calm down, cadet. I wasn’t criticizing, just asking. The bodies… are they still there outside what’s left of the keep?”
Weaver shook his head. “No, sir. An hour or so later, before my replacement arrived, the heretic came back alone. He touched his arm to the bodies and they disappeared, as if he’d threaded them, too! Then he poured some sparkpowder on the hole in the door and set it off. That one took a while for him without hands, but he definitely wanted to do that alone, or he would have gotten help. After that, it looked like the gate had been blasted open. I guess he didn’t want anyone to know what he’d done,” he concluded, looking back up at Berilo.
“Does anyone else know?” Berilo asked him quickly. “Aside from myself, have you told anyone what you saw?”
“No sir. I told my replacement the blood on the ground was from the initial attack, and that the dwarves had blasted the gate open before running in to their deaths. I wasn’t sure what to say, but as soon as I was able to leave without suspicion, I came here to tell you and you alone!”
“But why not inform your superior? Why take it all the way to me first?”
Weaver swallowed again. “Well, sir… if this is some new weapon the heretic can use, it was important you know about it right away. I didn’t want to risk telling anyone—I’ve heard rumors that there are some spies inside the Ascendant ranks, working for the dwarves, and now for the surviving rebels, I guess.” He looked up, concerned. “Are you saying I should have, though? Told my superiors, I mean.”
“No! No, you did exactly the right thing coming to me, cadet,” Berilo stood up and came around the desk. “You were faced with an unexpected situation, and you thought clearly and correctly in how to handle it. I commend you, son. You’re exactly the sort of soldier we need protecting this city.”
Weaver smiled nervously, and then bowed briefly as Berilo walked behind him nearer the closed door. “Thank you, my liege. I did what I thought was best.”
“Which is why this is such a shame,” Berilo said sadly. Before the young man could ask, Berilo seized his neck and shoulders with his right arm in an iron grip. Quick as blinking, he drew a dagger with his left hand and stuck it into Weaver’s chest.
Weaver was younger and stronger, but caught completely by surprise. He tried to cry out, but Berilo’s grip on his throat was too tight. Blood sprayed from Weaver’s chest, coating both Berilo’s arm and parts of the desk as he held the young man back to keep him from standing up.
The struggle didn’t last long, though. After a few more moments he sagged in the chair, and Berilo let go. Weaver’s head lolled to the left, his empty stare encompassing the far wall.
Berilo straightened slowly, noting after the fact that his breathing had barely changed. It had been a long time, but it seemed he hadn’t lost his edge. He pulled his dagger out, releasing more blood, and wiped it on the unfortunate cadet’s shirt. “It really is a pity. I could have used more like you.”
There was blood on his tunic, too. Berilo sighed. He opened the door a hair, and called out for Prenim. Predictably, his aide was only moments away. His eyes only widened slightly at the carnage inside, before he looked expectantly over at Berilo. “Yes, my liege?”
Berilo plucked at his shirt. “Get me some clothes from my chambers, and a bucket of washwater too. The same color and cut as these, so no one can tell. As for him,” he paused, “there are still members from several different houses in the Spire. Wait until they’ve gone home, and then have this cleaned up. No one knew he was coming here, so covering it up shouldn’t be hard. I suggest you blame it on the dwarves. There still might be survivors from the Enclave, and he would be a convenient target for retribution. Or make something up on your own; I don’t care.”
Prenim nodded and left quietly. This wasn’t the first time he’d had conceal evidence of a murder—though it was the first time it was one of Berilo’s kills. Berilo wasn’t concerned about this getting out. This news about the heretic, though… that was concerning. What other secrets was that young man hiding?
-.-
Even though it had been his idea, it didn’t look like Arico was going to get any sleep. He just sat there in his corner of the Hideaway, staring out into space like before. At least until Nemith and Endu approached him and they started talking quietly. Jaas went towards them hesitantly at first, but then with more confidence. She couldn’t ignore what they were about to do, not if there was a chance she could talk them out of it.
“The Hideaway won’t stay secret forever,” Arico was saying to them as she approached. “Eventually we’ll all have to split up and hide in Sustained patches. We’ll need papers for everyone. Those of us who have stra’tchi patch marks will have to be extra careful, too,” he added, looking at Endu briefly.
“I’ve already got people working on forgeries for Transit Passes and housing records,” Nemith said quickly. “Don’t worry. By the time we abandon this place, everyone will have somewhere to go.”
“I can’t believe it’s just over!” Endu said, looking down at the floor. “We spent years and years hoping and praying and struggling in service to the movement, and now what? We’re just set back to the beginning?”
“No,” Arico said firmly. “No, it’s not the beginning. It’s the end.”
He looked over at Nemith. “I’ve been thinking about the Spire. I might have a better way of carrying out the Hauld’s standing orders. A way of wiping out the Council without tunnels or explosives at all.”
Jaas’ brief surge of hope that he might be changing his mind faded, but Nemith leaned forward with interest. “What did you have in mind?”
“With my new abilities, I should be able to thread the Spire itself, while the Council is still inside. We won’t need any of the sparkpowder or any other weapons, because I am the weapon,” he said darkly, his face just as grim as his voice.
Nemith and Endu exchanged glances. “You mean like you did to the keep’s gate, and to the Ascendants who attacked us?”
Arico nodded. “There’s a catch, though. I can pull the threads through my own body, and use them to stop bullets, as you’ve seen. But for some reason I always pull them from the nearest side of any patch. I can choose how far up, or down, or to the side I pull from, but I can’t seem to reach out to any of the other three sides. That’s gonna be a problem, since the Spire itself is right smack in the middle of Sevvas patch! I won’t be able to pull the threads from the other side of it.” He sighed briefly. “Even if I was down in the tunnel underneath the Spire, I couldn’t do it. There are no threads directly above it for me to pull on.”
Jaas had wondered about the placement of the Spire. At first she’d been sure it was just an aesthetic choice for the Lord Ascendant who’d started construction so long ago. A domineering symbol of authority and power for anyone who saw it. Why else would he put the Spire in the middle, and put the courtyard, manor, barracks and temple equally spaced out around it?
Now she wasn’t so sure. Was it possible that people back then had been able to pull on the threads as well, and that the placement of the Spire was to defend against exactly this kind of attack? Halseus had known exactly what Arico could do, and had offered to tell him what he needed to know, if he’d taken that special vow. That suggested that these kinds of abilities had cropped up in the past.
They sat quietly for a moment thinking about it, and eventually Endu was the first to break the silence. “Can’t you just cut into the side of the Spire, though? Nemith said you cut right through the keep’s gate when you were trying to get there.”
“I could,” Arico admitted, “but the Spire is a very large building. It would take a while for me to destroy the building, and even longer to get to the Council chambers. I’d be spotted pretty early on, and they’d have plenty of time to escape.”
He paused. “There might be another way to do this, though. If I’m already inside the Spire, I should be able to pull on all four sides at the same time. Then I can bring the whole building down at once!”
Nemith shook his head. “So we’re back to the same problem we faced months ago after you and Sabra raided the Spire for sparkpowder. Now that they’ve enhanced their security after your last attack, how do you plan on getting inside the Spire without being spotted?”
“I don’t,” Arico answered slowly. “I’m going to surrender to them.”
Sabra must have been listening as well, because he dropped the bowl of soup being handed to him, and gave them an incredulous look from over by the fire. Jaas knew how he felt. After all this time, and effort, and death, he was just going to give up? In its own way, that idea sounded even worse than the mass murder.
“Hear me out,” Arico said earnestly. “We make contact with the Council, and offer a trade: myself for the Hauld and Durhu. They probably won’t go for it, but either way they’ll take me into custody. None of the Sustained know that I can use the threads as a weapon yet—anyone who saw me in action is now dead. They’ll lock me up under the Spire. From there, I can tear that whole place to pieces!”
Nemith grunted, and Endu looked just as skeptical. “Yeah, burying yourself under the rubble along with everyone else!”
“Maybe not,” Arico insisted. “Aquun willing, I’ll be able to jump into the threads quickly enough to avoid being crushed. Besides, even if I don’t, at least this way you’ll still have that sparkpowder to use for later. It’s valuable stuff—you might need it!”
“This could work,” Nemith admitted. “Even if you fail, we should get another chance to use the sparkpowder later on. When would you want to make this trade, though?”
“He’s not!” Jaas cut in, feeling sick at the very thought. “Arico, there’s no way you can just turn yourself in to the Council. Think about the message that would send to the rest of the movement. You’re the most visible symbol for freedom we’ve got left!”
“The movement is dead, Jaas!” Arico exclaimed loudly, and the quiet conversation from the others in the room ceased. “What will it take to convince you of that? The rest of us dying too?”
He stared at her for a long moment, and for the first time in a while, Jaas didn’t have anything to say. He was angry and frustrated of course, but underneath all that all she could hear was despair. Almost as if he’d read her mind, Arico continued but in a softer voice. “I’m willing to risk dying, as long as I can help the Hauld and Durhu in the process. Turning myself in is the only possible way the Council might let them go. Any rescue attempt would get them killed, and if I don’t offer the Council something, they’re going to execute them anyway!”
He turned to Nemith again. “I want you to write a letter to the Lord Ascendant. Tell him I want to arrange a trade, at noon tomorrow, on top of the overwatch tower. It’s the highest point in the city, and the easiest place for navigators to escape if things go wrong. Tell him I don’t care how many Ascendants he brings along, but that both the Hauld and Durhu had better be there alive and unharmed, or there will be no trade.”
Giving him a brief nod, Nemith went to get some parchment. As he did, Arico looked over at Endu. “That potion you’ve been working on—did you ever finish it?”
Endu’s eyes widened for a moment, and she glanced over at Jaas. “I did, but it was in my lab, inside the keep. It was probably crushed along with everything else.”
Jaas had no idea what potion they were talking about, but based on Endu’s behavior it had something to do with Jaas herself. “Can you brew another one?” Arico went on implacably.
“I—probably.” She said, still sounding surprised. “All the ingredients were in the keep as well, though. Wait, I did have some extra supplies in my dwelling in the Fishbowl! They should still be there. If you can spare a navigator, I can go back and grab what I need.”
Arico shook his head. “There are still a lot of wounded here who could use your help. Just get me a list of what you need and where to get it. It should be safer for me to do it anyway; if there are still Ascendants poking around I can get out of there in a hurry.” He gave Jaas a sidelong look. “You didn’t have any of your notes when we found you. I assume you hid them under the fireplace in your dwelling?”
Jaas nodded, a little surprised. Somehow she’d been under the impression that the secret compartment would have been kept secret even from Arico, but apparently Chanul had told him as well.
“We’ll grab your notes on the way, then,” Arico continued. “We should also bring some Waters there for Codi. He won’t leave his dwelling, and he’s probably getting thirsty by now.”
“Arico… you know I never got the chance to test the potion, right?” Endu said slowly. “I don’t know if it’ll even work!”
“I know,” he said calmly. “Still, it’s better than nothing. Go on, please.”
Endu nodded and stepped away as well. Finally, Arico turned back to Jaas. “I assume you’re going to keep trying to talk me out of my mad plan. I could use a pair of hands to help me move supplies. If you’re willing to combine both tasks, I’ll take you along,” he looked up at the light still filtering down from above, “but we’d better wait for nightfall before we get started.”
He paused again, and his voice flattened even further than before. “Or perhaps even later than that. There is something that all of us will want to do, first.”
-.-
Part 4: The Truth within Truths
Chapter 55
They gathered together later that night, all funneling out of the Hideaway in a long line. Even some of the wounded came along with a little help. Jaas was tempted to ask what was going on, but there was such a deep silence in the group that for some reason she felt it was important not to speak.
Arico and Nemith took them all through the threads, to some patch she’d never seen before: a heavily built-up but obviously abandoned city patch. Hopefully abandoned, anyway. They led the way uphill between the dilapidated buildings, navigating by starlight only. The moon was only a sliver now, barely able to show them the way. The lunar cycle and the New Day cycle were off by a pretty wide margin.
It was cold, too. Jaas resisted the urge to shiver, and pulled her travelling robe even tighter around herself. Arico had made sure she had it before they left, and now she knew why.
Up ahead she could make out a mound in the dim light. It looked like a cairn at first, but as they got closer she could tell that it was actually a pyre. From the faint odor she could detect as they formed a circle around it, Jaas guessed that it had been soaked in some combination of pine resin and sulfur. She’d heard of such liquids being used in previous Tumults to burn people alive.
With a scraping noise, Nemith struck a tinder twig and lit up a torch. He spread the flame to a few more torches, and before long they had adequate light to see each other. His features were set as a stone, just like Arico’s. Suddenly Jaas knew what this was. She’d read about the dwarven ceremony as a child, but she’d never seen one for herself. Like most dwarven rituals, it was likely to be short and to the point, but deeply meaningful in the process.
“There are no goti priests left alive to speak at this kind of ceremony,” Arico said suddenly. “I was taught the basics though, and I’ll try to do them justice.” He stepped forward towards the pyre, and pulled his prosthetic hand from his robe’s right-side pocket. In it he was carrying a toy gun, whittled out of wood and very old from the looks of it.
“The Hauld gave me this years ago,” he said with a bittersweet smile. “It was just before Durhu and I moved to Tellek patch. I barely remember the move itself, but this-” he hefted the toy, “-this I remember clearly. Chanul had one just like it, and we played together many times. When I was little, I always looked forward to visiting the Enclave so I could see him again.”
He leaned down and tapped the plate on his prosthetic, dropping the gun onto the pyre. “Ash’ama athor delaiko. Let the ancestors smile upon this gift, and carry it swiftly to those who carry its spirit.”
To his right, Nemith stepped in as well. He was carrying a stout pewter cup. “Otrul gave me this five years ago, when I first visited his dwelling. I couldn’t count the number of drinks we shared over the years. He could always hold his own better than I could, and his cup was even bigger than mine! He…” Nemith trailed off at that, and sighed. “He’d know what to say, better than I ever could.”
Nemith put the cup down on the pyre as well. “Ash’ama athor delaiko. Let the ancestors smile upon this gift, and carry it swiftly to those who carry its spirit.”
Sabra was to his right. He stood up straight to a surprising height in the darkness. It made sense—he probably didn’t get to stand up straight very often, living in dwarven housing and now in the Hideaway. Without a word he reached back caught the end of his hair. It took some minor effort, but it looked like he was removing something from his braid. It was the metal clasp from the tip of his braid. He stared at it for a moment, before speaking in a low voice.
“When dwarven healer lady pulled bullets from Sabra, she had them melted down. Made into this clasp. Like Sabra’s scars, it measures victories won, and harm done. When she gave it to Sabra, it was a shock. Sabra never knew before, just how… alike dwarves could be to Sabra. She understood, even better than Sabra’s sister, what it meant to be a warrior. Even she, who’d never killed anyone or risked her life even once, could understand Sabra.” He tossed the clasp onto the pyre as well. “Ash’ama athor delaiko. Let the ancestors smile upon this gift, and carry it swiftly to those who carry its spirit.”
And so it went on, one after another. Endu and the boys were next, and they stepped forward together, according to dwarven tradition. She left a box on the pyre, unopened, and didn’t say what was in it, exactly. Jaas remembered seeing the box in the dwelling Alzhi shared with them when he wasn’t on duty. Obviously it carried significant meaning to him.
Nemith’s family was after them, and then Taen, and so on and so forth. Since she was on Arico’s left side, Jaas realized she would be last. With a concerned breath, she also realized she had nothing to place on the pyre!
Arico must have seen the change in her stance. Before she could even begin to panic, he leaned over. “Check your pockets,” he whispered. She did so, and smiled with relief. So that was the real reason Arico had insisted she take this travelling robe. As usual, he thought of everything.
When it was finally her turn, Jaas stepped forward and pulled out the wooden coin, holding it up for the others. “When I first met the Hauld, he called me ‘the pebble in the pond’, because of all the ripples I was causing. I could tell, right from the start, that we would get along. We had a lot in common, and could talk for hours. Still, I don’t think I ever really had his respect, not until he gave me this.” She sighed, thinking back to those days. “When I finished my basic combat training, and Otrul brought me to see him, I knew I’d finally earned a place in the Enclave. This coin was my badge of accomplishment.” Once again that feeling of loss, which she’d been avoiding for more than a day, crashed in on her all at once. Feeling sick to her stomach, Jaas placed the coin down next to the other offerings. “Ash’ama athor delaiko. Let the ancestors smile upon this gift, and carry it swiftly to those who carry its spirit.”
“Pesali athor gehe’nos tavak,” Arico said somberly after she’d stepped back into the circle. “We give thanks to the ancestors for letting us know their children.”
They all bowed their heads for a moment, and then Arico nodded to Nemith. He touched his torch to the edge, and the flames spread rapidly in a circle, and then up into the center of the pyre. The blaze sent out a wave of heat, as if the dwarves themselves were reaching out of the fire to embrace them all.
-.-
Just as he’d predicted, the Fishbowl patch appeared to be completely abandoned the next morning when they arrived. Arico kept a watchful eye all the same, though. There could still be enemy soldiers hiding somewhere inside the Fishbowl itself, waiting to ambush anyone looking for survivors. Fortunately they didn’t have far to go. Endu’s dwelling was near the top of the Bowl. It was larger than his, naturally, having been meant for a family of four.
That thought was painful as well. He’d seen the look on the boys’ faces when Nemith had told them about Alzhi, and then again at the ceremony last night. Endu’s expression had been deadpan as usual, but even she’d shown signs of strain when she’d heard the news. Her husband and the love of her life was gone. Even a stone could cry at that.
“Can we talk now?” Jaas cut into his thoughts as they made their way uphill. “You know, about maybe coming up with a plan that doesn’t involve wholesale slaughter and massive risk?”
She was carrying four large canteens strung around her neck for Codi, and he had four more around his own neck. Assuming the others were able to relocate safely into the Sustained patches, they’d provide more for him before he ran out again.
“This is the plan, Jaas. The Hauld left his orders, and I have no intention of disobeying them,” Arico responded shortly. All of a sudden he was starting to regret bringing her along. He could have gotten almost anyone to help him with this, after all. He sped up a little.
“You’re really comfortable with this?” She insisted, easily keeping pace with him. Her endurance training in action, no doubt. “You’re fine with just demolishing a whole building and killing dozens of people? I suppose that’s not really an issue, as long as your friends get out, right? Hell, even your sister will be fine! She might even be able to watch from the manor as you slaughter her father and consort at the same time!”
Arico growled. “I don’t want to hurt the Clarion. He’s a good man—one of the few people who’s actually earned the trust of the people instead of just inheriting it. But he is sworn to the Council, and I can’t spare him without letting them escape!”
“What about the example you’d be setting, then?” Jaas stepped in front of him. “For months now, you’ve been telling both stra’tchi and Sustained alike that one day they can live in peace. That they’re strong enough to stand up to the Council and win their freedom. They might have to fight at some point, but only in self-defense! If you carry out this… assassination, you’re proving that everything you have said—and what I’ve said as well—is a lie!”
“That’s because it was!” He snapped angrily. “I was wrong, Jaas! There never was a peaceful solution here. The Council was never going to just let the stra’tchi go free, any more than the dwarves were going to obey the Pact forever. Eventually one side or another would take action, and we’d have a city-wide Tumult on our hands. I was just telling myself that we could do this peacefully, but deep down I knew this was inevitable.”
Jaas took a deep breath, refusing to back away despite his anger. In a strange way, Arico could respect that, even if it showed more stubbornness than common sense on her part. “This isn’t just about following the Hauld’s orders though, is it?” She asked suspiciously. “I’ve seen you deal with disaster before, remember? When Tellek was poisoned, you were upset. You were angry, and you were beside yourself with worry about any possible survivors!”
She was quiet for another few moments, apparently thinking it over. “It was the same when the Beast attacks started all over the city. When you lost your hands, you lied to me and said it was all fine, but at least you spoke to Chanul and the Hauld about it! This time is different, though. Now you sound as if you’re just lost. As if none of this matters to you anymore. That’s not the Arico I know!”
“Then maybe you don’t know me as well as you thought, Jaas,” he answered tiredly. “Just leave it alone, please. It’s none of your concern how I behave, not anymore.”
“Isn’t it? We’re partners, remember,” she said sharply. “We’ve been working together for months, side by side, for the same goals. As your partner, I can’t just let this go. I’m going to keep on yapping at you until you open up; you know that.” He could hear the wry humor in her voice at that last bit, but ignored it.
She sighed. “Trying to save Durhu and the Hauld I get—that’s exactly what you’d want to do. But why do I also get the feeling that you don’t plan on coming back from the Spire? That you’re just gonna let that building fall on you and be done with it?”
“Because you’re perceptive,” he growled back at her.
That shut her up, if only for a moment. When she started up again, it was in a much softer voice. “What happened to you back at the keep, Arico? Or was it something earlier, from your mission where you found Alzhi’s body? What did they do to you?”
“It’s not what they did, Jaas!” He bit out, stopping and turning to face her. “It’s what I did! I killed them all. I just… cut them down where they stood!”
Thankfully they were still out of sight of the top of the Fishbowl. If there were enemies around, that’s where they’d be waiting. Arico didn’t want to have any deep, feelings-based discussions and dodge Ascendants at the same time. He didn’t want to talk at all, really, but Jaas was just as stubborn as she claimed.
“You mean those Ascendants who were holding me hostage?” Jaas asked. “You did what you had to back there. You saved my life—again, and you did give them a warning beforehand. What else could you have done?”
Arico shook his head. “It wasn’t them. This was earlier, before we got back here to the Fishbowl.” He closed his eyes, and could still see the dust billowing out from the collapsed tunnel. “The keep had just been destroyed. Like, seconds before. We were about to come here to rescue the Fishbowlers, but we were confronted by an enemy patrol. That’s when I did it. I used the threads as a weapon, Jaas! I pulled them right through my enemies, and cut six of them down in an instant. Only their navigator survived, and Sabra took him down almost as easily.”
He hesitantly looked her in the eyes again. He was half expecting her to be shocked or disgusted. Perhaps now she would see the monster that he saw in the mirror, but she didn’t flinch or look away. She only cocked her head to the side a bit. “They were under the Council’s orders, right? They were trying to kill you. It’s the same situation. You took lives in order to save lives.”
The same situation. Arico could only laugh cynically. “They were no threat to us anymore, Jaas! They had all fired already, and even if they’d tried to reload, it would have taken a few seconds. I could have easily gotten us all out of there, but I chose to massacre them first!”
He felt his gut twist again, as if he was back there, but was only now thinking about what he was doing, and why. Back then all he’d been feeling was horror and rage. Now all he could feel was remorse. “I always believed that I was special, you know? I believed that Aquun had chosen me for some great purpose in life. At first I thought it was because of my bloodline and my position with the Hauld. I could use the advantages of my birth and my upbringing to honor Aquun and to help the people of this city. It seemed fitting; Aquun is the giver of all life, after all. She provided us with the Waters in the first place!”
Jaas looked a little uncomfortable, as she always did when the people here spoke of Aquun, but she didn’t interrupt. Apparently she could sense just how important this was to him.
Arico shook his head. “She gave me these abilities, Jaas. Aquun blessed me with the power to preserve life. The very first time I used it, when Heartbane attacked, I saved you! Later, on top of that water tower, I saved the whole city, and all it cost me was my hands! But now… I’ve used her gift to kill people! I’ve defiled my purpose, and her gift to me.”
He’d never really been at ease talking about himself or his emotions, but Arico still felt the need to keep on speaking. “The worst part was how easy it was.” He looked back at her, and her damn sympathetic eyes. “Did you ever see the Hauld’s grass-cutting machine? It was pretty simple: the motion of the wheels spun the blades.” Jaas nodded, looking a little confused.
“Killing those men was just as easy as cutting that grass, Jaas! I just mowed them down, like they were just blades of grass in my way!”
He gripped his head tightly, as if he could somehow keep his thoughts and feelings from leaking out. “It shouldn’t be easy to kill people, Jaas! It should take effort, and time. You shouldn’t just be able to point at a bunch of people and kill them all in just a few seconds!”
Arico could still hear it. That sickening noise they’d made as they’d come apart. What Sabra had done to the navigator afterwards had barely even registered. At least that had needed a good aim and some force behind the throw!
“If I can save the Hauld and Durhu, great, but I deserve to die either way,” he said dully. “I’m a murderer, and I belong with the Shemra.” With a grunt he turned away again, and sat down in the tallgrass. Jaas followed his example after a moment.
At first she didn’t seem to have anything to say, but before long she slowly reached out and touched his face, turning him to face her. “I don’t know if this ability of yours is a divine gift or not, Arico. I’ve never really put much thought into it. I do think I understand now what’s really bothering you.”
She shook her head. “Some experiences… are so far beyond normal that they change who you are. Afterwards, you know how you should feel, but you just can’t. You know who you should be, but you aren’t. At first I thought that experience was the destruction of the keep, but now I know it’s what you did, rather than what was done to you. You know that you’re different now, and you think that you’ve become some kind of monster, but you’re wrong! Durhu and the Hauld raised a good person; trust me. You can’t let that one moment—that one mistake—wipe out everything they tried to teach you! No matter what you or the Hauld intended, you can’t guarantee every outcome. There’s always an element of chance, and you’ve just drawn a low card. This is just the first time your principles have truly been put to the test, that’s all.”
Arico let out another cynical grunt. “You don’t know how this feels. You couldn’t possibly understand.”
“But I do.”
Jaas sighed and looked up at the sky. “Two days ago at about this time I was in my dwelling, using a knife to cut up vegetables for dinner. Then just a few hours later I was using that very same knife to stab an Ascendant in the neck! I remember feeling the same terror and rage during the attack that you must have felt. I remember the noise he made when he fell, and the look in his eyes, and I remember how it felt to watch him bleed to death on the floor! Sure, he totally deserved it; he was trying to-” She paused for a moment.
“It doesn’t matter. The feeling was the same. I never thought I could kill someone, even in self-defense, but it turns out I could—and it was easy, too. I can still see his face when I close my eyes… and that’s something I will have to live with for the rest of my days.”
Arico felt a surge of shame that for once had nothing to do with his own killings. He’d known something had happened to her, from the blood on her face and neck, but he’d been so focused on himself that he hadn’t spared even a moment to think about what she might be going through. So much for being a considerate and aware leader.
“I also know why you want to end it all, Arico,” she went on implacably. “I felt the same way, back when they were escorting me towards the threads. I planned on throwing myself into the threads before anyone could stop me. I told myself it was for good reasons: so the Council couldn’t learn what I know, and use it against the stra’tchi and the movement. I almost convinced myself it would be a noble end, just like you’re trying to convince yourself now! But we both know the truth. What we’re experiencing is guilt, plain and simple. We don’t like what we did, and what it says about us, and we want to escape that feeling any way we can!”
Jaas grabbed his chin again, and looked him in the eyes. “I got over that impulse, and I’m just a cowardly scholar from Satacha. You’re the gods-blessed leader of a whole revolutionary movement! If I can deal with this crisis of self, then so can you!”
Arico had to admit she was right about his guilt. Perhaps not about the source of that guilt, though.
Now that she’d forced him to confront his actions, he could see them more clearly. He could envision the scene again, in his mind’s eye. It was almost like the recreation Jaas had made for him, which had helped him unlock Aquun’s gift.
What had he been feeling back there? When he’d been facing seven enemies, guns drawn, what had been in his heart? When he’d stopped their shots, and saw them gape in disbelief, why had he gone further?
He had been horrified, yes, and enraged at the Ascendants for attacking the Enclave and killing so many. There was more to it, though. He hadn’t slaughtered those men out of anger, or a desire for retribution. Now he could tell… he’d done it tactically. For the same reason he’d come back later, to thread their bodies and hide what he’d done to the gate itself. For the same reason he’d also gone to where Jaas had been rescued, and filled in those holes as best he could. Those men had seen what he could do, and he had to make sure they couldn’t tell their superiors.
A sick feeling formed in the pit of his stomach that had nothing to do with guilt. Seven men dead—no, thirteen, counting the guards who’d been holding Jaas—simply because they’d seen too much. Perhaps he had more in common with his enemies than he’d thought.
“You’re anything but cowardly, Jaas,” Arico told her faintly, trying not to dwell on that. “And you’re right, at least about some of what you said. I’m sorry I didn’t consider your situation as I should have. I had no idea you’d been through so much.” He slowly got back up from the ground—a surprisingly difficult task without hands. “I promise I’ll think about what you’ve said,” he continued sincerely, “but for now we’ve got work to do. Codi might be dangerous again, but if he tries anything I can get us to safety.”
-.-
“Why is this potion so important, anyway?” Jaas inquired from behind him, as they made their way back up the circular ramp on the inside of the Fishbowl. So far they’d seen no sign of enemies, and while there were ladders that were available to shorten the journey up, Arico wasn’t at all comfortable enough with his prosthetics to risk climbing one.
Codi had been glad to see them, and he was looking better himself. He claimed that Alya had been looking after him, but that she was out at the moment, naturally. Arico had promised that he or someone else would be back within a few days with more supplies, before he and Jaas had taken their leave. At least the poor man seemed all right for now.
“It was meant to be a surprise, actually,” he said apologetically as they continued their long, circular climb. “For you.”
Before she could ask, he changed the subject slightly. “Jaas, you’re the closest thing to an expert on the threads aside from Cartwright himself. You used magic to fool the threads into thinking you were an animal. That’s how you got through the outer threads at all—because fish and other underwater animals don’t get threaded like everything else. Tell me, what would happen if someone submerged a dead body in the Waters and tried to send it out of the city?”
“I suppose… it would make it through just fine,” she answered slowly, her brow furrowing a bit. “As long as it was entirely submerged and didn’t touch anything else on the way through, it would arrive intact. Just like the letters Lem and I send each other.”
“Well, this potion was Lem’s idea, actually. He agreed to help us test it when it was ready. I convinced him and Endu to keep it secret from you, in case it didn’t work. I didn’t want to get your hopes up.”
If anything, she looked even more confused. “Get my hopes up about what? What does the potion do?”
Despite the circumstances, Arico smiled slightly. “It’s a very powerful sleeping tonic. So powerful that it mimics death itself. Hopefully, it’ll be strong enough to fool the threads, just like your spell did when you first arrived.”
Jaas was silent for a while, apparently working it out. “You mean someone would drink it, and then basically go into a coma,” she said slowly, looking up again with a slow smile. “And then you’d push them underwater and out of the city? It sounds crazy… but that might just work!”
As usual, she went into her teaching mode as she thought through it aloud. “I’ve always surmised that the threads filter out people from animals by the fact that we can think in higher orders. If your potion is powerful enough to suppress even dreams, theoretically it could allow someone to leave. But you’d have to be very careful about the dosage. Too little and it might not be close enough to death to fool the threads. Too much, and you might just kill the person drinking it! There would also have to be someone on the other side to grab the subject quickly, or they would risk drowning. Plus someone on this side to weigh the subject down and make sure they get through without floating to the surface! There are a lot of variables to consider.”
Suddenly she reached out to stop him. “Endu said it wasn’t tested, though. Who did you have in mind to take the first dose? Me?”
Arico tried to spread his hands placatingly, before remembering. “Not exactly. Lem recommended that I find people who are dying, and therefore have little to lose, and offer the potion to them first. If they make it through, he can find magicians on the Outside who could heal them, and if they don’t… well at least their deaths could help us fine-tune the potion, and might help others in the future. We didn’t have time for any of those tests before the Enclave was destroyed, but I still want you to have the option, in case you need it.”
She only gave him a skeptical look, and Arico sighed. “Look, I knew you’d eventually want to present your findings to your superiors—in person. Unlike me, you actually do have a life outside of the city, and you’d probably want to get back to it at some point. Before the Enclave fell, I could be selfish and keep you close. Not only because you were valuable to the movement, but because I could protect you in turn. Even after I lost my hands, nothing changed because I could still use the threads to protect you. Unfortunately now that the dwarves are all gone, you no longer have a safe haven. You’re one of the most recognizable people in Patchwork, and no matter how we disguise you or where we hide you, chances are the Council will find you sooner rather than later. This potion may be your only chance at survival.”
He was laying it on a bit heavy, he knew, but somehow Arico was sure she could handle it. Jaas had learned to deal with life-or-death situations the hard way.
Strangely, Jaas wasn’t looking grim or determined as he had thought. She was giving him a strange little smile instead. Abruptly, she coughed and shook her head. “Uh… the Imbued can’t actually heal people, Arico. It’s kind of a long story, but those ‘magicians’ you mean would have to be from somewhere else than the Academy itself. I know a few places to look for them, though,” she paused and looked a bit surprised. “And I guess Lem does too, from the sound of it.”
“He’s very smart, Jaas,” Arico reminded her, still wondering about the abrupt change in subject. “I suppose he spent so much time in your shadow that you might have missed that.”
“Maybe so,” she admitted.
They’d arrived at Endu’s dwelling. Just like his own, it was a mess because they’d had to leave so quickly. Or possibly because she’d lived with two teenagers. Once again, Arico wondered how she’d gotten out in time. Maybe she’d been taking a walk like Sabra when the attack began, found one of the navigators escaping the attack, and left with them?
Jaas pulled out the list of ingredients, and began rummaging through Endu’s stores. Arico turned around, and vial after vial clinked into his backpack as she sorted through them. It wasn’t long before he realized she was bringing along much more than the list required, though.
“Jaas, what’s with the overpacking here?” He inquired casually. “We don’t need nearly this much.”
“Yes we do, if we want more than one potion,” her muffled voice filtered out through the cabinet as she leaned in further. “Because if this stuff works, you’re coming with me.”
-.-
Chapter 56
For months now, Jaas had been adjusting to her role as advisor and liaison to a revolutionary movement. Her other duties such as being a teacher or researcher had taken a back seat to her responsibilities to the movement itself. She’d grown used to the idea that she might be stuck here in Vasiriah for the rest of her days. It would have been a deeply depressing reality, if she hadn’t already had to fight for her life on several occasions. As it was, the constant distractions had kept her from pondering it too closely.
Now all of that had changed.
This potion of Endu’s might as well have been bottled hope. It represented not only a chance for her to go home again, but it gave a chance to the movement as well—though she apparently had to convince the others of that. It was risky, true, but she’d been taking risks since her first day here—why should today be any different?
“Why in Aquun’s name would I leave now of all times?” Arico asked predictably, back in the Hideaway. “Even if the potion works, and no offense to you, Endu, it might not,” he nodded apologetically to Endu, and she just shrugged in response. “Even so, my place is here.” He apparently didn’t remember that little slip of the tongue he’d made back in the abandoned Fishbowl. Interesting.
“Listen, Arico,” Jaas tried to moderate her tone. “This potion gives us new options that I’d never even considered before, because I didn’t think it would be possible to leave the city! Think about it: if we get out of the city, we can ask for help from my Imbued superiors back at the Bresorian Academy.” She paused as something else occurred to her. “In fact, you can demand aid from them! You’re a citizen of Vasiriah, and the Academy is still technically a vassal state to the Vasiri Empire! Legally, they’d have no choice but to help you!”
She let that sink in as she looked around the room. Most of the people here didn’t understand the gravity of what she was saying, of course, but she could tell they were getting the gist. As was Arico.
He shook his head anyway, though. “Jaas, it’s been over three hundred years since any of those laws were in use. I’ve studied enough of the histories to know how massively the laws here in Patchwork have changed in that time. Can you be sure—I mean absolutely sure—that your superiors will obey them? Even after all this time?”
Jaas bit her lip as she thought about it. He did have a point. Nobody had bothered to change the laws because no one had thought that there were any survivors in the city. Over time, self-interest had become the only real currency in the Academy. They might only assist… if they saw some benefit in it for themselves.
“Besides,” Nemith added in, “even if they were willing to help us, what could they do? They’re all wizards and magicians, right? If they came here to help us, they’d be as helpless as you were when you first arrived! Would you have come here at all, Jaas, if you knew that magic didn’t work inside the city?”
Another good point. “Probably not,” she admitted begrudgingly, “but we don’t need them to come into the city at all. All we need is their help in proving that people can leave the city safely! If we can demonstrate to the citizens here, both stra’tchi and Sustained, that it’s possible to evacuate the city, then the sky’s the limit!”
Again, Jaas was met with mostly surprised looks and blank stares. She hurried to explain. “There are vast tracts of land on the Outside, people! Imagine having all the room you want to plant crops and harvest them. Arico, you asked me once what rain felt like. Or what it was like to be in a thunderstorm—or a snowstorm. How many people all over the city would jump at the chance to leave, and experience those things?”
“The Council claimed that it was impossible to communicate with the Outside,” she continued excitedly. “They even built those grates on the north and south ends of the river to make sure nothing made it in or out accidentally! If we prove that people can leave the city safely, we’ll also prove the Council’s been lying this whole time. It would give hope to the people, and discredit the Council in the process!”
It was clear that Arico was definitely not the only person with a longing to see the Outside. Even in this room, full of mostly former Sustained who weren’t farmers themselves, Jaas could see people’s eyes brighten at the prospect of having more than enough farmland to feed each other, and not just barely enough to keep their own patch fed—especially after the Council’s “Ritual of the Waters” taxation had siphoned off a good portion of their crops. Even Sabra looked intrigued by the possibilities, if she wasn’t misreading his mangled features.
“This is all assuming the potion works, though,” Arico brought her back down to earth, suddenly and jarringly.
“Well… yes,” she said slowly, feeling her breathing steady slightly. She’d gotten a bit ahead of herself there, with all the possibilities. “As soon as Endu’s done, we should go to the edge of the city. I’ll take the first potion, and then you’ll push me through to the other side. If I make it, Lem will revive me and we’ll send a message back saying I’m safe. If not, well at least you’ll know the second potion won’t work.”
Arico and Nemith exchanged a dark look, and Jaas could tell what they were thinking. They certainly wanted more time to test this brew, to see if it was safe, but time was in short supply right now. “How long until the potions are ready?” Arico asked softly.
“They’ve only just started cooking,” Endu said irritably, gesturing to the fire in the middle of the room, above which several glass containers were currently suspended. “It’ll be four hours, at least, before I can even start measuring doses based on body weight! Remember, this has to be just right, or you’ll both die one way or another.”
“I understand. I’ll try not to rush you.” He looked over at Nemith. “That trade request letter I asked you to write. Have you sent it off yet?” It took Jaas a moment to remember what he was talking about. Ah, yes, the hostage exchange: Arico for the Hauld and Durhu.
Nemith shook his head. “I wrote it up just like you wanted, but I didn’t send it. I figured you’d want to look at it first.”
“I will, but don’t send it off just yet,” he said with just the barest trace of a smile. “We might have a better option before us.”
Jaas felt a profound sense of relief at that. Arico finally seemed to be on the path to recovery! As scary as nearly being raped or killed had been, somehow seeing this bastion of optimism and determination acting suicidal had been even worse. She didn’t know if it was anything she’d said or done, though. Perhaps it had been the memorial—or the time taken to deal with the loss they all felt right now. She might never know for sure.
-.-
For what seemed like the millionth time, Lem sat cross-legged while staring into a pool of water. Or half a pool, anyway. The mostly spherical hole he’d excavated was intersected by the barriers themselves, half in and half out of the city. He was tempted to slip into the water and soothe his drying skin, but he didn't want to risk destroying the next message container by pushing it into the threads. No, he’d best just sit and wait.
Concern knotted his dorsal clusters and tightened his features slightly. He was used to trading information with Jaas and Arico on a weekly basis, but they’d missed the last scheduled letter exchange. As per their long-agreed-upon protocols, that meant he would come back at the same time every day until he did hear from them. He had suggested pitching a tent here to save time and energy going back and forth, but Jaas had nixed that idea. Technically, all the lands surrounding Vasiriah were still off-limits. The danger he would be arrested for trespassing was minimal because the patrols rarely got this close to the city, but Jaas didn’t want him to risk it. So here he was, at the special hole they’d dug to avoid detection by these… Ascendants they were so worried about. Waiting.
He’d read the letters from both Jaas and Arico with increasing interest and concern. Ever since she’d vanished into that inky blackness, the only sign of her had been those letters, so he’d read them again, and again, and again. Before, his entire career had been assisting Jaas in her research concerning the barriers. Now, his entire life was just serving as a lifeline for her. Sending and receiving letters through the barriers. Translating the Uatoni notes she’d so carefully recorded. Storing everything in a safe place back at the Academy. And worrying himself sick he may never see her again.
The pool rippled in front of him, jolting him out of his morbid thought patterns. Finally—something was coming through! Lem reached into the water and pulled out… a ball. It was large, maybe two hands across. An Ona ball. Lem recognized it from the descriptions he’d been given.
Lem’s breathing quickened and his hearts beat faster against each other. That had been Arico’s pre-arranged signal. An Ona ball meant the next thing coming through would be a person, and not an object! Scrambling to his feet, he waded into the pool and stared into that black abyss carefully.
It was too soon! He had helped their apothecary, Endu, arrange the ingredients to that sleeping potion, but to his knowledge they hadn’t tested it yet. Once again he wondered just what in the gods’ names was going on, on the other side of that barrier.
There. A form was coming through the barriers—a human form. It was Jaas!
He was careful to let her slip completely through the barrier before grabbing her and lifting her out of the water. She was totally out of it, of course—that was how the potion worked. Torn between worry and excitement, Lem carefully placed her on the grass and grabbed for his pack. The antidote was in there somewhere.
He carefully lowered a few drops of it from the glass vial into her open mouth, and then waited tensely. No effect. Was she gone? Gah! Cursing himself, he remembered to massage her throat so the liquid would actually go down. Pescah didn’t have the same kind of gullet that humans did, so it hadn’t occurred to him at first. It was a good thing he’d paid attention while taking those comparative species classes.
Tensely, he waited another few moments, and then Jaas coughed loudly! Expelling a massive breath of relief, Lem lifted her head off the ground carefully as she took a few experimental breaths of her own. It had worked! She was alive!
“Welcome back, milady,” he teased her lightly, as she opened her eyes and winced against the glare.
Jaas coughed a few more times, and focused on his face after a bit. “I knew it would work,” she said weakly, with a smile. She was lying, Lem suspected, but that was a discussion for another time. “We’ve got to tell Arico. He’s waiting for news.”
“Easy, easy!” He warned, trying to keep her from sitting up too fast. “The antidote still needs time to work, so don’t try standing up or you might fall right on your face. I’ll contact Arico, don’t you worry,” Lem assured her. “You just rest for a moment. From what Endu told me, you’ll be pretty weak for a day or so at least. And a little nauseous,” he added, just as she turned aside and vomited onto the grass. Lem politely looked away as she repeated the process one or two more times, and waited for her to wipe her mouth before standing up.
She punched him weakly in the arm as he rose. Despite his comparatively low bone density, it was still a frail hit, and he looked back in surprise. “That was for keeping me in the dark,” she said hoarsely, but he could tell there wasn’t any real blame behind her expression.
“My apologies, milady,” he bowed in an over-exaggerated motion. “Does Her Pompousness want me to gouge my eyes out right now, or just to cut off my tongue as penance for my heinous crime? I won’t be needing it to explain my actions, of course.”
Jaas rolled her eyes. “I know why you did it, Lem. You should have told me, that’s all.”
“Hopefully I’ll never have to be in that situation again,” he said more somberly. He grabbed the Ona ball and pushed it underwater. It was surprisingly heavy, and went under easily. Arico must have weighted it down with something. Carefully, Lem gave it an underwater shove and it vanished into the barrier.
To his side, Jaas was already sitting up and brushing wet hair out of her face. She’d changed a lot since the last time he’d seen her, and it wasn’t just her hairstyle. She seemed more weathered. As if she’d been carrying a great weight for a long time.
Apparently literally. Her upper body was clearly stronger, and he could see muscle definition in her arms, neck and legs. It was sometimes hard to recognize the signs of exercise in non-pescah people, but with her it was obvious.
Part of Lem was still overwhelmed by all of this. It was actually happening! Jaas had returned, which meant that any day now, the secrecy of this project of theirs would end! She would reveal her actions to the Imbued, and accept whatever accolades or punishments they felt like dealing out. And he would be at her side, he’d decided months ago. She was in there, risking her life day in and day out. How could Lem possibly consider hiding his involvement next to that kind of dedication?
“Arico should have gotten the message by now,” Jaas said softly, coughing once more. “He’ll be here any minute. Be ready.”
Arico was leaving the city too?? That surprised Lem, but he kept quiet and readied himself anyway. Jaas had her reasons, and there was always a method to her apparent madness. Ahead of him, the water rippled again, and a sheep-stomach container floated to the top.
It was no different than the containers they’d used to exchange letters for a long time now. Exchanging a glance with Jaas, Lem snagged it and opened it with practiced ease. Inside, nestled among the hard rocks used as ballast, was a small scrip of paper. Lem used a simple spell to dry his webbed hands, and then retrieved it and held it up for Jaas to see. There was only one thing on the paper. An inkstain.
After a moment Lem finally recognized the stain. It was the exact same shape that he and Jaas had agreed upon earlier. The same shape she was supposed to use as a secret message to him.
“That little bastard!” Jaas exclaimed. She took the paper in her own newly-dried hands and turned it over. There was nothing else on it. “So, everything he told me was a lie? He never intended to leave with me—he was just telling me what I wanted to hear!”
“What are you talking about, Jaas?” Lem asked with increasing confusion. “What is going on here?”
“Arico’s being a stubborn idiot, that’s what’s going on,” Jaas said with obvious worry adding to the outrage in her voice. Her tone didn’t last long, though. “I suppose I knew deep down he wasn’t going to leave,” she admitted with a sigh, after a moment, “not even if we could get help and come back in time. Still, he could have told me the truth. Just like you could have,” she added with another glare at him.
Lem wisely kept his mouth shut. Whatever had happened in Patchwork was clearly disastrous, to force her to take the potion so early, so he was just glad she’d escaped. As to why Arico had lied, Lem had a theory. Maybe Jaas wasn’t willing to admit it to herself yet, but Lem had gotten a very clear impression from the letters he’d read, from both of them. He seriously doubted she would have left if she knew Arico was staying.
It might not have been love—Lem was far from an expert in those matters—but it certainly was loyalty.
Jaas was calming down a bit after her minor outburst. She was back in problem-solving mode again. Gods, Lem had missed her. She always knew what to do, and she was one of the few people like that whom Lem trusted implicitly. “Lem, can you still open portals at great distances?” She asked out of the blue.
“Uh—yes. If I’ve been there before, anyway,” he said, a little startled. “It doesn’t really matter how far away it is. Why?”
“Could you take us back to the Academy, then?” She requested, ignoring his question. “I’d teleport us there myself, but I’m a little out of practice.”
“Sure thing,” he said patiently, and picked up his pack again in preparation. “Are we gonna meet with the Imbued, at last? Will we finally be telling them what we’ve been up to?”
Jaas shook her head sharply, and then winced and held a hand to her temple. “Ouch. No, not just yet. Arico may be fine with acting like a fool and sacrificing himself like that, but I’m not gonna make it so easy for him. I’ve been thinking up backup plans for two days now, and I think I’ve got a good one.” She grabbed his shoulder and used it to steady herself as Lem carefully opened a portal and connected it with another one back home. “Come on. I’ll tell you what’s been happening on the way, but we have to move. We’ve got a lot of work to do, and not much time.”
-.-
On the other side of the paper-thin barrier, Nemith turned to Arico. “Are you sure about this? There’s still time for you to go through. They probably haven’t left yet.”
Arico nodded, with a sick feeling in his stomach. “It’s for the best. She’s done all the good she can do in Patchwork, and she’s much safer out there than sticking around. She probably wants to bite my head off right now, but at least this way she gets to keep hers.”
Sabra leaned in between them. “Can we go now? Sabra doesn’t like being out in the open like this.”
Nemith chuckled, and reached out to both of them. “Sure. We’re done here anyway.”
Arico held up an arm though, before Nemith could move towards the threads. “Let me. We’ve got a stop to make first.”
After a surprised glance at each other, both of his companions trustingly took hold of his arms, and Arico jumped into the threads. It was becoming second nature by now to just pull on them, especially when they were this close. He felt like he was finally starting to understand how his sister felt. No wonder she was so confident in her abilities—she could cut through anything, and vanish from anywhere!
Arico navigated them to another destination, and then opened a window and stepped through it before either of them had a chance to see through it. Into the Deathwatch patch. They weren’t at the usual spot where visitors came and went, but more to the north behind some of the taller stone buildings. Nemith clearly didn’t recognize the area, but Sabra did. He took in a deep breath of surprise, and then focused on Arico. “What is this?” He asked suspiciously.
There was that sick feeling in the pit of his stomach again. “I knew this day would come eventually,” Arico said softly, looking up at his friend. “Ever since you and Jaas came back from the Thornes. I forgave you for lying to us because I’d already come to know what kind of a man you are. What kind of a person all the Thornes are. I’m grateful to know you, Sabra. Still, I have to let you go, just like I had to let Jaas go. At least this time I can say a proper goodbye.”
Sabra had always been much smarter than people thought, and he clearly grasped what was going on. Similarly, his grip on Arico’s arm tightened painfully. As if that could make any difference. Nobody who couldn’t navigate—even someone as strong as Sabra was—could force a navigator to take them through the threads.
As for Nemith, he looked surprised at first, but then resigned as well. He must have known that they couldn’t hide Sabra for long. He was even more recognizable than Jaas or Arico. He’d been spotted by Sustained people while he’d been helping Arico stop the city-wide poisoning, so the Council definitely knew the Deathwatch Monster was still among the living. It was only a matter of time before they sent people to kill him; he was far too public an enemy for them to ignore.
“Little man can’t be serious!” Sabra protested. “Without the dwarves, little man needs as much help as he can get! Don’t just leave Sabra here like this!”
Arico shook his head. “It’s the only way, Sabra. You know this patch like the back of your hand; you’ll be safer here than anywhere else. I don’t know what your sister or the other Thornes have planned, but until they come to get you, this is the best place for you. And you never stopped being a Deathwatcher, after all. If the Council comes after you, Boss Bloodeye will protect you.” He grunted sarcastically. “If you need any protection, that is.”
He slipped his arm free of Sabra’s suddenly weakening grip, and slowly turned back towards the threads. “Don’t do this, little man,” Sabra insisted as they turned away. “Little man! Arico!”
Arico stopped dead, and slowly turned around. The giant was just standing there, hunched over as usual. Just as he had been the first time they’d met.
It was one of those rare moments for Arico. One of those times where no words pass between people, but a great deal is shared all the same. Sabra’s fear and frustration, not for his own fate, but for Arico. Arico’s own willingness to die, of which Sabra was clearly aware by now. Their shared grief that Jaas was gone, no matter how necessary it had been for her to leave. A thousand different hopes and dreams and fears and loves and hatreds—all condensed into a few moments of silence.
Sabra finally looked away. “Good luck, little man,” he said with a tremor in his voice, and with a heave of effort leapt up into the air. Arico caught a glimpse of him as he pulled his weight over the side of a nearby building, and then he was gone.
-.-
Chapter 57
The breeze from the nearby threads rustled his hair, as Arico sat quietly atop the tower. This far up, he could see the lazy course the Waters were making south towards the sea. The crystalline wreck of the old Imperial Palace shone brilliantly up at him through the clear air.
Unlike the last time when he’d brought Jaas up here, this New Day was mostly clear of cloud cover. Arico could almost imagine he could see the people down there, living their lives in relative peace. He pictured them all: stra’tchi in their fields and workshops, Sustained in their markets, and manors and boats. Dwarves, buried under thousands of tons of rock. His friends in Tellek patch, clutching at their heads as their blood overheated and boiled out of their eyes and ears. Hundreds of others, cut open or otherwise maimed by Beasts under the silent direction of the Council.
So many hurt. So many dead. Arico had himself added thirteen more to the pile of corpses. Would it really matter if he killed a few dozen more, if it brought an end to the fighting? He felt, rather than heard, the vibrations as other people stepped out onto the tower. Based on their disciplined military tread, they were Ascendants. Arico sighed and got up slowly, careful not to let the sheer height cause him to sway.
He’d left his prosthetics back at the Hideaway. There didn’t seem to be much point in him pretending he was whole after all. These days one of the most well-known things about him was that he had no hands, and he would hate for some trigger-happy Ascendant to mistake who he was and shoot him before this process even got started.
Arico had also left Nemith back in the Hideaway, after they’d dropped Sabra off. They’d sent his letter off on the way as well. While they waited for the meeting up here on the tower, Arico had spent the time teaching Nemith and the others how to pull on the threads like he could.
He’d tried before, with the Hauld’s dwarven navigators, but without much luck. Thankfully this time had been different. Apparently it wasn’t a measure of pure navigating strength after all. They were all able to pull threads eventually, though nowhere near as efficiently as Arico could. Practice would probably change that. Already Arico was missing Jaas’ scholarly presence. She would have loved documenting how Nemith and the others were progressing with their new abilities.
Endu had also watched them practice; she was there to help out if someone got hurt. Arico was still surprised at how quickly they’d picked up the basics. Perhaps it was because Nemith and the others were humans, or perhaps what had happened to the dwarves had made it very easy for everyone to tap into the anger they needed. Maybe that was why the dwarves hadn’t been able to learn: as a race, dwarves were traditionally slow to anger.
Regardless of the cause it had worked, which meant that if he failed here at least Nemith could pick up where he left off. Almost offhandedly, Arico realized he would never see any of them again. He was confident they’d be all right, but still felt a strange sense of emptiness that joined in with the holes in his gut left by the Enclave and Jaas.
Now things had finally come to a head atop this tower. Shaking his head slowly, Arico turned to face the Ascendants. They stood at attention, but didn’t make any aggressive moves. Apparently his letter had left a big impression on Berilo.
The top of the tower was limited in space, but Arico could see more Ascendants stepping out of the threads onto the city wall below. His breath caught as he saw Durhu and the Hauld among them! They seemed unhurt, though Arico could hardly be sure at this distance. They were both bound and gagged, but stood proudly despite that. Durhu caught sight of him and nudged the Hauld. Arico tried to smile down at them reassuringly.
The only reason the Ascendants hadn’t already tried to take him by force was because of his strength as a navigator. He could beat anyone in the city—save perhaps Hazra—in a fight for control over where they were going. They might be able to sedate him, but it seemed pretty clear by now that his disappearing act after beating Ta’anu had become common knowledge. Even if they could take him alive, Berilo apparently wanted him to come along willingly so he wouldn’t just vanish at the first opportunity. Arico was happy to comply, if it put him in the right place at the right time.
Like some kind of demon summoned by his very thoughts, Berilo stepped out of the threads across from him. The tower’s roof was flat enough that they had no trouble seeing each other. “At last,” the old man said hesitantly after a moment’s pause. “I’d say this conversation is well overdue.”
Arico had studied Berilo in detail, of course. Every political move he’d ever made, every speech he’d given, every step he’d taken in his daily walks around Sevvas patch. Still, Arico had never been this close to his father by blood. Now that he had a good look, he could see some similarities in their stance and stature. Berilo was tall like him, but spindly as well. He stood straight but at ease, just like Arico did. Interesting.
“My terms are simple,” Arico began, not wasting time. “I’ll surrender myself to your custody, Lord Ascendant, in exchange for Durhu and the Hauld being set free. Neither of them is a navigator, but I have friends who can transport them to safety while I go with you.”
Berilo smiled faintly. “You have a very high opinion of your own value, heretic,” he said casually, glancing down at the prisoners below. “I’ve promised the city a public execution at the Twin Suns celebration. The masses are expecting to see the Hauld die there, and I’m afraid you’re simply not worth what you’re asking. Without the dwarves backing you, you’re nothing but a nuisance: barely worth the Council’s attention.”
“I’m worth more than you’re willing to admit, my liege,” Arico ground out, trying to appear as confident as he could. Just like Terres Huun, Berilo was arrogant and self-assured, and he definitely wouldn’t be willing to deal with Arico unless he could be convinced Arico was similar. “I’m the dreaded heretic! I’ve inspired patches all over this city to defy you and yours. I’ve made the Council’s life a living nightmare these past few months, and I guarantee this is just the beginning. If you’re not willing to trade for me, then you can rest assured things will only get worse from here on out.”
The Lord Ascendant gave a sharp laugh at that. “Well said, boy,” he added softly. “You clearly have a gift for self-embellishment, as do many of the Sustained Lords. You might have even been able to convince them you’re worth some effort, but I know better. You’re a dog without a master, and now you’re just barking to get attention.”
Time to go all in. Arico looked side to side at the guards. “There are things you don’t know, Berilo Fisher. Things I’m willing to discuss with you, but only in private.” He held Berilo’s glance for a few more moments, before looking at the guards again.
Berilo’s haughtiness faltered for a moment, but his unreadable politician’s face came back quickly. “Return to the threads,” he ordered the rest, and Arico was sure he could hear a note of curiosity in the old man’s voice, “but watch us closely. Only come to my aid if the heretic attacks.” As one, the Ascendants bowed and backed into the threads, leaving just the two of them.
Sound didn’t transmit into the threads, but Arico couldn’t be sure they didn’t have a lipreader among them. He was careful to keep his mouth covered as he took a single step forward. “My value to you is much greater than just that of a political tool, or a military target,” he said grimly. “I’m also your son, and Hazra’s twin brother.”
“I know,” Berilo said easily, almost bored-sounding.
Despite his training, Arico gaped at him. “You actually believe me?” He inquired hastily, and in shock. There had always been a chance Hazra would tell her father about him, but he’d expected some surprise and disbelief on the part of his rival here.
“I didn’t at first,” Berilo admitted, glancing down at the Spire to the south. He hesitated, and then covered his own mouth as well. It seemed he wanted to keep this a secret as well, at least for the time being.
 ”When Hazra first told me, it sounded preposterous,” he continued slowly. “How could you possibly be my son? It made no sense at all. But then… you’ve proven to be quite the nuisance ever since the Laentana. You’ve made the entire Council, myself included, look foolish on several occasions. Again and again you’ve avoided capture or significant injury.” He halted there for a moment and looked at the stump Arico was holding up over his mouth. “Until recently anyway. I do have other reasons to support the idea that you’re my child, but the most convincing one is the simplest: who else but my own flesh and blood could cause me so much trouble?”
So he was making it about himself, as he always did. Arico didn’t mind though, not if it helped his case. “Now that you have it confirmed, I make the offer again: myself for the Hauld and for Durhu. You can torture or execute me in their place at the Twin Suns—whatever you want to do, as long as they go free.”
Berilo smiled gently, or as gently as a monster like him was capable. “You are determined, Arico. I’ll give you that. Your loyalty to the dwarves and your…” He paused briefly, and his expression soured. “And your kidnapper, is quite impressive. I must ask, though. How do I know you’ll keep your word? If the rumors are to be believed, you can vanish into thin air. From anywhere, apparently, even if you’re far from the threads. What’s to stop you from waiting until after the trade and then making your escape?”
Arico snorted. “If I did that, then we’d both know just what kind of a man I am. We’ll make the trade publicly, with as many witnesses as possible. If I break my word, you’ll be able to tell the people the truth: that the heretic is just another oathbreaker; craven and untrustworthy.” Another thought occurred to Arico as he said it. “Come to think of it, I’m surprised you haven’t been saying that stuff about me already, just to discredit me.”
The old man shook his head. “If I did that, then we’d both know what kind of man I am as well. The Council might not care about honor or dignity in conflict, but I do. I’ve done what I can to keep this fight fair, as I hope you can agree.”
Arico did not. Poisoning people, and non-combatants at that, was hardly an act of fairness. The Beast attacks were also cowardly and evil. There was no way that Tenlor had killed Endu’s daughter without orders, either. Berilo and the rest of the Council had to know about that as well. He could hardly contradict Berilo right now though, not if he wanted his cooperation. And Arico did have to admit: he didn’t know how much of all this bloodshed had been mandated by the Council. For all he knew the Lord Ascendant had been opposed to some or all of it, and had been overruled by the majority of the Council.
Arico squared his shoulders. “As your only remaining son, I’m the best chance for House Fisher to survive into the future. I’m the only option you have left as an heir, like it or not.” That was a gamble, actually. Arico was useless as an heir because he was sterile. He only hoped that his adversary didn’t know that.
“Are you my only option, though?” Berilo asked sardonically, his gaze again sweeping the city. “You and Hazra both seem to think I’m backed into a corner when it comes to my legacy, but you’re both woefully mistaken.”
At first Arico didn’t quite follow. What could he mean? “Don’t get me wrong,” Berilo continued conversationally, “you’d be valuable to be sure, but you’re not the only choice. Tenlor had many, many mistresses all over the city, and quite a few bastard children. All I need to do is find the oldest male, and,” he snapped his fingers, “problem solved.”
“You don’t seriously expect the Council to accept a bastard as your heir, do you?” Arico said derisively. “All they care about is blood purity, after all.”
Berilo shrugged. “All I need to tell them is that he was born in wedlock, but raised in secret for his own safety. They may suspect something, but they’ll never be able to prove he’s anything but legitimate.”
At Arico’s surprised look, Berilo gave a brief laugh. “Come now, Arico, did you really think that any Sustained House has the full purity of blood that they claim? It’s not surprising; after all you haven’t had the chance to read the true histories about all the families, as I have. With the exception of our family and a few others who share our goals of breeding the perfect navigator, every House in the city has a few rotten apples grafted onto their family trees! Sustained Houses have been performing genealogical sleight-of-hand since the Threading itself: this would be nothing new. No, you are important to me, but you’re hardly irreplaceable.”
Arico supposed that made a sick sort of sense. The Council’s actions were ostensibly for the good of everyone, but all they did was cover up corruption and bigotry. He supposed it should be no surprise that their histories were just as false.
“I’m not suggesting you just set the Hauld and Durhu free,” Arico said, thinking quickly. He felt a trickle of sweat run down his back, and tried to keep his desperation from showing. If this negotiation failed, they’d both be killed anyway. He had to offer Berilo something else. “What if you declared them both outcast? Find some out-of-the-way patch to stash them, and make sure the whole city knows they’re off limits? Neither of them are navigators—they’ll stay where you put them!”
Outcasts were rare in Patchwork, but they did exist. They were always branded with the same symbol on their shoulder: a filled-in black circle. It marked the outcast forever as being unworthy of travel through the threads. No navigator would ever help them leave any patch—ever. Their lives would be forfeit if they even tried.
Berilo didn’t respond at first. He evaluated Arico’s expression and stance for a bit, and then looked down at the prisoners. It was clear to both of them that Arico was only making this suggestion as a gesture of good faith. If Berilo killed the prisoners, he’d lose Arico’s cooperation, and there would be nothing stopping him from just vanishing into the threads. If Arico betrayed Berilo, then the prisoners would be killed. It was a middle ground that Arico hoped would work for a short time—long enough for him to enact his plan. Hopefully Nemith would be able to rescue them later on, after Arico was dead.
“I suppose it could work,” Berilo said at last. Arico started to breathe a bit easier, but Berilo wasn’t done. “For one of them, anyway,” he continued. “Despite who you are, you’re still not worth both prisoners. If I were to ask you to choose which one of them gets to live, though-”
“The Hauld,” Arico cut him off immediately. “I choose the Hauld.”
This wasn’t spontaneity on Arico’s part. He’d already considered that he might have to choose between them, and he’d made his choice back in the Hideaway. Despite his love for Durhu, Arico knew that his foster father was a nobody in political terms. Executing him would be virtually worthless to the Council. Executing the Hauld on the other hand, would win them significant esteem with many of the Sustained and the other House Heads.
All the same, Berilo smirked at him. “No hesitation, just as I thought. You make a decision, and you stick with it. That’s admirable.”
He shook his head slowly. “The Hauld’s survival is non-negotiable, unfortunately. I don’t have any particular desire to kill him, but even if I was inclined to let him go, the Council and the rest of the people would insist he be punished. I am willing to spare Anathdur’hu, though, if he’s made outcast.” His voice took on a contemplative note. “I’ll send him back to Tellek patch, I think. It’s been his home for a long time, so it seems only fitting.”
The branding would be bad enough, but to be sent back home? “That’s not much of an offer,” Arico retorted. “Tellek is still poisoned. He’d be dead within days of being sent there. You’ll have to send him someplace else if you want me to agree.”
“Don’t test me, Arico,” Berilo said harshly, his voice suddenly thick with anger. “If I had my way, Anathdur’hu would be tortured, slowly, for days! I would want his chest torn open, and his ribs spread out in front of his very eyes, for taking you away from me. I would make his suffering the stuff of nightmares for years to come—don’t think that I wouldn’t! If he was a navigator, I’d knock him out and throw him into the threads so that he’d be left alone inside them. I only wish I could, so he would slowly go mad in there, for all eternity!”
Taken aback by the sudden burst of hatred and malice, Arico watched in pained fascination as Berilo slowly composed himself. He closed his eyes briefly, and grimaced as if purging some kind of poison from his veins. “Despite all of that, for you Arico, I will allow him to live. As long as he stays where he’s put and out of my business from now on.”
Berilo took a deep breath. “As for his survival, I’ll send a supply of the Waters along with him to Tellek patch. He’ll last a few days, until you or your navigator allies can resupply him. Your kidnapper will survive, which is far better than he deserves.”
For all his years spent studying Berilo and the Council, Arico had never actually thought of this situation from Berilo’s perspective. To Arico, Durhu had always been this gentle soul who’d been thoughtful, supportive, and generous with praise. He’d taught Arico so much, and had eventually learned to share that responsibility with the Hauld and the other dwarves. He was Arico’s father… but he had kidnapped him.
True, Arico’s life was infinitely better as a result. If he’d been raised in Sevvas patch, he might have ended up like Hazra, or worse, Tenlor. That was precisely what his mother had been trying to avoid. Still, after his mother had died, he had been stolen away from his father. Part of Berilo’s hatred was actually justified.
Berilo had apparently made up his mind. “Do we have a deal, then?” He extended a hand, and then stopped with a chagrined look. “My apologies. I suppose a nod will do.”
For some reason Arico was still hesitating. How could he make such massive decisions for the Hauld and Durhu? They were the ones who were supposed to make the tough calls, not him! But he had to. No one else could help them now, and if he surrendered peacefully, there was still a chance he could talk Berilo into sparing the Hauld, too.
“Let me sweeten the pot a little,” Berilo said suddenly, his eyes brightening a little. “Let’s both make a gesture of trust here, one that no one will be able to ignore. Swear ta’sana to me, here in front of everyone. That will ensure that we both respect this agreement. Anyone you brought along is welcome to listen in, if they like.”
Arico didn’t know what to think at first. Ta’sana was the very same oath that traitor Pratun had offered to swear to Arico, after his betrayal had been discovered and he was possibly facing a death sentence. The rules were complicated, for both the oathgiver and the one receiving that oath.
But… ta’sana was unbreakable. The rules of the oath were excessive, and would protect both Arico and Berilo in this case.
“For how long, though?” Arico asked suspiciously. Pratun had offered a lifetime oath, which Arico hadn’t been in any position to accept. Clearly that wasn’t an option here, either.
“Just a few days,” Berilo said dismissively. “Until the end of the Twin Suns ceremony. After that you’ll be free to leave if you wish. I’ll continue to honor my end and leave Anathdur’hu alone, of course. I’ll even promise not to use the ta’sana to harm your little revolutionary movement either.” He tilted his head slightly. “I doubt you can expect any more than that, considering the circumstances. So what do you say?”
It was a good deal. Far better than Arico had been hoping for, actually. He was still suspicious, but the ta’sana’s rules had been specifically written to hamper anyone from violating the trust of either party. They’d been the law at first, and had gradually become a myth so powerful that both stra’tchi and Sustained revered them. The oath would hold.
Gritting his teeth, Arico nodded. “We have a deal.”
The Lord Ascendant beckoned all around them, and one by one his guards stepped out onto the tower. As he took a deep breath and tried to remember the words, it occurred to Arico that for once, he was barely aware of the sheer height of this tower. Or of the consequences should he fall.
-.-
Chapter 58
As the two of them marched through the halls of the Spire, Arico reflected on how strange this was. There were no guards nearby: the ta’sana was all the protection the Lord Ascendant needed. Arico couldn’t just vanish, either. He was perfectly willing to break his oath, but he had to be right here for when the Council arrived in two days. So he followed the oath to the letter, if for the wrong reasons.
Arico had to admit the halls were beautiful. Marble floors on the ground level, ornate drapes and pillars decorating the main entrance facing to the north. Windows looking down on the patch below from the second level. The third level contained the Council chambers, or so he’d been told. The closest he’d ever gotten before had been his and Sabra’s raid on the storage bay below.
As far as irredeemable symbols of evil went, this building certainly looked appealing. If everything went according to plan, he’d be destroying this place just as he had done with the altar back at the Laentana.
After swearing the oath, Arico had insisted on taking care of Durhu immediately. They’d all gone to Tellek patch, on the hill where Arico had once lain bleeding, and branded Durhu right there! He’d taken it well—far better than Arico had expected—not making a noise to compete with the sound of sizzling flesh. He’d started trembling and turned white shortly after that though: both signs of shock from the trauma. Arico made sure they let him bandage the wound with those same herbs from Endu’s home, and lay him down to sleep. After making sure he had enough of the Waters to last him at least a week, Arico had finally agreed to leave with the Lord Ascendant. There was still enough dried food in the pantry to keep him fed as well.
After bringing him here to Sevvas patch, Berilo didn’t lock him up—it wasn’t necessary with the ta’sana in place. Instead he took Arico to one of the modest guest rooms on the south end of the Spire and told him to stay put. After he left, guards and household staff alike crowded around the entrance looking in at Arico. They didn’t dare speak to him, apparently having been ordered by Berilo to keep silent, but they were obviously curious.
Arico knew how they felt. What was the old man up to, bringing the heretic of all people here, in full view of everyone? The ta’sana would be gone from Arico in two days’ time, but it would protect Durhu forever! Given how much Berilo hated Durhu, it didn’t make any sense for him to agree to any of this. Arico closed the door clumsily and then began pacing, trying to figure this out.
The ta’sana didn’t protect the life of the oathgiver at all. If Berilo wanted to, he could simply execute Arico at the Twin Suns and be done with it. Clearly he wanted something else. He couldn’t force Arico to publicly denounce the movement, though. That had been promised as part of the ta’sana. The same went for the location of the Hideaway or where Nemith and the others would eventually evacuate. Arico wouldn’t be required to give away any of that information. What was this all about? He was spared further speculation though, as Berilo came back right away. “Come with me,” he said softly, and led the way downstairs and out of the Spire altogether.
Arico felt a brief surge of nervousness as they made their way across the close-cut lawn to the west of the Spire. The only way this plan would work was if Arico was inside the Spire when the Council convened. If he was being housed somewhere else, he’d have to improvise when the time came.
It was pretty clear they were going to the Lord Ascendant’s Manor though, and Arico breathed a little easier. This was just a social visit. Perhaps they were going to see Hazra or the Clarion. The Manor was two stories tall, with an impressive garden and walkway behind it, near where the Waters used to flow. The entryway served as a foyer of sorts for visitors, and a waiting room for supplicants seeking an audience with the Lord Ascendant. Ornate circular staircases on each side led up to a walkway that looked down on both the garden and the entryway. Arico could see guards and household staff here as well, but these were attendants in personal service to House Fisher. They were much more disciplined, giving him only a few curious looks as they went about their duties. Berilo took Arico upstairs for the view, and then slowly turned to face him.
“We’re out of earshot up here,” he said gravely, and somewhat furtively. “And above prying eyes. We can talk more openly.” Suddenly he embraced Arico in a bear hug, wrapping his spindly arms around Arico’s slightly wider frame.
The shock of it took Arico completely by surprise. He hadn’t expected anything like this! The idea of the Lord Ascendant showing such vulnerability was strange enough, but the force of his grip belied his age and frailty. If Arico didn’t know better, he’d think the old man actually felt affection for him.
It occurred to him that even without his hands, with the nearest guards all the way downstairs, he could pretty easily wrap his arms around the old man’s neck and snap it like a dry twig. He certainly deserved it for everything he’d done to the stra’tchi over the years. Arico grimaced. He had to keep his eye on the bigger picture. Berilo would die along with the rest of the Council when the time was right.
After a few moments Berilo let go of him, and then looked up at him with a slight smile. “Look at you. You look just like my uncle Nettros did at your age. You never met him, of course—he died before you were born—but your eyes, your cheekbones, the way you hold yourself… the resemblance is uncanny.” He smiled slightly. “Thankfully you seem to be wiser than he was.”
Arico didn’t really know what to say to that. “Sir, I wanted to talk-”
“Call me Berilo when we’re in private like this,” he cut Arico off. “I suppose ‘father’ is out of the question for now, but maybe we can work up to that someday.” He gestured to one of the armchairs overlooking the manor and took another one for himself.
Again, Arico felt that sense of separation from reality. It was like he was talking to an entirely different person! Which made sense, actually. Berilo’s position probably kept him from being open or honest with most people, and his casual chauvinism would cut out Hazra as well. Berilo’s brother Rondo lived at the family estate out in Nassa patch, and from what Arico had heard, Berilo had very little contact with him. He’d probably been at least somewhat open around Tenlor perhaps, but now Arico was the only option left.
Very well, Arico could play along. “I’ll keep that in mind, Berilo,” he said carefully, taking a seat as well. “I wanted to talk with the Hauld, if you’ll allow it.”
As per the terms of the oath, Berilo couldn’t order Arico to betray the movement in any way, any more than Arico could try to undermine him or escape. They could both make requests such as this one, though. Arico held his breath as the old man cocked his head slightly. “To what purpose?”
“I might be able to convince him to recant his actions,” Arico said carefully. “To submit to the Council and to you. That would be more valuable to you than his execution, wouldn’t it?”
“Oh, definitely,” Berilo answered easily, “but I’m sure you know better than I do how stubborn dwarves can be. I doubt the Hauld would be any exception to his people in that way.” He gazed down at the foyer, and then out the window to the north almost lazily. “No, I’m afraid it won’t be possible for you to convince him.”
“What can it hurt for me to try, though?” Arico persisted. “There’s nothing to lose by letting me talk to him.”
“You misunderstand me,” he said more firmly, focusing on Arico again. “It’s impossible because the Hauld is dead.”
At first Arico didn’t fully register that. He gaped for a moment at Berilo’s placid expression. “What?”
“It was done as soon as you were safely here in Sevvas patch,” Berilo explained casually. “I gave the order, and witnessed the guards kill him and thread his body. He’s gone.”
The ta’sana prevented Berilo from lying to him, but even without that oath, Arico could tell he was in earnest. The Hauld was dead.
Again Arico felt an almost overwhelming urge to kill the old man, right then and there. Monster, he thought as he gritted his teeth and tried to control his breathing. “Why did you do it, though?” He forced himself to ask. “He’s in custody, and he isn’t… wasn’t a navigator! He was no threat to you! You could have held onto him until the Twin Suns, just as you said in your announcement!”
Berilo rolled his eyes briefly. “Don’t be foolish, Arico. Do you really think I’ve survived this long as Lord Ascendant by giving my enemies even a slight chance at survival or escape? I’m quite certain your friends in the movement are cooking up some sort of foolhardy rescue plan to get him out, before or during the Twin Suns. I couldn’t have that, of course.”
He shook his head at Arico’s continued glare. “As I said back on the tower, I never wanted to kill the Hauld. I even had some respect for him, leader to leader, for ruling his people for so long. Even so, I couldn’t let that influence my actions. Sentiment is the enemy of true leadership, Arico. It doesn’t matter if I loathe someone or love them—I still have to treat everyone the same, as any true leader would.”
“The only reason I swore that damn oath was so that I could convince you to spare him!” Arico bit out, barely remembering to keep his voice down. There were probably some people downstairs who might be interested in this conversation. “Instead you just decided to murder him on the spot?”
“Would you have been more comfortable with him dying on a platform in front of a crowd?” Berilo countered coolly. “Would that somehow be less offensive to you than a quick clean death in private? I did what I had to do for the sake of my people, Arico. Whether you like it or not, the Hauld broke the Pact multiple times. He sent dwarves into our territory; conspired with our enemies, and fomented rebellion for months on end, all in an effort to bring down the Sustained!”
His voice thickened slightly. “He even arranged the kidnapping of my son—just to get under my skin. I didn’t hate him for that—unlike Anath’durhu, he was never my servant, so he didn’t betray me. Besides, my own Sustained Lords have done the same or worse to advance their own agendas. I couldn’t just ignore what he’d done, though. I treated him fairly, given his actions against my people!”
Arico opened his mouth to object, but Berilo continued with an intense expression. “I don’t enjoy confronting you with all of this, my son, but you are an adult. It’s time you faced the truth about your… ‘adoptive’ parents. I’ve spent decades ensuring that the Council followed the Pact closely, walking the line without ever crossing it. Thanks to me, we even had a fragile trading partnership with the Enclave. The Hauld clearly didn’t care about the Pact, or a lasting peace, or he never would have tried undermining us in the first place! You probably think that I ordered the attack on the Enclave because of some primitive hatred of dwarves, but that’s just not true. I ordered the attack to protect myself and my people.”
Arico couldn’t believe what he was hearing. How dare this hypocrite blame the dwarves for his actions! “They were only trying to protect themselves and you know it!” He answered heatedly. “The Sustained nearly destroyed them all a hundred years ago. The Hauld had to make sure that never happened again!”
“So he did what he had to for the sake of his people? Doesn’t that sound familiar, Arico?” Berilo grunted. “I don’t blame you for your perspective here—you were raised to hate me. But can you honestly say the dwarves acted honorably? If our positions had been reversed, if the dwarves had been ruling the city and the Sustained had been in the minority, wouldn’t you want to destroy us all the same? Simply because of what you were taught and raised to believe?”
“This isn’t just about being raised to hate each other, Berilo,” Arico said harshly. “Your attack wasn’t more of the same propaganda meant to keep people afraid and suspicious of the dwarves! You wiped them all out!”
“That wasn’t my intention, as I’m sure you know,” Berilo said, giving a remarkable impression of sorrow. “I wanted to take the keep intact, and remove the Hauld from power in a controlled and stable way. I didn’t expect him to blow up his own tunnels, along with most of my Ascendants, just to spite me. He chose to do that, Arico. Most people would consider that an act of madness, wouldn’t they?”
Arico stood and walked a few steps away, fuming. He was twisting it all, manipulating what had happened to try and justify what he’d done! It was sickening! “Perhaps we should change topics for a while,” Berilo said from behind him. “At least for the time being.”
“What about the people you claim to care so much about?” Arico continued suddenly, ignoring his suggestion. “You’ve promised them a public execution in two days. They’re expecting to see a Hauld die there, and you’re exactly one Hauld short!”
He was deflecting, changing the subject to avoid thinking about what Berilo had said, but the old man went along with it. “We captured one of his bodyguards along with him,” Berilo said, shrugging as Arico turned around again. “Since only a handful of people including the two of us know exactly what the Hauld looked like, it should be easy enough to pass the bodyguard off as the real thing.” His eyebrows furrowed slightly. “In fact, I was surprised we were able to take them as easily as we did. I expected the Hauld would be in his chambers near the top of the keep, but instead he and his man were walking the grounds outside. Good fortune, I guess.” Arico grimaced. The only information they had on the interior of the keep had been what they’d coerced from Codi, or tortured out of Alzhi.
There was a light tapping noise to the left, and they both looked at the stairway in that direction. A servant in Fisher gear hesitantly made his way up the stairs. At Berilo’s nod he approached, whispered something into the old man’s ear, and then stepped back a respectful distance.
Whatever it was had apparently surprised the Lord Ascendant. “We’ll have to continue this discussion later,” he said abruptly. “Tulo here will take you to one of the guest rooms. I’m ordering you to remain there for the time being, but I’ll make some time for you tomorrow.”
He lowered his voice again, and approached Arico. “I know you hate me for what I’ve done, Arico. I can’t blame you, but please consider this: had you been raised here, my actions would most likely have stopped the dwarves from killing you and your entire family. I am your father, as much as I am Lord Ascendant. Think about that while you wait.”
-.-
There was a grinding noise at the circular entrance to the Hideaway. Someone was moving the stone and coming in. Whoever it was had neglected to give the special knock beforehand!
Endu grabbed for her gun, checked to make sure it was loaded, and then aimed it, dimly aware of a half-dozen or so others doing the exact same thing. Nemith and most of the other men were out clearing tunnels, in case Arico’s mad plan didn’t work. Veles and Tarith were out with them, but Balter was still here. As he had no training in how to fight, he quickly herded the children into a corner and urged them to be quiet. Endu spared herself a moment of pride at her boys. How far they’d come from that farmhouse in Tellek patch!
Steps echoed lightly down into the chamber, and a familiar face peeked down at them from the stairs. “Hold!” Endu commanded sharply. “She’s a friend.”
Velya’s face broke from concern into relief. “Endu! It’s good to see you alive. After I heard about the Enclave, I feared the worst.”
Endu thought about Alzhi for a moment, and had to resist the gut-punch feeling that always accompanied that thought these days. “How did you find this place, Velya?” She asked suspiciously. Arico had trusted the Thornes, as had Jaas, but Endu had never really been sure just where they stood.
“My brother told me,” Velya said, walking slowly into the room. She wasn’t armed as far as Endu could see, and the others relaxed a bit. Two of the women holding guns moved up the passage behind her and made sure the door was rolled shut again. “I heard that the Monster had been spotted back in the Deathwatch patch, so I tracked him down and he let me know where this… Hideaway was. It’s impressive.”
Endu’s breath quickened a bit. If Velya knew about this place, it was possible the rest of the Thornes knew as well. Did the Ascendants know by now, too? Without any of the navigators here, they had no easy escape. If push came to shove Endu would be willing to help them, but hopefully it would never come to that.
“Where’s Arico?” Velya asked suddenly, all business again. “I heard he’d survived as well, but I didn’t see him anywhere on my way in here.”
“He turned himself in to the Council,” Endu said dourly. “Almost a day ago now. He’s in the Lord Ascendant’s custody by now.”
Velya gave an exasperated little sigh. “I figured he might do something stupid like that. Hopefully they won’t kill him outright. The only way we can help him is to finish his work. I think we can do that, if we hurry.”
“We?” Endu echoed. “As in you and the rest of the Thornes?”
“As in you and me, actually,” Velya clarified. “Along with anyone else here who’s willing to come along. The other Thornes would never get involved in this fight, but I guess I’m more like my brother than I was willing to admit. I can’t just let the Council keep getting away with murder, whether it’s one child at a time, or entire patches full of people! We have to show everyone what they’re up to. We have to strip away the layers of protection these monsters have built up over themselves, and lay their true ugliness out for everyone to see!”
“Very inspiring,” Endu said sarcastically. “Do you have a plan to go along with that little speech?”
Velya smirked slightly. “It’s pretty simple. Ever since Arico told us about the children going missing, the Thornes have been compiling a list of children born, relocated to stra’tchi patches, and relocated to Sustained territory. Ever since your daughter was murdered, I suspect you’ve been doing the same. If we compare notes, we should be able to get a pretty accurate Registry to show the Clarion. Then we compare it to what the Council has been claiming is the Registry, and prove what they’ve been up to! If we can convince him to show it to the people, they’ll believe him. He is the Clarion, after all.” She hesitated briefly. “The trouble is, in order to do that, we’ll need to raid Penntu patch and get a look at the official copy of the Registry.” There was a faint rustle of dismay through the others present. Though most of them had put up their weapons, it seemed the majority was still distrustful of the Thornes, just as Endu was.
“I know you’re brave and strong, being a Deathwatcher and all,” Endu said as diplomatically as she could manage, “but going after the Registry right now is—how can I put this diplomatically—just plain stupid.”
Veles let out a small laugh from behind her. “Arico wanted to get his hands on the Registry too,” Endu continued, “but the records vault was too heavily guarded. He didn’t want to risk breaking into the lower levels, and that was back when we still had the dwarves backing us! Since then the Ascendants have reinforced it. Aside from Sevvas patch itself, Penntu is probably the most heavily defended patch in the city by now. We’d need an army to break in there!”
“Or an edge that no one’s expecting,” Velya said slyly, reaching out a hand. “I know just where to look, but I need your help, if you’re willing.”
-.-
Arico had been slowly pacing in his room in the Manor, when a soft knock came from the door. He looked that way suspiciously, but somehow polite knocks didn’t seem like Berilo’s style. “Yes?”
The door opened and admitted a tall, sandy-haired man wearing simple blue robes. By the insignia on his tunic, he was a servant of House Fisher. Arico looked away, annoyed. “What does he want this time?”
“The Lord Ascendant merely wanted you to meet me, my lord,” the servant said smoothly, stepping in and closing the door behind him. He seemed to do a visual inventory of the room, and of Arico himself, before bowing respectfully. “I am your new manservant. My name is Chulesh Harper.”
“Right. Go away,” Arico ordered abruptly. He was in no mood to see more of Berilo’s sycophants right now, and this one was probably spying on him as well.
Harper immediately turned to leave. From what Arico had seen, all servants to House Fisher were trained for unconditional obedience and absolute loyalty, and this guy didn’t seem to be any exception. House Harper had fallen apart years ago, the victim of massive debt to other houses as well as an ill-advised feud with the much more powerful Grover family. It wasn’t surprising some of them had been hired by other families.
Naturally, this Chulesh manservant just stepped outside and waited there. He may have been ordered to leave, but no manservant was ever out of earshot of his master. True, Arico did need the help from time to time, but this was a bit over the top. Arico would have to remember to order Chulesh to go get something from outside the Spire, before he tore the whole building down. At least the servants should survive what was coming.
-.-
Chapter 59
With Velya’s help, Endu stepped out of the threads into Borrgas patch, on the south end of the city. It was Sustained territory, just on the Waters. One of House Grover’s patches, Endu thought, though she couldn’t be certain.
They were at the edge of a small park, looking in at the few people there. Since most open land was reserved for farming, even here in Sustained territory, parks were valuable. That meant only powerful people or their families had access. People like Hazra Fisher and her niece Tela.
“This is a very bad idea,” Endu whispered as they stared into the park from one of the nearby streets. “There are wanted posters of me in almost every patch. Even with these ridiculous disguises, she may still recognize me before we get close, and if she does-”
“We need her,” Velya cut her off sharply, looking around briefly, “and not just for her connection to the Clarion. Besides, these dresses aren’t for her benefit anyway.” Velya pointed out several men on the outskirts of the park. They were dressed as merchants, with flashy yet well-worn tunics and pants, but Endu could see the way they walked and stood. They were definitely soldiers: probably full-blown Ascendants.
Endu picked uncomfortably at her dress. She and Velya were made up to look like minor noblewomen such as were common here. While she did appreciate the necessity of blending in, this outfit was both unpleasant to wear and repellent to the eye. It stood for women whose sole purpose in life was to marry well and bear children to their husbands. Women who had never tilled a field, nor milked a cow, nor fitted a bandage in their lives. Useless women. They might as well be wearing red for all the dignity these people had.
Velya had talked her into this plan, but Endu was far from comfortable with it. Somehow she’d known about Arico’s plan to destroy the Spire—that legendary Thorne spy network at work, no doubt—and had come up with this Registry plan as a possible alternative. When Nemith and Arico had first revealed their typically male plan to just blow up their enemies, Jaas had objected on moral grounds. Endu had actually agreed with her, though for much different reasons. The Council and Berilo Fisher did deserve to die, but Endu wanted to do it herself. Slowly and painfully, if possible; not in a building collapse or some boring explosion. That would be far too quick and painless.
If Velya’s plan worked and the people turned against the Council, they would be greatly weakened. Endu would then be free to hunt them down one by one, and deliver them to the fate they so desperately deserved.
Velya took her by the arm and marched out into the field. She glided gracefully, despite the grass impeding her ornate shoes, and Endu did her best to mimic Velya’s elegant movement. They wandered for a few minutes, pretending to enjoy the day and the sunshine. A few other children were in the park as well, laughing and running around each other.
Finally they made their way over to Hazra, who was straightening little Tela’s hair. “My lady Fisher?” Velya inquired politely.
Hazra looked up at them distractedly. “Yes?”
“I’m Velya Cooper,” she said in a friendly tone, and then gestured to her side. “And I believe you’ve heard of my friend, Endu? From Tellek patch?”
Hazra stiffened noticeably—her eyes hardened and her entire stance changed. The spoiled princess was gone and the brutal killer was here. Her hand slipped to her side, apparently by reflex. She wasn’t armed, thankfully. Hazra had no need for weapons, not with Ascendants this close to them.
Instead her hands tightened into fists. Before she could move though, Velya held up a hand. “Easy now! Easy, milady. We wouldn’t want any young people to see something that might scar them for life, would we?” The little girl turned her head and looked back at them curiously.
Heartbane’s expression of hatred remained, and for a moment Endu thought she would attack regardless of the consequences. Thankfully she seemed to hesitate, and took a deep breath. “Go on and play, Tela,” she said in a carefree voice. “Aunt Hazra has to talk to these nice ladies.” Tela gave a small curtsy, and then ran off.
In an instant the predatory Heartbane was back. “I don’t know who you think you are,” she snarled at Velya, “but you have a lot of nerve bringing her here. If I weren’t with my niece…” She trailed off, but the implication was clear.
Velya spread her hands. “We just want to talk, that’s all,” she said placatingly. “We wanted to speak to you and your consort at the same time actually, but there’s no way we could approach the Clarion without drawing the Council’s attention. You don’t need to worry about any trouble, though. Once we’ve said what we came to say, we’ll leave you in peace.”
Now it was Endu’s turn to speak. She took a deep breath, trying to overcome her fear of this creature. “I know you want me dead,” she began tentatively, “and I don’t blame you. I spoke to Arico though, and he told me about his real identity, and who his sister is. I’m hoping for his sake, that you’ll hear me out. You deserve to know why I killed Tenlor, to hear the whole story. I doubt you’ll ever forgive me, but perhaps you’ll gain some measure of understanding, or hopefully even closure.”
“What makes you think I care about any of those things?” Heartbane demanded.
Endu shrugged. “Maybe you don’t. I don’t really know, but you do care about what happens to your family, or you would have attacked me already.” She glanced across the way, down towards little Tela. “I was motivated by revenge, pure and simple. Your brother murdered my little girl in cold blood. He stabbed her, and then just dumped her into the threads like she was some pest he was ridding himself of.”
Even after all this time, and after she’d gotten revenge, the story was difficult to tell. Endu swallowed hard and moved past it. “I doubt you’re surprised to hear that, though,” she said more confidently. “The other Sustained ladies here might be fooled, but a world-class killer like you would see right through him. I think you knew who your brother was—what he was.”
It was getting easier to continue, now that Endu wasn’t talking about herself anymore. “I’ve studied Heartbane’s targets, and you rarely go after anyone who doesn’t deserve it. You have a sense of justice. More so than the Council does, anyway. When you came after Arico, trying to find and kill me, I don’t think it was revenge. I think you were trying to please your father.”
Heartbane said nothing, but that silence was telling on its own. Endu hid a smile as she went on. “The real question, is did he know it was you? Does he know now who you really are? I think he does. Either he found out on his own, or you told him. After all he is your father, and it’s hard to deny the love that a father shares with his daughter. Even if the father doesn’t deserve that love.”
Adding that last bit was a mistake. Heartbane let out a low noise and, quick as blinking, a dagger was in her right hand. She took one step and the dagger’s tip was against Endu’s stomach. “Say that again, stra’tchi,” she said, her voice thick with anger.
Velya started forward but Endu held out a hand, warning her back. Even if Velya could beat Heartbane, Endu would be gutted long before that happened. She glanced down at the dagger, trying not to move any more than she already had. Heartbane had apparently been hiding it inside her sleeve: an impressive feat, given the tightness of her dress. She was good.
Even now, in the middle of a crowded park, her movements were subtle enough to avoid notice. Anyone who looked in their direction would see a pair of ladies engaged in close conversation, nothing more.
“It’s time you faced the truth about your family, Hazra,” Endu said unblinkingly. Strangely enough, she wasn’t even that nervous. Even if Hazra killed her here and now, it wouldn’t really matter. Alzhi was already on the other side waiting for her, and the boys would be safe enough in Arico’s care. Or Nemith’s care, if Arico didn’t make it back. She didn’t really have that much left to lose.
“I know you love your father, as any good daughter would,” she went on quietly, “but he never really loved you. I heard about your miscarriages,” she added, wincing slightly in sympathy. “As soon as it was clear you could never give him grandchildren, you had to know that in his eyes, you were useless. I suspect that’s why you became Heartbane in the first place. Am I right?”
The knife pressed inward, not breaking cloth or skin, but getting the point across all the same. “You’re very good at guessing motivations, Endu, but you don’t know a thing about what my life has been like!”
“Don’t I?” Endu countered quickly. “All stra’tchi women have to look out for themselves. We’re not just wives and caretakers, but we’re also expected to work hard as farmers, leatherworkers, woodcutters, in whichever patch we happen to be sent to. I can list half a dozen women, in my own patch alone, who had to work twice as hard for half the recognition that their male neighbors got! Believe me, I know very well what it feels like to be judged by strangers for nothing more than my ability to bear children. If I’d had your combat training, I might have been tempted to follow your example, Heartbane!”
She looked to the side, at her friend in the Thornes. “Velya has had it even worse, being a Deathwatcher. She’s surrounded by warriors every day, in a patch where the weak die off regularly, and sometimes even get eaten by the strong! How hard is my life, or yours for that matter, compared to hers?”
Velya looked troubled at that. Endu didn’t know for sure if cannibalism was still happening in the Deathwatch patch, but the rumors had persisted for years. Perhaps Velya would disagree, based on her time spent with the Thornes, but at the very least her early years with the Deathwatchers had been no picnic.
With another grunt, Heartbane stepped back, the fire in her eyes fading somewhat. In another blink, the dagger was gone again. “Why don’t you just get to the point, then, and put us both out of our misery?” She asked tiredly.
“You have no future with Berilo Fisher,” Endu said bluntly. “Even if you were able to bear and give birth to a son now, the value would always be with the child, not with you. Help us save Arico’s life. Help him overthrow Berilo, and the Council! Only then will you have the opportunities you’ve been denied since birth. Only then will we have a chance to give those opportunities to every girl born in Patchwork, Sustained or stra’tchi!”
Heartbane chuckled. “Your offer is ironic, given what my father promised me. All I have to do is kill you and he’ll make me his heir. I’ll have the future I deserve and my father’s respect at the same time.”
So the old man had been foolish enough to offer a reward. Good, that would work in their favor. Endu spread her hands again. “Then do it. Take out that dagger of yours and stab me in the heart. If what Arico told me is true, you can then vanish into thin air, take my corpse to your father, and get your reward. If you really believe he’ll make you heir, or that the Council will let him, then you should kill me now and not look back.”
For a moment, the two of them just stared each other in the eyes. Velya, the children, the other ladies, even the guards outside the park seemed to just not exist. That moment stretched into seconds, though, and finally Heartbane looked away.
“Do you really think Arico would be any different?” She asked after a moment. “That he would give me any power or control, if I was foolish enough to try and oust my father? Or if we were suicidally lucky enough to succeed?”
“He is different,” Endu said without hesitation, and Velya nodded her agreement. “He was raised as a stra’tchi, remember? He’s never had any desire to lead or control anyone—only to help the downtrodden. At his core, he’s still a farm kid from Tellek patch, despite his complicated family history.” Endu smiled, openly for once. “If you help us, I’m sure he’ll make you head of House Fisher in his place.”
Heartbane gave her a sardonic look. “Well, as long as you’re sure, that’s all that matters, isn’t it?”
“Then talk to him!” Endu urged. “Ask him for yourself, if you don’t believe me. He’s in the Spire, isn’t he? You should be able to get in there and confirm everything we’ve told you!”
For another handful of breaths, Heartbane just looked at them, this time a little more evaluatively and a little less venomously. “You should go,” she finally said. “I’ll discuss this with him myself.”
Endu nodded with a little relief. It wasn’t a full victory, to be sure, but it was definitely progress. “If you decide to help us, go to Tollos patch, by the fountain. Put an ‘x’ on the bench next to it. We’ll proceed from there.”
-.-
“Good morning, sir.” Arico blinked away the last vestiges of his troubled sleep and glanced at the window. Outside the Manor’s guest room, dawn was well on its way. From the doorway, Chulesh looked inside respectfully. “The Lord Ascendant has requested you join him for breakfast on the verandah.”
Arico sighed. The Lord Ascendant hadn’t made a request—he’d given an order as per the ta’sana. Arico couldn’t ignore it. He allowed the servant to help him get dressed, and to assist him with showering, shaving and grooming. With a smile, he remembered Jaas’ reaction to him simply showering next to her. It seemed like a lifetime ago.
Ordinarily he would have been embarrassed at needing a stranger to help him with such simple tasks, but things like humiliation were pointless now. So much had happened since that conversation he’d had with Chanul about a dwarven manservant, it felt like he was an entirely different person by now. To his credit, Chulesh was particularly attentive and respectful. No doubt he’d done tasks like this for other Sustained lords, for most of his life.
It had taken some time, but Arico had come to terms with his condition. He needed the help, and he knew it. Even those few hours between sending Jaas and Sabra on their respective paths, and arranging the trade on top of the tower had been difficult.
Still, many Sustained lords and ladies had personal attendants that did just as much for them every day as this one was doing for Arico right now. They didn’t need the help. They were perfectly capable of dressing and bathing themselves. The only reason to have an attendant like that—other than the sexual gratification that was rumored around some of the lords and ladies—was to show superiority. It was sick and pointless, and a waste of both resources and people. Arico’s stomach tightened as he remembered. Wasted people. The trade had been just for Durhu, after all. His other father was dead and gone by now.
He’d known from the beginning that this plan might involve sacrificing the Hauld and Durhu. Those would have been acceptable losses, especially given that Arico would be dead as well, and that the Hauld had given the order. But to lose him before the final moment had even arrived? The Hauld would have hated not being around for the fireworks themselves.
Chulesh applied some lather to his face and gave him a quick and efficient shave. He then pulled out a pair of scissors, but Arico raised an arm to stop him. “Did the Lord Ascendant order a haircut, as well?”
Chulesh shook his head. “Not specifically, sir. I just thought you’d want to look your-”
“Leave it, then,” Arico cut him off. He might as well get this over with. “Let’s go.”
To his surprise, there was one last thing before they went out. Chulesh opened a case filled with metal and wooden hands, each fitted with the same connector on his own wrist-stumps. How the old man had been able to fit them to Arico without examining his wrists… was a mystery. Then Arico drew a deep breath of understanding. They must have found his dwarven prosthetics—the ones he’d left behind before the meeting atop the tower. That would have given them all they needed to make more of their own. It was quick work, though. Even the dwarves had taken several days to build some of their own fake hands.
That meant they’d found the Hideaway. Based on the timeline he and Nemith had set before he’d turned himself in, it should have been abandoned by now. Still, there was no way to know if they all made it out in time. Arico could only hope for the best.
Arico picked a pair of the wooden hands, pretty much based on how light they were. The movable fingers-pair wasn’t here. Probably because it had been made by dwarves and Berilo didn’t want to rely on their work. Arico insisted on wearing a pair of gloves over them, though. At least he’d look normal.
Berilo was already waiting on the terrace above the garden for him. Boiled and scrambled eggs had been laid out, along with bacon, cut potatoes and fruit juice, and Arico’s stomach rumbled. While he did miss dwarven food, and even the more spare meals he’d had back in Tellek patch, he had to admit he was hungry. He waited for the old man to sit down, and then followed suit. When Chulesh took his implements and tried to feed him manually, Arico gave him a glare.
“Just fit a fork and spoon in my hands, and I’ll make do,” he instructed angrily. “Then get out of here.”
Arico immediately felt a flash of shame. The servant was only doing what he’d been trained to do—there was no call to get angry at him. He obeyed quietly, though, showing no signs of distress in response, before leaving just as quietly.
Berilo was smiling faintly at him. “Being in command of others suits you. You wear it well.”
“Don’t read too much into it,” Arico growled, his anger returning. “I’m not a complete invalid, that’s all.”
Berilo nodded understandingly, and set to his own meal.
Arico’s dwarven meals had been similarly prepared. With his old prosthetics he’d been able to eat the food they’d provided without too much difficulty. The same was proving true here, as well. Even his cup had a secure cap to prevent spilling. The old man had probably gone to a lot of effort for all this—which was too bad for him. They ate in silence.
A little while later, the two of them rose and Berilo led the way downstairs, into the garden. “Tell me about your life, Arico,” he said unexpectedly. “About being raised on a farm by Anathdur’hu. About your friends there, and in the Enclave. I know you’ve trained as a commander, and that you’ve seen combat, but I’d like to know more about your interests, or hobbies. Help me to fill in the blanks of what I’ve missed in your life.”
None of that information was restricted by his oath; Arico was compelled to answer truthfully. He did so hesitantly, at first. He described what it was like on a farm—a life he was sure no one in this building or even this patch had any experience living. He talked about his friends, but not by name, and about his training. How he’d been groomed to lead, and to fight, but how he’d never enjoyed either.
No doubt the old man already knew most of this already. He had vast resources and spies all over the city. He’d probably put together a pretty accurate picture of Arico from his own sources, but Arico did have to admit he felt good talking about all of this. His friends were all dead or out of reach by now—Berilo was the only person he could talk to. And the ta’sana meant they had to be honest with each other, which was a relief on its own as well.
Speaking of honesty… “I’ll never be like you, you know,” he said abruptly. “I think I know why you’re trying to cozy up to me, but it won’t work.”
“Oh?” Berilo asked quietly. “Why is it do you think I’m doing all of this? Enlighten me, please.”
“It’s simple enough,” Arico turned to face him. “You need me, in several different ways. As your head of house… your eldest son is dead, and your brother is a weakling. Your daughter is murderous and barren. As leader of the city, you have even more problems. Like you said, most of your Ascendants died in the Enclave, as part of the Hauld’s ‘act of madness’. The Council will continue to challenge you, either as a group or individually. In addition, the moment the truth comes out about you being my father, they’ll use that to discredit you. I’d say you have never needed an ally more than you do right now.”
Berilo paused for a moment. “Very insightful. Every point you just made is true, but none of them are relevant. Did it ever occur to you that I’m also just a father trying to be closer to my son? Trying—in any way I can—to make up for lost time?”
Arico snorted. “You said it yourself. Sentiment is the enemy of true leadership. You may want to be a true father to me, but you’d never let that get in the way of your duties as Lord Ascendant.”
“For once those two goals are the same, though!” Berilo said severely. “Yes, I need you as Lord Ascendant, but I can use that need to serve my personal goals at the same time! Aren’t you curious as well, Arico? Don’t you have questions to ask me, in turn?”
“I already know all I want to about you,” Arico said tiredly. “I know that you were such a monster that my mother conspired to get me and my sister away from you, by any means necessary! I know you betrayed your best friend Cartwright, and tried to burn him up in that fire. And worst of all, I know about all the people you’ve killed!”
Arico took a deep breath. “You were right, earlier. The Hauld was the one who destroyed the keep, not you. No matter how responsible you were in pushing him to that choice, in the end it was his choice. You aren’t responsible for all the dwarves who died, but you did kill everyone in Tellek patch. As well as the people who died during your Beast attacks. And worst of all, every child you’ve had murdered over the years, just because they happened to be born as navigators! Face it, Berilo: you’ve gained your power and held onto it by wading through oceans of blood!”
Surprisingly Berilo gave him a quizzical look, ignoring that last bit entirely. “What did you say? About the children, I mean.”
“Don’t bother denying it,” Arico ground out the accusation, barely remembering to keep his voice low. “Tenlor all but admitted it before he died, and I doubt even he would callously kill children without your permission. They were no threat to you, even as navigators! You could have simply arranged for them to be raised in Sustained territory and out of stra’tchi reach, but instead you had Tenlor kill them all! More than anything else, that’s why I could never be like you.”
Suddenly Arico was aware of the similarities to his own actions just after the destruction of the keep—how he’d killed those men simply to keep his secret. He tried not to think about that, as he glared over at Berilo. The sun was rising at their backs, casting shortening shadows across the garden. In the rising light, Arico could see confusion on the old man’s face, fading into determination.
“Come with me, Arico,” Berilo finally said, taking him by the arm. “There are things you need to see.”
-.-
Chapter 60
Arico had only been to Penntu patch once before, that he could remember. There was his childhood visit as well, but that was nothing but a blur after all this time. Like most inner city patches it was almost entirely buildings, most of which had collapsed with age since the Threading. The Library structure itself was one of the oldest in the whole city, having been repaired and maintained periodically. It had been old even before the Threading: one of the few buildings the ancient Vasiri hadn’t reinforced with their rituals. Why not had been a topic of great controversy among the clerics who worked inside.
The Library was three stories tall, with north and south wings and a reinforced basement. Arico saw at least two dozen guards on the outside, and more inside. It seemed that despite the losses the Ascendants had suffered, their new commander was keen on keeping this place well-guarded.
Berilo just waved the guards aside. None of them questioned him, despite gaping at his choice of companion. Arico’s face was well known by now, even though his ‘hands’ were still gloved. The last time he’d been here during the Laentana, Arico and Sabra had fought their way onto the second floor. They had located and removed Jaas’ belongings, and then ran before reinforcements could arrive. This time though, he and Berilo went downstairs.
At the bottom of the stairs was an ornate stone-and-metal door. A mural of sorts had been carved into its surface, depicting the clerics standing in a line, holding that position. In front of them was pure darkness, or as dark as paint on stone could get, and behind them was the Library itself outlined in shining white paint. It was meant to symbolize their desire to preserve this ‘pure’ knowledge, during the chaos and darkness following the Threading.
Arico felt his lip twist in contempt. As if any of that had happened. In truth, the entire city had been in chaos after the Threading. This Library had only been discovered and restored years later, by the first Council. Revisionist history at its finest.
Berilo loosened his tunic and pulled out a chain from around his neck. The chain was very thin and fine; Arico hadn’t even known it was there. The Lord Ascendant took hold of the small key at the end of the chain, and carefully fitted it in the door’s tiny lock. With a resounding click the door unlatched, and he began pushing it open. “Help me,” he instructed, and Arico reluctantly put his shoulder against the door and pushed as well.
They slowly inched the double doors inward, until the gap was wide enough for a person, before Berilo stopped and wiped at his brow. He held up the key. “There are only two keys like this in the whole city,” he said, looking upstairs briefly. “One for the Lord Ascendant, and the other for the Chronicler here in Penntu patch. I always keep mine around my neck or within arm’s reach. It’s never been copied.”
Arico had heard tales of the Chronicler—the rumored head of the clerics who worked in this patch. The clerics were fiercely independent, resisting many attempts by people from other patches to take control of the Library. They had repeatedly threatened to destroy all the documents stored here rather than let them be taken away, and because the knowledge here was literally one-of-a-kind, in time the Council had agreed to leave them be. Eventually the clerics had chosen a Chronicler from among their own number, much like the initiates had done with the Clarion, and then established a stable arrangement with the Council.
This had been years ago, though. They’d probably lost and replaced Chroniclers dozens of times by now. Arico had no idea what the current brand was like. The door they’d just opened was heavy and reinforced. It had obviously been built with a siege in mind. Their last line of defense, perhaps? Briefly, Arico wished Jaas was here to see this. She’d always been curious about what was hidden away inside Penntu patch.
After a moment Berilo caught his breath and headed inside, down more steps. Arico glumly followed. From below, flickering candlelight filtered up towards them. Arico was reminded of the Hideaway, as the stairs opened up into a wide space, probably twenty or thirty spans below the ground level of the Library.
Lining the walls of the square room were shelves filled with books. Arico licked his lips as he looked over the sheer number. Books were rare and valuable. The Hauld’s personal collection had been among the finest in the city, before it had burned along with everything else. Even with the stamp device the old dwarf had used to copy leaflets and spread the written word, it would have taken years to make copies. This room’s contents were… priceless!
Of course there were many more books on the upstairs levels, guarded and patrolled by the clerics and the Ascendants. These must be of special significance if only the Chronicler and the Lord Ascendant had access.
Speaking of whom, a figure rose from a table in the middle of the room. Candles had been set up around a large stack of parchments, but carefully spaced as to avoid burning any of them. As they moved towards each other, a dark-haired woman, perhaps thirty years of age with piercing green eyes, raised a hand towards them.
“My liege,” she said, obviously startled. “I wasn’t expecting to see you again so soon.” Her eyes tracked over Arico, and narrowed slightly. “Nor did I expect you would so brazenly violate our agreement.” Her voice thickened with anger. “As you are well aware, my liege, this room is restricted to-”
“Yes I know,” Berilo cut her off with a raised hand, “but in this case you’ll have to make an exception. Just as Ja’unna made for Barik, eighty-eight years ago.”
Arico held his breath. He wasn’t concerned for his own safety, so much as for the books. Whatever gambit Berilo was playing at, he was taking a terrible risk. If this woman was the Chronicler, she was more than capable of torching this entire room if she felt the Library’s sanctity had been violated. So many wondrous stories in these books would all go up in smoke.
Come to think of it, he had heard one of those names before. He’d never heard of this Ja’unna, but there had been a Barik Grover, who had been Lord Ascendant back during that time. Ja’unna must have been the Chronicler at the same time. Whatever arrangement had been made could only have been made between those two.
“I assure you, Yashra,” Berilo said soothingly, as she glared at both him and Arico, “this is a similar situation. You can share anything in here with Arico without concern.” He looked to his side, and Arico felt his stomach twist as he recognized pride in the old man’s face. “He’s trustworthy.” With effort, Arico kept his face passive. It didn’t matter what he felt, or how badly he wanted to kill Berilo. It wasn’t time yet, and there were a lot of lives at stake. He bowed slightly in recognition of the compliment.
“Let us both pray you are correct, my liege,” Yashra finally responded, and even Berilo showed signs of relief. “If not, you know there will be penalties for all the Sustained.” With one final look at Arico, she curtsied slightly and then gathered up her scrolls. She then gracefully slipped through the door, and with surprising ease, pulled it closed. They were alone again.
Arico was curious about this arrangement Berilo had apparently just made, but first, he felt some concern about this room’s ventilation. Having lived and trained in the Fishbowl, he was understandably more aware of this than Berilo would be. They were underground in a sealed stone chamber, with six burning candles. Still, it made little sense to be worried. Yashra had apparently been in here for hours before they arrived. Most likely there were cracks in the stone walls, or in the passageway that had led them there, allowing air down in here. Shaking his head, Arico began examining some of the book titles in the shifting candlelight. He deliberately didn’t wait for permission to do so.
Berilo smirked. “Feel free to look around, of course,” he said condescendingly. “You’ll find a lot of very interesting things down here, especially concerning our history.” He stepped over to the far wall and removed one tome, opening it and placing it on the table. Upstairs, books were chained to the wall for fear of theft. Even the Hauld had done similarly, with his own collection. It seemed such precautions were unnecessary down here.
The old man wasn’t kidding. It looked like there were historic records here covering every Lord Ascendant, going all the way back to the first Council! There were even records covering the Threading itself, and the months of darkness between the Threading and when the threads first became transparent to light from the Outside.
There was also a map of four adjacent patches, affixed to the wall next to one of the bookshelves. One of the patches was covered with a multi-colored wreck: the remains of the Crystal Palace. At the bottom of the map were a series of symbols Arico didn’t recognize, and there was a small red ‘x’ on a portion of the patch, near the south end of the Palace.
He peered at the symbols for a few moments. “Is that the Vault?”
“Oh, so you know about that, do you?” Berilo moved around the table to look at the map with him. “Yes, that’s where it was buried during the Threading. I tried to open it myself when I was younger, but nothing came of it. No one’s visited the site in years.”
The Vault. Rumor held that the ancient Vasiri emperors had stored the wealth of a thousand campaigns in there, sealed away safely underneath their palace. It had survived the collapse of the Palace, but no one had been able to get in since then. Fortunately it seemed even Berilo had been stymied by whatever protections had been put in place around it. Arico had toyed with the idea of threading his way in, once he’d learned how to pull on the threads, but the Vasiri were famous for rigging their most valued treasures to be destroyed if they were plundered. Arico might be able to force his way into the Vault, but nothing inside would survive the process.
Moving on, Arico pulled one of those books with difficulty and opened it, but was unable to turn the pages. Suddenly he was back there in the Hideaway with Jaas for the first time, explaining what had happened in those early, and very literally dark, days. Everything he’d told her had been based on the official histories he’d been taught as a child. But these books: they were the source of those histories! Everything the people of Patchwork knew: it was all based here, in this room.
Everything they knew—or had been lied to about. “Tell me, father,” Arico said as it occurred to him, “did you know about wells before I did? Is it written in this room how the Council and the Lords Ascendant before you conspired to hide the truth about the Waters from their own people? I know it wasn’t you personally: the conspiracy goes back much longer than you’ve been alive. Did you know about it, though?”
Berilo shook his head. “No, that was a surprise to me as well. I had no idea that if you dig down far enough you can meet the Waters. I suspect that it was your friend the Harbinger who told you: she is from the Outside, after all. After I found out about these wells of yours, I came here and read through all the histories concerning control over the stra’tchi. Most likely it was the Second or Third Council who started the plan, because it was they who first started the conflict with the dwarves, but I can’t be sure. Whoever did it must have been very careful to keep it out of any written records. They wanted to make sure that even the subsequent Councilors and Lords Ascendant would have no idea that the Waters could be gathered in any other way.”
Arico believed him immediately. Not because of the ta’sana, but because of what the Council had done after the news had spread about wells. Which was nothing, really. If the Council had known the truth, they would have already had a plan in place to discredit any stories like that.
“You’ll have ample time to read every one of these books, Arico,” the old man said curtly, changing the subject, “but this is the one I brought you to see.”
He beckoned, and curiosity more than anything else compelled Arico over to look at it. The page it was open to looked like census records. How many children had been born in each patch, where they’d been sent, the test results for each one, that sort of thing. Pretty dry stuff, comparatively.
Before he could ask though, Berilo was already explaining. “You were right, what you said earlier about the people I’ve killed, or had killed. Cartwright was a special case, and not just because he survived. Still, he was by far not the first nor the last. As you correctly accused, I do have oceans of blood staining my hands. What you clearly don’t know, or at least not completely, is why.”
“What other reason could a man like you have?” Arico asked sourly. “Power, of course.”
Berilo stopped for a moment, and closed his eyes, When he took a deep breath and looked over at Arico again, he looked… sad.
It was the first time Arico had ever seen Berilo Fisher show any sorrow or remorse, and it was jarring. It was like seeing an armored warrior suddenly bereft of his breastplate and open to attack.
“Do you think I enjoy killing, Arico?” He asked wearily. “That I like making people suffer? It was the Council that insisted on poisoning Tellek patch, you know. They felt it was the best way to scare the stra’tchi into line, and to discredit your movement at the same time. I agreed only reluctantly, but I did agree, and that makes me responsible as well.” Berilo sighed, his eyes lost in the past. “When I saw some of those bodies twisted in pain though, with blood staining their nostrils and mouths and ears, I immediately regretted what we’d done. I ordered the Council to destroy the remaining nethrit plants, so it could never happen again.”
“Did you, now?” Arico sneered, raising his stumps. “You did a really first-rate job.”
“I know,” Berilo admitted. “I don’t have the proof yet—my people are still investigating—but I suspect it was Lord Tanner who defied my orders and began planting nethrit in mass amounts. Ever since the Laentana he’s been increasingly afraid of a full-scale stra’tchi uprising, and I don’t doubt he’d do whatever it takes to keep that from happening. He’s like your former friend Ta’anu, actually—willing to wipe out huge portions of the city so that he could rule whatever was left.”
“Ta’anu’s actions were inexcusable, and that’s why I stopped him.” Arico said evenly. “You should have done the same, even risking your life like I did, to stop Tanner, or whoever it was growing that plant.”
“You’re right,” Berilo said just as evenly. “I failed, and you lost your hands because of me. I’ll have to live with that for the rest of my days.” That left an awkward pause between them for a few moments.
“What about the Beast attacks, then?” Arico said, trying to keep up the verbal assault. “Are you going to tell me that was the Council’s idea too, and that you were opposed?”
“No, I fully supported that idea. I also gave the Beasts strict orders to frighten and injure only. They were to avoid taking lives or causing permanent harm at all costs. They were only meant to scare people, nothing more.”
“People still died,” Arico said stubbornly. “That’s on you as well.”
“Violence is rarely a precision instrument, Arico!” Berilo said severely. It seemed like the conversation was finally starting to strain the old man’s patience. Arico wasn’t sure what he hoped to gain by pushing Berilo like this, but it did feel good.
“But you know that already, don’t you?” Berilo continued, his voice still a little raw. “Tell me, when you and your giant friend invaded Sevvas patch to steal my sparkpowder, did you plan to kill that guard? I saw his body after you left. His head was cracked open like an egg, and his brains had been splattered all over the wall!”
Arico grimaced. That hadn’t been him, though. That had been-
“I doubt you did that,” Berilo went on, seemingly reading his mind. “It would take giant strength to do something that extreme. Regardless, that guard might still be alive if you hadn’t conducted your little raid. His death is on you, isn’t it? And what about the men you killed during the Ascendants’ attack on the Enclave?”
Berilo stopped abruptly at that, and gave a grimace. “I shouldn’t have just blurted it out like that; I’m sorry. You clearly want to keep it a secret. At least no one else was around to hear.”
“The men I killed?” Arico echoed carefully, trying to sound puzzled. He raised his stumps again. “Are you sure about that? I’m not exactly in top fighting form here. How could I have killed even one of your soldiers like this?”
“You can drop the pretense, Arico,” Berlio went on dismissively. “One of my men witnessed the whole ordeal from the threads. He even saw you come back after the fact, to dispose of the evidence. A smart move on your part—I doubt even I could have kept this a secret if you hadn’t gotten rid of those bodies in a timely manner. No, I know exactly what you did. How you did it is another story entirely. I look forward to hearing that story, whenever you’re ready to tell it.”
Arico felt a little sick. He’d hoped to keep his abilities—and his crimes—hidden away at least for now, but that had never even been a possibility, had it? “How… many people know by now?” He asked faintly. If they knew what he could do, they certainly wouldn’t let him anywhere near the Spire or the Council. His surrender would have been for nothing!
Berilo put his hands on Arico’s shoulders. “Don’t worry, son. I made sure that your secret would stay just between us. No one on the Council knows, and I intend to keep it that way, at least until you say otherwise. If word gets out about your impressive ability, there’s no telling how people might react. If they felt that you or your sister, who obviously is the same as you, were any kind of threat, they might try to have you killed. Violence, as I said before, is rarely precise.”
“What about the kids who’ve been murdered, though?” Arico said as he shrugged off the old man’s arms, still feeling dismayed at just how much Berilo knew about him. “You can’t possibly defend that. Nor can the Council.”
“Ah, now at last we come to it,” Berilo said, his voice now fully back in control. “I’m the vicious monster, right? I’m the child-killer who could have easily let those kids live, relocated safely to Sustained territory. They would have been well cared for, yes? As navigators they would have had every luxury, every chance to learn. Except for one small detail: none of them were navigators.”
“What are you talking about?” Arico asked suspiciously. Endu’s story about her daughter rang through his ears again. “Of course they were navigators. That’s the only reason you and the Council would have any interest in them in the first place!”
Berilo shook his head. “No, Arico. My crime is far worse than you know. Navigator children are rare among the stra’tchi. It’s pretty much been bred out of them by now, but still, perhaps one in a thousand is born a navigator? Fewer than that? You think I’ve ordered the deaths of a few dozen children perhaps, but over the course of the last forty years or so the true number is actually in the thousands. I did so because those children were a threat, but not to the Sustained or to the Council or to me. No, they were a threat to the stra’tchi themselves!”
“What are you saying?” Arico said reflexively, a horrible suspicion rising in his gut. He couldn’t possibly mean-
“Those deaths were population control, nothing more,” Berilo bit out, much as Arico would have given unpleasant news. “We had to keep the stra’tchi patches from becoming overcrowded, or they would have all starved to death by now!”
On instinct, Arico shook his head. “No. That’s ridiculous. There hasn’t been a population problem for centuries. Not since one of your precious ancient Councils started moving kids around in the first place. The Ritual of Rejoining was meant specifically-”
“The Rejoining doesn’t work, Arico!” Berilo cut him off dismissively. “It never did! There,” he jabbed a finger at the book he’d laid out on the table. “Read it for yourself. It’s all in there, written in their own words!”
Slowly, almost unwillingly, Arico turned his gaze to the book below. A book which perhaps, could take the most fundamental truth Arico had known for his entire life and turn it on its head.
-.-
Hours later, Arico leaned back with a sigh. “That’s enough,” he instructed the servant who’d been turning the pages for him. “You can go.” The servant—one Berilo had chosen specifically because he couldn’t read—bowed and scurried off quietly, leaving Arico all alone with his thoughts. As usual, Chulesh stood silently outside.
He was back in Sevvas patch, in the guest quarters of the Lord Ascendant’s manor. Ordinarily that thought would have been unsettling enough, but with all the news he’d been processing over the past few days, it barely even registered. Facing the truth about the Hauld had been difficult enough, but this?
Berilo had allowed him to bring a few books back with them, as long as he kept them in this room at all times. It seemed he had been telling the truth. The Ritual of Rejoining was a meaningless exercise.
Arico had gone over the statistics again and again, trying to find a flaw in the ancient clerics’ recordkeeping, but there hadn’t been any to find. Arico had even considered that the books may be some kind of forgery, but there was no way the clerics in Penntu patch would have gone along with that. They were genuine, all right.
When the Rejoining had been instituted, birth rates across all stra’tchi patches hadn’t changed at all! Moving children around from patch to patch may have stopped any inbreeding, and it may have protected the patches from disease at least in the distant past, but it had no effect at all on overpopulation. All those people had been giving up their children for centuries, for no reason at all!
He had to tell them.
With the ta’sana oath tying his hands—metaphorically—Arico’s credibility would be marginal at best. He could wait for the Twin Suns, when he’d be free again. No, that wouldn’t work. By then his best chance to wipe out the Council would be gone, and he’d have to wait months or even a full year for another shot at it.
Perhaps the Clarion could help. If Arico could arrange a meeting, he could tell the Clarion everything, and he might just believe it. Berilo had forbidden him from showing these books to anyone, but he’d foolishly forgotten to tell Arico to keep his mouth shut.
There were so many implications to this, though! It was almost as world-shattering as the truth about the wells had been. It had been over two hundred years since the ancient Council had learned that the Rejoining was useless. The Sustained had been involved in Tumult after Tumult against each other for all that time, because they had enough navigators to access each others’ patches. They had no need for any population control because they killed each other regularly. The stra’tchi had no such access, though.
Arico did some calculations in his head. Nearly three quarters of the humans in the city were stra’tchi. So about sixty thousand of them having children, over the forty-plus years Berilo had been Lord Ascendant… that meant thousands of children had met their end during his reign—perhaps tens of thousands! It was unthinkable. And yet…
Arico could remember talking to Jaas about this, what seemed like a lifetime ago. He’d told her about what the ancient Vasiri survivors had done after the Threading. How they’d slaughtered hundreds of thousands of people to keep them from starving. He’d also described his own experiences with starvation, and how devastating it could be, especially to a child. What was a quick death at the end of a sword compared to that kind of suffering?
Ta’anu must have known about this as well, Arico realized. He had a son, back in his home patch, and no doubt would have done anything and everything to protect him. Berilo and the Council certainly had no compunction slaughtering children for ‘the well-being of all stra’tchi’. It was no surprise, really. Arico doubted any of them had ever even met a real stra’tchi for themselves. It would be easy for them to separate themselves from the consequences of their actions.
Could he do the same, though? According to the books, the people had chosen the Ritual of Rejoining. They’d been told that there wasn’t enough farmland to feed everyone if they continued to breed at their current rate. Several options had been presented, and the Rejoining had been the only one they could stomach. Certainly they wouldn’t have done it if they’d known the end result, though. No, they had to be told the truth.
His mind made up, Arico rose and went over to the door. He tapped on the door with his wooden hand and Chulesh opened it. “Yes, sir?”
A bit taken aback with how quickly the man had responded, Arico gestured him to come inside. “Listen, I want you to go get the Clarion and bring him here. Tell him I have information even more profound than the last little tidbit I gave him.” That should get his attention at least. The last time, the Clarion had been able to investigate and eventually execute a man. For killing children, ironically enough given the Council’s crimes.
The servant shook his head apologetically. “I’m sorry sir, but the Lord Ascendant gave strict instructions. You are permitted to speak to no one save him or myself. No exceptions.”
Arico let out a frustrated sigh. So much for Berilo making a foolish mistake. He’d just given the order to other people, that was all. “Very well. Take me to the Lord Ascendant, then. He said he had more to tell me when I was ready, and I am now.”
In truth, he wasn’t really sure that he was ready. However the more he could engage with the old man, the more likely it was he’d be able to get the truth out there. After all, there was plenty of politicking and intrigue in this patch. Perhaps someone would even sneak into his room while he was away and read the book—though he supposed he shouldn’t count on being that lucky.
Strangely, Arico found himself wishing he could talk to Hazra as well. Not only did he want to spend more time with his sister, but he could use her insights as well. Berilo had proven to be more complicated than Arico had first assumed, and Hazra had been raised by him. Perhaps she could clarify things for Arico, if he got the chance to see her.
“Wait,” he said suddenly, and Chulesh came to a stop.
Arico eyed the dagger on the servant’s belt. Perhaps now was a good time to test Chulesh’s skills and dedication. The nearby window was open, and the nearest threads were to the south, just through it. They were still in his room in the manor, and Arico pulled the door closed so no one else could see.
“All Fisher servants are trained in combat, correct?” Chulesh nodded. “Then draw that dagger of yours and show me some of the forms you use.”
The young man nodded again, and gingerly unstrapped his dagger. For the next few minutes he jabbed and twisted, moving fluidly but confidently. He knew a great many forms, some of which were similar to the dwarven styles more familiar to Arico. It wasn’t a full demonstration of course, as he had no one to fight, but what he could show was impressive.
Arico shook his head though, trying to look disappointed. “That’s enough,” he said grimly, and Chulesh came to a stop.
“You’re of no use to me,” he went on, putting an edge in his tone, “and you know too much to be sent back. I want you to take that dagger… and stab it into your heart.”
He had expected some hesitation, or even resistance, but he got neither. Chulesh carefully positioned the dagger, and then pulled it hard against himself.
Fortunately Arico was ready. He had already taken ahold of the threads while giving the order, so he was able to thread the blade as Chulesh pulled on it. Only the hilt thudded against his chest. Even so, it was a near thing. Arico had to release the threads just as Chulesh was done stabbing, for fear of destroying his hands as well.
Arico was unnerved. Reading about blind loyalty was one thing, but observing it? Ordering a man to kill himself and watching him immediately try to do it? This was… surreal!
Chulesh looked at the dagger curiously, and his breathing had noticeably sped up. He lifted what was left of it and looked back at Arico. “A test?” He asked raggedly. Now that Berilo had discovered what Arico could do, he felt more free to use his abilities around others. This had been the perfect opportunity to see just how far Chulesh would go to follow an order.
Arico nodded. “One which you passed with flying colors.” He waited a bit. “Forgive me—I’m not used to seeing such loyalty up close. It’ll take me some time to get used to it.”
It was also the kind of test only a non-navigator could take. If he’d tried it on a navigator, the threads wouldn’t have harmed the blade, and the navigator would be a corpse by now. “Do you have any further tests, or questions, or objections for me, sir?” Chulesh asked wryly, as he hefted what was left of the dagger from one hand to another.
Arcio smiled. “No, I’m sure you’ll make an excellent bodyguard and manservant. I do have a request, though. I don’t just want someone who can dress me and protect me. I also want an advisor: someone familiar with how House Fisher does things. I doubt I can get a straight answer from the Lord Ascendant, but I expect one from you. Don’t hesitate to speak up if you need to say something… though you may want to wait until we’re in private, depending on where we are later on. Understood?”
Chulesh straightened up, and gave him that same confident-yet-detached look that seemed to be his trademark. “Yes sir.” As he followed Chulesh out of the room, Arico felt a little less downtrodden. He may be doomed to die in a day or so, but at least he knew there was one good man who would survive.
-.-
Chapter 61
Chulesh led the way back up to the balcony where Berilo had first embraced Arico. The old man was up there, hands spread on the guardrail as he looked down over the garden. After dismissing the servant, he gave Arico a searching look. “That was quick,” he commented dryly. “Either you’re a very fast reader indeed, or you skipped some parts.”
“I got the gist,” Arico said curtly. “Besides, you’ve read all those books, and you can’t lie to me, so I can just get it from you.”
Berilo spread his arms. “Anything you want to know is yours for the asking.”
Arico gave him a snide look. “All right. The books mentioned that the old Councils tried a few different methods to curb overpopulation, before the Rejoining even started. They don’t give any details though, and they don’t say why they stopped whatever it was they were doing. Do you know?”
Berilo shook his head. “Not precisely. None of those details are anywhere in Penntu patch, believe me. All I know is what is rumored about what happened back then. One of the stories say that before the Rejoining, it was common practice to keep stra’tchi patches at a one-to-three ratio, women to men. Any women above that number were put to the sword, to keep more children from being born. Another story describes a lottery system, where the right to bear children was decided by the toss of a die or the drawing of straws. There are other possibilities that may have been tried as well—each bloodier than the last.”
He sighed heavily. “All I know for sure is that whenever one of those systems failed, a great many people died. Entire patches were purged. I … realize how horrible the Ritual of Rejoining is, Arico. I’m not blind to just what it is I’ve done. At least this way the parents believe their children still live, though! Even if the chances they’ll see them again are miniscule, they can still have hope. None of the other methods did anything like that.”
Arico was silent for a while. When he had been much younger, Durhu had told him, just once, about changelings. How centuries ago, when stra’tchi parents had had a baby who was feeble or sickly, they would claim the baby wasn’t theirs. They would say that the Shemra had replaced their own child with this changeling baby, and they simply wouldn’t care for it. They would leave the child out in the open, to die of exposure. No one would rescue the baby, because they all believed it!
Was that kind of superstition better or worse than what was going on now? How could he judge what his own primitive ancestors had believed, if he hadn’t actually lived among them? Arico grimaced. For all he knew, all of this hesitation and doubt he’d been experiencing was just the Shemra at work. Perhaps they could sense his weakness, and had inflicted Berilo and his constant rationalizations upon Arico.
“Regardless of what really happened back then, I suspect the Rejoining won’t last much longer,” Berilo continued into the silence. Arico was dimly aware of the old man giving him a concerned look, as if trying to snap him out of it. “Either the truth will get out, and the stra’tchi will simply stop cooperating, or you will put an end to it,” he said nonchalantly.
That got through Arico’s musings. “Me?” He asked, blinking in surprise.
Berilo chuckled slightly. “You, Arico. You aren’t just the future of House Fisher, you know. You’ll be Lord Ascendant too, I’m sure of it. And you will do great things with that power.” Arico’s first reaction was incredulity. It must have shown on his face, because Berilo laughed again, a little louder.
“You’re insane,” he said, his disbelief turning to anger. “The whole Council wants me dead. We both know they’ll insist that I die, right alongside the… ‘Hauld’ at the Twin Suns. Even if you somehow convince them to spare me, there are a hundred other things standing in the way! Including the fact that I’d be replacing you! As if anything short of death itself could get you to give up power,” he added sardonically.
“You’re wrong,” Berilo said softly. “And you judge me too harshly. It’s true I am ambitious—it’s served me well over the years. However, isn’t it the greatest wish of any father to have sons not just capable of replacing him, but also surpassing him? Any good father, anyway,” he put in that condition sourly. Probably because of his own father—Arico had heard some depressing things about that relationship.
Shaking his head, Berilo went on slowly. “I loved Tenlor deeply, but I wasn’t blind to his faults. Despite all of his training, his experience, and his skill in battle, the only thing Tenlor could inspire in others was fear. Being feared is valuable in a leader, but it’s not enough. That’s why I’ve strived so hard to earn respect from the people as well. But you, Arico? You could be so much more than either of us! You could be a leader who isn’t just feared and respected, but is also loved by the people!”
Arico grimaced tightly. He didn’t want any of that. Being appreciated was all well and good, but Berilo seemed to think he’d end up being worshiped like some kind of god! “As if any of those qualities matter to the Council,” Arico said harshly, giving another reason why it could never work.
“The Council may not have a choice in the matter, actually,” Berilo went on, smiling slightly. “Don’t underestimate the effect you’ve had on this city, my son. You’ve spent months going from stra’tchi patch to stra’tchi patch, reaching out to people. Teaching them how to read, telling them about their past, and how to communicate with each other, independently of any navigators! You were raised among them, so you know how to get through to them. Even the Deathwatchers hold you in high esteem, and we both know how hard it is to impress them.”
Berilo took him by the shoulders. His voice gained intensity and excitement as he went on. “As for the Sustained, the rumors have gone all over the city a dozen times by now. How a crazed lunatic tried to poison everyone at the Aquunsaya—everyone in the city, really—and how you saved them all, risking your own life and losing your hands to do it! I didn’t try to quash those rumors, despite what my advisors wanted me to do. I wasn’t sure you were my son at the time, but some part of me wanted people to know what you’d done for them.”
So the rumors hadn’t just been spread by the Thornes after all. It figured: his father’s hubris had done more to bolster Arico’s reputation than anything Arico himself could have done. “Even so, the nobility will never accept me,” Arico put in. “Not after what I did at the Laentana, or after my association with the dwarves.”
“Don’t be so sure.” Berilo said confidently. “The Laentana grabbed people’s attention all over the city. It allowed the Clarion to convict and execute a deeply corrupt man. There’s also a growing number of younger Sustained nobles who disagree with the Council’s views. You’re something of an icon to them, despite your unfortunate upbringing,” he eyed Arico’s shoulder brand briefly. “It won’t take much to convince them that trading with the stra’tchi as equals would be preferable to the Tumultuous alternative.”
He gave a slow smile. “Before long the Council won’t have any choice but to accept you as one of them, or risk making enemies of every other noble family in Patchwork!” He paused for a moment. “If you’re worried about how to handle the Councilors themselves, don’t be. I’ll give you detailed information on all of them: enough to outmaneuver them whenever they start causing trouble.”
This was getting way out of hand. “Stop it!” Arico blurted out suddenly. “Just… stop it, Berilo. I’m not what you think! I don’t want to lead, or control, or rule anyone. I never have!”
“That’s just one more reason why you’d be good at it,” Berilo went on implacably. “People who want power just for its own sake rarely use it well. It’s the people who start out viewing power as just a means to an end: those are the people best suited to using it.”
“But I’m not like you, either!” Arico went on. “I could never oversee mass murder, like you have! I actually like living on a farm, tilling a field, and raising livestock. I like the simple life of a farming patch, where communities are close and friends are closer. I’ve never wanted to be any kind of noble, or wanted anything to do with them. Despite all of your creature comforts, and all the power that comes with being in charge, all that wealth and privilege only serves to separate you from each other. You weren’t raised as a stra’tchi—you don’t know what it’s like to have to rely on your neighbors for nothing more than survival!”
Arico paused to take a breath, and Berilo’s raised eyebrows were his only response at first. Either he found Arico’s outburst amusing, or was just surprised at being contradicted so forcefully. “You say that you’re not like me,” the old man finally said. “You say that you could never kill the undeserving, as I have. But you did kill those soldiers outside the dwarven keep, and then again outside the Fishbowl. You were responsible for the guard’s death, over in the Spire,” he glanced out the window at the white tower in the distance.
“Combat situations, every one,” Arico responded uncomfortably. “Every life I took was in the heat of battle, to protect myself and my people.” Again, Arico was frustratingly aware of just how untrue that was in some cases.
Berilo nodded. “As any soldier would do, yes. Boss Pratun of Tsobba patch might say differently, though. He betrayed you and the other patch leaders, didn’t he? You wanted him to pay for that with his life. As I understand it, you even offered to execute him yourself. That was hardly a combat situation.”
Arico felt his stomach twist. He hadn’t thought about Pratun in a while now. He remembered vividly how Pratun had begged for his life, and how Arico had in turn, coldy and calmly, said he would do whatever he could to make sure that the other patch leaders put him to death.
But there was no way the Lord Ascendant could have known that. Pratun had remained in his cell. He had died along with all the dwarves when the keep had been destroyed. “How… do you know that?” Arico asked as calmly as he could. “Pratun is dead and gone, as are anyone else who could have told you.”
“Oh, Boss Pratun is very much alive,” Berilo assured him gravely. “The Ascendants got him out at about the same time they took the Hauld and his bodyguard. He’s over there, in the Spire dungeons right now.” He waved a hand out the window for emphasis.
At first Arico thought he was bluffing; trying to make Arico feel vulnerable and exposed. But how else could he have known what Pratun had said, unless he really did have the man in custody?
This was catastrophic! Pratun knew the names of all eleven other patch leaders at that meeting, including Bloodeye! If he told the Council, all of them would die—along with anyone else the Council thought was complicit in their actions! At worst, they could decide to purge all eleven patches, killing… over a thousand people, to make sure that no one else would ever rise up against them.
Tanner, certainly, would try to push that agenda. Berilo had been quite clear on Tanner’s motivations and actions. “Has he been interrogated yet?” Arico asked with some difficulty.
“Only lightly. I wanted to know everything I could about you, before you arrived. His other secrets, such as the names of your movement friends for example, are still his alone.”
“What are you waiting for, then?” Arico bit out. “With what he knows, you could cripple the entire movement! Or if you want to keep your hands clean, why not just hand him over to the Council, and let them destroy your enemies for you?!”
Berilo sighed. “You still don’t understand, Arico. These people may be my enemies, but I don’t want them destroyed. By Aquun, they’re citizens of Patchwork—my own people! At the very least I want to make peace with them, or bring them back into the fold if I can.”
He wrung his hands and looked over at Arico, frustration mounting in his voice. “I didn’t wipe out the dwarves, and I don’t want to destroy these people either. That’s why I’ve kept Pratun away from the Council. I don’t trust my ‘faithful’ Councilors to show any restraint in this matter. If they get their hands on him, they’ll paint the city red trying to root out any opposition to their rule. Hundreds, perhaps thousands will die without any attempt made to make peace. I won’t let that happen.”
At least they had that much in common. Arico breathed a sigh of relief. Berilo only wanted to keep the peace so he could maintain power, but at least he was willing to preserve his people’s lives in the process.
“So what will you do with him, then?” Arico asked curiously. “Send him home with a warning never to tell anyone?”
Berilo shook his head again. “No, he’ll stay where he is for now. In the long term, his fate will be up to you. If you want, tomorrow after the Twin Suns, you can send him home.”
Arico growled. “You still think of me as your heir—that someday I’ll take your place and rule the city—but you’re wrong. I have nothing in common with these Sustained lords and ladies. I couldn’t rule them even if I wanted to!” He snorted. “And if you were hoping I could at least have an heir of my own, you’re out of luck there, too. Hazra and I are in the same boat when it comes to having kids. Too bad for you, I guess.” He glared at the old man for a few moments.
Berilo only gave him a slight smile. “I think you have more in common with the nobility than you’re willing to admit. From what I’ve heard, you almost married one. Or had you forgotten about Lady Nouma Hooper?” He leaned forward, looking over the rail down into the foyer on the first level, and then casually pointed.
There, just inside the main door and chatting animatedly with several noblewomen from different houses, was Nouma!
A black fog seemed to cloud over Arico’s vision for a moment, and he started trembling with rage. “By the Many—how dare you bring her into this?” He snapped, again barely remembering to stay quiet. “She’s innocent—we can both agree on that. She has nothing to do with either the movement or the Council!”
“Calm yourself, Arico,” Berilo gently pulled him away from the rail and back out of sight. “Yes, she is innocent, but I didn’t ‘bring her into this’ as you say. She chose to get involved.” He looked out the window again, briefly. “Let’s take a walk, shall we?”
-.-
Outside under the sun, the Lord Ascendant did need some guards. They stayed a bit back though, on his insistence. Arico trailed him angrily, still fuming that Nouma was here of all places! Thankfully she hadn’t seen them when they’d left the manor, and now that they were headed to the Spire, it was looking less and less likely she’d stumble on him by accident.
He should have known this would happen. His participation in the movement had swept up everyone else he knew, affecting them all, including Jaas. Why shouldn’t it strike people he’d once known, as well? Celebrity or infamy. Regardless of who you asked, it seemed they both had the same effect on his loved ones: chaos.
“After your little stunt at the Laentana, there was a mad scramble for information about you,” Berilo explained as they went on. “Everyone and their mother wanted to know everything about you, including myself. I found out that one of your previous names was Timot Brower, from Exxos patch, and I put out a call for information about that name. Nouma was one of the first to respond. We’ve had quite a few conversations since then. She never really got along with Hazra, but she has become quite popular with the other noblewomen. She’s at the manor most days now, chatting and socializing with her friends.” So that was how he’d tangled her up in his webs. It was typical, really.
“She told me a great deal about you as well,” Berilo said as Arico glared at the back of his head. “Or rather, who you were pretending to be. I was surprised to hear it, though. Since her family had no real power or influence with the Council at the time, I couldn’t figure out why you had been ordered to infiltrate her life. It didn’t make sense for the Hauld to waste a resource as valuable as you on someone as unimportant as her.” Berilo looked back at him for a moment. “Unless… it wasn’t his idea.”
Something in Arico’s expression must have confirmed his theory, because Berilo nodded again. “So Nouma was someone special to you after all. Interesting.”
He pulled open the side door to the Spire, about a third of the way around from the main entrance, and went inside. The guards stayed behind, trusting the Ascendants inside to protect their master. Arico felt a slight sense of relief. Regardless of this Nouma situation, he could at least kill two fish with one spear-throw. Pratun was here, presumably in one of the cells in the basement. When he brought down the Spire, Pratun and all the knowledge he’d been carrying would be extinguished as well. There would be no danger to the Deathwatchers or the other potential rebel patches after that.
In fact, they were headed to the basement now. “She’s a lovely girl,” Berilo droned on, as they made their way through the circular passage towards the stairs heading down. “Not the person I would have chosen for you of course, but I can see why you were attracted to her. She was smart enough to run her own family until she married. She’s a powerful navigator like you, which means she comes from an excellent bloodline. She definitely has spirit, and she’s strong and healthy. She is a few years too old for you, though. You were seventeen when you were together, and she was what? Twenty-two?” He shrugged. “Well, you were young. It’s understandable that you would aim low.”
“You sound like you’re describing a horse instead of a person,” Arico said sourly. “What, did you check her teeth as well?”
Berilo gave him a humorless smile. “It’s true, matchmaking among nobles can be a bit impersonal,” he admitted. “It’s an unfortunate reality of life among the rich. People can be seen as a commodity first and humans second. I’ve grown used to it over the years, and so will you. Speaking of her son, do you know how old he is?” He asked offhandedly.
Arico shrugged. “I don’t know. Twelve, maybe thirteen? I’ve never actually met him. I didn’t want to get too close, for fear of disrupting her life.”
Berilo paused in front of the basement door and looked over at him. “He’s fifteen, actually. Had his birthday a few weeks ago—Nouma told me all about it.” He cocked his head slightly. “You said that you couldn’t father children. How sure are you about that?”
For a moment, Arico had to roll that sentence around in his head.
Berilo’s implication was clear. Arico had stayed away from Nouma for years at first, hesitant to even ask about her. When he’d finally looked closer, into her husband’s business and life, he’d just assumed about her son. But if the boy really was fifteen years old, well… Arico had been gone from her life almost sixteen. “No,” he heard himself say automatically. “No, she would have told me. It’s not possible.”
Berilo nodded somberly. “You may be right. The boy may be Lord Hooper’s son, as his mother has claimed since the beginning. The timing is close enough for either option to be true, but she also told me about her life with ‘Timot’. How he’d claimed his father had disowned him, and thrown him out of the house. She said she tried to find his father, and that’s how she discovered you’d been lying to her.”
“When she confronted me, I just left. I couldn’t tell her the truth—not without endangering her forever,” Arico said faintly.
“That’s understandable,” Berilo said, and his tone seemed quite genuine. “Did she ever tell you why she went looking for your fake father, though? What prompted it, after you told her how the two of you didn’t get along?” After a moment, Arico shook his head.
“It could have been mere curiosity, of course,” Berilo went on. “Nothing more than a desire to understand her illicit lover a little better. Or it might have been something more. Perhaps a young woman in love, finding out she’s with child, and then spontaneously deciding to reach out and mend her lover’s relationship with his father, so that the baby might know his grandfather. Especially since her own parents had already passed, and she didn’t have any other close relatives to share with her baby.”
He paused for a moment. “I never asked her—nor would I. It’s her secret to keep, after all. Ultimately, the only person who knows for sure is Lady Nouma herself. Other than your friend Cartwright, that is.”
His voice had gotten fainter and fainter as he’d gone along. Or perhaps Arico’s mind had just been farther and farther away. Then suddenly he realized who he’d been talking to. Arico shook his head to clear it, and grimaced. “It doesn’t matter,” he said firmly. “Even if the boy is… mine, it doesn’t change anything. He’s happy where he is, and clearly a lot safer. She obviously understands that, and I’ll respect her wishes.”
Berilo raised his hands placatingly, before opening the door into the basement detention area. “That’s your decision, certainly. In any case, it would be problematic to bring these theories to light right now. Especially for her.” He shrugged. “There are many other young women in the city I would consider to be acceptable daughter-in-law material anyway.”
He led the way down to one of the closed rooms on the left. “I suspect you’re as particular in your choices as I am. Still, if none of them suit you,” he opened the cell door, “perhaps you’d be interested in someone a little more exotic?” There was a figure in the middle of the cell, tied to a chair and tightly gagged. Arico’s breath caught when he got a look at the prisoner’s face.
It was Jaas.
-.-
Chapter 62
“Easy now!” Berilo warned him, as Arico started to move inside. With surprising speed the old man placed himself in the doorway between them, and held his arms out to keep Arico at bay. “Under the ta’sana, I order you to stand where you are!” His voice was firm but understanding, as if he was talking to a misbehaving pet of some kind.
Grimacing, Arico came to a stop. There were two guards in the room as well, now that he could see to either side of the door. In his current condition, he couldn’t help her. Not without pulling on the threads, and that would ruin his larger plan.
At least Jaas hadn’t been injured as far as he could see. She strained against her bonds and her muffled voice could be heard even through the gag. She didn’t seem to be afraid so much as… determined? That was Arico’s guess, anyway.
Berilo closed the door quickly, blocking sight again. He stepped away from Arico with a look of surprise and concern. “Well, that was exciting, wasn’t it? You can move now, but you will not open that door, understood?”
Arico’s heart was beating fast and his breaths were ragged, but he grudgingly nodded at that. What in the Many was she doing here? She’d been safe—he’d seen to that! “She was found wandering around Krellik patch yesterday afternoon,” Berilo said, glancing back at the door. “At almost the same place she was picked up three months ago, actually. She hasn’t been interrogated, or harmed in any way, if that’s your concern. The Ascendants who arrested her knew enough to treat her very carefully.”
“What do you plan to do with her?” Arico ground out, closing his eyes for a moment. Regardless of the answer, it seemed pretty clear she’d be kept here inside the Spire for the next few days. Which meant if he went forward with his plan, it would mean killing her, too.
“I’m not sure, actually,” Berilo said with a little more confidence. He gestured down the hall, and Arico glumly started moving in that direction. After a few moments he unlocked another door, revealing Pratun inside.
This cell was slightly better furnished, obviously meant for longer stays. Pratun leapt to his feet from the bunk in the corner as soon as he saw Berilo, and then his eyebrows narrowed with confusion upon spotting Arico. “My liege! I am at your serv-” He cut off as Berilo raised a hand to stop him. The old man then closed and locked that door as well.
“Just to show you he’s here, so you can be sure,” he explained as he led the way back up the stairs to the ground level.
For an instant, Arico considered pulling on the threads to kill Pratun right now. He didn’t know which direction they’d come from though, so it might take a few seconds. Besides, even if he succeeded, the Council would know what he could do and they’d never get anywhere near him.
Berilo continued, apparently unaware of Arico’s brief internal struggle. “As for the Harbinger, of course the Council knows she’s here. There was no way to keep a prisoner of her importance secret. They don’t know what to do with her either. Some of them want her killed, some want her kept here as long as she can provide useful information. Some even wanted to parade her in front of the people as some kind of symbolic victory. Since none of them can agree, she’s just being kept here for now. As with Pratun, her ultimate fate will be up to you. After the Twin Suns, that is.”
“Then why gag her?” Arico asked angrily. “I’m sure the guards can be trusted to keep whatever she might say a secret. She’s no navigator, either. There’s no need to restrain her like that!”
Berilo sighed, and gave him a wry look. “I’m not an idiot, Arico. It’s no coincidence that we picked her up in broad daylight in a nearly abandoned patch, mere days before the Twin Suns. Obviously she let herself get captured, probably so that she could get a message to you. I don’t know what she’s planning, but I can’t let it interfere with the ceremony tomorrow. She’ll be kept safe, I promise you.” Clearly unwilling to discuss it further, Berilo turned away and beckoned Arico to follow.
They made their way up two more flights of stairs, and then to a large set of double doors. Arico didn’t recognize them at first, but when Berilo opened them, he knew what he was seeing. These were the Council chambers themselves, looking over the rest of Sevvas patch. Berilo took his seat at the far end of the table and gestured for Arico to sit down as well. From there, Arico could see how the Lord Ascendant was situated compared to the rest of the Council. It was subtle, but it gave an impression of superiority, the way his seat was framed against the backdrop of the window. Any Councilor looking in that direction was also being bombarded with the imagery of the Lord Ascendant supported by the whole city.
“It all comes down to what happens tomorrow, doesn’t it?” Berilo said suddenly. “The Twin Suns have always been important, but this one will be especially so because of you. What you say there, in front of representatives from every single patch, will have lasting repercussions for all of Patchwork.” He smiled slightly. “I’d offer you the services of a speechwriter, if I had the slightest idea what you plan to say.”
“What do you want me to say?” Arico asked, feeling a cold sense of inevitability. Berilo had Jaas. He had Pratun. He knew about Arico’s abilities. At this point, he was practically unassailable. “Let me guess. You want me to go up there on that stage and denounce the dwarves to the crowd. You want me to tell everyone there that I was lying, and then you want me to get on my knees and beg forgiveness for my many crimes?”
Berilo chuckled. “Very dramatic, but not exactly what I had in mind. You see, you know almost everything of importance, but there’s one last secret to tell. Based on your hostility towards me, you clearly don’t know. In fact, this may be the most important revelation I have left for you.”
Despite himself, Arico leaned forward with interest. With everything he’d been told in the past few days, from finding out the real reason behind the Rejoining, to the capture of Pratun and Jaas, to facing the painful truth about the people who had raised him… What could possibly top that?
“What do you know about your mother, Arico?” Berilo asked suddenly, out of the blue. “What did Anathdur’hu tell you?”
“Not much,” Arico said severely. “Just that she was a minor noble who married into your family. That she was a kind soul, who wanted the best for her children. Oh, and that she risked her life to get me and my sister away from you, because she didn’t want them to be raised by a monster!” He shook his head slowly. “If she hadn’t died, then Hazra would have been raised in freedom as well.”
“If she hadn’t died-” Berilo’s voice trembled, and he shot to his feet. “If she hadn’t died, everything would have been different, Arico!”
It was a far cry from his usual calm and detached voice, and it got Arico’s attention. Berilo began pacing in front of the wide city-scape window. “I envy you, you know. You loved Nouma, that much is clear. Perhaps you love the Harbinger too—I don’t know. I married twice: the first time for money and influence, and then I married your mother for her bloodline. I never married for love, though. I hope you get that opportunity. If anyone deserves it, you do.”
He sighed. “Still, Ethelle and I did have a good partnership, even if it was never a loving one. I respected her negotiating skills, and she was happy to use them on my behalf. She was a formidable ally, for the short time she was with us.”
Arico snorted. “You’re delusional. My mother was nothing like you, and she was never on your side. The only reason you think she was is because she wanted you to.”
“It always bothered her, though,” Berilo went on as if Arico hadn’t spoken. “Her family was poor, by nobility’s standards. It irritated her that her dowry had been so meager. She was always striving to make up for it in some way.”
He focused on Arico again. “When you first surrendered to me and told me that you were my son, I believed you right away. I could see that surprised you, but you were getting what you wanted, so you didn’t press the issue. One of the reasons I was so quick to take you at your word was because of what your mother tried to do, years ago.”
Something in his tone gave Arico pause, so he didn’t interrupt again. Durhu had loved his mother deeply, and her death had cut him equally as deep. As such he’d always been hesitant to talk about her. The old man, despite his self-delusion, could at least give Arico another perspective on the late Lady Ethelle.
“When she found out she was expecting, it was a perfect opportunity for her to prove her value to me,” Berilo went on, his eyes and voice both lost in the past. “She came to me and said she had a plan. A weapon of sorts, to use against the Hauld. She would use her contacts and reach out to the Hauld, asking him for sanctuary for her child. He would agree of course, if only to get a chance to use the child against me someday. She would be allowed to visit, in secret, to at least see her baby growing up.”
Berilo paused for a moment, his eyes still lost in the past. “When you were old enough, she would get you to tell her everything about the Enclave, and the keep’s defenses. What the Hauld’s plans were over the long term, which human sympathizers he was meeting with, and where they were being sent—everything. You were meant to be his greatest asset… as well as his greatest weakness at the same time. The information she would have gotten from you would have kept the dwarves from being a serious threat for years to come!”
Arico didn’t know how to respond. It was clearly preposterous. Either Berilo was misremembering things, or he’d lost what little sanity he had left. “I told her no, of course,” the old man went on. “I couldn’t risk my child in that way, no matter how much she wanted to use him as a weapon. I forbade her from reaching out to the Hauld, and that was that—or so I thought. Later, when she found out she was actually carrying twins, she must have decided to go ahead with her plan anyway. It was a chance for her to give me the heir I was expecting and give me the weapon against the dwarves at the same time. All she had to do was manipulate things so that one baby would be sent to the Enclave while the other stayed here.”
He grimaced, looking back at Arico. “I remember the night she went into labor. It was Tenlor who found out first. He was the one who ran down the halls yelling it to everybody. She must have told him so that her servants, Toria and Anathdur’hu, would be unable to spirit both babies away to the dwarves.”
Arico thought back to the letter Durhu had written him, describing all of this. It was true that Tenlor had been the first to find out. Still, the rest was complete nonsense. “You can’t expect me to believe that. My mother was a gentle and kind person. She would never have done anything so cruel or manipulative, and even if she did, Durhu would have told me. He knew her better than anyone!”
“Correction: he loved her more than anyone.” Berilo said harshly. “But she lied to him, Arico. Anathdur’hu is soft-hearted; we both know that. It must have been clear to her that he could never use a child as a weapon, so she tricked him into thinking it was for the child’s benefit! Think about it. You know better than anyone how easily that kind of attraction can overcome a person’s better judgement. You nearly abandoned your role as the Hauld’s agent because of love!”
He finally stopped talking, and Arico just sat back for a moment. Despite himself, he tried to be as emotionless and rational about it as possible as he considered what Berilo was saying. To see his mother with a cold eye, instead of the adoration that Durhu had kept for so long.
Ethelle had been a nobleman’s daughter. She had run her own house for years before being married off to Berilo. As such, lying, tricking people, playing the long game, would have all been things she’d probably been forced to do while in charge. That meant Berilo’s story was plausible, but there wasn’t any proof to it. Any more than there was proof to Durhu’s account, either. Which story was true, then? It seemed unlikely there was any kind of middle ground between the two.
Arico had been raised as the Hauld’s agent—raised to support and grow the movement into something unstoppable. Every decision in his life had been dictated by his upbringing. Even his efforts to improve the lives of the stra’tchi had only been allowed because they indirectly benefited the Hauld. But if Berilo was to be believed, all of that was a lie!
If his mother had actually lied to Durhu and Toria—if she’d actually intended for him to be a weapon—and the only reason he wasn’t was because she’d died in childbirth, then who was he? What was he? Berilo was right: this revelation did top all the others, if it was true.
“So you see, Arico, your speech tomorrow doesn’t need to be an apology, or a request for leniency from the Council. You were born to be a weapon against the Hauld, and that’s all you need to tell them: the truth. Everything else you want—equality for the stra’tchi, an end to corruption among the penets and the Ascendants, an end to the senseless Tumults and the Rejoining itself… all of that can be yours in time! All you have to do is denounce the Hauld and tell the crowd the truth about your origins.”
“Desecrate memories of the dwarves, you mean,” Arico said reflexively, still thinking about his mother.
“The dwarves are all dead and gone, Arico! There’s no harm you can do to them any more than has already been done! There are many people you can still help, though.” Berilo reached out and pulled Arico to his feet. “If you take a stand, most of the movement will follow you. If that stand is against the dwarves, most of the city will follow you as well.’’
Berilo gestured to the door. “The rest of the day is yours to do with as you please. As long as you stay away from the dungeons, you can go wherever you want, even back to Penntu patch if you wish. I let the Chronicler know you might be dropping by.” He paused for a moment. “I am ordering you to come back here before the Twin Suns start, though. Use the time to think, Arico. Think about which of your options does the most good, for the most people.”
-.-
Jaas restlessly paced back and forth in her cell. After Arico’s brief appearance at the door, the guards had removed her restraints. Apparently it was true—Arico had taken a ta’sana oath to the Lord Ascendant. That meant his father-by-blood had some control over him, and could order him to stay away. Apparently they didn’t feel it was necessary to keep her bound after that.
But they still hadn’t let anyone see her. The guards outside hadn’t responded to anything she’d said. Jaas could hear faint voices through the door—shouts from the other prisoners—but she couldn’t make out any of them. She had no way of knowing if the Hauld was in another one of those cells, and no way to talk to him even if she could be sure. Still, that wasn’t why she was here.
Jaas wasn’t used to being unsure of herself. At the beginning, when she’d chosen to enter the city and hadn’t been sure if she’d survive the process, there hadn’t been any hesitation on her part. Later, when she’d found out about the prophecies, she’d been quite sure they were all fraudulent. She’d been right—Cartwright had confirmed it! When she’d chosen to test that near-death potion on herself, there had been no doubt there, either.
Now though, her plans didn’t just involve her alone. There were many other lives depending on this, and Jaas found her usual, quiet certainty much harder to attain. If only they would let her speak with Arico! That would ensure her plans!
Jaas came to a stop. There were soft voices outside, unlike the faint shouts and screams from the other cells. Much closer, too. She tentatively backed away from the door. “As you know, my authority supersedes the Council’s when it comes to criminal investigations,” a voice said clearly despite the closed door. “If you want, I can call the Lord Ascendant down here so he can explain the rules to you personally.”
There was a moment of silence, and then a key ground in the lock briefly and the door opened, admitting a man she’d never seen before. He was simply dressed, in just a brown robe and traveling clothes, and had short black hair coupled with kindly brown eyes. He certainly wasn’t one of the Ascendants, and he didn’t look like most of the Sustained she’d seen, either. Which meant he was most likely-
“Good evening, Harbinger,” he said softly and courteously. “I am the Clarion. I believe we have much to discuss.”
-.-
The sun was lowering in the sky, and Durhu straightened up. There wasn’t much more he could do out here—not until tomorrow. He wiped sweat from his brow—careful to use his uninjured arm, and slowly made his way back to the cabin. Upon arriving, he kicked off his shoes and collapsed into one of the chairs, letting out a sigh. It had been a long time since he’d needed to put in that long of a day at work.
Still, it was necessary. The supplies the Ascendants had left him wouldn’t last forever, and he needed to plant and harvest some kind of crop before the next Ritual of Waters. It was cruel, but even in a patch with only one person, the law was clear. No doubt whichever penet and Ascendant they sent to resupply him would insist on going through the whole ceremony, start to finish, before bringing in the Waters.
On the upside, he was perfectly safe here. The poison had disappeared a long time ago, as long as he was careful where he put his ration of Waters. And being outcast didn’t just mean he was forbidden from leaving Tellek patch. It also meant he was protected from anyone who might want to harm him. No, the Council wanted him to be alive and well for years to come, as a living warning to anyone else who dared defy them.
He stretched slightly and winced. The burn on his shoulder was healing well, thanks to the medicines he’d been able to scavenge from Endu’s home. All the same, it would be sore for a long time. Ruefully, he realized that he now knew what it felt like to be a true stra’tchi, or like Arico. He’d been branded like cattle, for real this time.
Durhu had just finished changing the bandage when the candlelight in the cabin flickered. He glanced at the door, more curious than afraid. Due to his deafness, the candles had been placed in a special frame on both sides of the door. That way he knew whenever someone was knocking. Hesitantly, he unlocked the door and looked outside.
Arico was there, with a tentative smile on his face. His prosthetics were different, but otherwise he looked well enough. Durhu gave him a wide grin and embraced him immediately. He ignored the pain in his own shoulder, but was careful to avoid Arico’s brand.
There was something wrong. Arico hugged him back, but only after a few moments. Durhu looked around and didn’t see anyone else, so he let go and beckoned his son inside. I didn’t expect to see you for at least a week! He signed hurriedly. Are you all right?
“I’m fine,” Arico responded softly. Durhu was a good enough lipreader to tell that he was speaking in a subdued way. Clearly something was on his mind.
Well, come on in, he invited quickly. I was just about to start with dinner. I hope you like vegetable soup, because that’s about all I have for now.
“That’ll be fine, thanks.”
They prepared the meal together, mostly without conversation. Durhu tried not to give his son worried glances as they worked. Whatever it was, Arico would explain when he was ready. At least he was getting more comfortable with his maiming. Durhu saw him hold and actually stir the bowl on his own, just by grasping the spoon between his new prosthetics. Apparently he’d had some practice. He’d never be as capable as he was before, but it was a start.
They ate mostly in silence as well. Arico inquired about his arm, and explained how most of the movement had escaped punishment, but the conversation petered out eventually. Arico seemed to enjoy the meal, despite spilling a few spoonfuls. When he finally sat back and Durhu moved to clear the table, Arico reached an arm out to stop him. “What… do you remember about my mother?” He asked slowly.
Durhu sighed with understanding. So that’s what this was about. It made sense, really. Arico was always thinking about the important day-to-day problems and decisions facing him. Issues that affected hundreds or thousands of lives. That left little or no time to think about his past, or his heritage.
Much, Durhu responded after a moment. My service to her back with House Carver. Her dealings with her brothers, her negotiations with other house ladies and lords. And her husband, of course, he added grimly. Was that what was bothering Arico? Had the Lord Ascendant said something to him to upset him like this?
“Is it true House Carver was poor? At least compared to the other Houses, I mean.”
Durhu nodded. Her grandfather made bad investments here and there, before he died. He squandered their wealth in those last few years. Ethelle complained about it from time to time, because it made running her family affairs more difficult. She always found a way around it, though.
“No kidding,” Arico said, looking back down at the table. “You never really talk about her.”
I know. Durhu looked down for a moment. And I’m sorry. I don’t like thinking about those days, but for your sake, I probably should have spoken about her more often. Toria was always better at that than me. Your mother loved you deeply though, that I know. You and your sister both. She would talk about how she had such great plans for her child—this was before she found out there were two of you on the way. How one day her baby would keep the peace in the city. I still don’t know what she meant by that.
Arico grimaced and looked away. Perhaps he felt he’d let Ethelle down, ever since what had happened at the Fishbowl, and from what Durhu had heard—the keep itself.
What is this all about, anyway? Durhu finally asked. Why ask about your mother now, when she’s been gone for so long? Have you found something out, about her or her family?
Arico opened his mouth for a moment, and then closed it. He smiled over at Durhu. “No, it’s nothing,” he said reassuringly. “I was just curious, that’s all.”
Durhu glanced out the window. It’s getting dark. Do you want to stay here for the night? I could use the company.
“No, I should probably be getting back.” his son said, though Durhu could make out a trace of regret in his face. “Besides I’ve still got some things to do, and tomorrow’s going to be a busy day.” He paused. “The busiest day, actually.”
He reached out to grab his plate, fumbled with it for a moment, and then grimaced when Durhu picked it up. I’ll take care of that. You go on.
Durhu went to the door with Arico. Before his son left, though, Durhu reached out and hugged him again. I don’t know what’s going to happen tomorrow at the Twin Suns, he signed after letting go, but I’m sure it’s important. I’m glad you’re here, though. I got the chance to tell you how proud I am of you—of the man you’ve become, and the symbol you’ve become to the stra’tchi and to the city. Whatever happens tomorrow, I trust you, and the decisions you make.
Arico gave a slight smile, and wiped at the corner of his eye for a moment. “That’s exactly what I needed to hear. Thank you for that, father.” He backed out of the door. “I will get you out of here and back to civilization as soon as I can. Until then, sleep well, all right?” He paused for another moment, and then straightened up as if reaching some hidden conclusion, and disappeared into the darkness.
-.-
By the time he got back to the Manor, Arico had made up his mind. If Berilo was right and Jaas had intended to be captured, it was imperative that he speak to her. Even if it meant breaking the ta’sana and risking being caught. Breaking the oath didn’t bother him very much—he had planned on taking his own life soon anyway—but being caught doing so was worrisome. If anyone saw him down there, they’d try to kill him on the spot. Even if they failed, it would mean the end of his plan.
Still, Jaas was no fool. She was back for a reason, and he had to know what that reason was. Part of him actually resented her for messing with his plans so thoroughly. Also for wasting the sheer effort Endu had put in to making that elixir in the first place. And for worrying him like this, come to think of it!
Distracted as he was, Arico almost missed the presence of another person in his room as he stepped inside and clumsily pulled the door shut. It was the Clarion, actually. “Hello, Arico,” the young man greeted him, bowing slightly. “I’ve been looking forward to finally speaking with you in person.”
“I feel honored,” Arico said hesitantly, not knowing quite what else to say. His earlier plan to alert the Clarion to the truth about the Ritual of Rejoining flashed back into his mind. Jaas’ reappearance had pushed it aside in his mind for a moment, but it remained important nonetheless. Unfortunately the book had been returned to Penntu patch, and it was unlikely the Clarion would be allowed in to see it.
It seemed the Clarion had other things on his mind, though. He looked distractedly out the window and then at the door, as if expecting people to burst in on them. Finally he focused his attention back on Arico, and gave a slight smile. “Please sit down,” Arico said awkwardly, gesturing to the chairs by the far wall.
The Clarion did so, still smiling, and Arico followed suit. “Actually, I’ve been meaning to thank you for some time,” he said in a soft voice. “Your words at the Laentana were most inspiring. Not only did they allow me to expose and punish corruption, but thanks to you, I’ve been able to put the fear of Aquun back into the hearts of some of the most rich and powerful within the city. It seems that even without knowing it, we make a good team.”
Arico wasn’t sure how to respond. Sure, he’d played his part back there, but punishing the late High Penet had barely even been on his list of priorities at the time. He was pleased the Clarion had benefited from the whole thing, but Arico couldn’t really take any credit for it. “What brings you here to see me, Clarion?”
The Clarion tilted his head slightly. “Straight to business, then? Very well, I can appreciate that.” He took a deep breath. “I’ve come bearing a message for you. From the Harbinger. Or Jaas, if you prefer.”
He’d heard from Jaas? Arico leaned forward with interest. “I’m not quite sure what you mean,” he said carefully, despite that.
The Clarion just stared at him for a moment, before smiling again. “There’s no point in denying anything. I know she’s in the Spire dungeons, right now. I got word almost as soon as the Lord Ascendant did. And yes, he did order her cell off limits to everyone, but the guards made an exception for me. I spoke with her briefly, and she asked me to relay a message to you.”
“I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised,” Arico said wryly. “You may live like a priest, but people do like you enough to tell you things. In a way, you’re more like a spy than any religious figure I know. All right, I’ll bite. What’s her message?”
The Clarion raised a hand briefly. “Not so fast. My cooperation in this matter has a price, and before I tell you anything I need to know that you’re willing to pay it.” He paused for a moment, looking pained. “It has to do with Hazra, actually.”
“I know she’s your sister,” he went on before Arico could respond. “She told me about your origins, and how the Lord Ascendant was unaware of you. Until recently, anyway.” He glanced out the window towards the Spire. “How long you can keep the secret from the Council, though… well, that’s anyone’s guess.”
Arico shook his head. He didn’t know why Berilo hadn’t told anyone else either, but he wasn’t complaining. If the Council found out, it might scare some of them off, and he had to get them all in one place at the same time for this to work. That left an interesting question, though. How much else had Hazra told the Clarion?
“I know there’s no excuse for what she’s done,” the Clarion went on slowly, as if answering his unspoken question. “The people she’s killed—the chaos she’s caused. How many children has she left fatherless, I wonder?”
Arico’s jaw dropped. “Wait—you know what she’s done? You know that she’s Heartbane?”
The Clarion nodded. “She told me a long time ago. I’ve been helping her keep it a secret ever since.”
This was unbelievable! All this time, Arico had just assumed she’d been keeping the Clarion in the dark! He stood up suddenly, and started pacing back and forth, now grateful that the door was closed. “But you’re the Clarion!” He interjected desperately. “You’re supposed to be this bastion of truth and justice—an example to the entire city! How could you know, and not do anything? Not say anything? By Aquun—you executed a High Penet for killing those two boys, and she’s killed far more than that!”
At first the Clarion didn’t respond. He just slumped in his chair, looking despondently around the room. “I may be the Clarion, but I’m still human. Tell me, would you do any differently in my position? If you found that the woman you love more than anything was actually a mass murderer, could you bring yourself to expose her? Knowing it would most likely mean a mob burning her at the stake, or stoning her to death?”
Arico wondered how he would have reacted if Nouma had told him something like that. Or if Jaas had, for that matter. Reluctantly, he nodded. “I… understand,” he said finally. “I’m not sure if I could have done the same, but I do get it.”
“It doesn’t matter now, anyway,” The Clarion said in the same desolate voice. “I’m paying for my sins all the same.” He looked back up at Arico. “You’ve spoken with her several times now, in the sha’haln and in the waking world. Tell me, have you noticed anything unusual about her? Did she seem well, during your conversations?”
Arico thought back. “She did seem a bit strange when we first had a chance to talk. Something about her was off, but I didn’t really know what it was. Not that I’m in a position to judge, mind you. I just figured it was her way.”
“It is her way—but it wasn’t always so. Hazra is unwell, you see. In the head. There are, I suppose you could say two women within her. One is the kind and mischievous woman I was bonded to. The other is the cold-blooded killer who tried to put an end to you. It’s impossible to say which one is in control at any given time. I’ve learned to speak carefully, lest I anger the killer, or upset Hazra.”
Well, that was surprising. Whatever he’d been expecting, it hadn’t been that. Arico had heard of people with strange and broken minds before. Usually it was the result of some horrible tragedy in their past such as with Codi, but not always. “Why are you telling me all of this, Clarion?”
“Because I’m dying,” the Clarion said bluntly. “I have two or three weeks left, at most, and I want to make sure she has someone to take care of her after I’m gone. Someone who knows who and what she is.”
For maybe the billionth time since entering the room, Arico again didn’t know what to say. “I’m sorry,” he managed softly. “I had no idea.”
“There’s no reason you should,” the Clarion shrugged. “I’ve kept it secret as best I can. I’ve known for some time now, and there’s nothing to be done about it.”
“But what if there is? Something that we can do, I mean,” Arico said intensely. “Jaas—err, the Harbinger, told me about medical marvels they can do on the Outside. She mentioned curing diseases and injuries, instantly and completely. Apparently they could even restore my hands if they wanted to!” He raised his wrists for emphasis.
The Clarion’s eyes narrowed. “Do you believe her?”
“She has no reason to lie! We’ve already proven that people can leave the city safely—well, not entirely safely,” he amended. “I’m just saying there may be hope. If I were in your shoes, I’d want to make sure of it before I start courting the Shemra and writing up my final farewells.”
For a few moments the Clarion just stared at him, as if trying to gauge him somehow. “Would such… miracles extend to someone who has been poisoned?”
Arico paused. “Maybe. I would assume so, anyway. Is that what happened to you?” He asked hesitantly.
The Clarion nodded. “It’s been done for weeks, most likely in my food. I suspect one or more of the Councilors are responsible. They have plenty of reason to want me dead these days. Still, I have no proof, and little time to try and find some.” He sighed. “I have no desire to die, Arico, but I can’t rely on some miracle suddenly becoming available to me. If a cure presents itself, I will take advantage of it, but until then I must continue doing what is best for the city. And what is best for my consort.”
That at least Arico could understand. His own limited lifespan had given him a slightly better perspective on how to spend one’s last days. A pity his own countdown had been so turbulent, because of Berilo and what he’d been saying. “So, you want me to look after Hazra after you’re gone, is that it? To keep her out of trouble as best I can?”
“Not exactly,” the other said slowly. “I need you to promise to stop her if necessary. If she loses control. Without me, she may lose whatever part of herself that is still my consort. If that happens, no one in the city will be safe from her. If that happens she will be killed. But not before killing a great many others herself.”
Arico raised his stumps again. “What can I do? Even when I had my hands I was no match for her.”
“Yes, she told me,” the Clarion said with an understanding smile. “I’m not suggesting you fight. I’m asking you to just be there for her. You’re her twin—if anyone can get through to her in the worst times, it’s you. You have similar abilities, which means she can’t escape you if she tries to run. And even though we’ve been on opposite sides, I do trust that you want what’s best for her, and for the city.”
Arico opened his mouth in further protest. It was true he was getting better at pulling on the threads, but he still had no idea how to track people through them like Hazra could! They might have similar abilities due to their bloodline, but she’d been practicing with them for a lot longer than he had.
Still, even as those concerns tried to spill their way out of him, he suddenly realized it didn’t matter. He would do his best to look after Hazra, even without the Clarion’s request. It was a sure thing, and it had been a sure thing ever since he’d first taken off her mask. “You have a deal,” he said firmly. “I swear that if you should die, I will make every effort to protect Hazra. If necessary, from herself.” Then he paused. “But I don’t want you to give up hope, either. Remember what I said about the Outside. You may still be able to look after her yourself.”
“I won’t forget,” the Clarion said gravely, standing and heading for the door.
Arico wanted to stop him and tell him the truth about the Rejoining, but it didn’t much matter anymore. Even if he believed Arico, there was no proof. Without evidence, the poisoning would kill him long before he could convince anyone else. If he was cured though, Arico could tell him then.
The Clarion looked outside briefly, and then nodded. “Very well. As agreed, here is the Harbinger’s message.” He took a deep breath. “Arico, don’t go ahead with your plan. I have a better one, and you need to do nothing until after the Twin Suns. Trust me.”
He paused again, and shrugged. “I have no idea what it means, but I assume you do. Good luck, not-quite-a-heretic. I will see you tomorrow.”
-.-
Chapter 63
Perhaps it was due to the stress of the previous day, or perhaps it was the sheer volume of information and decisions dropped on him in the past week… but for the first time in years, Arico overslept!
He woke suddenly in the guest room in the manor, and sat up abruptly. The sun was already high in the sky. Arico took a deep breath as he sank back into the bed again. Between his training in the Enclave, his duties as a farm kid in Tellek, and most recently his activities in the movement, he’d never had the luxury of sleeping in. Even as a child that had been the case. A farm’s workload was impressive, and Durhu had been able to do only so much. That was one of the reasons why farmers, both stra’tchi and Sustained, usually had large families to help spread out the chores.
Still, there was something relaxing about it. The Twin Suns ceremony wouldn’t start until nearly noon anyway, and it was soothing not to have to think about anything for a while. Even Odjes had been absent in his dreams last night.
With a sigh Arico got up again, but more slowly. If a farm kid shirked his duties, it would mean hardship for himself and his family. If Arico did so, it could mean hardship for tens of thousands of people. It was a burden he’d carried ever since he’d been old enough to speak, thanks to the Hauld.
It had been two days now, and he still couldn’t believe the old man was dead. The destruction of the Enclave had been bad enough, but at least Arico had been there for that! The Hauld had just been murdered and disposed of in private.
Over time, perhaps even without him fully realizing it while it was happening, Arico had come to see the Hauld in a different light. Berilo was correct: the Hauld had struck first. While Arico had no doubt that the Council would have eventually tried to wipe the dwarves out again, there had been a Pact, and the dwarves had broken it.
Arico shook his head. What would he have done differently, in their places, though? Making peace with your enemies was all well and good, but how could you maintain that peace if eventually they would try to kill you?
By the same token, could he spare the Council today?
They would be meeting soon, in an hour or so, from the water clock on the far wall. He would be called to the Spire where he could kill them, Berilo, and the traitor Pratun, all in one stroke. Along with Jaas, too.
Could he trust her? She’d said she had a plan, and she’d always been smart and driven. But she was also idealistic. Time and time again she’d seen the best in people, even when it wasn’t there. After the Enclave had fallen, even after she’d been forced to kill someone with her own hands—she’d still wanted to spare the Council! For all Arico knew, her plan wouldn’t be enough. One didn’t become a ruler by being soft-hearted after all. Both Berilo and the Hauld were evidence of that.
Arico smiled slowly as another realization came to him. The movement wasn’t only about fighting for stra’tchi freedom and an end to the corrupt Council. It was also about symbols. Representations to the city of who stood for what.
The Hauld had been mostly a man of peace, but to the city he was seen as evil. The Council had made sure of that through decades of lying to the people. Propaganda through plays, proclamations, and rituals. Berilo actually was evil. He’d overseen those lies, and had allowed or instigated the deaths of thousands of people, most of them children, during his reign.
The Clarion was seen as truth and justice by the people. In reality, he was just as twisted around because of his willingness to hide Hazra’s many murders.
Jaas was seen as oblivion by the people. Her unfortunate destiny as the Harbinger promised the end of the world to them, and whether she believed it or not, Arico did. If he thought the prophecies could be averted, he would have sent her away the day he’d found out!
And then there was Arico himself. The people saw him as a rebel, and a revolutionary. A traitor to some because of the Laentana, and a savior to others who’d been told what Ta’anu had tried to do. The Hauld had wanted him to be a tool made to protect the dwarves—and Arico did miss the old man, despite how stubborn, irascible and overbearing he’d been. Odjes had often told Arico to be what he wanted to be regardless of what others thought.
But what did he want to be? A farmer? An explorer, wandering the lands Outside with Jaas as his guide? A peaceful bridge between the dwarves and humans after the Council was gone? A teacher, bringing the truth that had been hidden away inside Penntu patch to the light and sharing it with everyone?
The one thing he didn’t want to be was a leader, but that wasn’t an option anymore. Regardless of who you asked, true leaders all had one thing in common: they had the most important decisions to make. The choices that affected the most people. That was him. Straightening his shoulders, Arico called for Chulesh to help him get ready.
-.-
It wasn’t anxiety or nervousness that Nemith was feeling from inside the threads. It was more of a sharp sense of inevitability. If you knew your friend was about to do something terrible, and there was nothing you could do to stop it, how could you feel about that? What was an appropriate response?
Nemith held a window open into Sevvas patch, keeping an eye out for any patrols. Taen was beside him, with his face and a spyglass extended out from the threads and into the patch itself. It made for an odd picture, too. Inside the threads Taen took the form of a dog—a sort of wolfhound that was bred in his old home before he’d come to the Enclave. When he stuck his face out of the threads, Nemith could see his bones and muscles through the window as if his head had been cut open cleanly. He could even see blood as it was pumped into his face and back out again.
It was actually kind of distracting, so Nemith focused on the tool he was using. The spyglass was a marvelous dwarven invention, despite the fact that it had to be outside of the threads in order to work. After the destruction of the keep, this was probably the only one left, in fact. Nemith felt that sour, dull ache inside his gut again.
Taen was busy watching the Spire, while Nemith was watching out for him. It was unlikely any patrols would come out this far, but it was better to be safe than sorry. The Council had arrived only moments ago, and had entered the Spire together, according to Taen. It wouldn’t be long now. The seconds stretched into minutes, and nothing happened.
Taen pulled his head back into the threads. “There’s a procession leaving through the main doors. I can see a few of the House sigils. It’s the Council.”
Nemith let out a deep breath. “Then Arico must have failed. They… probably executed him days ago. It was a mistake to even let him try this. We should have stuck with the original plan.”
“You couldn’t stop him, remember? Not even Jaas could do that. Don’t blame yourself for Arico taking risks on his own.”
Taen was probably right, but Nemith still felt responsible. “Come on. We should tell the others.”
“Wait.” Taen’s brow furrowed, and he leaned in again for a few moments. “I see Arico! He’s part of the procession!”
“What? Let me see.” Nemith reached out and took the spyglass with his hand, and then leaned through to see for himself. It took a few seconds for him to find the procession and focus in on it, but it seemed Taen was right. Arico was there, walking behind the Lord Ascendant and the rest of the Council. He looked subdued, glancing down at the ground as he walked. Behind him, bound and gagged and being led by one of the Ascendant guards, was Jaas, too!
Nemith tried to keep his surprise hidden. Even inside the threads it might be noticeable. What in the Multitude was she doing there? How had the Ascendants captured her? Slowly, Nemith returned to the threads, and the spyglass vanished as he did so. He thought for a moment, and then looked over at Taen. “Come on. It won’t take them more than a few minutes to get to the courtyard. We have to get down to the tunnels and tell the others.”
His stomach clenching, Nemith navigated them down underground while reflecting on what he had to do next. Arico’s failure was bad enough, but Jaas being here was orders of magnitude worse!
Inside the tunnel, which was lit by torches mounted on both walls, Nemith handed the spyglass back to Taen and called for the others to gather together. It only took a few seconds, even with all two dozen of them. Ever since the tunnels had been completed, their strike force hadn’t had much to do but sit around and wait.
“I have some strange news for you,” he said without preamble. “For some reason it seems Arico decided not to go ahead with his plan. He’s there in the Council’s procession right now, and they’ll reach the Courtyard at any moment. I don’t know what he’s thinking, or why he spared them,” he lied, “but I intend to find out.”
It was pretty clear that Arico had been unwilling to kill Jaas along with the Council. Just like Alzhi, Nemith had been uneasy about having a civilian girl involved in their affairs, despite how useful she’d been. Now it seemed their fears had been justified. Arico’s attachment to Jaas had undermined him completely, and he could no longer be counted on.
Nemith took a deep breath. “I’m going down there to the Courtyard to listen in on what’s going on. I should be able to reach the walls unnoticed. The Ascendants—what few of them remain—will be focused on what’s going on inside the walls, not outside. I’ll be able to hear them speak, and maybe figure out what Arico has in mind.” He turned to his left. “Taen, you and Banos will watch from the threads. If it looks like they’re about to leave the courtyard, go ahead and light the fuse immediately. Don’t wait for my order. Otherwise, just hold tight. I’m willing to give Arico the benefit of the doubt here, but we can’t take any chance the Council might get away.”
“You can’t go alone—are you crazy?” Taen cut in, while at the same time Banos objected as well.
“Light the fuse? With you and Arico down there? You’ll both be killed!”
Nemith gave them both a stern glance. “I know this isn’t what we planned, but it’s the best way to figure out what’s going on down there.”
Betalla spoke up from the back of the crowd. “What if you warn him? If you can get his attention, he can pull on the threads and escape, just like he taught us. Right?”
Nemith shook his head. “We can’t take the chance. Arico taught us how to pull on the threads—for all we know the Council can do it too by now. We can’t give them any warning or they might vanish. So yes, I expect you to light that fuse even if it means killing me and Arico, and the Hauld! We have a duty to the people of Patchwork, and we swore to give our lives if necessary to fulfill that duty! Understood?”
None of them looked happy about it, but one after another they nodded in obedience. It really was fortunate Taen hadn’t seen Jaas back there. If he’d told the others about her… well, sacrificing your own men to take out the enemy was one thing, but some people had compunctions about doing the same to women. Especially women they’d come to know. He dismissed them, and most of them went down the tunnels to make sure everything was in place before returning to the threads. One of them stayed, though.
“Father?” Tarith asked up at him, after the others were out of earshot. “Are you really going to do it? Are you really going to kill Arico?”
Nemith felt a sympathetic ache. Tarith and Arico were close—by Aquun, Arico had even taken care of him as a baby from time to time! His reaction was understandable. But Tarith had just turned twelve now—the cusp of adulthood. Very soon he’d be called on to fight, just as other boys in the Fishbowl had been. It was true, boys were considered men at younger ages in the stra’tchi patches, but Nemith had embraced that tradition long ago, and raised his son to follow it as well.
“I will do what I must to protect the people of this city,” he said as gently as he could. “Arico would understand that, as would the Hauld.”
“But you said Arico spared them, and you don’t know why,” Tarith said in confusion. “What if he’s changed his mind?”
“That’s why I’m going down there,” Nemith continued impatiently. He needed to get going. “Hopefully I’ll find out what’s gone wrong. We don’t know for sure why Arico didn’t bring down the Spire. Maybe the Council drugged him and he’s not in his right mind—or maybe he took a blow to the head. Regardless, a soldier doesn’t disobey his orders, even if he doesn’t agree with them. You don’t understand the burden we all face as soldiers protecting this city yet, but you will in time.”
He put a hand on his son’s shoulder. “Now go with the others. If something goes wrong and I don’t come back, it’ll be up to you to protect your mother. Understood?”
Tarith still looked troubled, but he squared his shoulders. “Yes, sir.”
-.-
Chapter 64
Berilo had attended many Twin Suns celebrations before, but when he entered the Courtyard with the others, the sheer size of the crowd caught him off guard. The massive walled structure could seat almost a thousand, and there was room for more than two thousand more in the standing area in the middle. It was filled to capacity.
Two each from approximately four hundred stra’tchi patches, and what looked like dozens more from each of the Sustained ones. The Councilors took their individual places, evenly spaced around the edges of the Courtyard with their own attendants and bonded bodyguards surrounding them. There were even two clerics from Penntu patch here, eliciting a chuckle from Berilo. The Chronicler was no doubt keeping tabs on him, making sure he’d keep up his end of their little bargain.
He glanced over at his son. Arico was looking down at his feet, his face blank. His shoulders were stiff though, and his lips were moving. No doubt he was rehearsing what he was going to say. Berilo wasn’t sure, but he got the impression his boy was nervous about speaking in public despite all the training he’d received. Yet another sign of his bravery, if he was willing to face his fears.
The only completely clear place in the Courtyard was the platform itself. Berilo led the others up onto the stage, trying to project an air of confidence. Strangely, Lord Tanner split off from his group at the entrance and followed them to the stage, though he didn’t actually walk up onto it. His guards and attendants waited to the side, apparently for him to return to them. Then Berilo remembered: the Council had chosen Tanner to host the opening of the ceremony this time. Usually it was the Lord Ascendant or one of the Councilors who was chosen, or Weaver just volunteered. This was a little unusual.
There was another difference as well. Unlike the last time, when this had been an executioner’s block, the sundial was now here. It had been carefully placed in front of the improvised stage where everyone could see it. It cast two shadows: one from the image of the sun projected by the threads, and the much darker one cast by the real sun above them. The second was already pretty small. When it disappeared entirely, it meant that the sun—the real sun anyway—was directly overhead. It wouldn’t be long now.
His daughter was absent, but that wasn’t unusual. She hadn’t been feeling well, and had asked to be excused. Berilo had allowed it gladly. Whenever Hazra went out, there was always the chance that someone might recognize her as Heartbane. If that happened the ramifications could be catastrophic. With Prenim’s help Berilo had covered up many nasty truths about the Ascendants, the Council and the penets, but it was doubtful a secret as big as Heartbane’s true identity could be covered up for long. At least her consort was here, though. The Clarion’s presence would help people deal with whatever Arico was going to say.
The Harbinger was part of the procession as well. She was bound and gagged as before, but mostly hidden behind the others. It was unlikely anyone would notice her until Berilo brought her forward.
“Citizens of Patchwork!” Tanner called out to the crowd as he made his way up onto the stage. “Welcome to this, the six hundred and eighth Twin Suns celebration!” The crowd responded with cheers, but they seemed muted. Berilo gave Tanner a sidelong look, wondering what he was up to. His tone was cheery, almost jubilant. Which was very out of character for him.
“As many of you know, this particular celebration is of special significance,” he continued confidently, before all the cheers had completely died down. “Ever since the Laentana, we have witnessed increasingly uncertain times. Rumors of strife and bloodshed in patches all over the city. An attempted attack on the revelers at the Aquunsaya. The increased threat of another Tumult here in Sustained territory. And worst of all, the horrifying return of the Blood Plague, as it destroyed Tellek patch.”
He paused for a moment, and gave a small smile. “For the faint of heart, it must seem as though Aquun has deserted us, or is at the very least testing our faith with these frightening events. However now, we finally have reason for joy again. We have uncovered the dwarven plots to spread terror across our society, and thanks to the bravery and skill of our stalwart Ascendant warriors, have purged the city of the dwarven threat. Never again will we need to fear their disruptive, deviant influences upon our lives!” He raised his arms triumphantly, and the crowd cheered again.
Berilo looked at Arico again. His lips were curled in contempt at that, and his eyes were focused on Tanner. He kept his place, though. For now.
“During their daring raid upon the enemy stronghold, our Ascendant warriors managed to capture the leader of the dwarves, their vile Hauld, and bring him back here safely,” Tanner went on, waving an arm to his right. Two Ascendants responded to his signal, bringing forth a dwarf, bound hand and foot, and dumping him on his knees at the front of the stage. “In accordance with Sustained law, he was judged by Council and deemed guilty.”
Arico grimaced again, and Berilo felt a little sympathy for him. Arico had said he didn’t know the bodyguard by name, but it had to be hard for him to see the last dwarf alive treated this way. He didn’t know the fullness of it, though.
The bodyguard was dressed in the Hauld’s armor, complete with the crest the old man had worn signifying his clan. He wasn’t gagged though, because there was no need. Berilo had seen to it the dwarf couldn’t speak and disrupt the ceremony. According to Prenim, the dwarf had taken the searing of his throat very stoically, barely even grunting with the pain. It was fitting that the last dwarf would be such a credit to his race.
“Of course the Hauld will die for his crimes, here in front of everyone,” Tanner went on. “That is why none of your children have been allowed here to see it. As just and necessary as his death will be, it is not for the eyes of the young. And as important as that event will be, it is only now that we come to the really interesting part,” he said conspiratorially to the crowd. Even though he was no longer speaking loudly, he could still be heard—the acoustics of this open arena had been very carefully arranged when it had been built.
“Over the past few months, many of you have wondered what to think about this man. You’ve heard many things about him, but are they rumors or are they facts? Is he a traitor, or is he a savior? Is he a heretic against Aquun, or a speaker of truths before Her? His past is shrouded in mystery and half-truths, but he is here today in the flesh. Ladies and gentlemen of Patchwork, I give you Arico!”
All eyes riveted on Arico, and Berilo felt another surge of pride. Whether they loved him or hated him—and there were plenty in both categories—everyone was interested in what he had to say. Not even Berilo could command that kind of undivided attention anymore.
Arico stepped forward slowly, and raised his eyes to the crowd. “At… the Laentana, I made a proclamation to all the stra’tchi. I then repeated that proclamation to the Sustained in writing. Among other things, I claimed that the High Penet was guilty of forcing himself on a number of young boys in his care, and that he’d arranged the murder of two of them. That claim, shocking though it was, was true. The Clarion himself investigated,” he nodded over at the Clarion briefly, “found him guilty, and punished him right here on this stage.”
Arico sighed. “I also claimed that stra’tchi children are sometimes born as navigators. That is also true. There is a chance, however small, that any child, even a stra’tchi, will be able to pass through the threads as easily as the Lord Ascendant can. Whether they’ve been blessed by Aquun or were simply born that way because of one of their ancestors doesn’t matter: the result is the same.”
He gave a grim chuckle. “Anyone who knows how the Council’s power works would also know that they couldn’t leave navigators to be raised by stra’tchi. That is why I also claimed that they were taking those children away. That they were using the test at age three, the test originally meant to protect us from the Blood Plague, to find out if those children were actually navigators. Then they would be taken to be raised in Sustained territory. That claim… was not entirely true,” he said somberly.
If possible, the crowd grew even more quiet. Everyone had a stake in this, especially his loyal Councilors. “The Council is not taking your children away to be raised elsewhere,” Arico spoke again, louder. “They’re taking them away and killing them!” Tanner quickly gestured to the guard behind him. “They’ve killed thousands of stra’tchi children over the years, and lied about it to maintain con-” The guard struck him with the butt of his gun, hard on the back of the head.
Arico swooned and started to fall forward, but the guard caught him deftly. Pulling out a strip of cloth, he forced Arico to his knees and gagged him tightly. He then held him there at the front of the stage.
Berilo had started to move when Arico had been hit, but slowed when he saw the danger pass. His son seemed all right. It looked like he was regaining his senses, anyway.
“A liar to the very end,” Tanner took his place, gazing down at the crowd sadly. “I had hoped he would show some remorse for his part in our suffering, but it seems he has rejected Aquun’s mercy yet again.” He shook his head, and then turned to face Berilo. “My liege. Given the heretic’s many crimes and blasphemies, and the fact that the penecy has yet to choose another High Penet, it falls to you to punish this traitor.” He pulled out his gun and extended it grip first towards Berilo.
Automatically, Berilo took it in his hands. Like everything else Tanner owned, it was immaculately crafted, no doubt highly expensive, and functioned no better than any other tool of the same design.
The crowd was still silent, waiting with bated breath. You could have heard a needle dropping from anywhere in the enclosure. “Do it, my liege,” Tanner said in an undertone, as he took his place next to Berilo. “Show them what the Council’s justice looks like!”
Berilo took a deep breath and stepped forward. He aimed the gun for a moment, and then sighed theatrically for the crowd. “Aquun’s deeds are ever merciful, else all of our ancestors would have died centuries ago. It falls to us as Her children to be just as merciful: to forgive the misdeeds of our neighbors and to hope that they will also come into Her light as we have. I will see to it that the heretic does not harm anyone else, but I will not kill him. Not while there is even a chance his soul can be saved.”
He handed the gun back to Tanner as the crowd started murmuring to each other, but Tanner didn’t look disappointed or shocked as he had expected. His face was a picture of smugness, and of triumph.
“I knew you couldn’t do it,” he whispered with a sneer, and stepped forward again. “My people!” He projected into the crowd. “There is a great evil which has taken root in the heart of this city. A corruption so far-reaching that even the Council itself was not beyond its touch! The time has come, my friends, to strip away the lies that have protected the powerful and caused harm to so many of us. The time has come to follow the example of our noble Clarion, and to hold the mighty responsible for their crimes!”
He pointed back at Berilo. “Seize him,” he ordered casually, and the nearest two Ascendants grabbed Berilo by the arms.
Despite his long years practicing emotional control, Berilo felt a flash of outrage as the Ascendants held him tight. “What is this? Unhand me at once!”
He struggled briefly, but the guards didn’t budge. “They won’t listen to you anymore, my lord,” Tanner said bitingly. He turned back to the crowd and raised his hands calmingly. “Everything is all right,” he said soothingly. “Allow me to explain.”
The people had been increasingly agitated ever since Arico had been spared, but they seemed receptive, and willing to listen. “Berilo Fisher wanted to portray mercy to you just now,” Tanner went on with an air of sarcasm, “but what you saw wasn’t the mercy of a Lord Ascendant to a fallen enemy. It was the fear of a father, as he protected his son!”
There was a sharp exclamation at that, which Tanner took full advantage of. “That’s right. The dreaded heretic: the traitor, the disruptor, the agent in service to the dwarves, is none other than Fisher’s own son!” He jabbed a finger at Berilo again. “And he knew it! He’s been aware of Arico’s identity for weeks, perhaps months now!”
He raised his hands again to the crowd. “I’ve known some of Lord Fisher’s secrets for some time now, but I only found out about Arico’s true parentage two days ago. I didn’t want to believe it at first. How could it be possible that our own beloved leader could have fallen so far as to deceive us? Still, I shared what I learned with the Council, and they agreed with me: we had to be sure. We had to test the Lord Ascendant, and see for ourselves.”
He shook his head sadly. “Now we have. By refusing to kill the traitor, he has shown his true colors.”
He snapped his fingers, and the guards pushed Berilo forward, closer to the crowd. “Lord Berilo Fisher, head of House Fisher,” Tanner announced triumphantly. “It is the decision of the Sustained Council that you are hereby stripped of your title as Lord Ascendant. Your position as a member of the Council is also suspended, pending a full investigation of this matter.”
Berilo looked from one House head to the next, in a wide circle. None of them showed any signs of surprise or remorse. It was true—they had abandoned him.
Beneath his rage, Berilo had to admit a certain chagrin. Prenim had mentioned Tanner's meeting with Weaver days ago. Obviously there had been more than just those two at the meeting, but he’d been so busy with Arico he hadn’t investigated. There was also some admiration. Despite being a vicious, petty bastard, Tanner had managed to orchestrate this stumbling block for him. Score one for obsessive schemes.
Out of the corner of his eye, Berilo also noticed something strange about Arico. He wasn’t looking at Berilo or Tanner, but across the stage at the Harbinger. He nodded minutely, and then closed his eyes. Surreptitiously glancing in her direction, Berilo saw the Harbinger’s bonds suddenly loosen. She carefully kept her hands in the same position, but the ropes binding them were no longer wrapped tightly. He smiled. Arico had pulled on the threads to free his friend, and he’d used the distraction to do it unnoticed.
“Lord Tanner!” A voice cried out from the crowd. After a moment, Berilo recognized the man speaking. It was Arno Calvert, the owner of several large herds of cattle on the outskirts of Sustained territory, and head of his own minor Sustained house. “I mean no disrespect, my lord, but why would the Lord Asc—uh, Lord Fisher, do this to us? What could he hope to gain by hiding the heretic’s origins? Aside from hiding the truth about his son, what crimes has he committed, exactly?”
Calvert was known as a reasonable man and a respected businessman. His questions seemed well-received by the crowd, most of whom looked up at Tanner expectantly. Tanner only smiled in response. “That’s a valid question. What motivated him to betray us like that? The same reason he does everything: to enhance his own power!” He paused a moment and began a slow pace along the stage, passing in front of the Clarion and then Arico. “It’s my belief that Lord Fisher has been working with the dwarves in secret for years now. His son was raised by them, most likely as a gesture of trust to the Hauld. Together, the Hauld, Fisher, and the heretic made the dwarves into such a threat against the rest of the city that we couldn’t ignore them any longer!”
He gestured back to Calvert. “You asked why he would do this, and the answer is simple: fear! Together they made sure that we were all so afraid of the dwarves that we couldn’t think of anything else! Every time someone questioned Fisher’s actions, from how he ran his own house, or how he ran the city, to the orders he gave the Ascendants, all he would have to do was arrange some new dwarven threat and the challenge to his authority would be forgotten!”
He clasped his hands together with a strange laugh. “And now that the Council has acted and the dwarves are gone, he’s without his greatest ally! His protection has been stripped away, and we all can see him for the traitor he is!”
Berilo had to admire the ingenuity of Tanner’s fabrication. A lie was always easier to believe if it had a grain of truth to it, and aside from Berilo being in league with the Hauld, everything Tanner had said was true. What he’d failed to mention was that he had gained just as much power from stoking fear as Berilo had.
“I never worked with the dwarves, Tanner; you know that!” Berilo spoke up, trying to break up the verbal spell he was weaving for the crowd. “That’s why you made sure all of them were wiped out. That’s why you scorched the Hauld’s throat, too, so that he could never tell anyone that he had nothing to do with me!”
Arico gave him a shocked glance at that, but Berilo went on. “Either way it doesn’t matter anymore. Do you really think you can run this city without me?” He asked loudly and scornfully. “It’s my force of will that holds the Council together! Without me, you’ll have chaos in the streets inside a week. In two weeks, the people will be starving and shooting each other for food. Inside of a month, you’ll be begging me to step back into my position.” He laughed at them, as wickedly as he could make it sound. “So be it. If you want to dig your own graves by discarding me, then go ahead. Rest assured I’ll remember everything that happened here today, if any of you survive long enough to come crawling back to me.”
Tanner shook his head, but Calvert spoke again before he could respond. “What about the heretic’s claims, though? Is it true that children have been killed on the Council’s orders?”
“Of course not,” Tanner said dismissively. “The heretic was clearly lying. He would say anything to break the trust between the Council and the rest of the city. Just as his father would say anything to save him!”
“They’re not lies,” another person called out from the left side of the Courtyard. This time a woman.
She and another woman next to her were both removing brown travelling hoods and robes as the crowd looked at her. They were both tanned with dark hair, but the speaker was taller and more authoritative. Berilo didn’t recognize her, but she didn’t hold herself like a Sustained. Given how tanned she was, he suspected she was a stra’tchi. She was standing very near the wall, with a little room between her and the stage itself.
“I am Velya, of the Deathwatchers,” the woman announced, and lifted a pair of scrolls, rolled up in each hand, in front of her. “Here is proof that the heretic was telling the truth!”
Berilo looked back at the crowd, to where Drakos Bloodeye was standing, but he was also looking at her with wide eyes and a slightly open mouth. Clearly he had no idea what his underling was up to. Berilo also caught sight of another hooded woman on the other side of the stage. As she got closer, Berilo blinked in surprise. It was Hazra!
What was she doing here? Had she come to protect Arico as he had? Did she know about the Council’s decision to remove him? Whatever the reason, she was clearly trying to be unobtrusive. Keeping her cloak on, she silently made her way up onto the stage and took her place next to the Clarion.
“You all know about the Registry on display in Penntu patch,” Velya went on loudly, and raised the right side parchment over her head. “This was copied directly from the Registry. It’s a list of every stra’tchi child who’s gone through the Ritual of Rejoining in the past year. It has their names, their patches of origin, where they were sent, and the parents to whom they were entrusted!”
She lifted her left arm with the other scroll. “This is a list my friend and I have put together over the past few months. We’ve visited every stra’tchi patch ourselves, and written down the very same information. Oh. I’m a navigator, by the way,” she added offhandedly.
There was a gasp that ran through the crowd. Deathwatchers may have been odd by stra’tchi standards—they were exceptions to a lot of the normal rules—but they were still stra’tchi. The idea of a stra’tchi navigator, other than Arico himself, was shocking!
Velya didn’t give them time to think about it, though. “The two lists should be identical,” she called out, and released the clasp on both of them. They were both thickly covered with writing, but the left side one unfurled all the way down to the ground.
“The second list is three times as long as the first! Why is that?” She asked pointedly into the silence. “If those children aren’t dead as Arico claims, then where are they?”
“That is a forgery,” Tanner said stubbornly, from up on the stage. “Stra’tchi aren’t allowed in Penntu patch, so this Deathwatcher would have no way of knowing who’s on the Registry! Even if the second list is accurate, and let’s face it, Deathwatchers aren’t known for their literacy skills, she clearly made up the first list herself!”
“I never said I copied the first list myself,” Velya said with a smirk. “A friend did it for me. But if you don’t believe me, examine it for yourself!” She thrust the list in his direction. “Any of you can take it to Penntu patch and compare it to the Registry yourselves, and you’ll know I’m telling the truth!”
Berilo glanced over at Hazra again, and instinctively knew it: Velya’s ‘friend’ was Hazra. But why? He certainly approved of seeing the Council get some comeuppance for their actions, but revealing the truth would also undermine the Fisher family as well!
The crowd had other concerns, though. Large numbers of stra’tchi were looking confused and increasingly angry at the possibility. Calvert spoke up over their voices. “And who is your companion there?” He asked curiously, gesturing to the woman standing at Velya’s side.
The shorter woman stepped forward. “I’m Endu, of Tellek patch,” she said loudly. The surprises were just coming too fast for the crowd. Endu’s face wasn’t familiar to most of them, but her name certainly was. She was still a wanted woman after all. Berilo barely thought about that, though. Again he looked over at his daughter, but this time she looked back and smiled.
She’d known about this! She’d willingly worked with her brother’s murderer!
“Guards! Arrest her!” Tanner pointed down at them. “Arrest them both. The charges are treason and murder.”
Even as they started to move in her direction though, an enormous figure appeared at the top of the wall behind the two women, and leapt into the Courtyard. It, or rather he, landed with a resounding crash right in front of them. Then he drew himself up to full height, almost twice that of the guards facing him.
“Allow me to introduce my brother,” Velya said mildly into the aftermath, and the Deathwatch monster roared at the guards in front of them.
Screams of fright erupted from the nearest in the crowd, and the guards stopped their advance for a moment. They glanced at each other, and then pulled out their guns. The giant may have been intimidating, but he was still just one man, and there were at least fifteen guards on and around the stage.
“You will face justice for your crimes,” Tanner said inexorably. “As will the Hauld, the heretic, the former Lord Ascendant, and anyone else who dares challenge the Council’s right to rule!”
“Then you’d better put my name on the list as well,” said another voice from behind him, and he spun with surprise.
The Harbinger, now free, was striding forward on the stage. “Either way, it’s too late!” She pointed down at the sundial. As the people looked at it, the final traces of shadow vanished from it. The Twin Suns had arrived.
At the same time the sky darkened strangely, and a sort of… thudding noise began. Something small dropped down on Berilo’s head, and he swiped at it with his hand. It was wet. All around him, he could see others doing the same.
-.-
Chapter 65
“Thank you Lem,” Jaas whispered to herself, arms outstretched as she stared up into the sky. All around her, everyone else in the Courtyard was looking up as well, their expressions a mix of awe and wonderment. Even Arico, the one person here who might have been able to predict this, looked overwhelmed by what he was seeing and feeling.
Jaas carefully kept count of the seconds as they passed. After twenty, she spoke again. “Yes, this is what rain feels like! This is the Waters as they are on the Outside—freely available to anyone and everyone. The rains don’t care where you were born, or to whom. They don’t even care if you can navigate! This is what I offer to every one of you: all you need to do is tell me when and where, and the rains will come.”
She’d carefully timed her little speech to match the rainfall. At exactly sixty seconds, she let her arms drop down to her side. At the same moment Lem ended the portal he’d opened far, far above the city, and the rain correspondingly ended here at ground level. Once again she marveled at Lem’s precision. He’d calculated down to a split second exactly how long the water from the river would take to fall down here from his portal, and he was exactly right.
“It’s a deception!” Tanner yelled, sounding both outraged and bewildered at the same time. “She’s using Outside sorcery to trick us! She’s been using similar tricks to manipulate the stra’tchi for months now!”
“I gave them knowledge, about their own past,” Jaas clarified. “Just as I’m giving them the Waters now. Those are only a few of the many benefits that people like me from the Outside can bring here to the city. That is part of what the Council has hidden from you,” she called out to the people. “A city that they can isolate from the rest of the world is a city they can more easily control!”
Despite all the revelations the crowd had experienced in just the last half hour—all of the twists and turns they’d been subjected to—it seemed this one still had the intended effect. Most of the crowd was stra’tchi and farmers from Sustained patches as well, and they understood the value of the Waters falling from the sky better than anyone.
Tanner apparently wouldn’t be so easily swayed, though. “I will not hear the words of a lying witch,” he spat out, recoiling from her as if she was somehow poisonous to him. “Guards! As the acting Lord Ascendant of Patchwork, I order you to execute this agent of the Shemra immediately. Before she can call down any more of her corrupt tricks upon us!”
Some of the Ascendants, including those guarding Berilo, started to aim their guns at her, but even they seemed hesitant. Arico’s guard looked down at him for a moment, and then pulled him to his feet. He carefully loosened the gag, and Arico thanked him quietly before moving to Jaas’ side.
“What are you waiting for?” Tanner demanded. “Do as I say!”
Arico stepped forward. “It’s over, my lord,” he said gently. Much more gently that Jaas would have, in his shoes. “The Ascendants are soldiers, not butchers. Now that everyone knows what you’ve done—what the entire Council has done… they won’t obey you so easily.”
Tanner’s face twitched spasmodically for a second. “Then I’ll do it myself!” He raised his own gun at Arico. Jaas gasped in anticipation, but there was a blur of motion just as Tanner fired. The Clarion rushed in and took the shot himself!
He was shorter than Arico, and had been shot in the throat instead of the chest. He collapsed immediately, and Arico barely caught him. Blood sprayed out from the poor man, and for an instant Jaas was back in the Fishbowl, standing over that stricken Ascendant. The people let out a noise of dismay as well, and even Tanner seemed taken aback for a moment. He adjusted quickly, though. “You all saw it,” he said harshly to the crowd. “He tried to protect them. He’s just as guilty as they are!”
Arico was gently lowering the Clarion to the ground, but from this close Jaas could tell that there was little hope. It looked like the Clarion’s spine had been hit, probably paralyzing him. As she watched his breathing slowed, and then stopped. His eyes closed, but his mouth was curled in just the slightest smile.
An unearthly wail started up behind them, and Jaas whipped around. Hazra was standing there shrieking at the sight. The noise was one Jaas had never heard, nor wanted to hear before. It was the anguish an animal might have at the sight of a plundered nest—or the rage that same creature might know upon seeing the one responsible. As the noise finally faded away, Hazra looked up at Tanner.
Her cloak fell from around her shoulders as she pulled the skull mask over her face. From her sleeves, a pair of daggers appeared in her hands.
The sight of Heartbane seemed to snap the guards out of their indecision. They aimed at her by reflex. As she started running at Tanner, a half dozen of them fired. It seemed that the hatred for Heartbane was universal, regardless of who she was trying to kill.
None of the shots hit her, or anything else that Jaas could see. Arico was still on the ground but he twitched in surprise, and Jaas could guess why. In the blink of an eye, far faster than he apparently could, Heartbane had threaded every bullet that would have hit her!
Tanner had started reloading as soon as he’d seen the mask, but had barely gotten anywhere with it by the time she reached him. As quick as a striking snake she jabbed both daggers into his chest and pulled them out again. He just stood there for a moment, staring at the blood flowing down his shirt, before his knees buckled and he fell forward onto the stage.
Hazra was already moving towards the Clarion. “Get away from him!” She snapped, and Arico scrambled backwards to give her some space. In front of everyone, Hazra knelt next to the Clarion’s body. She cradled his head in her arms and wept.
-.-
As he stood up, Arico could only stare in shock at what had just happened. Tanner and the Clarion both dead. His father deposed and taken into custody—though for how long remained to be seen: despite his current circumstances Berilo still looked quite confident. Proof of the Council’s crimes from Velya and Endu. And most impressive of all, the rains that Jaas had somehow been able to call down upon all of them.
There was no time to dwell on it all, though. He still had a job to do, and there was an increasingly nervous crowd to tend to. Squaring his shoulders, Arico stepped forward to the center of the stage. Sabra and some of the guards were still in their standoff, but neither side seemed particularly interested in taking action for now.
He was about to make his proposal concerning Berilo when a dull roaring noise began, a good distance to the southwest. Arico turned to look, and at the same time felt a slight tremor pass through the ground. There was smoke rising now, from about half a league away to the north. Right about where the Aquunite Temple stood. The Temple was out of sight from behind the wall, though.
Arico’s stomach knotted. He knew that smoke. He’d seen it himself, just a few days ago.
Another tremor passed under their feet, about ten seconds later. This time the smoke seemed to start rising from behind the Spire itself. The column of dust was wide enough for him to see around its sides, but barely. Again after ten seconds, a third shockwave hit, this time to the west. Even Berilo twitched at that one. It had come from the direction of his home.
Three blasts, ten seconds apart. The Temple, the Ascendant Barracks, the Lord Ascendant’s Manor and now… Right on cue, the Spire itself shook. The crowd gasped as the whole structure tilted and swayed. It began falling apart even as the Spire dropped like a felled tree into the dust.
Arico had no doubt that they were next. “Grab my arm!” He hissed at Jaas quickly, and she did so without hesitation. Arico considered running down to Endu and Sabra, but there was no time for that!
Concentrating, he pulled the threads to him, enveloping himself and Jaas at the same time. She was still holding on tightly or she would have been killed. As long as he kept them both enveloped, they’d be safe. He could only hope that Velya could do the same for Endu and Sabra, and that Hazra was ready to escape as well. For the others… there was no time to save them. Grimacing, he closed his eyes in preparation.
Nothing happened. Arico hesitantly opened his eyes, but could only see a frightened and confused crowd. Why had they been spared?
“Arico!” A voice called to him from the west side of the Courtyard. Whoever it was was on top of the wall, but Arico couldn’t see him clearly until the distant figure stood up. It was Tarith! He was waving down at the stage.
“I cut the fuse leading to the Courtyard, Arico!” The kid continued, paying no heed to the people in between them, “but it’s only a matter of time before father finds where I did it and lights it again! You have to get out of here, now!”
Another figure appeared atop the wall and began moving towards Tarith. It was Taen, and he didn’t look too happy. “Look out!” Arico called out on reflex, and Tarith spun around. Too fast, in fact. He lost his balance at the edge, teetered there for a moment, and then fell inwards.
“Catch him!” Arico snapped, but he needn’t have bothered. Already a dozen strong arms were reaching out, and Tarith was pretty light. With a breath of relief, Arico saw them slow his fall and then set him on the ground safely.
Another figure appeared where Taen had arrived. “I didn’t want it to be this way, Arico,” Nemith said angrily, as his gaze swept the crowd. “You had a chance to end this yourself, with a minimum of bloodshed. But you couldn’t go through with it, because of her,” he pointed over at Jaas. “You forced me to take many more lives to achieve our goal!”
Arico glanced at the multiple plumes of dust rising into the sky. Despite the Twin Suns there still would have been dozens of people inside those buildings. Servants mostly. Guards on duty. Sick people in the Temple, waiting for medical care.
“You don’t have to do this, Nemith,” he said pleadingly. “Our orders no longer apply! Didn’t you feel the rain like the rest of us? The Council is broken now. They can’t control the stra’tchi anymore, not when anyone can have the Waters just for the asking! Their crimes have been laid bare as well—they will have to answer for what they’ve done eventually. You can walk away.” He looked at Taen as well, and the others of their group who had also come up on the wall. “You all can!”
Nemith shook his head. “You’ve always been naïve, Arico. It’s one of the reasons so many people are willing to put their faith in you. They see hope in you, even if that hope isn’t justified. Yes, I felt the Waters fall just now, but as wonderful as that was… it won’t be enough! The Council will just find another way to keep squeezing the people for everything they have! They won’t stop, not until they’re all sent to the Shemra!”
The Councilors’ individual guards were now at the gates, pressing against them and trying to push them open. “We’ve barred both entrances from the outside,” Nemith said contemptuously down at them. “You might be able to force them open eventually, but certainly not in time. I suggest you take Jaas and leave while you still can, Arico,” he looked back at the stage. “Despite your failure, I wouldn’t want you to die along with the rest.”
“Your son is down here too, Nemith! Don’t do this!”
For an instant, a flash of anguish passed over Nemith’s features. It was gone quickly, though. “Tarith made his own choice,” he said with difficulty. “As far as I’m concerned, he’s no longer my son.” He hesitated for a moment, and then signaled the others. “Goodbye, Arico.” As one they all ran to the stairs on the outside of the walls and vanished.
Arico took a deep breath. First things first. “Tarith,” he called. “How long do we have?”
Tarith didn’t answer. The poor boy was still staring up at the wall where his father had been, and he looked stricken. “Tarith! How long?”
One of the stra’tchi grabbed him and lifted him up so Arico could see him more easily. The burly farmer gave him a hard shake, and he seemed to come back to himself. “Uh… the fuse split pretty early. A minute? Maybe two,” he guessed, as his eyes strayed back to the wall.
One minute. There was no time to make multiple trips, and no way he could take everyone with him, not by himself. But then he wasn’t the only person here who could pull on the threads, was he?
“Hazra!” He turned to face her. She didn’t respond, and he grimaced. The Clarion had warned him she might lose all sense of herself, and based on her actions it seemed he’d been right.
“Heartbane,” he spoke again, and this time she looked in his direction. Tears dripped from underneath her mask onto the stage. “I need your help. Please, help me save these people.”
“I don’t care what happens to them,” she said contemptuously.
“But he did,” Arico nodded at the Clarion, and Hazra stiffened.
He had to handle this delicately, but quickly as well. “I’ll take the other side of the Courtyard, and you take this side, all right? It’s what he would want.” He could see her lips form into a snarl below the mask, but after a thankfully brief pause, she gave a curt nod.
Arico didn’t wait. He jumped off the stage and began pushing his way through the crowd. Most of them were chattering in fear, or weeping at the sight of the explosions in the distance. Not all of them really understood what had just happened on the wall. They were just packed in too tight. He couldn’t make much headway. “Sabra, a little help here?” He called over his shoulder, as he tried to push his way further in.
“Everybody move!” Sabra bellowed obligingly, and most of the noise from the crowd stopped immediately. The giant must have pointed in Arico’s direction, because the crowd thinned noticeably in front of him.
Arico smiled as he got moving again. Sabra was quick to anger, but he was also quick to forgive. Apparently he wasn’t holding any grudges about how they’d last parted company. As he reached about the midpoint for the north half of the Courtyard, Arico took a deep breath.
“All right. I’m going to navigate everyone out of here,” he said loudly, trying to reach everyone around him. “We’ll go to the north side of the patch, and end up right next to the threads. Grab ahold of my arms, or onto each other. If you’re not touching someone else’s skin, you don’t stand a chance!” He added pointedly.
Most of the people around him did so without question, and Arico’s arms, neck, face, and head were immediately covered in sweaty hands, all gripping him tightly. He was distantly aware of the other side doing the same. It looked like Hazra wasn’t moving from the Clarion, but that didn’t matter. As long as there was a connection from her to the crowd, she could still get them out.
He gave them a few more seconds to join hands, and then navigated.
The familiar white emptiness of the threads surrounded him, and he looked around. Arico quickly lost count of the various shapes and faces nearby. Most of them were in human form, but the navigators were all in their natural state—mostly animals. In fact, he was in his previous kingfisher form as well. He hadn’t been able to concentrate on looking human.
Arico opened a window and stepped out of it onto the north side of Sevvas patch. He kept moving to keep clear of the edge, and pulled a lot of hands, arms, and then people with him. He could barely move at first, with that many people holding on. With one labored step after another, he slowly made his way into the patch.
It got easier immediately. As soon as other navigators left the threads, they were able to pick up the slack and keep moving people out in his place. Arico collapsed on the ground for a few moments, panting with the effort.
Hazra had done much the same on her end, but she’d let go almost immediately. Her nearby navigators had been forced to move the rest of their people much sooner. She just sat on the ground, cradling Clarion’s body for a moment. Then she looked at Arico for an instant and vanished with the Clarion’s body. Arico actually felt relief at that, on top of his gratitude. Wherever she went would most certainly be safer for her than here.
It looked like they’d gotten most of the people out. There were a few gaps in the crowd as it formed. People who had held onto only each other, or other members of a small group, had been left behind. He shakily stood up to go back there for them, but there was another concussive blast even as he did so. To the south, the whole Courtyard shuddered. Its walls wavered and then fell inwards, and the ground itself collapsed into a deep pit underneath. Just like the Keep had.
-.-
Chapter 66
Slowly, the crowd gathered together from both sides. They self-segregated in the process, with the stra’tchi sticking mostly to the east and south, and the Sustained to the west. The Councilors were still present, surprisingly, but they stayed huddled in the middle of their own entourages on the north end of the Sustained group and closest to the threads.
It didn’t look like the fake Hauld had survived. Either no one had grabbed him or he’d shrugged off any attempt to do so. Arico was relieved about that, too. The poor man had been tortured and most likely mutilated. Even if he could have escaped, his people were all dead and gone as well. He’d probably chosen to die, and Arico couldn’t blame him.
In between these two new groups were Arico, Jaas, Velya, Endu and Sabra. Berilo was standing to one side of them. Sabra stepped in next to him to make sure he didn’t run, but it didn’t seem likely. Berilo was shaking his head slowly. “You’ve made a terrible mistake, Arico,” he said in a low voice.
“What, by saving these people?” Arico asked scornfully, though he also kept his voice low. The crowd was still assembling, but he didn’t want to air out his family’s dirty laundry here in front of everyone.
“No, that was very impressive, by you and your sister both. Unfortunately, by blurting out the truth to the people like that, you’ve given up any chance of becoming Lord Ascendant, even with my help. You could have ruled the city by my side, and even taken my place eventually. Instead you chose to tear it all down to rubble.”
He sounded as if he truly believed that. Apparently his recent ousting hadn’t dampened his ambition at all. He must have really thought he would be asked to resume his position eventually. Arico merely shrugged. “What can I say, father? I’d rather live in a pile of rubble than rule over a slaughterhouse.” Sabra pushed Berilo down to his knees on the grass, and Arico turned away dismissively.
The smoke was still rising from the ruined buildings south of them, and the gravity of what had just befallen them was still sinking in. Both sides were quiet at first, so Arico took the opportunity to stand tall between both sides.
“Listen up, everyone!” He called out loudly. “Any stra’tchi who wants to go home will be allowed to shortly. I’ll take you there personally, but we have a few things to settle first. Berilo Fisher’s fate, among other things,” he said disdainfully.
Lord Weaver pushed his way to the front of the Sustained group. “You have no authority to decide his fate, heretic. Not only are you his own son, but you are a condemned criminal yourself! You and your father will both face the Council’s justice.”
“The Council’s justice?” A man from the stra’tchi side cried out. “Arico and the Deathwatcher were right! Fisher did order the deaths of those children, didn’t he? You wouldn’t be protecting him if you hadn’t known about it too. I found my own son a few years ago, but how many others will never see their children again? How much blood is on your hands, sha’thra??”
Arico winced at that. Sha’thra was a grave insult: meaning one who worshiped the Shemra instead of Aquun. Behind him the other stra’tchi began speaking out with increasing anger, calling for Berilo’s punishment, and for the Council’s as well. “Please tell me you have more than one copy of those kids’ names,” he said aside to Endu, who nodded. That was good. The Council might be able to destroy her list easily enough, but if they could copy it, it would help a good deal in the days to come.
“You’re nothing but a mindless mob,” another Sustained lord put in scornfully. “You’ll believe anything you’re told. We certainly won’t let you tear a Sustained lord to pieces, no matter what his crimes are!”
Loud voices rose on both sides. Stra’tchi parents started shouting, demanding to know where their children were, while many Sustained responded that it was all lies. There were more on the stra’tchi side, and a few of the Sustained were circling around to join them, but the remaining Sustained seemed stubbornly resolute. Arico tried to call out and get everyone’s attention, but the shouting continued unabated. Both sides were unarmed for the most part, but it was only a matter of time before this escalated to violence.
He turned to Sabra, who was looking a little bewildered. At Arico’s nod, Sabra pulled himself up to his full height. “Everybody shut up!” He bellowed, and both sides took a step back from him, falling quiet again.
Arico gave him a grateful nod. “I propose a compromise here,” he said forcefully into the silence. “In ancient times the Vasiri had a remedy for leaders who broke their own laws. The public could see to it that justice was done, by means of a trial!”
People on both sides started murmuring at that, but Arico kept going to maintain his momentum. “Advocates would speak both for and against the leader in question, while an arbitrator would judge the truth and worthiness of their words. Finally when all the arguments had been made, all the testimony given, and all the proof provided, it was the people themselves who would make the decision of guilt or innocence.”
He paced around, trying to give both sides his attention. “If we don’t hold the accused up openly, and judge him guilty or innocent fairly, then nothing can follow but blood and death! I propose that we set up a trial for him, just as was done in the old days. Each patch will be able to send someone to listen to the arguments, and each patch will have a voice in what happens to him.”
“Preposterous,” Weaver responded angrily. “This city will not bow to mob rule!” He raised a hand, possibly to order his guards to take Berilo into custody again.
The stra’tchi crowd reacted immediately, and this time Sabra turned to join them. He gave one of his classic growls. Arico quickly moved forward to face Weaver. Weaver’s guards took aim at him, but only briefly. For once his disfigurement was a benefit to him.
“Think carefully about what you say next, my lord,” he urged the Councilor quietly, as soon as he was close enough. “If the fighting starts a lot of stra’tchi will die, but so will you. Under the circumstances, I suggest you consider my idea. You have several patches under your own control. That will give you more of a voice than most in this trial,” he reminded the older man.
Weaver still looked furious, but he did hesitate. The sheer numbers of stra’tchi here probably had something to do with it. Grudgingly, he lowered his arm. Thankfully it looked like the other Council members seemed just as reluctant to speak. They probably knew that a public trial like this would be bad for them: most likely leading to trials for them as well in the future. All the same, it looked like they were hesitant to start a Tumult right here and now.
“Your plan will take weeks, or maybe even months, Arico!” Drakos Bloodeye asked from behind him. “Are we supposed to just let the child-killer go until we’ve set up this… trial of yours? He’ll bolt the moment he has the chance—you know he will!” There were only three Deathwatchers in the whole crowd, but a bunch of others made noises of agreement with him.
Arico turned and shook his head. “He won’t be going anywhere. I’ve been planning something like this for a long time. I’ve set aside a place for him. A prison of sorts, made for one person only. I’ll keep him there, safe and secure, but also totally isolated from anyone who might try to free him. I’m the only one who knows where it is, and that is where he will stay until all the arrangements have been made.”
He smiled slightly at Drakos, who still looked unconvinced. “Besides. Even if he does escape, doing so would only prove that he’s guilty!”
Actually it had been Arico and the Hauld together, who had decided to dig out such a prison. He’d done some of the work himself, but the dwarves had done the lion’s share. Still, he was the only person left alive who knew its location. Bloodeye hesitated, and then nodded briefly.
After another few moments, Lord Calvert, the same man who’d questioned Tanner earlier, raised a hand. “Heretic—or Arico—whatever you prefer; it seems that finding people to speak both for and against your father won’t be difficult, but who will be the arbiter for this trial?” He gestured to both sides all around him. “Everyone seems to have made up their minds already.”
“I agree,” Weaver put in. “The Clarion is dead. Without him, I can’t think of anyone I’d trust to remain neutral and cool-headed in this. I certainly don’t trust any stra’tchi to do the job.”
“Nor would we trust any Sustained!” Aldwith rejoined, and the crowd echoed him. Arico blinked in surprise. He hadn’t seen the Mayor of Sakkath patch earlier. That led him to wonder just how many of the other potential rebel leaders aside from Aldwith and Drakos were here.
Arico had hoped the people might accept him in the Clarion’s place. He was the son of the accused, but he had also publicly opposed him for months now, and hopefully that fact would offset any apparent bias. As he looked at each side though, his hopes faded. He was hated by too many people to be a reliable neutral party for either side.
“I volunteer to arbitrate,” a woman’s voice rose up from the Sustained side. There was a rustle as whoever it was made their way forward, and eventually a familiar face pushed through the crowd. Arico smiled. Finally, some good news!
“I’m Lady Belaya Cartwright,” she said confidently and loudly. “My father is Lord Edon Cartwright. Some of you are familiar with his work, I’m sure,” she added wryly, and waited a few seconds for that to sink in.
“My father anticipated… some of what would happen here today. He wanted you all to know that if the Lord Ascendant is to be put through a trial, and if you choose me to arbitrate, he will advise me. He will make sure that all testimony given is accurate, and that all evidence presented is authentic.”
A hush fell over the closest people, and seemed to spread outward. Arico glanced over at Jaas, and saw her eyes were wide as well. Apparently she didn’t know any more about Cartwright’s intentions here than he did.
Cartwright’s full abilities weren’t known to everybody, and Jaas had agreed to keep them a secret for now. His many years of dealings had spread rumors far and wide, though. All around him, Arico could see the crowd nodding or making noises of approval.
“How do we know you’re not some kind of impostor?” Weaver asked accusingly. It seemed he wasn’t giving up any ground here, not without a fight. “You’re dressed like a Sustained Lady, but I don’t know you. You could be anyone!”
“He’s right,” Lord Grover put in to the side. “I can count on one hand the number of people I know who’ve ever seen Lady Cartwright in the flesh, and I doubt any of them are here today.”
“I can prove it, if you wish,” she countered mildly, smiling as she took a few steps towards Weaver. “Shall I tell everyone about the secret deal you made, with a supposed enemy of your family? A deal which is set to go into effect in precisely ten days, in a house on the north end of Borrgas patch?”
She turned slightly. “How about you, Lord Grover? Your wife knows about the last three of your mistresses, but she doesn’t know about the most recent one. A woman whose name ends with a ‘y’, and is at least twenty years your junior?” Weaver’s jaw dropped slightly, and Grover turned a noticeable shade of red, but neither responded audibly.
Belaya continued moving slowly, passing in front of the remaining Councilors before circling around to the rest. “My father knew I would face this kind of reception. The choice to appoint me as arbiter is yours, just as much as it is everyone else’s. However if any of you still have doubts about my identity, I can prove it to you in a similar fashion. I trust that won’t be necessary, though?”
Arico tried to keep his face passive, despite the sheer satisfaction of watching Belaya put these men in their place. He couldn’t think of anyone better for the job than her, if her father truly did plan on advising her. And he would, too. Cartwright never lied or misrepresented his intentions. That was part of his fame, in fact.
This was troubling as well, though. Most people assumed Cartwright’s abilities were exaggerated, or even mythical. He’d just proven they were real, to everyone. He’d taken a drastic step here. Arico hoped it would be worth it.
“If this new choice is acceptable to everyone, I will take Lord Fisher away now, and then come back to take the stra’tchi home,” Arico said into the silence. “He will be kept isolated from everyone until all the details are in place and the trial is ready to begin. I promise you all, he will answer for his actions before the people of Patchwork, and before Aquun herself.”
“Yes he will,” Endu said from behind him, and a gunshot rang out.
-.-
Arico spun as the crowd let out a collective gasp. Berilo had been on his knees already, and he slumped to the ground with a hole in the back of his head. Endu was standing over him and lowering her gun, while Sabra gaped at her. “That was for Satya, and for Alzhi,” she said quietly.
His first thought—or at least his first coherent one—was that she couldn’t be allowed to escape. For all he knew, Endu had navigator friends inside the nearby threads waiting to help her get away.
“Sabra, grab her!” He ordered quickly. Sabra did so hesitantly, pinning her arms against her sides and lifting her off the ground a little. Her gun thudded on the ground as Arico stepped around them and examined Berilo. His eyes were staring sightlessly across the ground, and he was still as a stone. It looked like he’d died instantly.
Arico took a deep breath and then looked up at Endu.
Everything he had planned. Everything Cartwright had risked. All of their efforts, and any chance for a lasting peace in Patchwork—all gone in an instant! Because of her.
“I’m sorry Arico,” Endu finally said, completely calm despite being held helplessly in midair. “The last thing I wanted was to make your life more difficult, but I had to do that. I couldn’t give him even a chance at escaping.”
“That’s precisely what he said about the Hauld!” Arico snapped, glancing back at his… father’s body. He couldn’t feel grief, not after everything the old man had done, but he could feel regret. And sorrow as well, that so many people would die now because of what Endu had done.
“What she did was justice!” A man in the stra’tchi crowd cried out. “Punishment for the children he slaughtered!”
“Justice?” Arico said loudly, standing up again. “Is that what this was? One person alone, executing an unarmed man who was about to stand trial for his actions? Sounds more like vengeance to me. That sounds like one person, deciding and acting alone, without any regard for what’s best for everyone else!”
“She did what she had to!” Another voice called, but Arico raised both arms to silence everyone. The voices continued to rise anyway, but Sabra gave a loud growl and everyone promptly shut up again.
“Where does it end?” Arico asked pointedly. “She lost people, and then killed people. And more will want vengeance on her for that. And more will want vengeance on them! How many more people will die? How much blood must be spilled to pay for our crimes—all of our crimes?”
Arico slowly realized that his voice had risen to a shout “I don’t know if what she did was right or not,” he continued in a calmer tone, after a moment. “I admit I’m of two minds on it. But what I do know is that it wasn’t her decision to make!”
He sighed. “That choice belonged to all of us. It still does. I can’t think of any way to make this right except to put her on trial in Berilo’s place! Let everyone decide, in the exact same way they would have done for my father, whether what she did was right or not. Whether it was just… or unjust.”
“I’m sorry, Arico” Endu repeated, and he hesitantly looked at her again. “I don’t have time for any trial. Berilo and Tenlor weren’t the only ones guilty of killing Satya and Alzhi, and I have more people to kill.” She didn’t look at them, but it was clear she meant the remaining Councilors.
“You deserve your trial, Arico,” she promised, giving him a faint smile, “and you will get one. After I finish what I’ve started.” Before his eyes, Endu vanished. Sabra’s hands clapped together where she’d just been, and he grunted with surprise.
-.-
Chapter 67
The scratching noise of quill against paper filled the air. This far removed from the rest of the city, it was the only noise to hear. Jaas scribbled quickly but thoroughly, documenting what she could remember of the past day or so.
Fortunately the crowds in Sevvas patch had dispersed without further violence, after Endu had killed Berilo and then vanished. Given the magnitude of what she’d done, and the events preceding that, the fact that she was apparently a navigator seemed almost trivial.
To everyone else, that was. Both Jaas and Arico had been blindsided by it.
Jaas knew that little Satya had been a navigator, and had thought it was why she’d been murdered. She had assumed, and reasonably so, that Satya had inherited it from Alzhi. Apparently she’d gotten it from her mother as well. Shaking her head, Jaas tried to refocus on the larger events.
The Sustained had plenty of navigators, and as such had gotten home from Sevvas patch without difficulty. Arico had transported the stra’tchi personally, though. Some of the stra’tchi had died in the courtyard’s explosion, and Arico had to inform their home patches of that. It had taken hours for him, dropping off people in patches one or two at a time. The crowd of people inside the threads had steadily dwindled, but all of them had seemed subdued by it all.
The Lord Ascendant had been removed, arrested, and then murdered. His body had been taken by the remaining Sustained lords. All five hugely important buildings in Sevvas patch had been leveled—killing dozens of innocent people in the process. Add to that the attempt to kill the rest of them, and Arico and his sister the Heartbane saving almost all of them, using mythical powers almost none of them had seen before! No doubt it would be months or years before people on both sides of the city had fully adapted to these events.
While Arico was delivering the stra’tchi, Velya and Sabra had come along for the ride at first. Velya had spoken with Arico briefly, making sure that no one could overhear, and then left with her brother. Jaas couldn’t read lips, but she got the impression Velya had asked for something and Arico had agreed to it.
Strangely, a pair of Sustained had come along as well. They had waited patiently as Arico dropped everyone off, and then asked to speak to Arico. That conversation had taken place outside the threads as well, but this time Jaas had been included. It turned out that the shorter of the two was Rondo Fisher, Berilo’s younger brother. Thankfully he wasn’t looking to settle any scores—not that he looked like much of a fighter.
Apparently Berilo had come to House Fisher’s estate in Nassa patch two days earlier. He had made sure that the entire household knew Arico’s true bloodline and that he was, whether he liked it or not, Berilo’s heir. Everything in House Fisher belonged to Arico now, by right.
Arico hadn’t seemed surprised by any of this. Rather, he had apparently been disgusted when the older Lord Fisher had told him. By comparison, Rondo seemed utterly unaffected by the news he was bringing. Jaas had examined him closely, but she couldn’t tell if he was very good at hiding his feelings, or he just didn’t care.
She knew about him as well, of course. The Hauld had kept detailed records on the whole of House Fisher, which he’d let her read when it became clear she was intent on joining the movement. From what Jaas could remember, Rondo was apparently a born administrator. He had an innate sense of order, but a limited desire for authority. The records had indicated that he was sensible, level-headed, and lacking in both ambition and mischievousness. He was something like a perfect second-in-command. If Arico didn’t want to take over just yet, it was quite clear that Rondo would continue what he’d been doing for years now. He would maintain House Fisher’s territory quietly, efficiently, and effectively.
Jaas’ instincts were proven right soon enough. Arico had told his uncle to go back and keep running things as she’d expected, and his silent companion had gone with him. After that, Arico had taken the remaining travelers here—wherever here was. Another safe house apparently, though it was definitely inside Sustained territory. It seemed secure even so. Arico had collapsed on one of the upstairs beds almost as soon as they’d arrived, muttered for them to stay inside, and then fallen asleep.
That left just her, Tarith, Balter and Veles. Endu’s boys hadn’t been with them in the Courtyard, but apparently Endu had brought them here and left them for Arico to find. Three boys who weren’t orphans, but might as well have been. Three children abandoned by their parents.
Tarith was still in shock at what had happened. He had just stared at the wall for a long time, before finally falling asleep as well. Despite Nemith’s long-time involvement with the dwarves, he had been part of a very old Sustained bloodline. From what Jaas had heard, that included strict traditions of patriarchy and absolute authority within his family. Considering that, it seemed pretty clear he would never forgive his son’s betrayal and disobedience. Ansanah might be more forgiving, but she also followed those strict traditions, and would do as her husband commanded. Arico had said that if he wanted, Tarith could stay with him until they could find others to care for him. Whenever that might be.
Balter and Veles had also gone to bed a while back. For some reason they seemed better able to handle their sudden abandonment. They were older, but it was also perhaps because they were stra’tchi, and had been separated from their parents once before.
Endu had apparently left her boys letters explaining herself, but Jaas hadn’t inquired as to their contents. She’d also written a note for Arico, and he’d given Jaas permission to read it. Taking a break from her note-taking, Jaas set down the quill and opened up the parchment again.
I know you may never forgive me for what I’ve done, it read simply without any preamble.
It was important that I defy you publicly, so that the people would know my actions are mine alone, and not on your orders. Maybe you can use that in the future to forge some kind of peace.
The boys won’t understand at first. Alzhi and I swore vengeance in secret, and we never told them. Veles should be sent to the Deathwatch patch after he’s come to terms with all of this. It’s not the life I wanted for him, but it’s his choice. Clearly, he’s cut out to be a Deathwatcher, and it’s all he’s ever really wanted.
Balter is another matter. He’s never had much direction in life, nor a sense of purpose like his brother. But he’s smart, charismatic, and attractive. He’ll thrive wherever you choose to send him, as long as it’s not another farming patch.
I’m also sorry I hid the truth about myself, but it was necessary. Alzhi was the one who tested me, if you remember. He knew what it meant for me to be a navigator, and convinced me to keep it a secret. Perhaps a three-year-old might have let it slip, but I was tested late.
Jaas remembered Endu telling her about that. She had been slower than other children her age, and had been held back because of it. She’d been keeping the secret for almost her entire life!
There were only a few lines left on the note.
The list of dead children—the copy you asked for—is in our safe house in Borrgas patch. It’s under the floorboards in front of the door. I hope it’s useful to you.
I meant what I said, Arico. When I’ve finished off the Council—including anyone retired who knew about the slaughters—I will turn myself in to you. Then you can put me up on trial for everyone, for the good of the city.
Until that time, I pray that Aquun keeps us from meeting. I know you will feel honorbound to try to stop me, and I can’t have that.
Despite everything, yours with love,
Endu.
A floorboard creaked, and Jaas looked up to see Arico slowly descending the stairs. He looked a bit disheveled, but much more rested. “How long did I sleep?” He asked quietly, glancing at the boys sleeping on cots on the other side of the room.
“A little over two hours. How are you feeling?”
“A little numb,” he admitted with a small shrug. “A lot happened back there.”
No kidding, Jaas thought to herself. “True, but the real question is what happens now?” She pulled out a chair for him and waited for him to sit. “If Nemith was right, and bringing the rains down on the city won’t be enough to overthrow the Council, then what do we do now?”
Arico sighed. “I’m not sure, really. The surviving Councilors will eventually meet in secret to choose the next Lord Ascendant, but that’ll take a while. The Aquunites will probably take advantage of the chaos to regain some of the power they had in the distant past. The Clarion,” he paused, looking pained.
It was clear he regretted what had happened to the Clarion, as did Jaas. She’d only spoken to him that one time, but he’d seemed a kind and considerate person.
“The Clarion initiates will want to appoint another Clarion, but the Council won’t have any of that,” Arico went on slowly. “They had enough trouble with the last one. As for the stra’tchi, I really have no idea. I doubt Nemith or any of the rest of the movement will have anything to do with me after what I did yesterday, and they don’t care about the stra’tchi as much as I do. I have a few sources of my own, though. I’ll ask them. I suspect that things will be pretty subdued for a bit before getting dangerous again. It’s the quiet before the storm.” He paused. “Did I use that right?”
Jaas smiled. “Close enough.”
“The stra’tchi patches won’t need the Waters for a few weeks at least, but then they’ll start asking you for some help. How did you bring the rains anyway?”
“It was Lem,” she explained obligingly. “After I got out of the city and recovered from the potion’s effects—which are not pleasant by the way—he took me back home. We did some research for a day or so on how to fly over the city, modified some spells to help us breathe and keep warm, and then came back here. It took some trial and error, but eventually we were able to get up high enough to see over the barriers.”
Jaas shook her head in wonderment, still remembering how it looked from up there. “The scholars who’ve studied what happened here were on the right track. It is possible to go over the city, and maybe under as well. They just didn’t fly up high enough. Besides, it was such a political mess back then, they probably didn’t want to try. They just declared the whole area off-limits and called it a day.”
“If they’d shown a little more determination, they would have made contact shortly after the Threading,” Arico said bitterly. “Thousands of lives would have been saved, there would have been no Council, and we would have all been evacuated centuries ago.”
He grimaced. “So, Lem flew up there, and used his portals to drop the Waters on us from far above?” He paused for a moment, and smiled a little. “And he knew when to use it because of the sundial. That’s how you knew when to act as well.”
“It was a pretty simple plan, really,” Jaas said proudly. “All it took was precise aim and timing, which Lem did beautifully. He can do it again whenever as well, so everyone can have rain as often as they need it.”
Arico closed his eyes briefly. “What you did was impressive. I believe it will lead to the Council’s overthrow, eventually. The potion is more important, though. Now that we know it works, we can evacuate the city. It could take years, but it’s possible. Do you think Lem could recreate it?” He sighed. “I doubt we can count on Endu to mix up any more batches for us.”
His voice had suddenly gotten very thick, and Jaas thought back on Endu’s letter. She’d known Arico almost his entire life. She’d been one of the first confidants he’d had other than the Hauld and Durhu. She’d patched him up, no doubt many times. She’d been… perhaps not a mother, but at least a close aunt to him. Jaas shook her head. “Lem’s no alchemist, but we do have friends back at the Academy who could help. I’ll tell him to reach out to them in my next letter.
Arico gave her a worried look. “I take it you plan on staying here, then? You won’t go to safety again?”
As she remembered, Jaas reached out and punched him on the shoulder. “That’s for lying to me, by the way,” she tried to put some bite into her words. “If I’d known what you were planning, I could have told you my plans as well. I wouldn’t have had to be captured to get a message to you! Besides, even if what you were doing was the right thing, I deserved to know! You basically just shipped me off like a sack of grain!”
He rubbed at his shoulder with his other arm, looking at least a little ashamed. Of course it wasn’t that simple and Jaas knew it. He’d sent her to safety at least. He may have done the wrong thing, but she could understand his reasons for it. “I am sorry about that,” he finally responded. “Thank you for coming back, and for bringing the rains. You gave hope to a lot of people. You and Lem both.”
With that awkwardness behind them, they got to planning. There were a lot of moving parts to figure out: from the Council’s inevitable resistance to the idea, to reaching out to the Thornes for help, to how and when to reveal the plan to the people. Arico hadn’t been kidding. The whole process would likely take years, but at least they had a plan now.
-.-
They were winding down when a knock sounded on the front door.
Arico glanced that way suspiciously. “Endu and Nemith are the only people who know this location,” he said quietly to Jaas. “I doubt it’s either of them.” It suddenly occurred to him that Nemith might actually be here. He might want revenge on them for sparing the Councilors’ lives.
No, that wasn’t his style. He might be angry, but Nemith wasn’t a vengeful person. Arico had refused to carry out the Hauld’s orders, which meant that Nemith would never trust him again, but it was unlikely he’d want revenge either. That just wasn’t his way. Arico felt a little sick at that loss as well. So many people he’d considered his family were now dead or gone from his life.
As he was lost in that depressing thought, Jaas pulled out one of the guns that had been secreted away here in the safe house, and started loading it. Arico suppressed a smile at how easily she did it. She’d come a long way from that training yard in the Enclave.
The knock sounded again. When Jaas nodded at him that she was ready, Arico pressed the handle down and pushed the door open. He was already holding onto the threads from high above just in case, leaving a tiny hole in the ceiling. He let go of them almost immediately, though. It was Belaya out there, along with a younger woman he didn’t recognize.
She gave one of her small smiles at him. “Hello, Arico. This is Charisa,” she gestured to the stranger. “May we come in?”
After a moment Arico nodded, and then backed up to let them in. Charisa was dressed simply, in short-cut leggings and a light tunic. Her arms were bare, but he couldn’t see any stra’tchi brand on her shoulder. She was carrying a leather satchel that clinked as it moved, indicating something metal within. Belaya greeted Jaas as well, once they were inside.
“I know you’re quite busy,” she said with an air of apology, glancing at the table with all of their hastily-scrawled plans strewn about. “I don’t want to keep you. It’s just that my father wanted me to ask for your help, Arico. Just for an hour or so.”
“Help with what, exactly?” Arico asked after a glance at Jaas. Of course Cartwright knew where they were. Fortunately, it wasn’t his style to take sides, so they were likely still safe here.
“Father wants it to be a surprise,” Belaya said wryly. “He has a strange sense of humor sometimes. He did want you to know that this favor you’re doing him is also a favor for you.”
Arico wasn’t quite sure what she meant by that, but it didn’t really matter. He could use a break anyway, and he trusted in whatever Cartwright was up to. He looked at Jaas again, who shrugged. “Go on,” she said easily. “I’ll look after the boys and keep fine-tuning our plans while you’re gone. You can tell me all about it when you get back.”
Hesitantly, Arico gave her a slight nod and then followed the two other women out. This place was near the threads, and Belaya was heading in that direction. Apparently she couldn’t pull on them like he could, despite having a father who apparently knew everything. Either that, or she could and didn’t want to advertise it.
He had been able to teach pulling on the threads to Nemith and a few others in the movement, back before he’d surrendered to Berilo. Endu had apparently picked it up just by watching the others try. That meant Jaas was wrong—it wasn’t a matter of strength.
-.-
A short time later, the three of them were on the flat grassy plains outside the Fishbowl. He took in a deep breath of surprise and pain at being here again. Aside from people dropping off supplies to Codi, who still refused to leave the underground structure, no one in the movement had any reason to come here anymore. Belaya confidently led the way towards the surface entrance though, as if she’d been here before.
It took a few more minutes for them to go down the corkscrew incline on the inside to reach Codi’s home. On the way, Belaya gave some basic instructions. They didn’t make much sense to him, but Arico only shrugged. He’d never dealt with Cartwright directly, but according to Jaas he was a ‘diviner’, and as such always had a plan in motion. Arico was actually looking forward to seeing this one play out.
He tried to speak with Charisa while they were walking, but the young woman wouldn’t even make eye contact at first. She merely blushed and clutched the leather bag close to her chest. By her walk, she was definitely one of the Sustained, and her behavior suggested that she might have been Cloistered as well. Belaya watched his continued attempts at communication with increasing amusement.
When they’d arrived, Belaya waved Charisa out of sight to the side, and then knocked on the door twice. There was a short delay, and then Codi opened it cautiously. His face split into a wide smile. “Arico! It’s good to see you, boy! We were worried you might not be coming back.” He reached out and grabbed Arico in a bear hug, lifting him a little off the ground.
Arico grunted both with humor and surprise at how strong his grip was, as the older man put him down again. “I’m all right, Codi. In fact a lot has happened since the last time I was here. I’ll tell you all about it at some point, but for right now I need to go upstairs to my dwelling and check on a few things. This is Belaya Cartwright. She wanted to have a few words with you, if you’re willing.”
Codi’s eyes widened a bit. Addled and closeted though he was, even he’d apparently heard of Cartwright’s dealings. “Please come in, milady,” he opened his arms gallantly.
Belaya gave Arico a wink as she stepped inside, and closed the door. Charisa came back around and put her ear to the door, with Arico doing the same. The voices were muffled, but still audible.
Belaya started with some small talk, as Codi apparently put a teapot over the fire. Mystified as to what her end goal was, Arico kept listening. He and Charisa were actually facing each other, and they both smiled a bit at the situation. She seemed to be more comfortable with him now, for some reason.
“I was looking forward to meeting your niece,” Belaya said conversationally through the door, and Arico perked up. This was what she’d told him to wait for. “I’ve heard quite a bit about her.”
“Alya’s upstairs resting,” Codi responded over the clanking of the pot as he stirred. “She should be down soon, though. I’m sure she’d be fascinated to meet you too.”
Upstairs. That wasn’t ideal, but he could make it work. Arico pointed behind Charisa, to the adjacent dwelling, and they both quietly headed there. Thankfully all these homes were at least generally similarly shaped, so he led the way upstairs.
“Are you a navigator?” He whispered over at Charisa. She shook her head. “All right, then you need to stay very still for this.”
Making sure she wasn’t moving, he pulled on the threads above and cut a hole in the adjoining wall. Charisa gasped as hardened clay flaked away, followed by stone and dirt spilling down into the gap. At least it was quiet. Once the hole was big enough for him, Arico let go and stepped through into ‘Alya’s’ room. Charisa followed, her eyes still wide. It made sense: his abilities may be common knowledge by now, but they were hardly commonplace. Nemith and Endu had learned from him and would surely teach others in time, but for now, this would be shocking to most people.
This was as far as he was supposed to go, so Arico just sat on the dilapidated bed. Charisa still looked nervous, but she set her jaw and pulled the satchel open. From within, she pulled out a jagged looking metal contraption. It took Arico a few moments to recognize it. He’d only seen a bear trap once before, in a display case inside the keep. Only a few people in the city had ever made one, usually as a novelty item for some rich lord or lady. Codi must have made this one for one of his Sustained clients. There were no bears inside the city, of course.
Charisa put it down and then removed a small vial from the satchel. It was some kind of red liquid, which she proceeded to pour over the blades of the trap. Then she reached down and dripped a circle of it onto her left leg, and then down to her ankle and foot. When she was done, it was indistinguishable from blood.
She put the vial back in the case and handed it to Arico. “Get back to the front door,” she whispered to him surprisingly. “Trust me, you won’t want to miss this.” With that, she started walking loudly and slowly towards the bedroom door.
The lazy conversation below halted momentarily. “Good, she’s up,” Belaya’s voice filtered through. Arico felt a chill as he left through the gap he’d made, and hurried down to the main entrance. Memories of Jaas’ injury flashed through his head. They were playing a dangerous game, messing with Codi’s trauma like this.
As per his instructions, Arico knocked on the door with the metal covering his wrists, and Belaya opened it for him. Codi smiled at his return, and then the steps upstairs started again. Codi’s breath caught as Charisa slowly descended the stairs.
Arico found he was holding his breath as well. Jaas had explained to him how Cartwright’s abilities worked. He could see everything anyone else could see. Apparently that included Codi’s delusions as well. Charisa was apparently a very close likeness to Alya, but was she close enough? Codi had been suffering ever since that brute Kurkennis had killed his niece, but would this make him any better? If Codi found out what they were trying to do here, would it snap him out of his delusion, or push him deeper in?
“A-Alya?” Codi said haltingly, looking as though his eyes might pop out of his head.
“It’s me, uncle Codi,” Charisa said smoothly. Though there was a hint of sadness in her voice, she kept moving gracefully, and finally came to a stop a few steps above ground level. The fake blood on her leg was concealed by the handrail. Her placement was perfect. Arico was sure now that she’d been trained as an actress. Perhaps Cartwright had arranged that too, in preparation for this moment.
Codi glanced at Arico and Belaya quickly. “No no no no, you can’t be here!” He said frantically. He quickly stepped forward, apparently trying to block the sight of his ‘niece’ from the two of them. “You only show yourself to me! That’s how it’s been for years now! I’m the only one you talk to!”
“No, b’rata,” Charisa said, and a tear made its way down her cheek. “You were the only person who could see me until now. You made all my excuses. You set two dinner plates out every night. You kept my things in perfect order up there,” she looked back upstairs briefly.
“But you’ve always known the truth, haven’t you?” She turned back towards him. “I’m dead, uncle. I’ve been dead for a long time now, and I can’t let this continue.”
“You’re wrong, dear one!” Codi exclaimed. “You never left me. You’ve been at my side this whole time! Even when you were taken by the Ascendants, you never broke. You found your way back to me as you’ve done every time!”
Arico winced. He trusted Cartwright, and therefore Belaya and Charisa, but this? This was like cutting into a barely-healed scar and letting it bleed freely again. Cartwright had engineered all of this, based on what he’d gleaned with his abilities. Even the name she called him, b’rata, was a common nickname from the old Vasiri language, meaning ‘shaggy dog’.
“I love you uncle,” she snapped at Codi, and grabbed his hands tightly. “That means I have to help you, even if it hurts. It’s time you faced the truth instead of hiding from it! It’s time you admit, to yourself and everyone else, what really happened with Kurkennis!”
Codi burst into tears in front of them, his chest heaved and he slumped a bit where stood, but Charisa held him firmly upright. Despite everything he’d seen, it was horrible for Arico to watch this all unfold.
“He… took… you from me,” he sobbed, barely coherent through the noise. “You were all I had left, and he took you away!”
“No,” she responded bluntly, steely eyes focused on his own. “Kurkennis threatened you, threatened both of us, but he wasn’t there the night I died. He had nothing to do with killing me and you know it!”
She reached behind herself and lifted up the bloody trap. Codi flinched away from it, as if it was some kind of incarnation of the Shemra themselves. “No… no!” He pleaded, wrenching his hands free and holding them up in front of his face.
“The truth, b’rata!” She went on harshly, moving slowly towards him as he retreated. “Say it aloud! Admit what you did, or you will never be free of this!” She rattled the trap for emphasis, and he whimpered. Belaya raised a hand minutely, out of Codi’s sight, and Charisa stopped advancing towards the poor man. He crumpled on the floor, weeping.
“I… didn’t mean to hurt you,” he said into the floorboards. “I set the trap for him! I didn’t know you’d be coming home early! It was an accident!”
Arico could barely believe his ears. All this time, the entire movement had blamed Kurkennis for what he’d done to this poor man. Not just for killing Codi’s niece, but for breaking his mind as well!
“I set the trap,” Codi mumbled, his forehead still planted firmly on the ground. “It was meant for him. He’s big, and tall. It would have hurt him, maybe crippled him, but nothing more!”
“But I’m not so tall,” Charisa said softly. “It cut into my leg, deep. I fainted from the pain. Then I bled to death right there on the floor of our home,” she went on implacably. Codi sobbed again and again, taking heaving, ragged breaths in between. Arico was paralyzed at what he was seeing, but Belaya gripped his arm warningly, snapping him out of it. He pulled on the threads and got ready.
Charisa knelt and slowly lifted her fake uncle’s head off the floor. She embraced him briefly, and then pulled back a bit. “I forgive you, b’rata. I forgive what you tried to do, and what you did, and what you concealed from everyone,” she lifted the trap again.
With a surprising amount of strength for someone so slim, she hurled the trap out the open door. Arico was ready, and made sure to thread the whole thing in midair. From Codi’s perspective, it just vanished.
Codi let out a shuddering breath, as if releasing some deadly poison from his lungs. Actually, that wasn’t far from the truth, Arico considered. He slumped there for a moment, before Charisa slowly pulled him to his feet and embraced him again. “I forgive you, uncle Codi. Now and forever, I forgive you.”
Belaya gave them a few moments, before gesturing to Charisa again. On cue, the young woman pulled back. “I have to go now. We won’t see each other again, at least not for a while.”
Codi’s hands gripped her tightly. “No! Now that you’re here—really actually here, I mean—you can’t just go! We have so much to do! So much to catch up on!”
She only gave him a sad smile. “I don’t know if we’ll meet again in the next life, b’rata, but you still have this life to live. If I stayed, I’d only be holding you back. I have to let you go, for your own good, and you have to do the same.”
She backed away from him, towards Arico and Belaya, and he reluctantly let her slip free of his grasp. Arico waited until she had a grip on his other arm, gave Codi a brief nod, and then took them both away to the threads.
-.-
Chapter 68
“So how did I do?” Charisa asked excitedly from inside the empty white expanse.
Arico had to concentrate to remain in his human form, but he thought back on the whole thing and smiled at her. “I knew it was fake, and I was still caught up in it. I’ve watched plays before, and that’s pretty rare for me. You have a gift, that’s for sure.”
“You did wonderfully,” Belaya said warmly, gripping Charisa’s hands briefly. “Every tone and every word, just so. I doubt a stage actor could have done any better.”
Charisa smiled with relief. “I was really nervous. That’s why I was so quiet, earlier,” she added apologetically.
“Do you think we really helped him?” Arico asked slowly, after they’d had their moment. “I mean, I was afraid we might end up making him worse. For all we know, he might kill himself now!”
Belaya shook her head. “Father thought it was worth the risk, and so do I. Besides, what was the alternative? Just leaving him there like that forever? At least this way it’s over, one way or another. Father has been watching him closely for years. He picked the right time, and the right person,” she added with a smile towards Charisa. “And your abilities helped sell it too, Arico. I think that by the next time someone drops by to give him supplies, Codi will be ready to leave with them and get back to his life.”
Arico could only shake his head. “You weren’t kidding when you said it was a favor for me as well. Thank you, Lady Cartwright. And thank your father for me too, when you see him. It always bugged me that Codi was so damaged. I feared he’d never be free of his sorrow, but I didn’t know it was guilt as well.”
He brought them to the edge of Borrgas patch to drop Charisa near her home. After she’d gone, Arico stepped out of the threads with Belaya. “The odds that there would be a trained actress who looked exactly like Codi’s dead niece are pretty slim, Lady Cartwright,” he said bluntly. “Your father’s been planning this for quite some time, hasn’t he?”
Belaya gave him a slight smile. “You don’t miss much, do you? Yes, my father was the one who set this in motion, years ago. He encouraged Charisa’s father to have her trained as an actress, and arranged that he’d have enough money to do so.” She looked to the south, towards her home patch.
“I have to go shortly, but there is one more thing.” They were in an empty room at the moment, so she glanced back at him and pulled a bound letter from a hidden pocket inside her dress. “The Clarion wrote this letter yesterday morning, just before the Twin Suns. Unfortunately he was keeping it in his room in the Lord Ascendant’s manor, so it was destroyed along with everything else. Father recreated it and asked me to make sure you got it. He also wrote one for your sister, which I’ve already delivered.”
She carefully slid the note into his tunic’s pocket, but he immediately forgot about it. “Wait, you’ve seen Hazra? Where is she? Is she all right?”
Belaya raised a hand. “She’s well enough, from what I could tell. Still grieving, of course. I think it’s best if she’s left alone for the time being.”
“Of course,” Arico said, a little chagrined. “It’s just I promised the Clarion I’d look after her. I can’t do much to help her, but she is my sister. I have to try.”
Belaya smiled. “You know, people like you are the reason I sometimes wish I had a bigger family,” she said comfortingly, but her smile faded quickly. “You should know my father was watching your conversation with the Clarion. If you were hoping that we can help your sister the same way we helped Codi, I’m afraid we can’t. His illness stemmed from a single event that he could never move past.”
“While hers probably comes from years and years of trying and failing to earn our father’s love,” Arico filled in the blanks. “I was afraid of that. I’ve been thinking about her a lot, even before what happened at the Twin Suns. At first I wanted to find a way to get rid of Heartbane for good, so that my sister would be all that was left. Now I’m not so sure it works that way.”
Belaya shook her head. “You’re right. It’s not a matter of eliminating one or the other. In your sister’s case, it’s more a matter of bringing the two together and making them one. After all, they are both parts of her. She needs time to deal with the Clarion’s death first, though.”
After a moment, Arico nodded. As always his first instinct was to reach out—to try and make contact. From his interactions with Jaas and the others in the movement, he got the impression that was a pretty stereotypically male response to problems. Jaas would probably agree with Belaya.
“There was one more thing I wanted to ask,” he trailed off at that, and Belaya looked at him curiously. “Maybe it’s something I’ll regret knowing, but did your father tell you anything about my mother? About her deal with the Hauld and how I ended up with the dwarves? Did she ever speak to Berilo about it?”
Belaya gave him a sympathetic look. “I’m sorry, Arico. I don’t remember him saying anything about it. I don’t know any more than you do about what happened back then. If you want, I’ll ask him and get back to you.”
It was a tempting offer. Cartwright might be more willing to share if it was his daughter asking. “No, it’s alright,” he said after thinking about it. “It would just be my own curiosity—nothing important to the city or the future.”
As he bade her farewell and watched her retreat into the threads, Arico felt more sure about his decision. Even if Berilo had been telling the truth about his mother, it ultimately didn’t matter. He was who he was regardless. Shaking his head, Arico stepped into the threads as well.
-.-
It was in fact several hours before Arico got back. Jaas took the time to complete her most recent notes and organize them. The boys woke up as well, in the interim. Balter helped her cook a decent dinner for them, in the thankfully well-stocked kitchen.
That got her wondering. Arico had brought them straight here after delivering the stra’tchi to their homes. He hadn’t stopped anywhere else to pick up food. That meant that there was someone on hand to keep this place stocked, probably every week. Just how many places like this had the movement hidden throughout the city? It was possible even Arico didn’t know that, but she’d be sure to ask him.
The dinner was quiet at first. Tarith was still somewhat subdued, but at least he was eating. Balter and Veles joked with him quietly, trying to pull him a little out of his isolation. They were just clearing the table when Arico, and a different stranger she’d never seen, arrived. He had a small fish symbol stitched into his simple work clothes, and he kept his eyes averted for the most part.
“This is Chulesh,” Arico introduced him once they were both inside. “He might be my manservant for a while. Help them with those dishes, would you?” He ordered offhandedly. Chulesh nodded and immediately followed the others into the kitchen.
Jaas followed his movements suspiciously. “Are you sure it’s safe to bring him here?” She asked Arico in an undertone. “He is a servant of House Fisher after all. He might be some kind of spy working for the Council.”
“He isn’t a spy,” Arico said confidently. “Or if he is, he’s not working for anyone on the Council. One thing Berilo definitely did right was cultivating loyalty in his own house. The entire staff, even those not related to the Fishers by blood, are… well, trustworthy may not be the right word. Reliable, though. None of them would ever harm Rondo, and since I’m heir, that extends to me as well.” He sighed. “I’m not entirely comfortable having him here, but I do need someone to help me with everyday tasks.”
Jaas shook her head. She didn’t like it either, but Arico had a point. Bringing a lasting peace to the city could take months or even years, and until Arico had his hands back, a servant like Chulesh would probably be a necessary evil.
“There’s a letter in my pocket,” Arico stepped towards her. “Could you grab it and open it up? According to Belaya, it’s from the Clarion himself.”
Jaas removed it and broke the seal carefully. And reverently, she realized. The Clarion had been loved by almost everyone in the city, herself included. He’d worked for the Council, but he’d been loyal to the people. In addition, he’d delivered her message to Arico safely, and probably averted a city-wide war in the process. At Arico’s nod, she flattened the parchment on the table and began reading aloud.
Arico, it started simply,
As I write this, the Twin Suns are merely hours away. I don’t know exactly what will happen there, but if you’re reading this, then I am dead.
I hope the circumstances of my death were something suitably heroic. Not that I crave popularity as you know, but I have spent my whole life trying to make things better for everyone. It would be fitting if I spent my death doing the same.
This letter is meant to remind you of your promise. Wherever Hazra is—no matter what she’s doing, she will need your help. When I think of her out there, all alone, it terrifies me. In addition, I have a confession to make. Your friends Velya and Endu came to see her yesterday, in order to enlist her help. They wanted her to get information for them, information they could use against the Council. I don’t know the exact details, but most likely it involves exposing the Council’s corruption. I’m sure you know where I stand on that.
In exchange for her help, they promised that you would name Hazra heir to House Fisher. And after I met with you, I went back to Hazra and said that you’d agreed to those terms.
Jaas looked up in surprise, expecting… perhaps anger on Arico’s part? He definitely did look confused, but not particularly upset.
“Go on,” he said softly, and gestured at the paper.
I should have asked you, or at least told you about it, I know, the letter continued apologetically, but after our talk, I got the feeling that you don’t much value being in charge.
You’re probably angry, but I urge you not to simply dismiss the idea out of hand. She would be the first woman openly in charge of any Sustained House, ever. That kind of scrutiny would make her more careful, and the massive responsibilities she’d be facing would give her less time to continue her other activities. At the very least, it would be a gesture to her that you value her opinion far more than Berilo ever will. After all, he promised to make her his heir in exchange for Endu’s head, and he broke that promise when he found out he was your father.
I suppose I should feel guilty for what I’ve done, but then… I am dead. I feel I’ve earned a little misbehavior. I hope it is quite some time before we meet again, brother-in-law. Best regards,
Clarion.
For a few moments, Arico just stared at the paper, but then he let out a brief chuckle. “He’s right, of course,” he said with a smile.
Jaas opened her mouth, but he was already standing up. “Chulesh, get in here,” he called immediately.
The servant was there in an instant. “Yes sir?”
 ”We’re heading back to Nassa patch, right now. I want you to find my uncle Rondo, and have him assemble the household staff. When they’re all together, I’ll declare Hazra the new head of House Fisher, and that’ll be that.”
Jaas stood up as well. “Arico, are you sure that’s wise? If you just drop in there and tell them, how will they react?”
“She’s right, sir,” Chulesh said quickly. “There are… several problems which could hamper your plan.”
That seemed to surprise Arico, and bring him to a stop. Again he stared at Chulesh, and it took Jaas a moment to realize why. He’d spoken on his own, without being spoken to! That may be the norm among the Deathwatchers and the other stra’tchi, and even among the dwarves to a degree, but for a servant to a Sustained lord? Jaas guessed that he had just massively overstepped his authority. To his credit, Chulesh seemed unafraid. He simply stood there, waiting for ‘his lord’ to speak again.
“All right,” Arico finally responded. “What are these problems, then? Since you seem to have all the answers, explain them to me.”
Chulesh nodded. “When your father came to Nassa patch and declared you his heir, he broke with tradition in a big way. There was supposed to be an installation ceremony, even if you had been born and raised among the Sustained. You were both supposed to be there, and there were even roles to be handled by your nearest family, including your uncle and sister. Lord Berilo ignored all of that, possibly because he knew you would object.”
He took a deep breath, his former professionalism forgotten for a moment. “If it had been anyone else, it would have invited questions and possibly even resistance to his decision, but you knew Lord Berilo, at least briefly. He had a force of will which was difficult to oppose.”
Arico grimaced at that, but gave a curt nod. “I suppose he did.”
Looking a little relieved, Chulesh continued. “If you were to follow his example and ignore the tradition as well, it would give many people in House Fisher a reason to oppose you. It would be even worse if your sister wasn’t there personally. In addition, now that it’s public knowledge that Lady Hazra is actually the Heartbane, and may have also helped your allies oppose the Council, the situation is even more problematic. You may not be doing her any favors by putting her in charge. More likely, you’d just be painting a target on her back!”
They were all good points, and made eloquently. Jaas reached a hand out to Arico’s shoulder. “He’s right, you know. At the very, very least, Hazra should be there for them all to see.”
Jaas realized now what had been bothering Arico about this. The same guilt he’d felt after finding out his sister was Heartbane had been amplified again. Berilo had left everything to Arico, despite the fact that they’d been enemies most of his life. Despite the fact that Arico didn’t even want to be in charge! Hazra had just been left out in the cold. Her father was dead, her lover was dead, and her brother had inherited everything. No wonder Arico wanted to make her the head of house!
Arico shrugged off her hand grumpily. “All right, all right. I suppose it can wait.” He hesitated for a moment. “Walk with me, Chulesh,” he said abruptly, moving towards the door.
-.-
“When I found out that House Fisher was now mine, it upset me,” Arico explained as they made their way up one of the abandoned streets. “It didn’t really surprise me, though.”
He wasn’t concerned about being spotted. This patch had been empty for a long time, and even if there was someone watching, it was doubtful they could find the safe house from here. “Berilo kept on insisting that I would take his place; I suppose it only made sense that he would make arrangements in case of his death. Still, it irked me that he was so sure I’d end up like him. I suppose that’s why I was so eager to give up that power. Frantic even, so I didn’t think about what it might set in motion for my sister.”
He gave Chulesh a sidelong glance. “I probably would have gone straight there and made a fool out of myself in front of everyone, but you stopped me,” he went on, but he tried to keep his admiration out of his voice. Chulesh stayed silent, as any good servant was supposed to.
“Tell me, what’s the standard punishment in House Fisher for speaking out of turn, as you just did?”
“Twenty lashes, sir,” Chulesh said unhesitatingly.
“Have you been lashed yourself, or seen someone else go through that?” Arico went on after a moment. He dimly remembered a spanking or two in his own youth, and the much more severe punishments offered to the dwarven trainees years later in the Enclave, but none of them had ever been whipped.
“I’ve seen it done, sir,” Chulesh said stiffly. It was possible he was anticipating something similar in store for himself.
“I’ve never seen one of those whips, but I understand it has nine tails, and bits of glass and metal sewn into the end of each one?” Arico asked, walking around him to the other side of the street. Chulesh gave a curt nod.
“How long does it usually take for someone to recover from twenty lashes, then?”
Chulesh paused at that. “Weeks, or months. It varies, usually based on who does the lashing. Some people… don’t recover.”
Arico had heard rumors of servants dying from their punishments, but he’d never had confirmation until now. For all Chulesh knew, Arico was no different than his father or uncle, and yet, he'd taken the risk anyway.
It was possible Chulesh was lying. Perhaps he had heard something about Arico being soft-hearted, or was gambling that a stra’tchi-raised lord would be more understanding. No, Arico had already tested Chulesh, and knew he was on the level. He believed what he was saying. This wasn’t simply fear of his lord, or respect. This was love.
“Were you at the Twin Suns, in the Courtyard with the rest of us?” Arico asked grimly. Perhaps Chulesh didn’t know the whole story.
“I was, sir. I saw everything.”
“Then you know what my father did. You know that the whole Council was responsible for thousands of stra’tchi children being slaughtered over the years. But you’re still loyal despite all that?”
Chulesh hesitated, looking torn.
“We’re in private, so you can speak freely. I ordered you to be candid with me back in the manor, remember,” Arico clarified.
With a grateful nod, Chulesh took a breath. “It has been rumored that the actions taken by the Council were a form of population control upon the stra’tchi. Is that true, sir?”
That was fast. Arico hadn’t expected the rumors to spread quite so far or so quickly. “There is some evidence to support that,” he said evasively.
“Then it’s possible Lord Berilo took those actions intentionally,” Chulesh continued, “in order to save a great many more lives than he took.”
Arico sighed, and turned away. He was just another zealot, then. Willing to excuse any misdeed on the part of the Council, regardless how horrible, because of how he’d been raised.
“Please understand, sir,” Chulesh spoke up quickly. “I was born in Raggas patch, back when my father still had lands of his own. When he died and my House fell, the whole patch was quickly put in Lord Tanner’s control. One of his soldiers took a liking to my mother, and as we had lost our titles, there was nothing we could do about it. The very authorities we could ask to help us were the same people abusing us!
“I was too young to remember it clearly,” he said softly, as Arico listened intently, “but this soldier, a commander in Tanner’s forces, pursued her relentlessly. When he inevitably raped her, she put up a fight, and he ended up killing her as well.”
“I’m sorry,” Arico said softly. It was an all-too-familiar story after all this time.
“I’m not asking for your sympathy, sir. Just your understanding,” Chulesh said evenly. “When my uncle took me and my sister and fled to Nassa patch, we were expecting more of the same. Instead we were welcomed by House Fisher. He was given a job as a wheelwright in the Estate, and when I was old enough, I trained as a bodyguard.”
He smiled again, looking Arico right in the eyes. “My family has never had any reason to fear yours, sir. I put my faith in your father a long time ago and I’ve never regretted it. When he named you his heir, I put my faith in you too.”
“But I’m nothing like him!” Arico protested. “I could never do the things he did, for any reason!”
“Begging your pardon, sir, but you are like him in at least one respect,” Chulesh said firmly. “You both make decisions in the best interests of everyone, not just for yourselves or your family. Lord Berilo decided to take all those lives in order to preserve the city, knowing that if it ever came out it might mean his death. In the same way, you climbed up onto that water tower to try and save the city, knowing it might mean your death,” he gestured to Arico’s stumps.
He raised a hand before Arico could respond, and then blushed a little. “Please, sir, let me finish. I heard what you’d done, but I couldn’t be sure if it was true, or an exaggeration, or a lie. Then I saw you on stage at the Twin Suns. Finally, now that I’ve had a chance to speak with you and observe you, I’m more sure than ever. At first I was loyal to Lord Berilo because of who he was. Now I’m loyal to you, because of who you are. And I’m not the only one who will be.”
For a few moments, Arico just considered that. Yes, he was zealous, but at least he’d thought about why. Shaking his head, Arico made his way back to the safe house as Chulesh followed.
-.-
Chapter 69
As Aron slowly woke up, he gradually became aware of the crackling sound of an open flame. He could faintly smell the smoke, and could feel something tickling at his nose and mouth. He opened his eyes, but could see very little. Apparently he was lying on his stomach on something springy but hard underneath. He turned, propping himself up on one arm.
He was lying on some kind of stone shelf covered with moss. The torch was about ten spans away, in the middle of what looked like an empty, pitch-black room. The walls were rough-cut stone, suggesting a cave or cavern. “Where am I?” He wondered aloud. The last thing he remembered was taking a stroll through the garden on his estate. He vaguely recalled hearing a noise, but then he’d woken up here. Wherever here was.
“Good morning, Lord Mason,” a woman’s voice said from the other side of the torch. It was followed by footsteps on the stone floor. He couldn’t make out her face in the flickering light, but something in her stance was familiar.
Aron slid off the shelf and walked commandingly towards her. “Whoever you are, you’ve made a grave mistake by bringing me here. I suggest you release me immediately, and I might argue for leniency when the Council is deciding your punishment.”
She gave him a mirthless smile. “Oh, you’re not going anywhere, my lord. This,” she spread her arms to indicate the whole area, “is your new home.”
Aron was old, well past his prime, but he still considered knocking her out and trying to find the exit to this place on his own. That idea faded as he looked at her face more closely. “Wait, I recognize you! You’re one of the heretic’s associates. Velya, isn’t it?”
She nodded curtly. “I’m glad you remember. If you know who I am, then I’m sure you remember my brother Sabra.” She gestured again, and a huge figure stepped into the torchlight. Aron’s heart froze in his chest, and he backed away instinctively. It was the giant! The Deathwatch Monster was here!
Images of the Monster’s recent crimes flashed through his head one after another. The people who this creature had dismembered or cut asunder with his massive sword. Entire squads of soldiers had tried to kill him, and had either been slaughtered themselves, or been unable to even catch a glimpse of their quarry. At the same time, images from his own past rose to match them. For so long he’d denied the possibility entirely. This creature was just that: a demon sent by the Shemra to torment the city. It had nothing to do with him.
He took a deep breath, and tried to regain a little authority here. “You’re both in a lot of trouble, you know. Letting me go is the only chance you have now. I can see to it that the Council doesn’t execute you for this kidnapping.”
Velya chuckled, and exchanged a glance with the Monster. “You don’t seem to understand the situation, ‘my lord’”, she said condescendingly, and pulled the torch out of its sconce. “The Council is completely irrelevant now. They have problems of their own, and even if they do send someone looking for you, they’ll never find you. As I said, this is your home now.”
Aron took another look around, now that he was closer to the light. It was definitely an underground cave. The walls were solid stone from the looks of things, and he saw a wide variety of different plants, from cacti on one side to several different kinds of moss and fungi on the other. There were no doors or windows.
“Why are you doing this?” He demanded harshly. “Is this some kind of message you’re sending to the Council? Some twisted scheme you and the heretic cooked up?”
“This is your punishment for your many crimes, Lord Mason,” she replied evenly. “For the servants you’ve abused, the soldiers you ordered to their deaths, and all the innocent lives you’ve ruined. But most of all, this is for the son you left to die!”
Aron’s breath caught at that, and his eyes flicked over to the Monster briefly. “I’m aware of the rumors concerning my past, young lady,” he said carefully, “but that’s all they are: rumors. I would never abandon a child of mine to die like that, ever. I realize you and the heretic will do or say anything to overthrow the Council, but I thought you’d be smarter than to put stock in myths and legends.”
“Oh, the story about the Deathwatch Monster is real enough,” she said, moving forward implacably as he backed away. “Your own household staff admitted to it months ago. They told me how your late wife gave birth to a misshapen child. They told me how you couldn’t bear to even look at him, and chose to kill him rather than bear the shame of raising a child who was just a little different. I suppose I’m grateful that you were too much of a coward to do it yourself.” She reached out to the giant beside her. “Say hello to your son, Aron,” she added bitingly.
The Monster leaned in, gnarled, twisted features and all. Aron backed away, right into the wall, as the creature stared at him curiously.
“I found him only a few hours after you abandoned him,” Velya went on conversationally as the giant sniffed at him and poked him a few times, before leaning back. “I raised him as best I could, and we’ve been brother and sister ever since. When I heard the full story about the Deathwatch Monster, I decided that I had to meet you someday, and repay you for your hospitality in kind. Now that the Council has been weakened, we were finally able to get ahold of you.”
“And prepare this… cell for me?” Aron asked scornfully, regaining a bit of poise now that the Monster had backed off again.
“Oh, no. This was the cell meant for the Lord Ascendant himself. Since he won’t be needing it, Arico agreed to let me use it instead. You should feel honored, now that I think of it. Not many people get sent to prison and end up with royal accommodations.” She beckoned him over to one side of the large room. Aron refused to move at first, but the Monster gave a loud growl, and he reluctantly headed in that direction.
“The cavern is sealed tight, but you won’t run out of air or anything,” she said with a sadistic tone. “These plants will keep you from suffocating after we’re gone. These mounds of moss are edible, and will grow back fast enough for you not to starve, either. The cacti on the far wall will gather the Waters for you to drink. Some of these plants even produce their own light, so you won’t be blind down here.”
As the horrifying truth of what she was saying started to sink in, Velya continued, speaking contemplatively. “You know at first I thought you were lucky. I wanted to just kill you, for what you tried to do to my brother. He insisted that we keep you alive, because he was curious about what made you into such a monster. He’ll be dropping by from time to time to ask you about that, by the way,” she added with a smile.
“Anyway, now that I think about it, this is a much more fitting punishment for you. No servants to order about, no soldiers to send after your enemies, and no wives to torment. The only things you have down here are basic sustenance… and time.”
At that, she jammed the torch into the dirt, extinguishing it in an instant. Aron’s eyes took a few moments to adjust to the dim glow along the walls, but when they did, he realized he was all alone.
-.-
Arico and his manservant were gone only an hour or so, but he seemed happier when they got back. Jaas gave him a curious look, but he only shook his head. “It’s a long story. I’ll tell you some other time, but first, there’s someplace I need to take you. Will they be all right alone?” He looked over at the staircase, and then into the dining room where Veles was playing a game of stones with Tarith.
“I think so,” Jaas said after a moment, following his gaze. “If something happens to us, though… Tarith is the only navigator among them, and he has nowhere to go! You’ll need to keep us both safe, for their sakes at least.”
Arico nodded, and extended an arm towards her. “It won’t be a problem. It won’t be dangerous where we’re going.”
Jaas updated the boys, including telling them to get something to eat if they were delayed beyond an hour, and then gripped Arico’s arm in preparation. With her help, he pushed the door open a crack, peeked around quickly, and then they were both in the threads.
As usual Arico looked like the same tiny bird while in here. However his image had been updated slightly. The tips of both wings had been clipped, now that she had a chance to examine him more closely. Since thread-images were subconscious, he probably wasn’t even aware that his missing hands had been translated to how he looked in here. Jaas decided it was probably better that way.
Wherever they were going, it was taking a bit longer than usual. That meant their destination was someplace seldom visited. At least by Arico. When he finally opened a window and pulled them both out, Jaas was bombarded by light and color. Reds, oranges, greens, yellows, blues—all of it. It took her a few moments to recognize the source for what it was.
They were standing in front of the ruins of the old Crystal Palace. The former seat of power not just for the city, but for the entirety of the Vasiri empire. The sun was shining low, about two hours from sunset, but its rays were passing through the rubble, resulting in a mesmerizing kaleidoscopic effect. Lem would have loved it. He’d always found art fascinating, especially compositions with lots of bright colors. Jaas had heard that most pescah had a similar appreciation.
Arico led her to the left, and down to a series of bushes which had grown up among the ruins. Cleverly concealed behind one of the plant clusters… was a tunnel entrance. “Light your torch,” Arico instructed quietly.
With practiced ease, Jaas wrapped and lit her torch, wondering why he was being so quiet. He seemed certain the palace ruins would be safe, so perhaps he was showing respect or reverence to the men and women who had once lived here. As if emboldened by the torch’s sudden glare, Arico pushed aside the bushes and led the way down into the tunnel. He stopped almost immediately and waited for her.
Jaas could see why as soon as she made it down there next to him. The underground room wasn’t large, but it was covered in script. The floor was marble, polished but dirty from all this time untouched. Flowing lines of writing covered both walls to the left and right, and extended onto the far wall as well. The script converged in the middle of it, at what was obviously a door.
“This is impressive,” she said softly as well, moving the torch to get a better look. “The architecture is Vasiri, and the workmanship is beautiful. I didn’t know there was anyone in the city who built in this style anymore.”
“There aren’t,” Arico responded after a moment. “This room existed before the Threading. It was dug out by the Vasiri themselves.”
That made sense, given what she was seeing on the walls here. “This script is partly in old Vasiri dialects, but it’s also mixed in with Uatoni.” She paused, and looked back at him. “How did you find this place? You once told me that people only come here every once in a while, to dig through the crystal ruins in search of a prophecy or two. It would take days of searching, maybe even weeks, to even stumble on this place!”
Arico gave an abbreviated smile. “I had a leg up, actually. The Hauld’s collection of books included a description of the Vault room here. I didn’t know exactly where it was, though. While I was a captive, I was given access to some rare volumes inside the Library in Penntu patch. There was a map there with this location,” he looked around, apparently sharing her awe at what they were seeing.
“The First Council found out about this room and did a thorough study. They tried to translate the writing and open the door, but none of them could make any headway. There just wasn’t enough Uatoni writing left in the city after the Threading for anyone to be able to read what’s in here. I thought you might want a crack at it, though.”
“You thought right,” Jaas admitted, crossing the room to get a better look at the door. It was elaborate, with what looked like iron braces inlaid with gold and silver. The writing circled the door, in a beautiful pattern that seemed familiar somehow. “Why didn’t they try to force the door? It’s probably one of the first things they considered,” she said over her shoulder as she traced the inlays with her fingers. There didn’t seem to be any damage at all.
“They didn’t want to risk it,” Arico answered from the other side of the room. “The First Council believed this was a vault of some kind, holding the riches of the ancient Vasiri emperors. It was pretty common for Vasiri to rig their vaults to destroy any valuables if the doorway is breached. According to the passages I read, they had scholars in here for years, once upon a time. Eventually they just gave up. Those bushes outside weren’t planted—they grew up over time after people stopped coming in here.”
Jaas set her jaw. A puzzle, then? Perhaps a security measure, to keep thieves from getting in? Gingerly, she spread out her hands on the wall, and felt some of the script jiggle a little. Focusing on that area, she pressed on the symbol, and it pushed into the wall just slightly. When she let go, the symbol pushed its way back out, lining up with the others again.
She let out a noise of triumph, attracting Arico over to where she was staring. “It’s a combination, Arico! Some of these letters can be pushed in, see? If I’m right, there are others all around this room. We just need to find them, and then figure out which order to press them.”
She looked around, trying to ignore just how difficult that might be. “This vault isn’t like the Crystal Palace at all, though,” she thought out loud. “I doubt they used any rituals to reinforce this place. They wouldn’t need any, not if this place stayed a secret from everyone except the emperors, and a few of their servants.”
“My thoughts as well,” Arico agreed, running his stumps over the wall as she did the same with her fingers. Some of the symbols were easier to find than others. Jaas suspected the First Council and the scholars they’d brought in here had discovered them all, and then tried various combinations over time. Some of these ‘buttons’ showed signs of wear and tear.
It took a few more minutes, but together they were able to identify over two dozen individual buttons. Jaas felt a sinking feeling in her gut. “If it is a combination, there could be any number of possibilities to try. We don’t even know if we need to press all of them, or how many times.”
Once again she had that sense of familiarity, and tried to place it. Something about this room… That was it! She’d never seen this room before, but she had studied it. Back during her classes in Vasiri history.
“It’s not a puzzle,” she breathed softly, and Arico gave her a curious look. “It’s a joke!”
Jaas hurried back to the room’s entrance, and studied the ceiling closely. She brushed aside some dirt, but still couldn’t see it. “Could you… very carefully thread away some of this dirt please?” She asked after a moment. “I can’t clear it by hand, and I doubt you have the right tools back in the safe house.”
Arico still looked confused, but he nodded obligingly and slowly reached up to the top of the entrance. He swept his arm side to side, dislodging layer after layer. “There! That’s what I needed!” Jaas exclaimed. It took a little more effort, but soon she was able to see the inscription hidden there as well.
Jaas leaned back, smiling. “I know who built this room,” she said confidently, now that her hunch had been proven correct. “His name was Anjohl A’havras. I studied his work back at the Academy. He was an imperial architect who worked for the Vasiri when this city was first being built. From the notes I read, he had an… interesting sense of humor. He would design rooms like this, with elaborate puzzle locks in place to frustrate thieves, but none of those puzzles were solvable. Instead, he left a button like this one-” she pressed the recently exposed symbol hard- “as a joke. And an insult, to anyone who spent days or weeks trying to find the right combination.”
In response, there was a loud grinding noise of metal upon stone. The double doors shifted, slowly opening as the hidden machinery behind the walls pushed them and turned them. Arico shook his head slowly. “Three hundred years of our best and brightest trying and eventually giving up, and you open the vault door inside five minutes. The First Council would be turning over in their graves.”
Jaas scooped up the torch and approached the opening. “This is no vault,” she said slowly, now that she could see it more clearly. It was a passage. Stairs descending into the darkness… and the sound of flowing water somewhere deep below.
She exchanged a look with Arico. He was smiling slightly, clearly aware what she wanted to do next. “The last time I went into darkness like this, it brought me here. A lot of people suffered because I showed up here in Patchwork,” she said musingly.
“A lot of people are better off because you’re here too, though,” Arico answered slowly. “Still, if you had it to do over again, I think you would. You call yourself a magician, a scientist, a scholar—but in your heart, you’re an explorer. Question is, do you want company this time around?” He extended an arm towards her.
For a moment Jaas didn’t know how to respond. Then she smiled, took his arm, and stepped through the threshold.

