Thus It Began

Susan Skylark

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 Susan Skylark
Revised 2019



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to an authorised retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author



Table of Contents:

Book I
Book I: Chapter 2
Book I: Chapter 4
Book I: Chapter 6
Book I: Chapter 8
Book I: Chapter 10
Book I: Chapter 12
Book II
Book II: Chapter 2
Book II: Chapter 4
Book II: Chapter 6
Book II: Chapter 8
Book II: Chapter 10
Book III
Book III: Chapter 2
Book III: Chapter 4
Book III: Chapter 6
Book III: Chapter 8
Book III: Chapter 10

Other Books by this Author
Sample Chapters



Book I



Chapter 1

To all things there is a beginning and an end, save the Master.  Before all things He was and long after all things cease He will continue.  Nothing exists save by His will.  So it was before the world was and even before time itself, the Master was.  The Master had many servants of form and type no mortal mind can imagine; the greatest of these rebelled against Him and thus declared war on everything the Master made, willed, or held dear.  The Master could create but His Enemy could only destroy.  His greatest creation reared up against its creator in hopes of replacing Him.  The Enemy was defeated but not destroyed, and ever did he despise that which the Master loved.  Eventually time and the world were brought into being and the stage was set for the Enemy’s greatest triumph.
The world and all within it were perfect and wonderful, as the Master intended, and He rejoiced to walk among His creations.  To the dearest of these He gave the gift of thought and the gift of choice, but with this gift came also a great danger.  These thinking creatures could choose to follow the Master or choose to go their own way.  If they chose to follow their own path and rebel against their Maker, all fellowship with Him would thus be ended, as He could not mingle with evil.  He could have made man and his fellow sapient creatures as the beasts: without conscious choice and thus no such evil could befall them, but such was their value to the Master that He gifted them with the very thing that might spell their own doom.  For willing servants were of more value to Him than many mindless slaves.  For true love and devotion cannot exist where there is not conscious choice.  If He did not give the gift of choice or reneged on that gift because of bad decisions, then men would be no different than the beasts, but the breath of the Master was in them and He loved them dearly.
Men wandered about a perfect and unspoiled world free of fear, greed, and evil, and ever in the hopeful and glorious presence of their Maker.  But for some this was not enough.  Tempting thoughts entered a certain mind, that perhaps there was more, far more, than what the Master had yet revealed.  What was he trying to hide and why?  Could man do far better without the restraints under which he currently lived?  Why did the Master have the final say in everything?  Should not man have some choice in his own fate?  Thus it was that these uneasy thoughts tormented the mind of a king of men.  He came to want more than was rightly his due and became dissatisfied with the abundance about him.  Nothing could sate him, save his dreams of glory beyond the wont of men, and for the right price there was one who would offer him all he desired.  It was a terrifying thought to consider, but he feared he might go mad if he did not give in to these terrible dreams.  From afar, the Master watched and grief filled His fathomless eyes.  The man could turn to the Master for comfort amidst his torment but he dared not, for something deep inside wanted to move forward no matter the cost.  
So it was that on a night without star or moon, the man found himself on a lonely hilltop with his greatest advisors standing about him.  The time had come for his torment to end and his dreams to be realized.  Once the price was paid, the power would be his.  The only task that remained was to commit the vile act, such evil the world had never even imagined.  His daughter, his only child, was brought forward with a hood over her face.  She did not weep, for she could not conceive of the horror that awaited her.  She knew only the innocence of men in better days.  Her father and his advisors, alone of all men, knew the wickedness to which they aspired.  An cruel knife was drawn forth and the hood removed from the girl’s eyes.  She stared with widened eyes from the fell blade to her father’s cold eyes.  
“You cannot,” she whispered.  
“I must,” said he, desperation tingeing his voice.  She looked at him in horror, a single tear trailing down her cheek.  He was unmoved.  It must be so.  He raised the blade and made to strike, but he and all about him were driven to the ground by a great and terrible light.  
The man regained his footing and sneered, “you have no authority here.  Be gone before I become violent.”  The light receded slightly and a vaguely equine shape was beheld.  The creature pawed the air and a terrible awe fell upon all there gathered.  
Thus did the creature speak, “you must not do this terrible thing.  You will forever tear apart the laws that bind the world together.”  
“I will do as I please,” scowled the king, “and there is nothing you can do to stop me.”  
“If you are set upon this course I cannot stop you by force, but perhaps I can offer you an exchange,” said the creature.  
“What can you possibly offer me?” growled the king with greed in his eyes.  Here perhaps was power even greater than he had first considered.  
“The foul demon with whom you are dealing demands innocent blood for your vile contract, so be it!  Take mine instead of the girl’s,” said the creature.
“Yours!” gasped the king, “but of what advantage is that to you?”  
“To ransom the life of this dear child shall be gain enough,” said the creature.  
“Very well,” said the king.  “I have a feeling my master will be quite pleased with the exchange.  What is one small child when the blood of his enemy is laid at his feet?  What are your terms?”  
“Give me one hour to bear this child to safety, then I will return hither and you may do as we have agreed,” said the creature.  
“How do I know you will not steal the child and disappear?” asked the king.  
“You know very well I do not lie,” thundered the creature and all creation seemed to echo his wrath.  The girl found herself on the creature’s back and he said as he galloped into the night, “in one hour I shall return.”  The girl was silent with shock but slowly grief and horror crept upon her and she wept in uncontrollable sobs. “Do not weep little one,” said her rescuer, “you are safe and all will be well.”  
“How can you say that?” sobbed the girl, “Evil is about to be unleashed upon the earth and no one will be able to stop it.”  
“I can,” said he, softly.  
Unshakeable peace settled upon her and her weeping ceased.  They approached a small cottage with one fitful candle flickering upon the windowsill.  Somewhere a stream chattered in the night.  A woman emerged from the cottage and wrapped the child in a blanket.  The woman bowed deeply to the creature before he turned and retreated into the darkness.  The child fell into bed and found the forgetfulness of sleep.  The woman stared into the darkness and wept.
Back upon that fateful hill, the King and his men waited for the return of the creature.  Within the promised hour he came, his light dimmed to that of a guttering candle but a holy fire blazed in his eyes.  He stood firm but his head drooped as the King approached with the cruel knife; scornful laughter filled the night.  Cold light glimmered on the blade as it struck home, then all was darkness.  A terrible cry rent the night, as if all creation mourned the fall of its Maker.  A storm raged out of the west with winds like a hurricane and clouds as dark as death itself.  There was no light save the lightning that shattered the sky; the fury of the world resounded in the very thunder.  The hill raged like a wave on a storm driven sea and split asunder.  The terrified horses broke loose and vanished into the night.  The men were tossed from their feet and a desperate general roared above the fury of all creation, “what have you done?”   
“I have loosed the wrath of the heavens,” screamed the king.  Panic engulfed the men as it had done their horses and they too fled into the night.

The girl awoke in the darkness and heard the wailing cry that seemed to come from the very heart of the world.  A great chasm had opened within her heart and echoed that cry of utter despair.  But such was the grief and terror of the night that she fell again into unknowing sleep.  In the morning, she felt as if her very heart had been ripped from her chest.  The woman looked no better.  “I must know,” said the girl.  The woman nodded dully and pointed to the little barn that held a horse and a few cows.  As she saddled the stallion, the girl envied his inability to comprehend the horror that had just befallen the world.  The woman watched with vacant eyes as the child rode off into the growing day, whose brightness mocked the darkness that now dwelt in her heart.  The girl rode to the top of that accursed hill but found no trace of the previous night’s horrors save the vile blade broken in two, lying upon the grass, and a great chasm in the heart of the hill.  
She peered over the edge of the great rent in the earth but jumped as a voice behind her said, “what is it you seek?” 
She shrieked in pure joy, flinging her arms around the Master, who stood beside her on the hillside, glowing to shame the sun.  “You are alive!” said she.  
“Yes,” said He.  
“But what of last night?” asked she, “I was sure You had been slain.  What of that horrible shriek and the dreadful darkness?”  
Said He, “My life cannot be taken against My will.  Before anything ever was and after all has passed into nothing, I was and ever will be.  I laid down My life not only for you, but for all things that would have been utterly destroyed by the attempted acts of last night.  Your blood would have strengthened that foul demon of war beyond anything he has yet achieved.  My blood, offered willingly in exchange for another’s broke his power.  What began in selfishness and evil, ended in selflessness and love, which alone has power to conquer the darkness.  He has been vanquished but not destroyed.  He still lurks in the world, full of malice and hate and ready to assist any who give themselves over to a lust for power and destruction.
Until last night, mankind had lived in peace and harmony with one another and with all creation, but that peace has been shattered.  Man has shown himself vulnerable to evil, willing to place himself above all else, including his own children.  It is no longer safe to assume that all men are good in and of themselves.  Each individual must hereafter make a decision to follow what is right and good, or to follow his own selfish path into evil and darkness.  From the dawn of mankind, it was given into your hands to decide whether to pursue goodness or darkness.  A member of your race has chosen the ultimate darkness and with his fall, all are now required to make a decision that once came naturally to all.” 
She felt the very longing and emptiness of which He spoke: the great empty chasm that had been her heart.  She looked into His eyes beyond depth and said, “I have lost something within myself.  I am no longer whole.  I have a longing, a desire for something.  Something, though I know not what.  Something greater than myself.”  
“Yes,” said He, “your whole race now shares that same longing.  And with what you fill that hole will determine the course of your life, and the lives of all those around you, from now and ever onwards.  Choose carefully.”  
“Can I choose You?” asked she, almost shyly.  
He smiled and the hill echoed His joy, “of course.  After last night, the world is hurting and needs to be told these things which you have just heard.  I need someone to go forth and tell them.  Bring your horse forward.”  She ran after the horse, which had strayed upon the hill and had to drag him towards the Master, whom the foolish beast seemed determined to avoid at all costs.  “Do not be afraid My simple beast,” said the Master, “from now and ever onwards, you and your descendants will no longer be considered simple.”  The Master turned His side to the girl and she gasped in horror at the great wound that marred His side.  Silver blood occasionally dripped from the wound.  She drew away in terror.  “Do not be afraid,” He said, “this is the price of last night’s adventures.  Though much was lost, much good also came of it.  Take a drop of My blood on your finger and place it on the horse’s tongue.”  She hesitantly complied and cautiously took a drop of the precious fluid and placed it on the horse’s tongue.  He snorted in indignation as a flash of blinding light consumed him.
She now held a unicorn by the reins.  The once dull eyes now held wisdom and fire and his sorrel coat had become as the snow.  Cloven hooves of silver replaced his simple hooves of grey; a silver horn protruded proudly from his head.  He looked at the Master in dismay and shook his head in disgust.  The Master laughed gently and said, “remove his bit.”  She complied and the creature seemed much more at ease.  “Now, it is your turn,” said the Master.  The girl looked with pleading eyes to the Master.  She glanced at the gaping wound in horror.  “If you really wish to serve Me, you must taste of My blood,” He said, “by doing so you are binding yourself to Me and My purposes.  You will gain much in wisdom and abilities but in so doing, you are also swearing to serve Me, even with the forfeit of your life be it necessary.  Do you wish to proceed?”  She nodded grimly and did as she was bidden.  She seemed to grow taller and a thirst for knowledge grew within her; a deeper understanding of things once hidden to mortal minds blossomed in her heart.  She found herself as changed as the horse.
“Now,” said the Master,” I will tell you of things long hidden to the race of men, things vital to your quest.  The demon of war, to whom your father nearly sacrificed you, was once My greatest servant.  But he desired things beyond his grasp and made an attempt to supplant Me as the Master of All.  He was banished from My presence and ever since has made war upon all that is good and wonderful.  He has claimed lordship over all creation and still yearns for the power he cannot have.  Until last night, he had made no progress in his war against Me, but last night there came a breaking.  Men, who had once lived in peace, have heeded his call and some have broken away from Me, seeking the power promised by their new master.  Now all must decide whether to follow him or Me.  None can sit this out.  By stepping aside, they are simply declaring themselves for him, if only by doing nothing.  This is war!  There are no civilians.  He will devour everything if all stand aside and let him.  I will only do so much.  I am Master of All Things, but I have also given all sapient creatures a choice, and upon that freedom of choice I will not trespass.  They must choose what is right or what is evil.  I will not infringe upon their decisions for good or ill.  If they choose the right, I can assist them, but if they choose evil, I can only stand aside and weep for their ill choices and dire fate.  That is why I could not interfere directly in the affairs of last night.   
It is up to you, and those like you: My servants, to pursue evil in whatever form or guise it takes and do what you must to defeat it and to defend the innocent.  You must spread word of this through all lands and to all peoples.  It will not be easy and there will be much heartache along the way but you will never be alone; it must be done or evil will certainly consume the world and all within it.  Last night a deadly blow was dealt to My enemy, but he is still lurking about and still very powerful.  In the end, he will be completely vanquished but until that final Day, you are all that stands between him and devastation.  A rent has been created in the hearts of men.  They will yearn for Me and try to fill that gap with all sorts of lesser things.  You must tell them the truth of these things.  Last night, the innocence of man was lost, but by My blood it can be healed.”
As the Master finished speaking the light dimmed just enough to reveal the form of a second unicorn but with a horn and hooves of gold, Who stood as tall and proud as a warhorse towers over a pony.  He said, “your faithful steed will be the father of the race of mortal unicorns and you shall be the first among a great and future throng of My servants.  I will hereafter withdraw from wandering abroad in the world, but I will be found by those who seek Me.  Go forth and teach what you have been taught, fight evil, and protect the innocent.”  He glowed brighter and was lost in the sun just topping the hill.  The girl now stood alone atop the hill yet holding a unicorn by the reins.  
She faced the creature and said, “this is all very awkward.  Not least of all for you, I suppose.  I at least have always been a girl.  You are a creature that has never before walked the earth.  What shall I call you?  I am called Astoria.”  The creature nodded as if he had always known that.  Only then did she realize the strange new sensation in the back of her mind.  It was as if she could vaguely sense the creature’s thoughts and wishes.  She wondered if he could feel her own.   The creature nodded again.  She smiled in amusement and joy.  “But what is your name?” asked she.  The creature thought for a moment and then the thought came to the girl.  “Kahlyr?” asked the girl, “A strange name, but you are also a strange creature.  Did you name yourself?”  The creature made a sound that the girl was never quite sure whether it was a shrug or a laugh.

The girl looked at the creature and said, “we have a mission.”  The creature nodded and looked at her expectantly, as if the decision to leave or stay was fully in her control.  She continued to stand there and he continued to gaze placidly at her.  Finally, she asked, “well?”  He yawned and flicked his tail lazily.  “I see,” said she, “I thought this was some sort of partnership but I suppose one of us must lead.  You really do not mind?”  He blew air out of his nostrils in a sigh, as if this is what he had been waiting for all this time.  She laughed and climbed back into the saddle.  She had been afraid so noble a creature might object to bearing such a burden but it seemed that that was his purpose and his reason for being.  He sighed again.  When would she fully understand this strange relationship she now shared with the peculiar creature?  The unicorn moved more quickly than any horse could even dream and soon enough they returned to the small cottage where the girl had found refuge the previous night.  She slipped off the great creature’s back and ran into the house.  The disconsolate woman sat where the girl had left her, her eyes were red with weeping and despair hung about her like a cloak.  
She gazed blankly into space but looked at the girl as she entered the cottage.  “You have returned,” said the woman with no life or interest in her voice, “what has happened?  The sun has risen and the birds yet sing though there is no life or joy in my heart.  Is the Master truly dead?”
The girl flung her arms around the morose woman and in a voice of gentleness and joy, said, “weep not fair lady.  The Master died but lives again; even death cannot hold Him.”  
The woman stared at the girl in disbelief, “if only I could believe you!  But my heart seems rent in two and such thoughts are now in my mind that yesterday I could not imagine.  The memories of all my yesterdays fade and it seems this strange muddle that is now my mind is all my future.  What has happened?”  
The girl looked sadly at the woman and said, “the Master was indeed slain and by human hands.  Evil has come and all creation must pay the price.  We are now sundered from our Maker as was never the case before, which is the great gaping hole you now feel in your heart.  Our innocence is lost and now we must choose daily whom we shall serve.  The evil thoughts now come as easily as the good, perhaps more so.  Creation itself is forever marred by death, disease, terrible weather, and other things that were once unimaginable.”  
The woman looked lost, “death, disease, war, hate, greed: such concepts and words I did not know yesterday.  Are we completely lost and forsaken?  Why does the Master not just destroy our fallen race and start anew?”  
The girl smiled, “He loves us too much!  It would be far easier and much less painful but such would not be love.  He gave us a choice.  We exercised it foolishly and out of love for His foolish creatures, He will not renege on that choice.  But He has given us a way out of our folly.  His blood was shed last night for vile intention but instead became the key to redeeming mankind.  Any who seek the Master can find Him still.  But it is now up to us to seek Him, for we no longer have the joy of Him walking among us.”
The woman smiled weakly, “you bring me great hope in my grief though I do not yet truly realize what our race has lost.  Perhaps I never shall.  The past grows dim and I begin to forget what our former life was like.  Perhaps it is one small mercy not to know what it is we have lost.  But what shall come of human civilization?  I fear we shall no longer live peaceably together as was our wont.”  
The girl looked grim, “men may now choose to embrace their baser desires, at great cost to others and their own souls.  That is why the Master is sending His message abroad, that they may again have hope and will not forsake His ways.”  
The woman looked concerned, “how will you reach the entire world before all falls into war and chaos?”  
The girl said, “I cannot do it alone and I hardly know what to say, but the Master has promised to go with me.  I can only hope that He will raise up others to help in my quest but if I must do it alone, I shall.”  
The woman smiled eagerly, “you shall not go alone.  I will go with you.”  
The girl smiled, “I would appreciate the help but perhaps we should go separately.  It would be good to take a faithful friend but separately we can reach twice as many.  It is a desperate hour and a vital message we carry.  I fear all men are now facing the very thoughts that have haunted you these many hours.  We must bring them an answer lest they seek one for themselves and all civilization descend into chaos.”  
The woman nodded, “you speak wisely though I know not what to say.”  
Astoria smiled, “neither do I but the words shall come when we need them.”  
The woman asked, “how do you know that?”  
The girl thought a moment and then said, “I am not sure but they are true nonetheless.”
The woman ransacked her small house, found what supplies she could for a long journey, and split them evenly between the two of them.  She said, “I only have one horse.  One of us must go on foot.”  
Astoria looked a bit sheepish and said, “I am afraid you no longer have a horse.  He is now something else entirely.”  
They both looked out the window and the woman gasped, “a unicorn?  What has happened?”  Astoria quickly told her tale.  The woman laughed, “then I suppose it is I that must go afoot.  What do you think the Master meant by him being the father of his race?  There are no females of his kind to perpetuate the species.”  
Astoria shook her head, “I do not know but I think he will.  He seems continually surprised by my own ignorance.  For being only a few hours old he has much wisdom.”  They shared amused smiles and gazed on the creature for a few moments before returning to their packing.  
“Where shall we go?” asked the woman.  
Astoria said, “you go west and I shall go south.  Speak to anyone who will listen.”  The plan seemed good to both of them and they set out immediately to reach the world.  
“What if others wish to aid us?” asked the woman.  
Astoria smiled, “the world must be reached.  If others aid us it will go the swifter.  Only pray that their message is the same and they do not use the current crisis for their own purposes.  May the Master go with you!”  The woman smiled and bid her young friend farewell.  The woman took up her staff and made her way west while the girl climbed into the saddle and began the ride east and south.  Both wondered what the future held for themselves and all humanity.


Chapter 2

Astoria was reluctant to ride home but everyone must know, even her own murderous family.  As she rode, she happened to glance down at her mount and started in surprise.  The unicorn had vanished and she found herself riding upon a dapple gelding.  The creature shook his head in amusement.  She laughed, “what other strange talents do you possess?”  He snorted noncommittally.  She laughed, “I will have to learn these things on my own it seems.”  He nodded.  The girl sighed.  He was still a unicorn but it seemed he could look the part of a mortal horse if he so chose.  That at least might prove a useful skill.  She looked forward with eagerness and trepidation to discovering what other secrets he had yet to reveal.  Her home was not far from that forsaken hill and it did not take long to reach the small city where her family lived and reigned.  She was not prepared for the sight that met her.  The city seemed abandoned and half of the buildings bore some sign of fire damage.  Her family’s home had burned to the ground.  What had happened?  
As she sat her saddle pondering these things, she heard a familiar voice say, “Astoria?”  She turned her head and saw a boy her own age peeking around the side of a partially burned house.  
She smiled, “Garren!  What has happened?”  
Garren was her dearest friend and it cheered her heart to know he was well.  He smiled with relief and said, “what has happened to you?  We all feared you dead at the hand of your father.  What strange things have happened in the world?  Things are very different this morning.  But come, we should not be found in the open.  The world is not as it was.  Evil and death have come.”
She dismounted and led Kahlyr aside, though he knew well enough to remain out of sight.  She followed her old friend into the woods until they came to a farm some way from the city.  They made for the barn and there she found a small gathering of frightened townsfolk.  Many were relieved and surprised to see the girl alive.  “Where have you been?” gasped her mother, running to embrace the errant girl.  Astoria quickly told her story and all gasped in horror.  Astoria’s mother wept, “so it was he that broke the world and now we all must pay the price.”  
Astoria looked grim, “what happened here?”  
Garren said, “in the middle of the night your father and his advisors returned in great fright.  They would not say where they had been or what had happened but it was obvious something terrible had befallen them.  They vanished into your house, apparently for a private conversation.  Your mother fled in fear and raised voices could be heard on the opposite side of the city.  Many went in, only a few came out; your father was not among them.  The house was consumed by flames and terror spread through the city.  Most of the populous fled in confusion and terror.  Those that came out of your house alive fled.”  Even after all of his evil deeds, Astoria still mourned the loss of her father.  
“What are we to do?” asked her mother.  
Astoria pushed her grief aside and said, “we are not completely forsaken unless we choose to be; the Master can be found by those who will seek Him.  His blood has healed the breach created by the deeds of last night but the world will never again be the same.  Cling to His grace and mercy and He will see us through.  Return to your homes and continue on with your lives, living in love and peace with your neighbors as the Master would have you.”
Her family and friends looked at her very strangely.  Garren asked, “what has come over you?  You have never spoken so!  I never met such a shy and quiet girl.  Where did this sudden burst of confidence come from, especially in such dangerous times?”  
Astoria smiled, “who can remain silent when the Master Himself bids you speak?  I must tell the world what I have seen for there is still hope.”  
Garren shook his head, “how could the world have changed so overnight?”  
Astoria looked at him sadly, “the world is no longer the way the Master intended it and we must all live with the consequences.  Men will no longer live peaceably as they once did.  Society must now determine how to rule itself or civilization and perhaps the whole race will soon come to naught.”  
Garren smiled, though her tidings held no joy, “you also know more about politics than you were ever wont to show.  What has come over you?”  
She shrugged, “I will do what I must.”  
Garren asked, “and what is it you must do?”  
She said, “the Master sends me to all peoples, to speak that which I have spoken to you.  All must hear the hope that remains.”  
Garren looked skeptical, “you hope to reach the world alone?”  
She smiled, “if I must, but I hope to find help along the way.  There are two of us abroad at the moment and it is but the first day.”  
Garren went to one knee before her; her family and the townsfolk gasped in amazement.  He said, “let it be three, if you will have me?”  
She took his hands, raised him to his feet, and embraced her friend, “so shall it be.”  
Her mother looked skeptical, “yesterday I hardly knew what danger meant but now it is a firm concept in my mind.  Will this not be dangerous?”  
Astoria nodded, “last night I was spared from death.  My life is no longer my own nor would I have it so.  I will do as I must.”  The woman hid her face in her hands and wept bitterly, for fear of losing her daughter so soon after losing her husband.  Astoria placed a gentle hand on her mother’s shoulder, “weep not, for live or die I am in the Master’s keeping.”  
The woman looked upon her daughter, though grief still lingered in her eyes, hope and a grudging peace now dwelt therein.  She smiled weakly and said, “I am proud of you child and I pray you shake the very foundations of the world but in a very different way than your father.  Forgive my selfishness.”  The girl smiled and embraced her mother.  
The townsfolk made their way back to the empty city and their waiting homes.  Others who had been hiding in the woods saw their fellows return and did the same.  They prepared the evening meal and Astoria shared all she knew of the new order of the world.  She brought hope to them all and peace to many minds.  “Will you not stay and lead us?” asked one aged woman.  
She smiled sadly and said, “my duty lies elsewhere but my mother shall lead you, if you are willing?”  The suggestion seemed sound to the townsfolk and all nodded in support of the idea.  Her mother humbly assumed the leadership of the city.  Before she left the following morning, Astoria said, “men are no longer completely trustworthy as they once were.  Put such defenses in place as will discourage those who would take advantage of you.”  
Her mother looked confused, “defenses?”  
Astoria smiled grimly, “you will have to make them up as you go along.  Never have we even considered the need for such things.  May the Master guide you.”  Kahlyr trotted out of the surrounding woods and she put on his tack and loaded her saddlebags.  She then turned to Garren, “go south and speak to all that will hear you.  Thank you my friend!”  They shared a friendly hug and each rode off on their respective journeys.  Kahlyr seemed very pleased with himself for some reason.

Astoria rode all day until she came to a small village south and east of her home.  She rode into the midst of the village but no living thing was to be seen, save a tethered cow and half a dozen geese milling about on the green.  She dismounted and left Kahlyr to his own devices.  She approached the nearest house and rapped upon the door, a frightened voice said, “be gone.  The end of the world has come.  Let us die in peace.”  
Astoria frowned, “the end of the world?”  She then thought on recent events and wondered how she might react to such tidings had she not had the Master’s assurance and peace.  She said with great confidence, “fear not, it is not the end of all things.  Gather your folk and I shall tell you many great and terrible things.”  
There was some slight discussion from within and then the door opened and a man, his wife, and four children peeped out.  The man said, “we shall do as you ask, if only to hear these strange tidings.”  The family quickly dispersed to gather the other villagers and they assembled upon the green.  They looked upon the young woman with great curiosity.  She did not seem afraid, though the world was suddenly changed without explanation, perhaps she knew the right of matters.  
She began, “you all probably wonder what has happened to the world?  Know that men have chosen evil and the world has been rent asunder.  The world shall never be as it once was but hope remains.  The Master is there for all who seek Him, but not all men will do so and many will seek only their own ends.  You can no longer trust all men as once you did.  Such things as death, disease, and violence now inhabit the world but hope, joy, and peace are still to be found by those who seek the Master.  You must now choose whom you will serve.”  
She then went on to tell her story and all she had seen.  The people listened intently but were confused as to why they all must suffer the consequences when only one man had been at fault and why the Master had seemingly abandoned them.  Astoria said, “creation and mankind were once perfect and therefore the Master could dwell among us.  But no longer are we innocent or free of blame and so must He withdraw from walking among us.  Our whole race has fallen and we must individually exercise our freedom of choice to remain in fellowship with the Master or not.  One man and his closest advisors chose poorly, but we and all creation bear the consequences.  It may not seem fair or just, but the Master is both and wise beyond our knowing.  He would be justified in destroying our whole race and starting anew but such is His love that He has spared us that fate and died in our stead.  By His blood this evil can be overcome and we can again find fellowship with Him.”  The villagers were not thrilled with the new order of things but it seemed they had no choice.  The light faded and the chill of night began to creep through the village.  They welcomed the girl into their homes and listened long into the night.  The world was changed but there was still hope.  She left them in the morning in far better spirits than she had found them.
She continued east and south, traveling from village to village and speaking to travelers met upon the road.  In many places, people were so moved by the words of Astoria and those like her that they chose to join her in spreading hope across the whole face of the earth.  While many accepted their words with great joy, others began to see opportunity in the new way the world worked.  Some gave great thought as to how to take advantage of their fellow men and thus banditry, war, murder, and other evils arose.  Man had long known the crafting of weapons such as spears, axes, knives, and arrows, which were used for hunting and other common tasks.  But for the first time the sword came into being: a weapon meant for nothing but inflicting hurt upon one’s fellow men.
Men had once had complete trust in one another but now all were wary of strangers, for now the strong often preyed upon the weak.  Those that feared the Master kept to His laws, but those that abandoned Him faced no consequences this side of death.  Thus the need for laws and strong central government became apparent; the first countries and city states began to emerge where once scattered farms and villages had been the rule.  These cities and nations began to learn that violence could occur between themselves as well as between individual men.  Thus diplomacy and the art of war were born.  Castles and walls were built in anticipation of future defense.  The world had truly changed from the paradise it once had been.  
Word quickly spread from village to village and the number of those carrying the message quickly grew.  Astoria soon found herself one among a small army of messengers carrying the Master’s hope to all His scattered people.  At first all were receptive to their message but as time passed, many slipped into selfish thoughts and sometimes violent pursuits.  The world grew very dangerous and people were forced to seek protection from various lords, who often oppressed their people in return for protection.  These lords then sought alliances among themselves for protection from yet other lords, thus kings and kingdoms were born.
With the rise of government and more complex forms of society, a need was found for a Common Law.  As men multiplied and drew further from memories of the Master and how things once had been, a need for a common Truth was also apparent.  The simple proclamation that the Master was there for all who sought Him was no longer enough.  People had once lived in the very presence of the Master Himself and His truth was written within their very souls.  But with the fall of man and the withdrawal of the Master from human habitations such things were soon forgotten.  A written record was needed of all the legends, laws, and wisdom the Master had passed on to men.  It was also vital that all those claiming to follow Astoria and proclaim the Truth had a common Truth to pass on.  It would not do for those claiming to speak the Truth to speak in error.

So it was that almost a year after the terrible happenings that shook the world, Astoria and many of her followers assembled upon that same forsaken hill.  She stood before the gathered throng, surprised at the number that chose to answer the Master’s call.  The Master certainly was faithful to His promises, for within a year word had reached every village and scattered farm in the wide world through their efforts.  She smiled proudly upon the valiant individuals who had risked so much to spread the Truth that all might hear it.  The world had changed much in the last year and greater changes were yet to come.  They must adapt to better serve the Master’s will in a swiftly changing world.  Many were much older than she, but all looked upon her with the greatest respect and much anticipation.
She faced them and said, “you have all risked much and traveled far to answer the calling you have felt upon your lives.  If you wish to dedicate your lives to this service, I call you this day to make your allegiance known.  If you have other hopes or desires that you wish to seek after, I thank you for your aid and ask only that you continue seeking the Master in the course of whatever life you choose.”  No one moved.  It seemed anyone willing to make the journey to this gathering was serious about continuing in their quest though the cost might eventually be their lives.
She continued, “the time has come for us to organize that we may better serve the will of the Master and the needs of the world.  Things are changing quickly and we must be ready to face such challenges and be of service to our fellow men.  I ask that each of you dedicated to this cause today swear yourself in service to the Master and by doing so gain much in skill and wisdom that you may better serve others.  We must also begin recording the wisdom and laws passed from the Master to men.  The Common Law can serve as the basis upon which the emerging nations base their own laws and the foundation upon which the behavior of all men towards their fellows is judged.  The Truth will serve as our common reference as we spread the Master’s words to His people.  You must be fluent in both before you are loosed upon the world.  But first, we must write them down.  You will be needed in the coming days to advise kings, generals, and nations in justly ruling their people and interacting honorably with their fellow leaders.  You will also protect the weak from the strong and see that justice is done.  And to all people we will continue to speak the Truth.  Any who wish to withdraw from our company may do so now.”  Again, everyone remained where they stood.  “Very well,” said she, “if you wish to join me in serving the Master with all your heart and soul, I ask that you listen carefully to what I shall say.”
She continued, “by taking this Oath you are swearing yourselves to the service of the Master heart and soul, perhaps with the forfeit of your lives.  By doing so you will also gain certain skills and abilities not granted to other men.  Your lives will no longer be your own but you will have constant purpose and meaning.  You can forsake the Oath at any time or the Oath can be violated by inappropriate behavior.  This is not something to be taken lightly or to be entered into without deep thought.  You may yet withdraw.”  No one moved.  She smiled at them proudly and said, “then let the Oath-taking begin.
You have come today to swear an Oath before all here assembled.  To serve none but the Master, His laws and truth, and those appointed by Him to oversee said Truth.  You swear to forsake all personal possessions, dreams, and aspirations.  You swear to dedicate your lives to His service alone; to uphold justice, peace, and love for others.  You swear to lay down your life, if need be, in defense of the helpless and the Truth.  You swear to abide by the Common Law, the Truth, and the laws of the Brethren.  You swear not to enter into marriage with any save one who has also sworn this Oath.  You do not swear to be perfect, but to try your best and overcome your weaknesses.  You may forsake this Oath at any time of your own choosing or you will be forsaken by the Brethren and the Master if you grievously and intentionally violate the tenets you have sworn herein and upon such occasion you shall lose all rights, responsibilities, and privileges acquired by the taking of this Oath.”
She then said, “if you wish to continue step across the narrowest part of the crevice and so swear.  Then take a drop of this precious fluid on your tongue and you will be sworn to us.”  
One by one, they stepped across the narrowest part of the great rent in the earth, and as they did so each said, “I so swear.”  They then took a small drop of the precious blood, recently collected from Kahlyr’s great neck vein, upon their tongue.  As each did so they felt the same changes come over themselves as Astoria had encountered upon doing the same before the Master.  The newly sworn Brethren found themselves able to tell one another by sight, as well as to know when someone was lying, they found their learning abilities greatly enhanced, and had gained a certain resistance to evil.  The Master also intended each to one day have the companionship of a unicorn but in the Beginning such things would take time.  
Astoria again stood before her newly sworn comrades and said, “welcome to the Brethren, my friends.  May this be the beginning of many years of faithful service to the Master and our fellow men.  Now let us begin the work that is set before us.”

The first order of business was to determine who had what skills and to put those skills to use.  Those skilled at writing were set to work recording the Law and the Truth, while those skilled in poetry, song, or story set about putting the Truth into such forms that it might be more easily passed on to others.  Those knowledgeable in the Law and Truth began to teach those who lacked such wisdom.  Others began to discuss how to organize the Brethren and how best so few could be used to reach the world.  For the moment, Astoria’s hometown served to house the Brethren until more permanent headquarters could be prepared.  
Astoria’s mother was pleased to have her daughter and Garren home and honored to house their friends, though she did not quite understand their fervent dedication to their cause.  After the evening meal that night, she drew her daughter and Garren aside.  She said quietly, “there is something I think the two of you must see.  I do not understand it, but perhaps your young minds know more than mine ever will.”  They followed her from the great house and across the yard into the stable.  In a box stall far to the back stood an ancient mare well beyond the years when she should be able to bear a foal, but at her feet slept just that.  Besides the fact that such an aged creature had brought forth new life was the strangeness of the filly herself.  The little creature was a month old but already was the size of a foal thrice her age.  She also bore cloven hooves and a small spike protruded from her forehead.  Astoria laughed for joy when she saw the cause of her mother’s concern.
The woman wondered at the girl’s amusement and said, “what do you make of this whole puzzling situation?  This is not the only such occurrence, there are at least five more such creatures that I am aware of and all were born to similarly aged mothers.  They are no doubt descended from the same lineage though no one has a stallion that could possibly throw such strange offspring.  Have you encountered anything like it in your travels?”  
Astoria laughed aloud, “this is a miracle indeed.  I certainly know who the father is.  The Master’s promise has come to fruition.”  
Her mother looked at her as if she had gone mad, “I understand none of this.  The creatures will let no man touch them.  They seem to know what your intentions are and go wild if you try to tie them or handle them.  They are quite content to follow their dams and tame enough if you leave them alone, but I know not what we shall do with them.  If they are this intractable now, what will they be like in a few years?  I do not understand how the creatures grow so quickly when the mares have no teeth to speak of and can hardly support themselves, let alone provide sustenance for such ravenous youngsters?”  
Astoria said, “let us see if we can get near the little one.”  Her mother looked ready to faint but watched in fascination as the girl opened the stall door and roused the sleeping foal.  The creature glanced at the young woman and then at Garren.  She whickered a welcome to the young man.  Astoria laughed and her mother gaped.  Garren was mortified.
Astoria said, “come Garren, I think she has some claim on you and I do not think she will be gainsaid.”  Garren understood as little as Astoria’s mother but he went into the stall as Astoria departed from it.  Both of the women watched in fascination as the little filly nuzzled and sniffed the towering boy.  
A look of wondrous joy passed across the young man’s face as he came to understand.  He laughed, “she claims me as her own, yet she is also mine.  What is going on?”  
Astoria laughed, “it is as the Master has promised.  One day each of us will have such a mount, though it will take time for the first generation to come of age.  Did you not listen when I told my tale?’  
Garren said sheepishly, “perhaps I was not listening as closely as I thought.  But how did this miracle come about?”  
Astoria smiled knowingly, “it was a year ago that we were last here and Kahlyr was alone that night.  It seems he went courting the most unlikely ladies imaginable.  He was after all, to be the father of the race.”  
Her mother said, “how does your stallion have anything to do with this?  He looks as much a normal horse as any I ever saw.”  
Astoria laughed once more, “appearances are deceiving, do you not remember my tale?”  
Her mother smiled ruefully, “I thought perhaps that the day had overwhelmed your sensibilities, at least in the case of this supposed unicorn.”  Astoria took the woman’s hands and led her out into the night.  She summoned Kahlyr to her and the great stallion came trotting up.
She caressed the arching neck and said, “well my friend, I see at least you know what you are about.  How many offspring have you fathered in our many journeys?”  He snorted proudly and tossed his head.  Astoria then said, “and will you show yourself to this lady, my mother?”  He nodded and let his disguise fall away.  
Astoria’s mother gasped and laughed all at the same time and said, “it seems you speak truly, but why do these strange creatures bind themselves to you and your friends but will have nothing to do with the rest of us?”  
Astoria shook her head, “they will serve those sworn to the Master with their whole hearts, but no one else can touch them.”  
The woman said, “I shall make it known to all in possession of such creatures these things you have revealed to me.  I still do not understand but I hope that one day I will.  There is another thing I wish to discuss with the two of you.”  She led them to a private bench where they could speak of the delicate matter she wished to discuss.  She said, “as you know, I am not young and have only one child.  By rights, Astoria the rule of this city should fall to you; before that happens I would be heartened to know that a fine man would be there to rule beside you.  You have been friends since childhood and it would be the joy of many to know that you would one day be more than mere friends.”  Astoria smiled sadly at her mother as Garren studied his feet.
“Mother,” said the girl gently, “I already have a people to lead and cannot forsake the vow I swore to the Master Himself.  Garren shall serve me faithfully but not as you hope.  He is as a brother to me but cannot be more.  I shall take no husband nor can I rule a city or a country.  I shall lead the Brethren and that is honor enough.  You must seek elsewhere for an heir.”  
Her mother looked scandalized, “but it is your right and your duty!  You must!”  
Astoria shook her head, “it cannot be.  I forsook all such things in choosing to serve the Master as I do.  Look among the townsfolk and you shall find a suitable heir.”  
The woman looked to Garren, “you are her friend and yet you let her speak thus?”  
Garren looked grim, “I am her friend but I am also her servant and will do as I am bidden.  She knows very well her duty and will not stray from her course.”  
The woman shook her head, “you never cease to puzzle me.  I pray one day to know what on earth is behind this madness that seems to have taken you both.  I also pray that one day I will have my daughter back.  You are very nearly a stranger to me.”  
Astoria looked at her mother and said sadly, “things cannot be as they were.  I am not who I was though I continue to love you dearly, I was given a task and I must see it through.  I hope one day you understand but I love you nonetheless.”


Chapter 3

The days passed swiftly as the Brethren worked feverishly to lay the foundations of who and what they were.  Those skillful in one area taught others and learned in areas that they themselves were lacking.  The newly written Truth and Common Law were hungrily anticipated by the newly sworn Brethren, and almost before the ink had dried upon the paper they gathered eagerly to hear it read aloud.  All listened in rapt attention and with great joy, finally hearing that for which they had been secretly yearning.  Then the process of making copies of the original manuscripts and committing much of both to memory began.  The organizational structure of the Brethren also began to take shape.  Astoria realized that everyone had varying interests and skills and thus not everyone's role could be the same.  Within the stated mission of the Brethren there was room for flexibility and specialization, though everyone was expected to have a minimum competence in all areas ere they would be allowed to go about and teach others.  Special divisions were made within the Brethren where those so called could specialize in teaching others through stories, music, and lore, another for those who would study and interpret the Law and Truth and thus serve as advisors to Kings and Rulers, and finally a group dedicated to defending others in an often dangerous world.  
There was some debate over this last function of the Brethren.  Did not the Master call them to be agents of peace and justice, not perpetrators of violence?  But then He had also directed them to defend the innocent and protect the weak, which would be difficult if one was not able even to defend oneself.  They must not use violence save at the last end of need, but in these new and uncertain days there were certain situations that could not be resolved otherwise, no matter how much the Brethren wished for peace.
In those first years after the loss of man’s innocence, the art of war quickly began to take shape.  Men developed methods of fighting and defense, both for the individual and for an entire nation.  The sword quickly became the preferred weapon for dealing with one’s enemies (or victims) and it evolved rapidly from a rough prototype to a dignified weapon, as those who could improve upon the concept soon became rich men.  Men who were skilled with the blade developed their own methods and techniques for handling the thing and quickly drew a following of eager students.  It was brought painfully home to the Brethren that they would also have to master this art if they were to survive in a now violent world, especially when there were those who opposed their message and would happily silence the speaker by such a means.  But the Master provided for this inevitability as He had thus far provided for all other things.  There were those skilled in either the making of the weapons or in their use that heard the tale of the Brethren and were eager to join their ranks.  No one was allowed to travel abroad until they were competent not only in the Law and the Truth, but also in the use of a sword, as their life and the lives of those they served would often depend upon it.  
The newly sworn Brethren quickly learned that which they must to go out into the world and spread their message, seek justice, defend others, and advise the various rulers.  Astoria sent her servants to every corner of the earth to serve the scattered and often confused people.  She sent advisors to each fledgling nation, city-state, and major city or lord.  Others traveled about speaking the Truth.  Still others pursued criminals and did what they could to promote peace in an often lawless world.  Thus were the Teaching, Philosopher, and Warrior sects established, but Astoria found herself sometimes in need of individuals who could take on more dangerous, complicated, or delicate assignments.  She needed people who were masters of lore, Law, Truth, and the sword, rather than specialized in just one area.  So it was that the Messenger sect was born.  The Messengers were established to take on those missions that proved too difficult, dangerous, or complicated for the other sects.  The Messengers were among the most highly skilled and competent of the newly sworn Brethren, and it was into this sect that Garren happily entered.  They might have differing skills but they all had a common purpose.  Astoria was the leader of the Brethren but she also took advice from the most skilled amongst the three main sects and from each of the Messengers.  They acted as an advisory council but the final decisions were hers alone.
As the Brethren went abroad and spread their message and influence, an influx of interested individuals soon found their way to the small city still ruled by Astoria’s mother.  It was obvious that the Brethren could not long remain where they were without becoming a burden and a nuisance to their hosts.  They must find a place of their own before very long, and they were drawn once again to that forsaken hill.  It was here that they chose to establish their own city that could support and house their ever-growing numbers without encumbering other folk.  The world was growing ever more dangerous, and various of the emerging nations seemed intent on ruthlessly exploiting their people in exchange for protection.  The rumor of an emerging country ruled in accordance with the Master’s laws drew many eager pilgrims seeking freedom and a better life.  The woods were driven back, ground was tilled and planted, the first houses and shops were built, and soon a little city and farming community were established.  Astoria’s mother was both relieved and saddened when her daughter and her strange followers left, but they were not so far away as to make visiting impossible.  The Brethren were soon firmly established in their new home and people continued to make their way to Astoria, either to join the Brethren or in hopes of a better life in the quickening country.
Kahlyr had been busy during that first year after the loss of man’s innocence, for the strange foals were found in all localities where Astoria had stopped even briefly.  The little creatures were always born to aged mares and grew at thrice the rate of a normal horse.  Thus it was that at a year of age they were big enough and strong enough to carry a man.  Rumor soon spread of the source of the strange creatures and many were sent to the Brethren with those intent on joining them.  Others hoped to tame the creatures, but in each instance they were able to escape and make their way to the Brethren.  It was in this way that each of the Brethren eventually found themselves in possession of (or possessed by) such a creature.  After this first miraculous generation matured and retired from service, the species propagated itself in a much more natural fashion and the resulting offspring grew at a much more normal rate, but in those first few years each of the Brethren found themselves horsed in a rather miraculous manner.

As the Brethren were becoming established and learning who and what they were, the Enemy was not idle in the world.  He had suffered an agonizing defeat with the Master’s treachery but he was not yet beyond causing problems.  If the Master could have such a force in the world, so could his greatest nemesis.  The hearts of men had also changed and were much more malleable to the suggestion of evil.  After that fateful night on the hilltop, the survivors of the encounter fled from the city where they had thought to hide and sought out whatever refuge they could find in those tumultuous times.  
Malion had been running for weeks now, not sure from what he was fleeing.  He had seen and done the unimaginable and now had nowhere else to go, thus he ran to keep from standing still.  Ever moving but never finding a destination.  He finally collapsed in a heap alongside a stream as the day failed.  Exhaustion demanded sleep, but he felt he must surely die of thirst if he did not first drink from the stream.  Hunger had long since become a companion and he hardly even noticed its clawing pangs.  He almost yearned for death to end his misery but something about that particular end terrified him more than he could say.  He leaned over the stream to quench his thirst and stared in horror into its murky depths.  On either side of the shadowy water before him he could see clear water flowing over a bed of colorful stones but beneath him was a shadow that took in all light and hope and gave back only despair.
Suddenly there were two fiery spots like eyes in the shapeless mass of darkness and utter terror seized him.  Then the darkness spoke, though no voice could be heard nor mouth seen to move; the voice, if it could be called that, did the last thing Malion imagined: it laughed.  It was not a joyful sound and there was no humor or pleasure in it, for it was cold as death and carried an abhorrence of all that lived and hoped.  After an eternity of the evil mirth, the darkness said, “where are you running you pathetic fool?  Your wretched race has defiled the world and you now have nowhere to flee.  Especially you, who witnessed and were complicit in this catastrophic event.  You cannot believe the Master will be merciful to such as you, even if he does live again.”  
Malion heard in the words of the shadow the utter despair that for so long had raged in his heart and mind.  He also stared at the wraith in stunned disbelief and croaked, “the Master lives?  How can that be!  I saw him die!”  
The darkness laughed, “idiot!  Think you that mortals or even death can hold back him before whom even I must cower?  But the day will come when I will be strong enough to utterly destroy him and bring all he has made to naught.  On that day, it would be wise for you to be found in my keeping.  The Master has cast you and all your wretched race aside.  I offer to take his place if you shall serve me with all your being.”
The man was stunned, “serve you?  It was you that helped institute this utter disaster and now you want me to help you promulgate further chaos?”  
The darkness sneered, “it was your kind that wrought this evil, I merely suggested.  Fool!  You must turn to someone in this, your desperate hour, and if the Master has forsaken you, you have nowhere else to go.  Join me and I may spare your pathetic life.”  The man felt the lie in the shadow’s words but also felt some vulgar stirring of a desperate need for power and security in his own heart.  He did not wish to face the Master again and this monster seemed his only alternative.  
He asked, “what does it mean to ‘join’ you?  What benefit is it to either of us?”  
The thing seemed to smile, though it had no facial features with which to accomplish this phenomenon.  It said, “even as I speak, the Master is sending that wretched girl across the whole face of the world with a farcical story of his sacrifice on man’s behalf.  If he has his way, soon the whole world will be infested with such a tale and such people.  I need intelligent people to act on my behalf in halting or distorting these rumors.  Mankind has outgrown superstition and looks to its own future without this so-called Master.  The halfwits who serve the Master will be met by my own servants who will fight for the future of mankind, a future without enslavement to such a wretched creature as this Master.  I offer you terrible power beyond mortal dreaming and I guarantee that you will not have to endure the Master ever after.  I get your soul and servants to remake the world as I would have it.”
The man stared in disbelief, “you want my soul?”  
The thing laughed, “after what you have done you know that facing the Master again shall be a horrific experience.  I can protect you from him.  You need not worry about things after death.  I know how this torments your mind.  Give yourself to me and you will do well.”  
The man did not quite trust the monstrosity in the water but he yearned for the power of which the creature spoke.  The thing might not be trustworthy but perhaps it was a better fate than dying alone and facing the Master in his wrath.  “Let it be as you have spoken,” said Malion at last.  The bitter pact was made and thus began the Brotherhood of the Serpent, the nameless enemy that would oppose the Brethren until the very end of time.  As the Brethren multiplied and spread their influence, so did the Brotherhood, save in anonymity and secret.  The unicorns aided the spread of the Brethren’s message and in response, the Brotherhood mastered through witchery the vile Lurkers of the North to serve as their cruel and witless steeds.

Garren rode along a narrow path in the second spring after the Beginning, as it was called when the world fell into darkness.  Tyria, his unicorn mare, was his dearest companion though she had only been big enough to bear him for a few weeks now.  About half the Brethren were now mounted on such amazing creatures and the rest patiently awaited their own mounts to reach maturity before they could follow suit.  The Brethren were growing rapidly and their message was reaching the ends of the earth, for the Master knew such counsel was needed during these tumultuous times.  Civilization was still very much in its birth pangs and no one knew yet what form it would finally take when all was finished.  At the moment, it seemed every capable Brother was out advising kings, chasing bandits, speaking the Truth, or trying to stop or prevent wars.  The world was in chaos and only the Brethren kept chaos from descending into utter disaster.  
He was riding home after another adventure in the service of the Lady.  He smiled to himself, thinking how strange it was to once have known her simply as Astoria and that once he thought to marry her.  He still held her in high regard but not as a man loves a woman but rather as a man to his beloved leader.  Such was the devotion of all the Brethren to their appointed leader.  Her name was not spoken out of formality, but they aspired to name their ever-growing city after her so that it might be remembered in centuries to come.  She was aghast at such a suggestion but such was the fervency and joy of her followers that she could do nothing to gainsay them in the matter.  Garren was suddenly drawn from his musings as Tyria stopped in her tracks and snorted in fear and confusion.
What could scare a unicorn?  Standing on the path not twenty feet in front of them was the strangest and most tragic thing that Garren had ever seen.  It looked to be a unicorn but he stood half again as tall at the shoulder as Tyria while malice raged in his eyes.  His coat looked like soiled snow and he emanated malevolence like a stove radiates heat.  He lowered his horn menacingly and roared like an enraged bull.  Cowed, Tyria began to back away from the foul creature; he lunged forward as if to attack.  The mare reared and fled from the creature, he gave chase, but he could not catch her.  He screamed his frustration and the mare whinnied in terror.  They had much to tell the Lady but Garren knew not what it meant.  They galloped all the way to Astoria, hoping someone might have an answer to the enigma met upon the road.
The Lady saw them immediately, anxious to learn what could rattle such a steadfast man and a creature as unflappable as a unicorn.  She was as puzzled by Garren’s description as the man himself.  Tyria was of little help in the matter; she was too flustered to concentrate enough to send any coherent meaning to her rider.  All they could understand was that they had witnessed something almost unthinkable.  What effect the fall of man had had on his fellow sapient creatures was still to be seen.  It was obvious that mankind and all the rest of creation had suffered drastic changes in the ensuing years but what of the other thinking races?
Dragons had little to do with men in previous days and even less since their fall from glory, but it was rumored even the dragons had not been spared from the events that shook the world.  In former days all dragons had been blue, now some were saying that there was no longer any such thing as a blue dragon and that they were either green, red, or black depending on how they chose to live their lives after recent events.  The black dragons were said to take delight in evil, which was enough to chill anyone’s blood.  If men and dragons could fall into evil, why could the same not happen to unicorns?
Of course, the thought was more terrible than even the thought of a black dragon.  The unicorn was the mortal image of the eternal Master and the most noble, faithful, and wise of thinking creatures.  That such a creature could choose to pursue a life without the Master was almost impossible to imagine but such a creature had certainly been seen.  No wonder Tyria was upset!  This Black Unicorn as it were, was almost the antithesis of what it was to be a unicorn.  Only time would reveal what strange abilities attended this dark metamorphosis.  Neither the Lady nor Garren looked forward to discovering what strange powers the creature might possess.  The other unicorns were very unhappy with this revelation and anticipated meeting their fallen kin as little as the Brethren. 
The creature itself was still learning what it was to be an abomination.  He was rather pleased with his encounter with his cousin upon the road.  He had no idea his mere presence could inspire such terror in so steadfast a creature as a unicorn.  He was born to an aged mother, a mere horse, as had all this current generation of unicorns.  The foolish beast knew nothing and was incapable of thought, but he and all his kind were wiser perhaps even than men.  He knew that the purpose of his race, the very reason they had been brought into being, was to aid these so-called Brethren as they worked to fulfill the Master’s will.  The rest of his kind took this task to heart and served willingly their human companions, even at the cost of their own lives.
Wraith (as the creature had come to think of himself) had felt the yearning deep inside to be about the Master’s business and put his life to such noble use, but there was an even stronger desire within his dark heart to resist and see what might happen if he refused his calling.  At first, resisting was like trying to swim upstream against a mighty current but the longer he resisted the easier it became until finally he had broken free of the yoke that restrained all his fellows.  He found himself a completely different creature.  He was large, much larger than any of his more pious kin.  He was also strong, stronger even than a dragon perhaps.  But he had lost the miraculous speed for which his kin were renowned and had thus been unable to give chase when the mare had fled.  He also found himself hating mankind and their apparent abuse and enslavement of his own people.  Arrogance and malice festered in his heart where faithfulness and love should have abounded.
Unicorns had the ability to heal others by taking the wound upon themselves, but he knew he no longer possessed that skill but in its place he felt sure that he could heal himself by passing his wounds along to those with whom he shared either a physical or mental bond.  His natural glory had been lost and he was terrible to look upon, not only because of his ugliness but because one could still see a shadow of what he was meant to be, making the tragedy all the worse; he was become a mockery of all that made a unicorn glorious.  Unicorns also possessed the ability to convey meaning via thought both to their own kind and to the men they served.  He felt this ability also mutated into something truly terrible; he knew he could now mentally dominate any creature not firmly bound to the will of something stronger than himself, this being either the Master or the Nameless One.  With a cold amusement he set off to see just how powerful and terrible he had truly become.  
He would one day rule or destroy humanity but first he must pit himself against the most powerful creatures that currently walked the earth.  He went to find a dragon.  As the Brethren had heard in vaguest rumor, the dragons had not escaped the ruin of creation unscathed.  Where once all had been a deep blue, their scales had changed to resemble the state of their souls.  Those of a more peaceful and genial nature found themselves turning green, though this still did not guarantee their friendliness towards men or other creatures, it simply meant they were more amiable than others of their race.  Those whose hearts lusted after power and selfishness became black and the most feared of all mortal creatures.  The red dragons tended to be short-tempered, irrational, and often angry.  Offspring of this first generation had scales of a color with their parents and while this often indicated their nature, it was not always a guarantee of such.
Dragons had always been solitary creatures, even in the days of perfection, but after the loss of innocence they became even more isolated.  Men and dragons interacted little in those days, for the world was large and there was room enough for all, but as men increased in number this brought them more often into conflict with the dragons and occasional incidents arose.  But during these early years there was relative peace between men and dragons and both were content to live in relative ignorance of one another.  The dragons heard rumors of the advent of unicorns and eventually time and experience bred a mutual respect between the races, save perhaps with the Black Dragons.  But in those early days, most dragons had yet to encounter such a creature.  Thus it was that Wraith stood outside a great cavern where a large black dragon was known to lair.  
The air was thick with the stench of the monster and many bones lay strewn about the entrance to the creature’s lair like so much macabre landscaping.  Wraith roared a challenge to the beast and a thunderous grumbling resounded from within the cavern.  Black dragons were not happy creatures at the best of times and were especially in a foul mood after being woken unexpectedly and very rudely from a nap, especially a much needed nap after consuming a rather large meal of a sour stomached moose.  The only creature more frightening than a black dragon was a cranky black dragon with a bellyache.  The monster stuck his head out of the cave and wrath burned deep in his eyes.  He had heard rumors of unicorns but had never seen or heard of anything quite like his visitor.
For a moment his wrath was dimmed by curiosity and he gazed upon the apparition with wonder and even a little apprehension.  He knew evil when he saw it and here was evil to cause even his vile heart to pause in wonder.  The rest of his great bulk lumbered from the cavern, and though he towered over the dark unicorn, something made him hesitate rather than try destroying the beast outright.  Wraith snorted in what could only be the equine variant of a derisive laugh.  Here was a monster out of legend and even he was afraid!  The dragon could not stand to be mocked and his rage overwhelmed both his curiosity and his caution.  His jaws opened wide and smoke eddied out of his nose.  An evil grin played across his face and something like mirth danced in his eyes.  Dragonfire utterly destroys all flesh it touches save that of another dragon, though the offended creature is still cruelly burned by the encounter.  
Wraith stood there unmoved by an imminent death that would have caused even the staunchest heart to quail in terror.  But then, had the dragon truly known what it was he was facing, his own heart might have stopped with fright.  Eager for vengeance, the dragon spewed forth a terrible stream of flame only to suddenly cease the onslaught and roar in agony.  His own scales felt as if they had endured the inferno.  The vile unicorn simply stood there with something like a smirk on his face and seemed completely unscathed by the encounter.  In an agony of humiliation and pain, the monster tried to slash at his nemesis with his great forearm, only to have the rents appear in his own hide rather than tearing the unicorn to shreds.  Confused and hurting, the monster withdrew into his cave and was long in recovering his pride and health.  Ever after was it whispered among the dragons of the terrors of the Black Unicorn.
Content in his abilities, Wraith turned from the cave and journied into the lands of men.  He was pleased with his powers and looked forward to further exploring his strength.  The dragon’s personality was such that he could not overcome the beast and control his thoughts, but he could use the bond to pass along any injury the creature thought to inflict upon the unicorn.  It was quite a useful skill.  He could not wait to see what he could do to mortal men.  Perhaps he could not mentally conquer a dragon but a man might be another case entirely.  He increased his pace and soon reached more civilized territory.  
Night was falling and the first human habitation he came upon was a little farm on the outskirts of a prosperous village.  He found the farmer in the yard finishing a few minor tasks in the failing light.  The man looked in horror upon the monster and then knew nothing more but what Wraith put into his mind.  He could easily destroy the pathetic creature, but he found it far more amusing and certainly useful to hold the wretch against his will.  The terror he felt from the woman and small children watching from the windows of the house also gave the vile unicorn great pleasure.  The helpless man did as the creature bade him and went to the barn and retrieved the carthorse, mounted the beast, and disappeared into the night with his new master, leaving his terrified wife and children behind without a second thought or glance.  
Wraith had also discovered that he could not communicate directly with other thinking creatures thus he would need a spokesman, so he drafted the unfortunate farmer.  They walked into the village, which was silent in the deepening night.  If this pathetic man was going to speak for the mighty Wraith, he must look much more intimidating than was currently his habit.  The creature found a shop that seemed to specialize in human apparel and he easily broke down the heavily barred door.  The angry shopkeeper heard the noise and charged into his shop to face the intruders, only to find himself also in the sway of the monster.  Unable to resist, the man did as he was bidden and found his most menacing garb in which to outfit the farmer.
Now cloaked utterly in black, the farmer looked far more terrible and was a much more appropriate mouthpiece for his sinister master.  Wraith decided to bring the tailor along as well, there was no point leaving behind a perfectly good slave.  The man was soon dressed in black, stole a horse, and rode off with his new master.  This continued for several days, the dark unicorn collected various individuals as he came upon them and felt the need or whim.  He had assembled a dozen such slaves when they came upon a gang of bandits blocking the road.  The leader of the band looked upon the sinister party with a mix of dread and anticipation.  There was something in his dark heart that longed for the power he felt about the strange creature and its attendant minions.
The cloaked farmer rode forward and addressed the gathered rogues, “why do you block our path you pathetic wretch?  Know you not that my master can utterly destroy you?  Move aside or you shall feel his wrath.”  
The bandit laughed, “and who are you to threaten me?  Let us see if your precious master can survive a volley of arrows!”  He motioned for his men to fire upon the monster but nothing happened; the rest of the bandits stood there as if dazed and even when their leader threatened to run the nearest man through with his sword, he did not even blink.  
He scowled at the farmer, “and what have you done to my men?”  
The farmer laughed coldly, “such is the fate of all who hinder us.  Your mind could be as easily overthrown but my master wants you to know the fate that has befallen you.”  With this, the other bandits did draw their bows and fired upon their own leader.  They then drew respectfully aside and allowed the vile unicorn and his henchmen to pass.  The creature released his grip on their minds and they glanced around in utter confusion and wondered what had come to pass.  They looked upon their slain leader in horror and scattered into the darkened woods, never to terrorize that part of the world again.  The dark unicorn laughed to himself and continued his press towards the place where the Brethren were rumored to hide.
Morning was quickening when the vile creature emerged from the woods about Astoria with his darkly clad minions in tow.  He roared a challenge to all and sundry and pressed hard towards the unfinished city.  The commonfolk were busy in the fields and looked up as the terrible noise rang through the valley.  They took one look at the monster and fled from his presence.  The creature triumphantly made his approach to the city, which was little more than a village with a half finished wall of stone ringing it about.  It seemed no one would hinder him in his conquest.  Once he had destroyed the Brethren, his kin would be free to live their lives as they chose.  What he did not understand was that they were living their lives as they wished.  It was the purpose and the glory of a unicorn that he live in faithful service to the Master and His servants.  Wraith suddenly stopped his approach and faced the only man fool enough to challenge him.  It was the same pathetic man he had encountered upon the road not long ago.  It seemed his mare had found her courage.  She screamed a challenge and the man charged with sword bared.  The dark creature laughed and the farmer rode ahead to taunt the man.
Garren pulled up his charge and looked on the farmer in utter dread, not knowing what dark spell hung about the man.  The farmer said, “fool!  Your beast cannot harm my master without becoming as he.  Do you not know that it is proscribed for a unicorn to use violence upon another unicorn?”  
Tyria screamed her frustration and Garren said, “she will not inflict hurt upon your vile master but she is not afraid to carry me into battle.  Stand aside and let this be settled.”  
The farmer laughed but stepped aside as he said, “you go to your death but my master shall relish every moment.”  The rest of the minions drew back from Wraith as he and the mare circled one another.  Garren stared the monster in the eye and the creature screamed a challenge.  It frustrated the Black Unicorn that he could not conquer the mind of the pathetic wretch before him, but it would make killing the fool all the more enjoyable.  He would have to kill all the Brethren but then his kin would be free.  The mare screamed in frustration at such a thought and the monster laughed her to scorn.  It was as if a boy on a pony was circling a great horse of war, looking for some weakness and hoping to conquer the brute with nothing but a stick.  The monster laughed again, reared up on his hind legs, thrust his great horn through the chest of the man, and then flung him aside like a man pitching hay from a fork.  Tyria screamed in anguish and ran to the side of her stricken master.  
How he clung to life she did not know, but as long as there was even the barest flicker of life she could spare him.  She knelt beside him and nuzzled him gently.  The blackness had already seized him and he knew nothing as she fell limply to one side and faded away like mist in the sun.  Garren shuddered once, as if doused with cold water and awoke to find his chest whole but his heart felt as if it might burst with grief.  Tyria was nowhere to be seen.  He looked into the loathsome eyes of the great monster that towered over him and knew that he might not be long in following the mare into eternity.  The monster could sense the grief about the man and had watched in stunned horror as the mare had given her life for his.  No slave would give their life for their master and no slave master would be so overcome with grief at such a gift.  With such disconcerting thoughts running through his head, the monster screamed in frustration and disappeared into the woods, leaving the confused Garren and the former minions in a swirl of dust.  Garren stood shakily but took a step back as the creature’s strange entourage dismounted and approached.
The farmer, in a much more natural voice, said, “where am I?”  It seemed whatever vile spell had bound the men to the creature’s will had been broken or abandoned.  
Garren smiled weakly, put a firm arm about the man’s shoulders, and turned him towards the city, as he said, “welcome to Astoria.”
  
The confused Wraith ran into the depths of the forest with many uneasy thoughts buzzing in his mind.  He had meant to free his seemingly oppressed people but they were willing to die for their cause!  The wretched humans even seemed to care deeply for their companions.  He had thought to take joy in the death of the man, but found only horror in having been the cause of the death of one of his kindred.  Evil was not as much fun as he had hoped it would be.  Dread, despair, and grief hung about him like lowering black clouds and would allow nothing like pleasure or joy to again enter his life.  As he lay in a secluded glade mulling over his newfound wretchedness, he felt an evil presence approaching his haven.  He was on his feet in a moment and found the source of his disquiet.  
A man approached him openly and without fear, a greasy and eager smile upon his face.  “My master has been watching you,” said the man.  A cloying sense of wickedness hung about the man like a cloak.  It made even the Black Unicorn want to bathe.  He unconsciously took a step back in fear.  The man’s smile deepened as he saw the abomination back away in terror.  He continued, “my master has high hopes that perhaps we can have a glorious future together.  I must say I am rather disappointed with your performance in Astoria.  You must not let one pathetic act of pity ruin all your potential.”  The creature stared at the man in shock, how could he know?
The man laughed as if sensing the creature’s thoughts, “yes I know of your rebellion against the Master and your purpose for being.  I also know that you are in very great danger of slipping back into the Master’s clutches.  Would you lose all your newfound abilities and freedom for something as pathetic as love?  My master has much he could offer you.  There are others you could serve if you have no wish to serve the Brethren.  Would it not be a delightful blow to the Master and his minions to find a unicorn serving the darkness?”  
This was too much for the creature.  It was one thing for him to rebel against his Maker and his purpose and pursue his own ends.  It was quite another for this evil man to suggest that he enslave himself to the Enemy!  One thing about evil was that it never cooperates with anything unless it is a means to an end.  In the end, evil is only out for its own gain and does not wish to share power with anything.  He would not end a slave of the Enemy.  This was the final straw and the poor creature finally realized what it was he had become.  He screamed in fury and backed away from the man.  His muddy coat faded to a dingy grey and he was once more a normal unicorn, if a wretched and pathetic member of that noble lineage.  The man saw the sudden changes in the beast, and knowing that his life might be forfeit if he continued to taunt the creature, he wisely fled from his presence.  The pathetic and broken unicorn withdrew into the heart of the forest to mourn and seek the Master’s mercy.


Chapter 4

Garren escorted the motley band of farmers and villagers into Astoria.  The Lady was astounded at their tale, what of it there was, for they could remember little after encountering the fell monster.  She was grieved at the loss of Tyria but grateful to yet have Garren in her service.  No one knew what would come of the terrible beast that had fled into the woods.  It would not be long before they heard some rumor of his presence if he persisted in his dreadful schemes.  Most of the villagers returned to their homes but a few stayed on in Astoria to see what it had to offer.  After the comfort of their strange guests had been seen too, the Lady led Garren aside for a quiet conversation.  She said, “this cannot be easy for you but you must not despair.  You will see her again.”  
A tear trickled down his cheek but he smiled weakly, “I will be well Lady.  I do not mourn without hope.  It will just take some time for this aching loneliness to heal.”  
She nodded and said gently, “take what time you need.  When you are ready, I have another task for you.”  He smiled gratefully and bowed himself from her presence.  
By now, word had spread through the natal city of the strange creature and Garren’s encounter with it.  His comrades were polite in not pushing him for information but curiosity and grief shone in their eyes.  They meant well but his heart could not bear their piteous looks so he sought refuge in the pleasant woods some distance from the city.  He sat beside a chattering brook and listened to the birds and watched the sun play fitfully through the emerging leaves.  He felt a presence behind him and turned.  What he saw nearly broke his heart.  There stood the same creature that had nearly been his death and had been the end of his beloved Tyria.  He had thought the monster terrible in his heresy, but the broken and miserable creature that now stood before him smote his heart.  
An evil unicorn was an abomination; a broken unicorn was a tragedy.  The creature whickered pathetically and an aura of despair hung about him like a shroud.  His coat was all a dingy grey and despair and grief had replaced the malice in his eyes.  When he saw Garren’s eyes upon him, he took a step back, as if he might flee.  He held his ground but his head drooped and his jaw worked in a rhythmic chewing motion, as if he were a foal cowed by an older horse.  Slowly Garren stood and gingerly approached the pathetic creature.  He shuddered at the man’s touch but allowed Garren to put his arms around the arching neck.  Garren put his head into the sooty mane and wept.  The man mourned for what he had lost and the unicorn for what he had destroyed.  Finally, the tears ceased and man and unicorn faced each other.
Garren said, “I know you have done terrible things but I also know you are repentant and seeking a new life.  I have lost a dear friend and am quite alone.  Grief should not be endured alone.  If you will have me, I shall forgive your past.”  The creature reared in joy and his coat was no longer tinged in grey; he glowed like the full moon.  Garren stepped back and laughed for joy at the resurgence of the unicorn’s spirit.

They rode back to Astoria, both with lighter hearts.  As they rode along, they came upon a woman riding towards the city with two armed guards.  The little party drew rein as they saw the man approaching from behind.  The guards put themselves between the woman and the stranger.  Garren nearly fell off his mount when he recognized the woman as Nara, the Lady’s mother.  The guards eyed him coldly and the woman did not seem to recognize him.  Then he looked at himself and nearly laughed at what they must think of a man riding bareback in a tunic with a great rent in the bloodied fabric; in his haste and grief he had forgotten to attend to his attire, he must look quite the scoundrel!  He bowed his head politely to the little party and disappeared quickly back the way they had come.  It would be easier to face them and there would be far less explaining to do if he cleaned up first.  Takar, who was again a proper unicorn and also using his proper name, ran towards that once despised city.  The lady’s guards watched the seeming scoundrel flee and resumed their journey.  Garren easily reached the city before their visitors and quickly informed the Lady of who was coming to visit.  She was both overjoyed and mortified but would say no more on the subject.  She hurried Garren off to change into something less ragged.  
Hardly had Garren returned from his ablutions than he was summoned to stand before the Lady.  He made his bows and was not surprised to see Nara and her guards already present.  Nara smiled when she recognized Garren and was happy to see her daughter looking so well.  She still hoped to convince the pair of them to come home but as time marched on, it seemed all chance of that hope was quickly failing.  Nara had heard that her daughter was now to be called ‘Lady’ or some such nonsense but neither could she call her daughter that nor would Astoria let her.  The woman said, “I see you have made some progress in the building of this city of yours though it may be years before we see what it shall truly become.”  
Astoria smiled, “I am sure it will never be anything compared to Narange.”  
Her mother smiled, “I suppose not but I do think it a little presumptuous on your part to name the place as you have.”  
The Lady reddened and said, “I would not have it so but the Brethren will not be gainsaid in the matter.”  
Nara shook her head dismissively but said, “I have not simply come for a social visit though it is good to see you both again.  You received my letter?”  
The Lady nodded, “I was about to send Garren to your aid but it seems you have arrived before I could act.  Have things worsened?”  
Nara nodded grimly, “yes, that is why I am come myself.  I wrote to ask your aid in selecting the next leader of Narange but in the interim a rather villainous fellow, a former advisor to your father, has turned up and is causing all sorts of problems.  He seems to think he should be the next ruler and many of the people seem to agree.  I cannot fathom what has come over them.  He seems a downright villain and has brought a number of men with him who are no better than bandits.  I need help otherwise rule will fall to him by default.”
Astoria nodded grimly, “there seems to be trouble everywhere in these days.  All the world is astir, but I will aid you as I can.  As I said, Garren shall come to your aid if he is ready for another assignment?”  Nara raised an eyebrow at this but Garren bowed his head slightly and the Lady smiled, “very well, you shall leave as soon as my mother is willing.  I would send others but I fear I have no one to send.  Our numbers have grown considerably but such is the need in the world that we are even still spread far too thin.  How long will you stay?”  
Nara smiled grimly, “I was hoping for a small army but I suppose I must be grateful for what I can get in these tumultuous times.  I shall stay the night and we shall leave early on the morrow.”  Nara, Garren, and the Lady dined privately that night and spent much of the evening talking of what had been happening in their lives in recent days.  Nara was astounded by the strange tale of the Black Unicorn, but both were relieved to hear that that danger at least was past.  
Nara said in some surprise, “we met a rather unscrupulous looking young man as we rode into the city, was that perhaps you?”  
Garren smiled sheepishly, it was indeed.  It had been such an eventful day that changing clothes seemed the least of my concerns.”  
Nara laughed in disdain, “one’s appearance should always be in keeping with one’s situation, no matter the circumstances.”  Garren could only stare in disbelief.  They went to bed early and were up before the sun.
They made their farewells and were quickly on the road.  Nara was rather disappointed with her army of one but it was better than nothing, at least she hoped it was better than nothing.  She had taken a great risk in leaving the city during such an upheaval but it must be risked else she would lose the city regardless.  She just wondered if she would have a place to return to.  As they rode, Garren tried to chat with her about any number of things but mostly about circumstances surrounding the villainous intruder.  Nara had little to say to the boy and she certainly doubted he had much of interest to impart to her thus their conversations were short and to the point.  She did tell him that the intruder had been in town only a few weeks but had an uncanny ability to influence people.  He had also brought with him a rather seedy bunch of rogues.  Between the fear the seeming bandits instilled and the man’s disturbing charm, there was a widespread call for him to take Nara’s place in leading the city.  She feared she might have to use force to extricate the man but she certainly had no army to back her up.  They quickly reached Narange and Nara was horrified to see the villain’s men manning the gates.  They drew rein before the gates into the city and the guards approached with malicious grins on their faces; they had recognized Nara.  
The approaching captain laughed grimly in anticipation while the three men accompanying Nara fingered their sword hilts.  The captain said, “I see you have returned my lady, but I fear your throne is no longer secure.  Fear not, for Malion has claimed what is rightfully his, as the people have demanded.  Come, he wishes to speak with you.”
A sour look crossed Nara’s face but she nodded in resigned agreement.  Garren and her guards were required to hand over their weapons before they were allowed into the city.  Two of the guards were told off to escort them to this Malion.  They rode through the streets and fear seemed palpable in the air.  No one was abroad save on some dire errand and the streets were all but empty.  They clattered into the courtyard of the great house that served as the residence of the city’s leader.  Servants came for their horses and they followed their escort into a great room where sat the infamous Malion, obviously at his leisure.  He stood and offered a mocking bow as Nara entered the chamber and laughed deeply at her stern look.  He said, “welcome home lady, many feared that you had abandoned them so they invited me to take your place.  I would happily take you as my wife and perhaps together we can produce a proper heir.  Otherwise, I am afraid you shall remain my prisoner until you consent to my amiable offer or die of old age.  The choice is yours?”  
Nara looked aghast at the very idea and said, “I would rather die.”  
Malion laughed and said, “that also can be arranged.”  He clapped his hands and a pair of burly men, who had been standing just out of sight, approached the woman.  
Garren and her guards made to stop them but Nara said indignantly, “I can take care of myself thank you very much, besides this will not avail any of us.”  Taking her hidden meaning, the men ceased in their rescue attempt as the brawny men took her by the shoulders and led her deeper into the house.
Malion addressed Garren and the two guards, “you three know the use of a sword?”  All three nodded.  He continued, “good, then I am recruiting you into my service, else I shall have to deal with you severely.”  Garren felt as if the man wore evil as a cloak.  He also felt the overwhelming thought that he should obey this man no matter what.  The guards fell easily under his influence but something kept Garren from falling beneath his sway.  What fell sorcery the man used to influence the minds of others, Garren could not imagine but it seemed his Oath to the Master somehow protected him.  Malion smiled and said, “excellent, then I shall leave you to the tender mercies of captain Smit.”  
One of the men who had escorted them into Malion’s presence motioned for them to follow.  All made their bows as they exited the chamber, Garren’s three companions did so far too obsequiously; Garren bowed simply to keep up appearances rather than to honor the fiend.  The guard led them to a small building adjacent to the stable wherein the infamous captain Smit sat sharpening a dagger.  He glanced up from his work and smiled with a mouth vacant of teeth.  The guard saluted and said, “new recruits captain.”  
The captain nodded absently and waved their guide away, saying, “thank you, I will see to them.”  The guard saluted again, withdrew from the room, and returned to his post.
“New recruits eh?” said the captain, “Has Lord Malion spoken to you then?”  
Garren smiled grimly and said, “he is the one who recruited us.”  
The captain laughed, “is he then?  Very good, then you must be worthy fellows indeed.  Come, I will introduce you to life in his Honor’s service.”  The captain proceeded to show them the barracks, the various points where they might be stationed during the watch, and various other aspects of their newfound duties.  Afterwards he said, “I do not expect any trouble out of you, as the lads Lord Malion appoints tend to be his most faithful servants but know that any treachery or laziness will be dealt with lethally.  Am I understood?”  
“Yes sir,” said the three new recruits.  
The captain smiled, “very good.  It is about suppertime so I will introduce you to the other lads.  You can begin your duties tomorrow.  Any questions?”  
“No sir,” said the three in unison.  
“All right,” said the captain, “let’s eat.”
With that, they found their way to the small banquet hall where Malion sat entertaining a few aspiring courtiers, though he was not yet quite a King, or at least not in the sense of later years.  If one ruled even a modest city in those days one could consider oneself royalty.  Malion and his minions did not look up from their own entertainments as the four entered the room; mere guards were beneath the notice of personages of their seeming importance.  The three were introduced to the other guards, none of whom seemed overtly evil like Malion, rather they seemed men simply interested in seeking their fortune, albeit in a rather scandalous way.  All save Garren seemed inordinately fond of their master; strangely, the fondness seemed to be in direct proportion to their closeness to the man.  In his presence, they were very nearly obsequious while even a few miles from the city, some of them became quite indifferent to very nearly hostile, especially Nara’s former guards: Tobin and Ross.
The main duties of Malion’s guard were to keep order within the city, stand watch, patrol within the city and a few miles beyond, and to collect the hideously oppressive taxes imposed by their nefarious leader.  Thus they were not very popular with the commonfolk, but such was their fear and Malion’s power over them, that they dared not revolt.  Nara resided in some unknown part of the house quite isolated from the rest of the world.  She had to use all her stubborn will to fight against Malion’s strange influence during his frequent visits.  Lesser wills would have succumbed much more easily.  Only distance, an utter hatred for whatever thought was trying to be imposed unwillingly, or a complete devotion to the Master could protect a person against such influence.
Thus the townsfolk were much more susceptible to Malion than were the folk in the outlying villages and farms.  Folk within the city’s walls came close to utterly hating their new overlord but their fear seemed to counteract any benefit this might have had in overcoming his influence over their minds.  With such an environment, Garren wondered how he was ever to free Nara and remove the interloper from his stolen position.  He could challenge the scoundrel to single combat but he could not trust the guards not to try something sneaky.  First he had to find a way to distract, subdue, or disband the guard if he was to have any chance at returning things to their proper order.
Several days passed, Garren rode patrol and stood watch but was not yet trusted to very nearly steal from the commonfolk (what Malion called collecting taxes).  One day after Garren’s just returned patrol was unsaddling their horses in the stable, Takar was quite insistent that Garren take his time and remain until the others had left them alone.  The others quickly finished and hurried into the house for supper but Garren remained behind to ‘speak’ with his mount.  The unicorn had seen Malion in the stable that morning and was quite upset over the matter.  He tried to explain his encounter with the evil man during his own rebellion.
A unicorn is much better at understanding his rider’s thoughts than are men at interpreting the thoughts of their mounts.  After what seemed a lifetime, Garren roughly understood what the creature was trying to say.  Captain Smit then entered the stable to see what was keeping the man.  Garren said, “almost done sir, my mount just needed a little extra attention.  I shall be in to supper shortly.”  The man nodded and returned to his own meal.  Takar made a suggestion, and once he understood, Garren readily agreed.  It was exactly what he had been waiting for.  He bid farewell to his friend and followed captain Smit in to dinner.
Garren was again assigned to ride patrol the following morning and as they returned to the city around noon, Takar set to bucking with a passion and easily unseated his rider; the creature quickly vanished into the surrounding woods.  Garren painfully picked himself up and sheepishly crawled into the saddle with one of his compatriots while the other two set off after the runaway horse, laughing as they galloped in pursuit.  The two men rode back to the great house in search of the midday meal.  The leader of the morning’s patrol came in an hour later as Garren was manning the gates of the house and said, “what got into your horse this morning?  We could not catch him.  He will just have to return on his own if he feels so inclined.”  
Garren could only shake his head, “he certainly had his mind set on some mischief.”  
The man laughed grimly, “we do not have many horses to spare.  You may be stuck riding a carthorse on your next patrol.”  Garren did not look pleased with his equine demotion but he nodded grimly.  The other man walked away laughing in cold amusement.  
Garren could feel Takar some miles away and he was rather eager to commence his plan.  The unicorn kept his master informed of his progress as best he could over such a distance.  Standing watch was usually a rather dull occupation but Takar’s scheme made for quite an interesting afternoon.  Takar had changed his physical appearance to mimic that of a Black Unicorn as best he could without again returning to that grim state.  The poor fools on the approaching patrol would not know the difference.  He jumped out of the bushes ahead of them in all his macabre glory.  Their horses panicked and either fled with their riders or left them terrified upon the ground at the mercy of the monster before them.  The creature towered over them, reared, pawed the ground, and screamed horribly.  The men screamed in reply and fled for their lives.  Takar gave chase long enough to convince them of his dire intentions but at last let them flee to their master with word of the encounter.  The panicked horses ran all the way back to the city; the men who had managed to keep their seats quickly told their tale to the Great Malion.  
He was intrigued by the encounter and even more fascinated by the account given by the men who finally returned afoot.  He had encountered the creature once before and had failed to gain its cooperation willingly, but he longed to possess so terrible a beast and wondered if he might not gain its service through treachery.  He had not tried to dominate the thing mentally, as it had fled far too quickly the first time, but perhaps when they met again it would be a different story.  A normal unicorn could not be so dominated, as it was firmly in the Master’s sway but such a rebel might fall to Malion’s sinister influence.  With this thought in mind, he eagerly sent the entire guard out in pairs to see if they could find the creature.  One man was to remain with the beast and the other was to ride back and inform Malion that the monster had been found.  Those who had first encountered the monster wanted no part in the assignment but such was Malion’s terrible influence that they had no choice.  All save Garren (who had no horse) and Tobin (whose horse had severely bruised a hoof in its flight from the monster) rode off to find the creature.  
The two remaining guards were all that was left of Malion’s soldiers within the city and even their presence chafed at him in his desire for the beast.  Tobin watched the outer gates of the city and Garren alone remained to defend the house.  Malion eagerly awaited the return of his scouts near the gates of the city; a swift horse waited patiently nearby so that Malion might ride in pursuit of the Black Unicorn.  The horse whinnied in fear and tried to pull loose from the rope that tied him.  Malion looked up eagerly and saw his quarry upon his very doorstep.  He focused all his dark power upon overwhelming the will of the creature, but nothing happened.  The monster must have a will of iron.  Tobin was holding his head in his hands, as if he had a headache or was greatly confused.  Malion was so focused on the monster that he did not notice Garren’s exposed sword until it was at his throat.  He glared in surprise at the intrepid traitor saying, “and what treachery is this?  How can you dare such a thing?  Especially in the presence of this horrible beast!  It will destroy us all, for I have no control over him.  You fool!  Can you not choose some other time to defy me?  Tobin, defend me!”
Tobin jumped in surprise, and much to Malion’s disbelief and dismay, said, “why should I defend such a usurper as you?”  
Malion was dumbfounded, “why do I not have control over either of you?  You should be as meek as kittens in my presence!”  Then he looked at the Black Unicorn and horrified understanding dawned.  The unicorn stood there patiently.  He was a rather ugly grey color but he had not the hideous size and lacked the pervasive aura of evil.  His eyes were everything wise and noble with no malice or confusion therein.  Had the monster truly been what he seemed at first glance, they all would have been dead or enslaved by now.  It had all been a trick.  He glared at Garren, who amusedly watched as realization registered on Malion’s face.  The sinister man glowered, “you are one of those vile Brethren are you not?”  
Garren continued to bare his sword but bowed, saying, “at your service, or perhaps I should say at the service of Narange and the Lady Nara.”  
“And that horrid beast is your accomplice in this little scheme no doubt,” growled the man.  Malion then frowned at Tobin, “are you one of them also?”  
Tobin shook his head, “no, but I do not know why I am free of your influence.”  
Malion scowled once more, “because no one can stay long in my influence in the presence of such a creature!”  “What are you going to do with me?” sneered Malion.  
Garren said, “you shall stand before the Lady and face justice.  Whatever comes of you, you will no longer be a threat to Narange!”  
“I think not,” said Malion, as he dashed towards the waiting horse, who had nearly exhausted himself with panic in the presence of the unicorn and now stood with head down and sides heaving.  Malion leapt into the saddle and the terrified animal gladly fled from the awful glory of the unicorn.  Garren and Takar were soon in pursuit, leaving the stunned Tobin to go back to the house and free Nara.  The chase was not long and ended tragically, or so Garren thought.  The exhausted horse stumbled as it ran, flinging its nefarious rider into a river that rushed cold over its rocky bed.  Takar stood on the bank, reared, and screamed his frustration.  They did not see any trace of the man.  Slowly they returned to Narange to see what they could do to speed the healing of that oppressed city.  Upon their return, Nara met them at the city gates.  She looked haggard for lack of sleep but otherwise was unharmed.  Nara greeted the returning pair and was happy to hear that a seeming end had been made of the usurper.  With the man gone, the people of Narange were no longer under his dreadful influence and gladly welcomed their lady home.  The only worry now was the returning guard.  Night fell and the weary guards returned in pairs.
Nara, Tobin, Garren, and a few of the more intrepid townsfolk met each returning pair and told them of the changes within the city.  Nara gave them the option of remaining in her service or if they were unwilling to serve her faithfully, she banished them from the city and its surrounding villages.  Garren was there to make sure the soldiers did not lie when they said they wished to remain.  The guards were dealt with peaceably and those who rode off seeking their fortune in other pursuits were followed at a distance by Garren, just to make sure they did not decide to play bandit as they left the immediate area.  Garren returned without incident and they all gratefully sought their beds.  In the morning, Nara addressed Garren, “I thank you for your aid in rooting out that horrible man but now we must be about the business for which my daughter first sent you to my city.  We need to find a suitable heir apparent.  What would you recommend?”  
Garren said, “my lady, if you would allow me to circulate about the city and the outlying villages, I could search out a person of suitable character.  I would say that the duty should fall to you but I am afraid you are too well known.  I am known to some here from former days but the city has grown much in my absence and no one can suspect my true mission even if they know my face.  I can also tell when someone is lying thus I have some slight advantage in rooting out any nefarious individuals.”  Nara thought it a sensible solution and agreed to Garren’s plan but only if he brought the chosen individual to her for approval before anything was finally decided; to this Garren readily agreed.  He set off immediately to make his rounds of the city.  To save time he sent Takar out into the countryside to see if he might find an individual with a humble heart and the necessary acumen for leadership.  For several days Garren wandered the streets, haunted the market place, and lingered in the inns hoping to find someone to satisfy Nara but found no likely candidates.  
Takar had a much more interesting time and roamed about disguised as a wandering horse.  He found several individuals who tried to hide him in their own barns but easily escaped from these would-be horse thieves.  Finally, he was ‘caught’ by a rather plain young woman who led him into the city and approached the Lady Nara on the matter, seeking the owner of the wandering beast.  As they stood in the courtyard, Nara was fetched and a breathless Garren ran through the gates.  The girl bowed politely to her ruler and smiled amusedly at the winded man.  Garren recognized her as Ariata, a girl a bit younger than himself but of much sense.  She said to Nara, “has anyone lost a good horse?  I found this creature wandering alone.”  As she spoke, Takar revealed his true form and she dropped the halter rope in terror and awe.  
Garren smiled warmly, “for the moment he deigns to let me ride him, but it is not him we have been long in search of.  I think perhaps it is you we sought.”  
She looked scandalized,  “what can you wish of me?  You cannot come seeking my hand now that Astoria has refused you hers!”  
Nara laughed, “this young upstart should have married my rebellious daughter and become ruler of this city after me, but neither will listen to sense.  With their absence, I now have no one to assume my place once I vacate it.  This noble beast seems to think you the right person for the job.  With spirit and character such as you appear to possess I also think he might be right.  Will you consent to be my heir?  It is not an easy job but you can do your city a great service.”  
Stunned, Ariata bowed and said, “your wish shall be my pleasure, lady.”  Nara smiled warmly and took the shocked girl by the shoulder to introduce her to the ruling circle of Narange.  She winked at Garren as she walked away.  The man bowed formally, mounted Takar, and rode home.


Chapter 5

Malion was washed some distance downstream and painfully crawled from the swirling water as it pooled in a sharp bend of the river’s channel.  He lay on the shore in exhaustion as darkness crept over the world.  Morning came and he groaned as his bruised muscles complained bitterly after so much abuse and a night in such a position.  He drank a little and summoned his Lurker.  The mindless beast ran snarling into the clearing, he mounted, and rode dejectedly in search of somewhere to heal, hoping his dark master would not destroy him for his failure.  His only hope was that in these early days there could not be that many men devoted utterly to the darkness and thus he was at least temporarily indispensable to his master.
As night was falling, he came to a small village and used his malevolent abilities to acquire food and lodgings for the night.  He fell almost gratefully into bed but sleep did not come as it usually did.  Instead, the whole room filled with an inky blackness and dread filled the house.  In the midst of the darkness, two eyes like flame glowed and terror seized Malion, who cowered upon the bed.  “You have failed,” snarled the darkness, “I would destroy you, but you may yet be of use.  Fail again and it shall be your last mistake.  I need others of your miserable kind to serve me with their whole beings.  My Enemy has many such servants and I will need a dark army to stop their vile schemings.  You had best get started.”  The darkness and the terror faded away but it was some time before sleep came and nightmares with it.  Malion woke shaking and drenched in sweat and soon set out to build a Brotherhood for the Serpent.

Tiara was busy in the kitchen of her father’s house when she heard the sound of galloping hooves in the farmyard.  She could hear her children playing near the back of the house and she called firmly, “strangers!”  Suddenly silence filled the house as the children ceased their play and hid themselves for fear of hostile visitors.  In the time since the fall of man, such precautions became all too commonplace as people discovered they could no longer trust everyone they met.  There were far too many men who chose to take advantage where they could regardless of the cost to others.  
The man drew rein sharply at the kitchen door, which he then proceeded to fling wide open without so much as a knock.  Tiara gasped when she saw who her visitor was, as the bowl she had been holding shattered as it hit the floor.  She had thought her husband dead in the chaos that broke the world and had returned to her father’s farm to raise her children.  She had never thought to see Malion alive again.  Now that she saw him she was not sure she wanted to.  There had been something not quite right about him when he rode off that fateful night but now he seemed a completely different man.  She had never seen such malice in the eyes of any living man; his eyes were rather those of a wolf or an eagle.  Her husband, or at least the man he had once been, was truly dead but his body still walked the earth inhabited by this sinister stranger.
He smiled with cold amusement at his wife’s reaction; this was an excellent beginning.  “Where is the boy?” demanded the man without greeting or explanation of where he had been the last few years.  
“Wh…wh…why?” stuttered the terrified woman.  
“I have come to take him away from this wretched farm and raise him in a more appropriate manner,” sneered the man, “he is my son and I will see that he has a proper future.”  Malion actually cared nothing for the boy but he thought to take him and mold him into a proper servant for his dark master.  He was to build a Brotherhood and he could see no other way to gain a following save by force.  
Tiara said in stunned horror, “you cannot!”  The man raised his hand and struck her across the face.  She fell to her knees, sobbing, “what has happened to you?”  
He sneered, “you will mind your tongue wench or I shall silence it for you.  I am taking the boy and that is the end of it.  Where is he?  Try nothing foolish or I shall make an end of you and your entire family.  I will not be trifled with!”  
She lay in a miserable, sobbing heap on the floor and pointed out the open door, “he walked towards the village an hour ago.  If you hurry, you might catch him.  Please do not do this!”  His harsh laugh echoed through the kitchen as he stomped out of the house and slammed the door behind him.  The sound of retreating hooves filled the house and Tiara quickly rose to her feet and wiped away her tears.  She had no time for sorrow.  She ran to the back of the house and gathered up the boy and the girl who cowered there in terror.
Without a word, she helped them into their cloaks and had them put on their boots.  Once they were dressed, she took them each by the hand and led them to the paddock behind the barn.  There an ancient mare grazed with her nearly grown foal, though the young one was only six months old.  The distressed woman approached the gate and the colt greeted her with a whicker though he would never quite let her touch him, he was grateful for the kindness the woman showed himself and his aged dam.  He had felt the evil man enter the farmyard and was unsettled by his presence.  He pitied the poor woman and wished to comfort her but knew not how.  
She spoke to the colt, saying, “I have heard the tale of the origin of your kind and know that one day you will leave us and shall seek out the Brethren.  That terrible man will return and when he does, he must not find the children here.  Let today be the day you leave and I beg you to bear these young ones to safety.  You are their only hope.”  The young unicorn could not say no to such a request and nodded his head gravely.  A faint glimmer of hope stirred in the woman’s eyes as she opened the gate and let the colt out.  He stood patiently as the woman put first the girl and then the boy upon his back.  “Hold on tight and do not be afraid!” said the woman to her children as the unicorn ran off into the woods.  Suddenly she heard the thud of approaching hooves and she turned in horror that Malion might have returned already.
She nearly fainted with relief to see her brother Tobin riding into the yard.  He saw his sister’s distress and was off his horse and at her side faster than thought.  “Tiara!” said he in concern, “whatever has happened?”  She quickly told her tale and Tobin looked grim.  He said, “I had thought to bring you word that your husband was dead but I see that he has survived somehow.  Now what shall we do?  It is not safe to be here when he returns.”  
A look of determination entered Tiara’s eyes and she said, “I will take the gelding and follow the children to Astoria.  You must ride to the west pasture and warn father not to return lest he meet Malion.  Have him drive the flock to Astoria and we shall begin anew there.  We have little time.”  Tobin nodded his agreement and was quickly in the saddle and off to warn his father.  Tiara chased the old mare from the paddock, turned loose the cow, and saddled the horse.  She was soon on her way to Astoria.

Becca was helping in the fields around the fledgling city when she saw a very strange sight.  A nearly grown unicorn trotted up the road with two half grown children on his back.  Never had she heard of a unicorn bearing anyone but one of the Brethren.  He stopped before her and stood patiently as she helped the sobbing children from his back.  His burden delivered, he whickered in gratitude and disappeared into the distant woods.  Becca could get no more information out of the children than she received from their deliverer.  She put an arm around each of their shoulders and gently led them towards the city.  She had always had a heart for children even though she never had any of her own; she thought back briefly to that strange night, what seemed centuries ago, when she had taken in another troubled child.  She smiled to herself as she thought how strange it was that that child had become the leader and very heart of the Brethren.  She led the frightened youngsters into the city and found a quiet place in the large house that currently served as the headquarters of the Brethren.  In a quiet corner by the fire, she let them weep away their fear.
Finally, when the flood of tears dwindled to a trickle, she asked, “what has happened?”  
Cayen, a boy of fourteen, said quietly, “we all thought my father dead but he came back today and scared my mother terribly.  She sent us away to keep us safe but there is no one to protect her!”  
Tabitha, a girl of twelve, said with sniffles breaking her voice, “she asked the strange colt to bear us to safety.  Are we safe?” 
Becca pulled them both into a hug, “you are as safe as anyone can be in these disquiet days.  Fear not, your mother seems a wise woman to protect you as she did.  I do not think she will let any harm befall herself.  Weep not until we know for certain that some dreadful thing has befallen her.  Let us find you something to eat, I am sure you missed your noon meal.”  The children dried their tears and gratefully sat down to a hearty meal.  As they were finishing, Garren poked his head in the door and smiled.  He came inside, and after him came a very troubled looking woman whose face radiated pure joy when she recognized her children.  They dropped their utensils and ran to hug her.  Becca and Garren smiled warmly at the reunion.  
Then Becca asked Tiara, “what has happened?”  
The woman quickly told her story and a frown creased Garren’s face, “I had thought the fiend dead!  That such a vile man with such strange powers is still at large is certainly a terrible thought.  We must see the Lady immediately.”  
Becca said, “I shall mind the children while you speak with the Lady.”  Tiara nodded thankfully and followed Garren to the room at the back of the house wherein the Lady was wont to sit.  They bowed themselves into her presence and the Lady quickly put away the dress she had been mending.  A look of concern and amusement crossed Tiara’s face but she said nothing.  
Garren said, “Lady, I fear the fell man who briefly oppressed Narange is still alive.  This dear woman was his wife and he came today seeking to steal away his son.”  
The Lady’s eyes were wide with astonishment, “I never thought such a fellow could be married, but then I sometimes forget much has changed in the world and many hearts with it.  My own father was not the same person that terrible night.  I am sorry for your loss.”  
Tiara said, “I thank you for your words Lady.  It was easier to think him dead than to know he lives but is no longer the man I once knew and loved.  Can my children and I remain in your city?  It is no longer safe for me to remain at home.  We shall not be a burden.”  
The Lady smiled, “of course you may stay for as long as you wish, though we are still a fledgling community, we will share with you what we have.”  
The woman smiled gratefully, “thank you Lady.”  
Before more could be said, the door opened and Becca ushered a distraught looking Tobin in.  He bowed to the Lady and nodded to Garren.  Breathlessly he said, “Lady, I fear more has come of this dreadful encounter than simple terror.  The wicked man was unable to find his son in the village so he made off with another boy.  He then returned to my father’s farm and burnt it to the ground.  He is now fleeing north.”  
The Lady looked grimly to Garren, “can you catch him?”  
Garren bowed, and as he ran from the room, said, “I shall certainly try.”  
Garren was in his saddle and riding north as hard as Takar could run.  Only a unicorn could catch him now.  A unicorn could sense his master at any distance but was usually unable to find any other human in such a fashion but Takar had been so traumatized by his encounter with the vile man that he could somehow sense him over short distances.  He could vaguely feel the man somewhere ahead and as they gained ground, the sensation became stronger.  Soon they could see the man in the distance and pressed all the harder.  His horse was plastered with sweat and stumbling in exhaustion.  The boy struggled vainly against his captor but could not get away.  Finally, the beast fell and threw his passengers to the ground.  The boy screamed in anguish as his leg shattered.  The man saw the hopelessness of trying to flee with an injured boy and abandoned his prey.  He vanished into the woods afoot and summoned his lurker, hoping the fool who pursued him would be distracted by the boy long enough for him to make his escape.  The mindless beast soon found him and he fled into the depths of the forest.  
Garren jumped from Takar’s back and quickly looked the boy over.  Takar ran after the man but returned in frustration not long after; the man was fled aback some sort of monster.  Garren shook his head and said, “we must tend to the boy.  Sadly, we cannot pursue the villain as I would wish.  Someday he will face justice but it will not be today.”  Garren splinted the boy’s leg with sticks and some cloth ripped from his cloak.  They rode slowly back to the village and returned Ehaton to his grateful mother.  The brief adventure made such an impression on the boy that as soon as his leg was fully healed, he made his way to Astoria in hopes of even more adventures.

Tiara was mortified to see that the Lady was mending her own clothes and that many of the Brethren were doing such menial tasks as weeding fields and building houses.  Ever grateful for the Lady’s warm welcome, she set about rectifying the situation.  The Brethren had far more important things to be about than simple household tasks!  Many were the folk that were appreciative of the Brethren’s efforts to hold chaos at bay and thus many were eager to make them even more effective by freeing them from the basic chores of existence that they might have more time to do what only they could.  Anyone could chop wood but only the Brethren could teach the Truth, interpret the Law, dispense justice, protect the weak, chase down criminals, advise rulers, and negotiate peace between warring factions.
Soon an army of eager helpers, under Tiara’s guidance, was residing in Astoria to help with the day-to-day running of the place.  The Lady at first was aghast that she could not even mend her own socks but soon saw the sense of the matter and was more than grateful to have a bevy of people to help with the cleaning, cooking, mending, and building.  The Brethren had not taken their Oaths to plow fields though they did when they must, but they were eager to be about the Master’s business and now they were truly free to do that to which they were called.  
Becca approached the Lady one day and said, “Lady, we are in need of a teaching program within Astoria itself.  It is a wonderful thing that we are able to send Teachers to all corners of the earth but I think we need a few at home.  There are many children among those helping to build this city and those who have come to help us as they can.  The least we could do is educate their children.”  
The Lady smiled, “I had been thinking the same thing and I am glad you have volunteered to found our educational program.  It will be a very good thing to make Astoria a place where people can come to learn no matter their background.  We also need a program in place to train those interested in joining the Brethren, though this of course cannot be a requirement for those wishing to learn but it can be an option for those so inclined.”  Becca was quite stunned that she had so volunteered but she was honored by the Lady’s trust and bowed in acquiescence.  Under her guidance, Astoria’s educational programs took shape and began to flourish so that within a few years, eager students were flocking to Astoria to better understand the world and to gain enough knowledge that they might make a better life in it.  Many of these eager students eventually went on to take their Oath including Cayen, Tabitha, and Ehaton.  

Malion had failed to kidnap either his son or the other boy and wondered if this would count as a failure to his dark master.  He sulked alone at a table in the shadowy depths of an inn.  How ever was he to build this vile fellowship if he could not even inculcate children in the ways of the Nameless One?  As he pondered these things, a man took a seat across from him.  He raised his eyes to the stranger who looked eager but also rather nervous.  “Yes?” asked Malion with a snarl.  
The man stuttered, “I do not know why but I felt I must speak with you.  I am eager for something but I do not know what?  All I know is that I am not content with what a ‘normal’ life has to offer and I want something more.”  
Malion laughed coldly, “are you perhaps seeking the Brethren?  They claim to live a ‘fulfilled’ life, whatever that means!”  
The stranger smirked, “I am no such fool.  I do not seek to surrender my will to that of the Master!  I want to control my own destiny and I want power beyond what is normally granted to a man in my position.  I feel you know how to give it to me.”  
Malion smiled, “that I can.”  They talked long into the night and thus began the Brotherhood.

Tears streaked Tabitha’s face as she ran to find her mother.  Tiara looked upon her daughter with a combination of concern and astonishment.  What was it this time?  It did not take much to make the fourteen-year-old girl cry, especially when her older brother was involved.  “Mama!” shrieked the girl in near hysterics, “Cayen and Ehaton say that the Lady has given them permission to take the Oath but she will not let me!  It is not fair!  You must put a stop to it!”  
Tiara shook her head in amusement but tried to wear a gentle smile, saying, “the only reason you are being denied is your age!  You know very well that you must wait until your sixteenth birthday.  I know time seems to pass slowly at your age but soon it will seem years pass in days.  Your turn will come; be patient.  Would you make your brother and his friend wait two years until you are old enough?”  
“Yes,” sulked the girl, “it would serve them right for teasing me.”  
At this a frown crossed Tiara’s face, “I will however put a stop to that else I will make them wait!”  A cold smile graced the girl’s lips as she followed her mother in search of the errant boys; she could not wait for the scolding to ensue.  They found the boys in class and patiently waited until it was finished.  They were not happy to meet Tiara at the door, especially with the vindictive grin on Tabitha’s face.  Tiara said, “Cayen, have you been teasing your sister?”  The boy was astonished to be so accused but this was not the first time Tabitha had carried tales and blamed her brother for things he had never done.  The look of shock on the boy’s face was answer enough and Tiara gave Tabitha a stern look, “Tabitha, did you lie to me?”
The girl went white as a sheet and then her face flushed red; she fought vainly against more tears.  She glowered at her mother and the two boys and then fled without answer.  The three watched her run off and wondered how long it would take her to calm down this time.  Tabitha ran to the stables, saddled a horse, and rode off into the woods.  Her mind worked furiously as she rode out of the growing city and into the cool depths of the forest.  She could not understand why people never saw things her way.  Why did Cayen and Ehaton get to have all the fun while she was forced to spend two more long years waiting her turn?  It was not fair!
She had only been trying to make them wait, as was only fair.  She rode hard until she was well beyond the trails she knew, but she pushed on until evening as her mind roiled within her.  She would go have an adventure on her own; she would show everyone that she was ready!  She had not brought any food, water, or anything to start a fire.  She had not even brought a cloak as it was late spring and the weather was pleasant.  Darkness finally forced her to stop for the night and the horse was all too eager to comply.  She sighed, it would be a cold and hungry night but soon she would have an adventure and such minor inconveniences would be all but forgotten.  
Tabitha awoke stiff and cold, but eager to see what the day might bring.  She refreshed herself as best she could in a small stream and found a few berries to take the edge off her hunger but only managed to worsen the pangs.  She crawled wearily into her saddle and was again off in search of she knew not what.  For two more days she pressed north as hard as she dared; civilization was soon left far behind.  At first her mother thought a night sulking in the dark and cold might teach the girl a lesson but when she failed to appear the next day, Tiara became worried and a search was made for the errant girl.
Tabitha cared nothing for the worry she might be causing others, save perhaps for some vague notion of teaching everyone a lesson and thereby getting whatever she wanted when she returned home because they felt so guilty over what they had done to cause her to disappear in the first place.  This thought caused her to smile but the smile quickly became a shriek as her horse stumbled and fell.  Darkness took her.  When she awoke, she groaned and opened her eyes only to find a horrible mockery of a human face mere inches from her own.  The yellow eyes glowed with malice but there was no trace of intelligence beyond the keenness of mind seen in some of the higher beasts.  The creature screamed, whether in fear or excitement or rage Tabitha never knew.  The thing was a greenish grey color and was covered in a leathery hide; it had terrible claws and vicious teeth that looked capable of easily rending flesh.
The thing was not alone.  A whole horde of the beasts was swarming over the body of the partially eaten horse.  She then saw the vine over which her horse must have stumbled.  One end was made tight to a tree and the other was loose but had been pulled taut by the creatures.  She shuddered to think that such horrid things had presence of mind enough to pull such a trick.  She also wondered why they had not set upon her as they had obviously done to her poor horse.  She soon had her answer.  When she was unconscious, the things had no interest in her immediately, as the horse was a much more rewarding target, but now that their hunger had been sated they were more in the mood to cause trouble and there was nothing they enjoyed more than terrifying other living things.
They would terrorize the girl before killing her.  The beasts left their meal, most with bloodied mouths and hands, making them even more distressing if that were possible.  The whole troop approached Tabitha and she tried to struggle to her feet but found herself bound as securely as the vine was tied to the tree.  A vicious and terrible light rested in their eyes and their evil leers deepened as they saw the terror taking hold of their prey.  When they were almost upon the girl, the air was filled with the snap of bowstrings and the whiz of arrows.  Suddenly chaos broke out among the terrible throng and several of the creatures fell dead while the rest fled into the surrounding trees.
Tabitha lay very still, not daring to hope that whoever had attacked the creatures might be friendly towards a girl alone in the wilderness.  Cautiously, several people, all shorter than herself, crept out of the surrounding brush.  She gasped when she realized they were fully grown men!  They smiled in amusement as they saw her shock and quickly released her from her bonds.  “Who are you?” asked the amazed girl.  
The shortest of the bunch said, “who we are matters not but we must move on before the goblins return.  They are easily frightened but the scent of blood will soon overcome their fear.”  The girl nodded and followed the little men into the forest.  They walked silently for some time until they found themselves in the midst of an ancient grove amidst whose towering boughs rested an arboreal village.  The small group broke up and returned to their various homes as the man who had spoken motioned for the girl to follow.  They climbed a ladder leading to one of the cottages amongst the branches.  Once they were safely indoors and each cradled a cup of herbal tea, provided by an equally short woman, the man felt at ease to talk.  He said, “we are simply called the Forest People but you must promise not to reveal our identity to anyone, else we might have to leave you to the goblins once more.”  The girl looked terrified but his teasing smile eased her fears of such a fate.
She said, “I will speak of you to no one but why must you remain a secret?”  
Her host smiled, “we are a simple folk wishing only to live in peace.  We would not survive long if men knew we existed because we could not stand long against them.  We can use our bows but are not warriors.  We survive by keeping those who would oppress us ignorant of our very existence.  We mean no harm to anyone but neither do we wish men to know we are about.”  
She nodded in understanding, “then why did you rescue me?”  
He laughed, “a child in the hands of a goblin horde is one of the few reasons we might expose ourselves to humanity, but I trust your promise not to reveal our existence to anyone.  We did not set out to rescue you, we were simply hunting the goblins and happened upon you in your moment of need.”  
“What are they exactly?” asked she, “They seemed cunning but I felt no trace of sapience among them.”  
The man said, “no one is quite sure what they are or where they came from.  They are not truly thinking creatures though they are too intelligent and brutal to be beasts.  They appeared shortly after the events that changed the world.  No beast is intentionally cruel but they seem to delight in tormenting other creatures.  But they have no soul.  Our guess is that they are a mockery of sapient life somehow engineered by the Enemy.  I do not think he can create life but perhaps he took an intelligent beast and somehow corrupted it with his own cruelty towards and hatred of all good things.  Whatever they are, we kill them as we may for they kill man and beast without a second thought and it is a small mercy to be rid of them.”
Tabitha shuddered to remember how close she had come to being their next victim.  She said, “thank you for saving me from such a fate.  What shall come of me?”  
The man shrugged, “that depends where you came from and why?”  
She said, “I fled from home a few days ago in a rage and must return before my mother dies of worry.  It is a three day ride to the south as best I can tell.”  
The man nodded, “then we shall accompany you to the borders of our land and provide you with a week’s worth of provender.  If you run into more goblins after we part I am afraid you are on your own.”  
She smiled and said, “I thank you for your trouble on my behalf.”  
After a hearty meal she was soon asleep, exhausted with travel and the horrors of the day.  The next day after a filling breakfast, her host walked her to the edge of that small country and bid her a swift journey.  She took a few steps ahead, but glanced back and suddenly the whole forest behind her seemed to shift so that she could no longer see her guide or their trail.  It was as if she had imagined the whole ordeal but the pack on her back was quite real.  She shook her head in confusion and began the long walk home.  She walked all day and then found a place to sleep for the night.  She awoke suddenly when she felt her entire body engulfed in a great, clawed hand.  She screamed, thinking the goblins were upon her again but soon found herself eye to eye with a large green dragon.
The creature looked at her curiously and a look of something like pity played across its face.  It clutched her tightly in its great fist and took to the air.  Though she was terrified, flying was an exhilarating experience even so.  Not too long after, the thing landed in a wide meadow where a great hummock of grass rose abruptly from the earth.  Suddenly the hummock moved and revealed itself to be another dragon.  The second creature yawned and said, “why are you interrupting my nap Editha?  This had best be important.”  
Editha was quite excited and said, “I found a baby human all alone and miles from any human habitation.  Come see!”  
The second beast lumbered over and stared at the stunned Tabitha with interest, saying, “and what are you going to do with the creature?”  
Editha said, “I thought to make a pet of her.  She is so alone and helpless.”  
The other was stunned, “that homely thing?  But then I guess she is so ugly she is almost cute.  Do as you like though she might make a nice specimen for Humbert’s collection; he is cataloging and preserving specimens of the local flora and fauna.  I am sure he would be happy to have her.”  
Tabitha said in horror, “I am no butterfly to be pinned nor a puppy to tie on a leash!”  
Editha nearly dropped her in surprise, “you can talk!  How can any creature your age talk?”  
Tabitha gave her a strange look, “I am nearly fifteen years old.  Most children can babble by a year, why should I not talk at fifteen?”  
Editha said, “I am surprised at how rapidly you humans mature!  I had no idea you grew so fast.  Our own youngsters take many decades to become half so rational.  I had thought you a mere infant!”  
The second creature said, “well, this certainly makes things tricky.  If she were an orphan child, perhaps you could keep her but I fear that she is no helpless babe.  I am afraid we must let her go.”  
Before Editha could reply, a dark shadow covered the meadow and both of the green dragons backed quickly away from the center of the clearing.  A moderately sized black dragon landed and hissed, “what are you old crones gossiping about?”  He saw the pathetic little human clutched in Editha’s claws and said, “a human?  Is that all?  I thought at least you had caught a nice fat elk or something.  What use is a human, save to make sport of?”  
The ladies hissed like frightened cats and backed to the forest’s edge, “be gone!  This is none of your business.  We will do as we please.”  
The black dragon laughed scornfully, “you green dragons are pathetic!  We should be the masters of creation but you are content to lurk in your caves and care little for what passes in the rest of the world.  Someday we shall take our proper place, but for now enjoy your pathetic little pest.”  He laughed cruelly as he launched himself into the air and vanished from sight.  
The ladies relaxed once he was gone but shuddered in horror to think that any dragon could be so awful.  Editha then looked at her captive, “I suppose we had best return you home else that horrid monster might lie in wait and do unspeakable things to you just because he can.”  
Tabitha asked, “why is he so cruel?”  
Editha shrugged, “it was not always so.  We all used to be rather benign creatures but then something happened and suddenly the world was not as it had been.  We found ourselves much more able to give into our baser instincts and some of us actually found we enjoyed evil or did not bother to control our tempers.  Those that relish evil suddenly found themselves with black scales, those who indulged in their rage became red, and the more sensible of us are green.  The memories grow fuzzy but I think we all used to bask in the presence of the Master but now it seems we have to work hard to find Him.  The black dragons take a perverted delight in being free of such restraints.  It is all very strange.  Now where do you come from little one that we might return you safely?”  
Tabitha said, “I live in Astoria which is home to the Brethren.”  
Editha and her companion gave her a patient look, “dear heart we care nothing for human conventions of naming places.  Can you tell me your physical home?”  
Tabitha laughed, “I live in a growing city two and a half days south as the horse runs.”  
Editha did some mental calculations and smiled, “I think I know the place.  Hang on!”  She took to the air and this time Tabitha could enjoy the ride.  They came to rest in the fields surrounding the city and Becca and Garren rode out to meet them.  Their faces were a study in dread, relief, and shock.  
“Tabitha!” said Becca in horror, “Your mother is in near hysterics that you have disappeared.  Where have you been?  Garren found your horse mangled by goblins and we feared the worst!”  
The dragon watched the interaction with interest.  Dragons knew little of men and the study intrigued her.  Perhaps in former days dragons were more intimate with men but the memories were so faint as to be nearly forgotten, as a dream upon waking.  Becca suddenly realized she had been scolding the girl and ignoring the monster that towered over them.  She bowed politely in her saddle and said, “welcome to Astoria my lady.  Thank you for bringing this errant child home.  You have relieved much grief and worry.”  
Editha was about to say something when a look of utter astonishment covered her face, “it cannot be!  How?”  
Becca cocked her head, “how can what be?”  
Editha said, “how can you ride upon the Master!”  
Now Becca was truly confused.  Then she glanced at her mount’s head, which had previously been that of a shaggy pony but now revealed his true identity.  In spite of herself she laughed, saying, “my faithful companion is not the Master but one of the race of mortal unicorns.”  
Editha’s shock abated some but she said, “mortal unicorns?  I had heard rumors but thought it simply gossip.  Are they truly a thinking people or nothing more than glorified horses?”
Becca’s mount snorted in derision and Takar added his own fury at the insult.  Becca laughed, “they are certainly a wise and thinking people, perhaps the noblest kindred that walks the earth.”  
Editha smiled ruefully, “forgive my ignorance but these are strange days and the whole world seems turned on its head.”  The unicorns whickered their approval and seemed quite content.  Editha asked, “if they are a thinking people how is it that you can enslave them so?”  
Becca laughed joyfully, “they are not slaves but our dearest companions.  It is of their own choosing that they serve us thus.  We could not ask for better friends.”  
Editha said, “do they serve all men so?  Why do they subject themselves to such tedious labor that any horse could accomplish.”  
Garren said, “they serve only those sworn heart and soul to the Master.  They will tolerate no rider but one of the Brethren.”  
The creature said, “I see.”  But sounded as if she did not.  
Garren laughed, “these are strange days indeed.  Perhaps you would stay for a time and learn more of unicorns, men, and the Brethren that you might enlighten your people?  We would also like to know more of dragons.”  
Editha smiled, “that sounds a delightful idea.  But first we must reunite this wayward child with her family.”  Tiara and the Lady were quickly sent for.  Tiara was overjoyed and enraged to see her child.  
Tabitha said, “I am sorry for running away.  It was foolish and I have learned my lesson well.  I shall also refrain from trying to injure poor Cayen with foolish tales.”  
Tiara smiled, “I see your wanderings have somehow taught you sense!  The Lady may perhaps one day let you take your Oath if you continue to learn humility.”
The Lady laughed, “there is a reason that we will not let children take the Oath, but I see Tabitha that you are well on your way to becoming a young woman.  I will hold you to your promise even if you are not yet one of the Brethren.”  Tiara nodded, as if this only made sense.  Tabitha eyed both women in trepidation and knew she would be held to her word.  Perhaps she was not quite mature enough to take her Oath as she had once thought?  The dragon stayed on for several weeks, and much was learned by all about the other thinking creatures with whom they shared the world.  Tabitha said nothing of the Forest People however.  A great hawk watched the proceedings from a dead tree on the edge of the forest.  He screamed his rage as he flew into the distant north.  
After several days he landed amid a small gathering of similar birds.  “Well?” asked a great white specimen as the spy landed.  
The newcomer sighed, “the humans seem to be getting all friendly with the dragons and I do not know how unicorns fit into the chaos but I saw the creatures with men willingly upon their backs!”  
“Treachery or black sorcery,” said the white falcon, “humans are a ruined and terrible race and why the Master has not destroyed the lot of them I cannot understand.  How the dragons and the unicorns can forgive such evil on the part of men I cannot fathom.”  
The newcomer said, “the dragon spoke of memories of the former time fading.  Perhaps they do not know what they have lost at the hands of men?”  
The snowy falcon nodded grimly, “it is the only explanation.  Such creatures are mortal and their memories prone to error.  In a few generations it will be all but forgotten and reduced to myth!  But the Akoni will never forget and neither will we forgive.  Mankind will always be a disgrace and a degradation to all thinking creatures.  The Master did not destroy them as was proper but perhaps we will see it happen one day.  Perhaps man will destroy himself?  What can rein in such a wretched creature that would slay the Master himself?  No, they are doomed and we shall watch them fall and laugh as they die.”


Chapter 6

The years passed and the habits and habitations of men became more and more entrenched and soon the time before the change was forgotten in all but foggiest memory, and the generations born after thought it simply a story and would have forgotten it completely, save for the relentless efforts of the Brethren.  They traveled throughout the world and spoke the Truth and taught the Common Law.  They advised the rulers of the quickening nations and negotiated peace in the tumultuous times that attended the birth pangs of civilization.  As their numbers grew, the Lady also saw fit to appoint Teachers that remained in a specific area and taught not only Truth and Law, but also reading, writing, history, and all other subjects useful to children and their parents.  Those wishing to further their education could then travel to now mythic Astoria and there learn what they must to pursue various trades, to serve as advisors, join the Brethren, or even rule a country.  Astoria became a gathering place for those who excelled in or advanced the various arts, crafts, trades, and sciences; those already established in an art or trade could come and learn the latest techniques or advancements; those seeking a future could also learn the basics of a variety of trades.  
Astoria became a place to exchange ideas and perfect the various arts.  The aristocracy of the emerging nations sent their children to learn politics, law, history, and the military arts and tactics.  The Brethren were agents of peace but they also knew that to ensure the peace one must sometimes pick up a sword, thus they learned the military and tactical arts themselves and saw fit to pass them on to others who might one day have to defend themselves or their nation.  As time passed, the nations were established, roads were built and maintained, trade routes became common, and all those things that corrupt such cornerstones of civilization also flourished: banditry and war.  As the population grew and memories of the Master and His ways grew more distant and foggy, the Brethren found ample opportunity to stay busy.
Cayen had been apprenticing with Garren for almost two years and would soon be ready to try an adventure of his own.  His sister Tabitha had recently joined the ranks of the Brethren and was apprenticing with Becca while his friend Ehaton was nearly finished with his own apprenticeship.  Garren found it vastly amusing to have an apprentice not that much younger than himself but such were the number of new recruits that the Lady was desperate to place the eager youngsters wherever she could find a place.  She already had another apprentice in mind for Garren when Cayen was finally loosed upon the world.  This would be their final mission together.  The various rulers in the southwestern corner of the world had sent word that there were an unseemly number of bandit raids in the area and requested the help of the Brethren.  The rulers had enough to do maintaining the delicate peace within their own borders and with their various neighbors without sparing men and resources to quash the bandit problem.  The Lady dispatched Garren and his apprentice to investigate and do what they could to stop the raids.
As they rode along on the weeks' long journey, Garren asked of Cayen, “are you ready to ride off on such an adventure alone?”  
The boy laughed, “I am eager but terrified, what of you?”  
Garren laughed, “I am sure the Lady already has another helpless youngster waiting for me upon our return.  I shall not be riding alone.  You are actually better off than I was.  I never had a mentor.  There was no such thing as an apprenticeship in those days.  The Lady pointed and you went, ready or not!”  Cayen looked stunned but also strangely grateful that such a thing was not expected of him.  
As they approached the area that the bandits were said to haunt, they stopped at the various inns and villages they encountered to ask after their quarry.  Little was known of the brigands, their numbers, or habits.  They appeared sporadically in bands of a dozen men and carried off whatever of value they could find, including a number of young men between the ages of fourteen and eighteen; what use they made of the unfortunate lads was not known.  Nations in those days were tiny compared with those in centuries to come and were often less than a day’s ride across in any direction.  And in those days many people still lived in independent villages and small clumpings of scattered farms, but as things grew more unsettled many of the less adventurous sought what protection they could from the growing number of kings and lords.  Yet there remained those who refused to relinquish most of their freedom and wealth for protection, but they soon found themselves giving what would have been taken as taxes (and often more) taken as plunder by bandits.
As they drew nearer to the areas plagued by the thieves, the locals grew much more wary of strangers and Garren found it difficult to extract any information at all.  One day as they stood on the green of a miniscule village in the foothills of the Western Mountains trying to speak with the mayor, a great ruckus arose as a dozen armed horsemen rode into the village yelling with all their might.  The Brethren wasted no time and were quickly in the saddle with swords bared.  A few of the more audacious villagers joined them but were armed with nothing but knives and pitchforks and one crudely made sword, apparently the first and last attempt at such a weapon by the local blacksmith.  The rest cowered in the shadow of the inn.  The Brethren were skilled with the sword but were greatly outnumbered.  Their stalwart but untrained allies were of little help and were quickly slain or surrendered.  Five of the bandits were killed or injured before the Brethren were subdued.  They were relieved of their weapons and their hands bound.  The surviving bandits then went about their business and gathered up what little of value the village contained.  They helped one of their injured comrades onto his horse; he had only minor wounds.  They killed the man who was badly injured lest he survive and turn traitor.  
They forced the Brethren into their saddles and the unicorns allowed their reins to be taken, but only at the urging of their captured masters.  The surviving villagers that had resisted were put to the sword, save one boy of perhaps sixteen, who was bound and placed upon a horse.  Without a word, they galloped into the fading day and left the villagers to bury the dead and mourn their slain and stolen kin.  They rode as long into the night as they dared for fear of a horse stumbling and breaking a leg.  They made a rough camp in the middle of nowhere and waited for the first light of day to again make safe their journey.  The bandits said nothing to the three captives but often smirked triumphantly.
The journey lasted three days and was rather uneventful, save that it was rather awkward to go about the necessities of life with one’s hands bound fast.  Finally they came to a large village surrounded by a log palisade.  The guards about the gates grinned maliciously upon sighting the prisoners and made several rather rude comments about their fate but otherwise did not hinder their passing.  The horses clattered into the yard of a large stone building and several anxious looking boys ran out and took their reins.  The bandits grinned coldly at the boys but said nothing as they herded the captives into the great house.  They traveled down several darkened corridors with various doors and hallways opening on either side and finally entered a great chamber wherein sat a single large chair in which lounged a middle aged but sinister looking man.  
As the bandits entered they slapped their right arms across their chests in salute and the sinister man said, “and what have you brought me this time Gorip?”  
The leader of the surviving bandits said, “some loot from a miserable little village and three boys who dared stand against us.  We killed the rest of the rebels and brought these three that you might pass judgment upon them.  Two of them are responsible for killing four of my men and the third is just about useless.”
The bandit king did not looked pleased to have lost four of his minions but grinned coldly at the three, saying, “and who might you three be that you dare stand against the mighty Pirates of Silicae?  Do you not know the penalty for such audacity is death?  I am however willing to forgive this little oversight on your behalf if you feel inclined to join us, as I must now replace four of my men and it seems at least two of you know the use of a sword?”  
Garren stepped forward, Cayen looked on with interest, while the village boy looked ready to faint.  Garren said, “what is this place and why do you prey upon those weaker than yourself?”  
The bandit king laughed at Garren’s nerve, saying, “I like your spirit but you must learn to bow before me if you wish to live.  However, I shall humor you for now, but know that such insolence will not always be so easily tolerated.  This splendid little village we call Silicae and it will one day be the capital of a great nation: a nation of pirates!  The menial tasks shall be done by untrained boys, hoping to learn the use of a sword and thus gain admission to our ranks; our wealth shall be taken as our rightful due from anyone foolish enough to live within raiding distance.  I of course shall be the king!  Others will toil away their lives trying to scratch a living from the earth or from some vulgar trade but we shall live as kings off the sweat of others!”
Garren looked aghast, “no country can survive in such a fashion.  How can any mass of men hope to survive outside the bounds of the Common Law?  Will not mutiny from within and force from without destroy you?  The Master certainly will not look kindly upon such a rebellious lot!”  
The bandit king snarled, “I am disappointed you do not share my vision.  With such speech I begin to think you one of those fools who claims to serve the Master!  Everyone knows the Master is either dead or has abandoned humanity to its own devices, if he ever existed in the first place.  You dare quote the Common Law to me?  What is the Common Law but a bunch of rules devised by the thrice-cursed Brethren and forced upon every ruler between the Eastern and Western Seas!  I will not be a pawn and will do as I wish.  Forsake your foolish vows here and now or you can deliver your complaints about me to your precious Master in person!”  
Garren glared at the temerity of the man and said, “I cannot and will not do such a thing.  Live or die, I am in the Master’s keeping.”  
“So be it,” said the bandit king, almost casually as he motioned for Gorip to do as had been promised.  
“Garren!” yelled Cayen, which only earned the boy a slap across the mouth and a growled order to remain silent from the bandit who firmly gripped his shoulders.  A look of surprise and pain crossed Garren’s face and a gasp escaped him as he fell to the floor as Gorip ran him through the chest with his sword.  After a few ragged breaths, he moved no more.  
  Cayen and the village boy looked on in horror; the bandit king laughed grimly, saying, “now that is what rebellion will earn you every time.”  He looked thoughtfully at the boys and said, “I suppose you two are young enough yet not to be completely lost to reason.  Congratulations, you have just joined the merry ranks of the Silicae Pirates.  Do as you are told or you will suffer the same fate as your friend.  Get them out of my sight and somebody clean up this mess!”  
Two bandits came forward to drag away Garren’s body while Gorip and the remaining bandits saluted and roughly drew the boys from their leader’s presence.  Once they were out of the audience chamber, Gorip said, “you two will do well if you obey else I fear you will not live to regret it.  Understood?”  Both boys nodded; the village boy in terror and Cayen with determination, knowing that the task now fell to him to make an end of these renegades or die trying.  Taking their agreement for granted, Gorip said, “our untrained village whelp will be assigned various menial tasks and will learn the use of a sword until he is skilled enough to be let loose in our illustrious ranks.  You, my fine swordsman, will immediately be assigned to a raiding party and thus be out of my hair.  I would put you in my unit but I fear there might be some antipathy from the other men that you killed their comrades and I doubt you would appreciate being in the unit led by the man who killed your friend.  Not that I really care about your preferences, however.  I will just have to find replacements elsewhere.”
They entered the kitchens and the terrified village youth was turned over to a sinister looking man with one arm that served as the supervisor of the untrained recruits.  Cayen was handed over to Harron, the captain of another raiding party.  He looked the boy over but did not seem impressed.  Gorip seemed amused by the man’s reaction.  Harron said, “well come along then, I do not have time to coddle you.”  They walked down a long corridor leading to the storerooms where Cayen was outfitted with what he would need as a neophyte bandit.  He was not pleased to wear a brown leather jerkin emblazoned with a laughing skull.  The others wore a similar uniform but the leather was black.  Cayen supposed it implied he was some sort of trainee or was as yet untrusted by those above him and was to be watched carefully.  They then made their way outside as a great ruckus was coming from the stable.  
Knowing the source, Cayen dashed into the structure and desperately tried to reason with Takar, lest he get himself killed, saying, “I know you have lost Garren but you do not grieve alone!  Do not get yourself killed in vain.  Escape when the chance arises but until then act the silly horse you appear!”  The beast quieted reluctantly and the terrified stable boys crept out of the places where they had sought shelter from the raging beast.  
Harron stood at the door and glared at the boy, “just what do you think you are doing?”  
Cayen said, “he would have torn the stable down around him in his grief.”  
Harron eyed the horse suspiciously and said, “horses do not grieve you fool!  Next time you make such a bold attempt without my permission it shall be the last thing you do.  Understood?”  
Cayen nodded, “yes sir.”  
Harron grinned coldly, “good, now follow me!”  The boy followed meekly and Harron led him to a small hut that slept twelve men.  There were four bunks and the beds were stacked three high.  There were six men in the dark, cramped shack and they stood as their leader entered.  He said, “this wretch is our newest member.  You know the drill.”  They saluted and returned to whatever their captain’s entrance had interrupted.  Cayen was shown which bunk was his and crawled into the bed nearest the ceiling and furthest to the back.  There he mourned the loss of Garren and began to make plans for bringing the bandits to their knees.  He was ignored for the balance of the day and at suppertime was unceremoniously herded to the kitchen to collect his portion of the evening meal.  The terrified village boy and several like him were busy seeing that the hungry throng was fed and the mess cleaned up after they were finished.  After the evening meal, the senior bandits went in search of something alcoholic while those like Cayen were herded back to their respective huts where they were to stay out of mischief.
The bandits returned late and went promptly to bed.  Cayen found little sleep that night but was encouraged to see that he was not the only brown clad boy in the unit.  They had talked briefly before the bandits could return and silence them.  Korin was the son of an independent farmer and had been taken hostage during a bandit raid.  He had started in the kitchen and stables and had been taught the sword, and just today was allowed out of his servitude and expected to join the a raiding party.  He was not happy about his situation in life and knew that their companions in brown were equally dissatisfied, though there were a few who were eager to take part in the thievery.
Cayen wondered to what use he might put such rebellious thoughts.  Most of the other boys were untrained and would be slaughtered if they attempted an uprising, but there had to be a way to use the situation to their advantage.  The other problem was that most of the other boys were terrified, but their desperation might soon overcome their fear if things did not soon change for the better.  Cayen lay awake most of the night trying to come up with some idea for escape else he might soon be made to make the choice between breaking Oath and a swift death and then there would be no one to put a stop to this outrage.  The primordial nations certainly had not the strength or resources to combat such a menace.  Cayen smiled weakly at the thought, if an entire nation could not overcome these scoundrels what chance did he have?
A dingy grey light filtered into the cramped hut as Cayen was rudely awakened from what little sleep he had found that night.  He sighed and wearily rose to face his first day alone.  When he thought he would soon be having his own adventures this is not what he had envisioned.  After a rather bland breakfast, they spent the better part of the day manning the walls and then rode patrol for what remained of the afternoon.  At least it involved nothing that might require Cayen to choose between breaking Oath or sharing Garren’s fate.  When the elder bandits went in search of their nightly ale, the two boys began plotting.  Cayen said, “we need to find a way to dismantle this village of reprobates and end the terror they are wreaking upon the world.”  
Korin said, “why not just find a way to escape and leave it at that?”  
Cayen said, “I was not sent to save my own skin but to put an end to this tragedy.  Neither can I simply run away and leave the others to the bandits or let these scoundrels prey upon the innocent.  I must stop them or die trying.”  
Korin laughed grimly, “the latter is more likely, I think.  Who would send a boy alone into such a place with such a mission?”  
Cayen said, “the Lady of Astoria sent us, I was not alone until they killed my friend and mentor.”  
Korin looked about quickly and said, “you are one of the Brethren?  I have heard strange rumors of your folk; I look forward to seeing your scheme come to fruition.  I shall aid you as I can, much as I would rather save myself I cannot leave the others to the bandits.”
Their conversation was cut short as the drunken bandits returned and sought their beds; Cayen smiled as an idea started to take shape in his mind.  Early the next morning, Harron informed them that they would be going raiding on the morrow.  Cayen wondered just how much longer he would be allowed to live.  The following day they rode off in search of treasure but would more likely return with the various necessities of life.  Money and gold were still fairly new concepts and most peasants still made do with the barter system.  They rode for a tedious five days without encountering another living soul.
Finally, they found a small inn to terrorize on the evening of the fifth day.  The patrons had little of value but the bandits were content to raid the wine cellar and the innkeeper thought it a small price to pay for his life.  Cayen was horrified to see his sister and Becca at the inn, apparently interrupted in the middle of some tale they had been telling.  The two women quickly caught the eye of Harron and several of the elder bandits.  The bandit king had forbidden them from carrying off women along with the boys they often took, as such distractions were not thought necessary and there were enough women voluntarily offering such services within the walls of Silicae, but there was something Harron liked about the younger of the pair and he was determined to have her.
As he approached the pair, both drew their swords and looked ready to go down fighting, but a desperate look from Cayen quickly stayed their swords.  Harron laughed, “I admire your spirit lass but you will not be needing that.  Put away the sword, come quietly, and I will spare the life of your friend here.  Understand?”  The girl nodded glumly but complied, hoping her brother might keep her from harm.  Becca made to protest but Tabitha and Cayen both looked at her with pleading eyes and she reluctantly allowed the girl to be taken.  She sheathed her blade and sat at a table in the far back and glowered at the men who dared steal her apprentice.  Harron laughed and shoved the girl at Cayen and Korin, saying, “take her to one of the rooms and keep her out of mischief.  I will have your heads if anything happens to her.  I think our beloved leader will be quite happy with such a catch.”  Though he was defying orders, Harron hoped to gain favor in his leader’s eyes by giving him such an exquisite creature.  The two boys saluted in the manner of their captors and gently led Tabitha away.  
Once alone in a spare guest room, Tabitha flung her arms around Cayen and wept tears of fright and horror.  Once she had quieted she said, “what ever are you doing in the company of these scoundrels?”
Cayen sighed, “the Lady sent Garren and I to put an end to these rogues.  We were captured and Garren was slain.  I was conscripted into their service.  We need to find a way to end their tyranny, and now we have no time to lose as who knows what they intend to do with you?”  
Tabitha fought back tears once more, “oh, Cayen I am sorry!  What are we to do?”
Korin said quietly, “I think they intend to buy the bandit king’s favor by giving this young lady to him and nothing good can come of such an offer!  How do you know this girl?”
Cayen said, “she is my sister and also one of the Brethren, though only recently sworn to such service.  We must keep her safe at any cost.”
Korin nodded grimly, “what must we do?”
Just then the door banged open and Harron glared at the boys suspiciously, but seeing that they were not up to anything treacherous, he withdrew without comment.  Cayen said, “I think we can somehow use their nightly drinking habit to our advantage but I am not quite sure how?”
Tabitha brightened, “what is this habit you speak of?”  
Korin said, “every night after supper they all get together and consume copious amounts of alcohol and come to bed quite late and very drunk.”  
Tabitha smiled mischievously, “I think there might be a way to make them sleep long into the morning.  The hard part will be procuring the necessary herb.  Becca knows much about the uses of certain plants and has taught me a little.  There is a certain weed, that when combined with alcohol, becomes quite a potent sleeping agent.”  
Korin said, “several of the other boys spend much time in the gardens or tending livestock outside the village.  Where does this plant grow?”  
Tabitha said, “it grows along the banks of certain streams and seems to like open meadows and grasslands.”
Cayen smiled, “perfect, now all we have to do is learn what the plant looks like and recruit the other boys to help without drawing suspicion.”  
Tabitha sketched a rough outline of the plant on the floor using a piece of charcoal.  It had quite a unique leaf structure and both boys thought it would be easy enough to explain to the others.  But how to get the men to drink it?  Cayen asked, “does this weed need to be consumed with the ale or can we slip it into the evening meal?”  
Tabitha said, “that might be the only way to get the plant into them.  Now what do we do when the fiends are asleep?  We cannot simply ride off and leave them loose but neither do I feel comfortable slitting their throats!”  
Cayen looked grim, “they have certainly committed crimes enough to be worthy of death but I do not think I could deal it out to them.”  Harron came into the room and this time did not leave.  They were all forced to go to bed with the question of what to do with the bandits still buzzing in their minds.
Having captured such a valuable asset, Harron decided that he must immediately deliver said prize to the bandit king (and thus hasten his promotion).  He assigned half of his men to continue the patrol and the rest of them rode off to escort Tabitha to her new home.  Becca followed at a distance and the two younger Brethren were encouraged by her presence, though she must keep her distance.  They arrived home earlier than expected, with only half their number, and with a woman in tow, which made the guards very curious and concerned about what had happened upon their journey.  The bandit king was at first furious but then quite pleased with the gift.  Tabitha was disgusted by the prospect and Harron was disappointed to learn that the bandit king’s reward for his efforts would be to spare his life for disobeying orders.  He was immediately dismissed with the rest of his men to regroup with the rest of their raiding party, leaving Tabitha alone in the clutches of the sinister man.
When they were alone in the audience chamber, he said, “you are quite an impressive creature and I will not force myself upon you, though I hope to one day have you willingly.  Whatever your wish, I shall grant it.”  
Tabitha drew herself up and said, “I want my freedom and wish that you will cease these raids, disperse your horde of bandits, and all lead honorable lives.”
He laughed her to scorn, “and I suppose you would have the moon on a string to wear around your neck!  I will only grant reasonable requests.  You can serve in the kitchens until you decide to take me up on my offer.  Take too long to decide and I may just throw you to my men!”  He clapped his hands and two bandits hustled the insolent girl from his presence.
She made good use of her time and quickly recruited several of her fellow captives into their scheme; they passed word along to those who served in the fields or kept the livestock.  It was not long before the plant was discovered and a good supply was laid by, but they must await the return of Cayen and Korin before Tabitha would act.  The boys returned a week later, neither having done anything more sinister than standing watch while the others went about the raiding.  As he collected his evening meal, Tabitha said to Cayen, “we have enough of the weed and shall be ready to act tomorrow night.  I suggest you avoid the soup at supper.  You had best decide what to do with these renegades by tomorrow night!”
Cayen nodded and hustled out of line after a rather nasty glare from the man behind him.  Tabitha was desperate to act soon, for it seemed her safety was not ensured much longer.  Many of the men were giving her rather horrible looks and the bandit king was growing less patient by the hour.  Word was passed along to most of the captive boys, though they tried to keep the scheme hidden from those who gladly joined ranks with the bandits.  Finally, the eventful night came, but word had reached some of the more devious boys and they bided their time, hoping to gain favor in the eyes of the bandit king, if not replace him completely.  The soup was quite good that night and most of the bandits consumed much of it while the boys refrained and gnawed hopefully at their bread.
After the meal, the bandits went in search of their nightly ale.  The untrustworthy boys watched in anticipation and prepared to act against the would-be rebels.  The bandits drank their fill and tried stumbling back to bed, only to fall asleep wherever they happened to be, some in mid sip.  Cayen, Korin, and the other boys among the ranks of the raiding parties armed the others as best they could though some had very little training.  As this was being done, some of the bandits that had skipped the soup or the ale and a dozen of the more disagreeable boys made their presence known.  Gorip sneered, “and what are you runts about tonight?  Mutiny is it?  I think all of you will die for this.  A pity, since I do not know how we will get the dishes done from here on out.”  He drew his sword and all chaos broke loose.  Four unicorns jumped into the fray along with Becca and two of the Brethren astride their own mounts.  Overwhelmed by the terror inspired by the unmasked unicorns, the villains dropped their guard for a crucial moment and many of them were slain.  Cayen quickly ordered the less experienced and more timid boys out of the village.  They gladly fled into the night; the rest fought for their lives.
The battle was fierce but short and all but two of the bandits were slain.  Gorip and Krill, the biggest of the sinister boys, ran to the storeroom and commandeered a supply of lamp oil and flung it into the bonfire burning at the center of the village.  Gorip sneered, “you will not take us alive you fools!”  Seeing that the blaze would quickly consume the village, the Brethren quickly swept the remaining boys into the saddle before and behind them and fled ahead of the fire.  Even the aggrieved Takar allowed Korin and two other boys to escape upon his back.  The flames quickly engulfed the entire village and all the sleeping bandits with it.  The Brethren looked on in horror, not wishing such an end even for such despicable characters.  They did not stay long, as the blaze was not content with the fortress and soon set the prairie afire.  Only the speed of the unicorns spared their lives.
Gorip and Krill used the maelstrom to shield their escape and crossed the nearby river to safety and disappeared into the night, not seeming to care that they had just killed all their comrades that currently slept in the village.  Thus ended the threat of the bandits.  The boys either returned home or made the long journey afoot to Astoria to learn more of those who had saved them from such a grim fate.  Becca had gone in search of the nearest of the Brethren she could find and had been able to locate a Warrior and his apprentice within a day’s ride; they had bided their time until the opportune moment.


Chapter 7

After Takar had seen justice done for Garren, he accompanied Cayen back to Astoria.  Becca and Tabitha resumed their duties in the area, as did the Warrior and his apprentice.  Korin wished to accompany Cayen on the long journey home; he was more than happy to have company, especially so soon after losing Garren.  Cayen’s mount was more than happy to carry the boy but strangely, Takar seemed intent on bearing the boy, though he would not heed his cues or requests.  Korin might as well have tried moving the tides as directing the unicorn.  Cayen wondered at the unicorn’s willingness to carry one not of the Brethren, a thing rarely done save in dire need and at the request of the creature’s rider; it was a thing unheard of to have a unicorn do it of his own volition!  Cayen had expected the mourning creature to vanish into the distance at the first possible moment to heal in his own way but such was the determination of Takar to do his duty that he would not be gainsaid in the matter.  He also had high hopes that once they reach Astoria, Korin might make a certain, momentous decision.  The boy certainly had the heart for such service.  They traveled in this way for many days and finally reached Astoria.  
The Lady was pleased to have the threat of the bandits ended but she was sorely grieved to lose Garren, who had been her dearest friend since childhood.  Cayen’s heart was moved to see the Lady in such distress but she quickly regained control of herself and said to Korin, “you are welcome to stay as long as you wish, and I hope you can find in Astoria whatever it is you truly seek.”
Korin bowed awkwardly and said, “I have been impressed by your servants Lady and look forward to learning more of the Master and the Brethren.”  
The Lady smiled sadly, “then perhaps one day I shall also have the honor of your service.”  The boy blushed, bowed, and nearly fled from her presence.  Cayen bowed himself from her presence and hurried after his friend.  He found him at the end of the corridor, which ended abruptly in the open air.  The castle was well underway but it would still be years before it was finished.  Cayen thought it a much more worthy structure to house the Lady than the simple house it had replaced.  
Cayen said to his friend, “why are you so embarrassed?  Even the bandits did not provoke such a response and your current circumstances are far less dire!”  
Korin laughed, “I have never stood before such an auspicious person before, especially one who treated me with such magnanimity!  Can I truly join the Brethren?  I would be honored to serve such a woman.  Perhaps I should learn more of your ways and the Master before committing to anything but what I have seen has certainly made me curious and eager to learn more of you.”
Cayen laughed, remembering his own excitement to join the Brethren and quickly began answering the boy’s myriad questions.  Soon enough Korin joined the ranks of the Brethren and Takar found himself a new rider.  Cayen hoped that Korin might be allowed to apprentice with him, but was not sure that he was experienced enough for such a duty and the fact that they were so close together in age and such good friends did not make it a likely scenario either; the Lady seemed to agree as she apprenticed the boy to a Messenger called Taryl.  Soon after returning to Astoria, Cayen found himself again dispatched on another vital mission, but such was the life he had chosen.  His quest was to see that all of the surviving Silicae Pirates had been dispersed and had not returned to banditry.  
He was to make sure no one tried to reorganize and reestablish the now defunct group.  Most of the bandits had been killed in the fire but there must have been at least two or three raiding parties abroad at the time that escaped the inferno.  How he was to confront three dozen men if they decided to be problematic, Cayen had no idea, but he rode off eager to begin his first official solo mission.  The journey was made quickly and Cayen found he had little to fear from amassing bandits.  The once hostage boys who had returned to their homes told many tales which inspired the locals to act in their own best interest in putting an end to such scoundrels.  The surviving bandits soon found themselves the targets of the combined nations and various independent villages thus their tyranny was soon ended.  Those who were not caught and brought to justice quietly disappeared into ignominy or found somewhere else to frequent.  Cayen was pleased to have the situation resolved but a little disappointed that his first adventure had ended before it was begun.
He was in a little village on the forested edge of the Central Plains, trying to gain information on the current state of the bandits and was hearing again what he had heard in a dozen other villages.  His curiosity satisfied, he decided to ride back to Astoria on the morrow to discover what else the Lady had for him to do.  “Why do you ask such questions?” asked the woman to whom he had been speaking, “Why does one so young care about such matters?  You should be out chasing the girls or having an adventure, not worrying about the concerns of complete strangers.  Your interest fascinates me.”  
Cayen smiled shyly, “I was sent to make sure this threat to innocent people was well and truly ended and it seems that it is.  Why do I care about ‘complete strangers?’  Even though you are not known to me, you are known to and loved by the Master and thus your concerns are my concerns.”  
The woman smiled, “you are one of the Brethren then, but you seem so young?”  
The boy laughed, “I am only eighteen and this is my first chance to go it alone, but it seems you can do well enough without my interference.”  
The lady smiled, “we appreciate your efforts nonetheless.  For such a youngster you possess a great deal of wisdom and confidence.  I hate to importune you, but since you are currently in need of some valiant quest, I may have just the thing.  We do not like to trouble outsiders with our own griefs but you seem an honorable man.”  Cayen eyed her curiously but followed quietly.
They made their way to the edge of the village, there in small house sat a weeping woman.  “Kara?” said his guide, “May we come in?”  There was no answer and the woman took this as an affirmative.  The morose woman looked up briefly, but no curiosity or joy could be found in her eyes, only utter despair.  
“Madam, what troubles you so?” asked the boy.  Kara’s only response was to intensify her weeping.  
His guide said quietly, “three sinister men came through the village yesterday evening and made off with Kara’s only child.  Several men went in pursuit, including the boy’s father, but none have returned.  We fear the worst.  This is a terrible thing I ask, but can you find these men and rescue the child?”  
Cayen said grimly, “I shall do as you ask or die trying.”  The woman nodded her thanks and tried to comfort the grieving Kara.  Cayen stepped out into the afternoon sun but found no warmth in the cheery light.  He questioned a few of the other villagers about what had transpired and received a little information and many thanks for his attempts to help the stricken Kara.  He mounted and was soon in close pursuit of the perpetrators.
The recent rains made the tracks of his prey obvious in the soft mud of the road, though the tracks of the villains were obscured by those of the village men who had gone in pursuit of the missing boy.  He was not an hour beyond the village when he found the remains of the encounter between the villagers and the kidnappers.  The road had been reduced to a slough, three men lay in the muck, two dead and one severely injured.  He could do little for the slain men but he drew the injured man out of the mire and gave him some water.  The man roused with the attention and at first seemed terrified but then relaxed as he realized help had come.  “What happened?” asked Cayen, “I just rode through your village and am come in pursuit of the child and the men who fled with him.”  
The man’s voice croaked as he tried to speak but finally words came, “we gave chase, those of us as had horses and some skill in fighting.  They were waiting for us and felled my friends with arrows and then came after me with their swords.  They left me for dead and rode off without a backwards glance.  You must catch them!”  
Cayen said, “I will but what about you?  You will not survive if you are left here alone.”  
The man nodded grimly saying, “I am as good as dead anyway.  My wounds were not immediately fatal but that does not mean they will not kill me eventually.”  He lifted his shirt that Cayen might see the wounds on his torso.  Several were deep and already red and angry.  The wound fever would take him before long.  “Forget me,” said the man, “save my son!  Let us not have died in vain.”  
Cayen reluctantly rose to his feet and left the dying man propped against an obliging tree.  He gained his saddle and said quietly as he turned his mount, “may the Master ride with you!”  He rode away and it was the hardest thing he ever did.
With the would-be rescuers dead, there was now nothing to mar the tracks of the villains.  Cayen hoped he would face death as calmly as the villager had, but hopefully that day would be long in coming.  He thought wistfully of Garren, musing that death was not only an inherent part of their duties but also of life itself.  He had much yet he wanted to do but was also willing to face death when it came.  Some part of him even yearned for it in a strange way, if only to know what lay beyond.  Those that trusted fully in the Master had no reason to fear death but this did not mean he was suicidal.  As such, he and his mount were ever watchful for another ambush like the one that had felled the villagers.  Night was falling as they found the place where the men had left the road and sought shelter in the surrounding woods.  The tracks were fresh, very fresh.  Cautiously they approached where the villains had apparently spent the balance of the day.  The fiends must be nearby, for there was no sign that they had returned to the road.  Cayen thought they might resume their travel under the cover of dark.  He wondered why they were not still in their camp.  His unicorn screamed, he felt the creature fall, and knew no more.
He came slowly to himself.  His head hurt and his muscles protested their awkward position.  Suddenly he remembered where he was and why.  He opened his eyes and saw that evening had faded into full dark and not even the moon gave its light.  His muscles ached, not from the fall but from the cruel ropes binding him to a tree.  As he had anticipated, there were three men watching him expectantly.  What he did not expect was to recognize all of them.  Krill and Gorip he remembered only too well from his adventures in Silicae; he was not surprised to see them involved in such an endeavor but began to wonder what profit was in it for them.  The third man was more of a shock: he stared into the eyes of his father.  The little boy lay nearby with hands and feet bound, eyes wide with fear, but otherwise unharmed.  
“Amazing,” said Malion, “I never thought to see you again boy, let alone riding for such a disreputable lot as the Brethren but then your mother never did listen to me.  If she had had any sense she would have let me take you when I came for you, but fate has smiled upon you and I can now offer you the choice your mother so cruelly denied you.  You have dedicated your life to a hopeless cause!  You are a slave to a woman who is little more than a child herself and serve in the name of a defeated master.  Humanity will descend into chaos and evil and only the strong will survive.  I now offer you the chance to join us this night and become one of the survivors, else you will die with all those that defy us, save perhaps a little sooner than the rest.  What say you?”
Cayen stared at the man who stood before him but he did not recognize the man he once called father.  He might be the same in face and feature but the person he once had been was long dead.  Cayen said, “what exactly are you asking me to join?”  
Malion laughed coldly, “we are a group of men interested in ultimate power and have come to realize that it is not found in the Master or even in human ingenuity but by the very force that led to the death of the Master and the downfall of creation!  We serve the one who is so mighty he will not even reveal his name to mere mortals.”  
Cayen gaped, “you ask me to forsake the Master and side with the Evil One!  Who would dare dabble with such powers?  You are mad!”  
Malion slapped the insolent boy, “you are the fool!  I offer you a chance at life and power unthinkable and you deny me to pursue a creature already dead!  So be it!  I am glad your mother carried you away.  You are pathetic and we need none of your weakness within our ranks.”  
He turned to his two associates, “you are both certain this is what you want?  Certain enough to risk your very souls upon it?”  Gorip and Krill nodded eagerly, hungry for the promised power.  Malion smiled maliciously, “very good, let us begin.”  
Krill said, “what exactly do we need this fool for?  What about the child?”  
Malion smiled cruelly, “we no longer need the child.  My idiot son will prove a much more satisfying victim.  This rite demands innocent blood, therefore it must involve either a child or one of the fools calling themselves the Brethren.  I prefer the latter.”
Gorip said, “I look forward to killing him for what he did to the rest of the Pirates, but why does killing one more make any difference?  I am sure we have all killed many innocents over the course of our lives.”  
Malion smirked, “that is the beautiful thing.  This serves to signify your utter devotion to our Nameless Master and such vows must be sealed with blood.  So it was at the fall when the Master chose to interfere.  So also are the Brethren sealed with the blood of their precious unicorns.  While you have killed before, it has always been for other reasons: to save your own lives, to gain some treasure, or simply for the pleasure of it.  This time you kill solely to please our master and thereby show him your devotion.  Any more foolish questions or can we proceed?”
Both nodded eagerly and Malion said in a formal voice, deep and sinister, “you have gathered here for the express purpose of swearing yourselves body and soul to the Nameless One.  By completing this ritual you will indeed belong to him forever and anon.  In so doing you forsake all other masters and callings upon your life and swear yourself solely to him and thereby gain those powers promised to all those who are faithful.  Failure to abide by your vows shall mean a certain and terrible death.  Drawing aside even now will result in the same.  As will failure for any reason.  Do you understand and agree to serve as you have promised in exchange for powers dark and terrible?”  Both men nodded eagerly and drew their daggers.  Malion smiled wickedly at his pathetic excuse for a son and said, “then proceed.”  Cayen stared defiantly at his father as the two acolytes of evil approached with their daggers raised.  They both struck at the same time and plunged the blades deep into Cayen’s chest.  He groaned with the pain and slumped against his bonds.  As they withdrew the knives, Malion said, “taste of his blood and you are sworn to us.”  
Darkness took Cayen once more.  He came again to himself but something was not right.  The villains were still standing before him with fiendish delight writ large on their faces.  Then Cayen realized he was looking not only at the fiends but also at his own slumped form yet bound to the tree.  Cayen’s mind spun, trying to understand how this might be possible but an excited whicker drew his attention.  His unicorn stood nearby, though Cayen was sure the creature had been slain with arrows.  Cayen gaped in astonishment when he saw Garren standing beside the ecstatic unicorn.  Cayen was not having trouble comprehending that he was well and truly dead but in trying to understand what was happening.  This was not what he had thought eternity would be like. 
As if reading his mind, Garren smiled, saying, “relax, this is not eternity.”
Cayen embraced his friend and said, “that is good to know.  I did not think it plausible that we spend eternity as wandering spirits.  If this is not what usually greets one upon death, then what is it?”  
Garren smiled, “the Master yet has things for you to accomplish.  One day you will die properly, as it were, but for now you are only temporarily in that state.”
“I do not understand,” said Cayen.  
Garren laughed, “there are things you must see and hear that a living man cannot witness and it is upon these things you must act.  Let us attend to your murderous friends.”  Cayen nodded in some confusion but focused his attention on his killers.  
Malion said, “well?”  
Krill and Gorip grinned broadly.  Krill said, “this is amazing!  I wish we had known of this sooner.  What terrible things we can now do!  I feel as if I could destroy the entire world or not, depending upon my whims.”
Malion growled, “you have gained great power, but remember to whom your allegiance is owed.  Fail to serve properly and the power will also forsake you.  You will do nothing without the leave of your masters.”  The two men nodded grimly, their power came with a cost far greater than they could yet imagine.  They had many strange new powers but were no longer their own masters.
“Now,” said Malion, “that you are bound to us, I think it safe to tell you what your first assignment shall be.  You two have experience with banditry and murder, now I want to use those skills for a much more insidious purpose.  In your last endeavor you held certain boys against their will.  This time, you are going to convince an entire nation to do the same.”
“What are you talking about?” asked Gorip.  
Malion grinned coldly, “killing a man is all well and good but our master has a much more enjoyable idea.  Killing a man ends his mortal sufferings and thus our master’s pleasure.  What we are now about to attempt is to make those sufferings a daily struggle for a long and productive lifetime.  The Brethren prattle on about the great value the Master places on each individual soul, whereas our master sees men for what they truly are: cattle.  Your job is to convince the southern nation of Ghura that men are nothing more than commodities to be exploited or sold.  We shall call this charming new concept slavery.”  
Krill smiled thoughtfully, “I like it.  A little more misery in the world cannot be a bad thing.  Too bad this fool had to die.  It would have been so much more rewarding to watch him toil away his life in vain and hopeless labor.  I think I like the concept very much.”  Gorip arched an eyebrow but said nothing, a pleased smile played across his lips.  
Malion nodded, “if there is nothing further, ride to Ghura and meet a man called Zurch at the largest inn in the capital city.  He is expecting you.”  They mounted their horses and disappeared into the night, leaving the corpse and the bound child for the scavengers.
Cayen shuddered at such a terrible thought, “who could do such a thing to their fellow men?”  
Garren shook his head sadly, “it is frightening what the hearts of men can conceive when they utterly abandon all that is right and good.  We shall meet again one day.  Farewell!”  With these words, Garren suddenly vanished, leaving Cayen alone with his unicorn.  Before he could wonder what to do next, he felt a Presence that drove him to his knees with head bowed.  He felt his gaze drawn upwards and his eyes met those of the Master.  Such eyes no mortal had ever seen and was later able to describe.  Their depth was greater than that of the endless starry sky and therein mingled sorrow and love in infinite supply.
Cayen felt himself drowning in their depths but the Master’s firm voice called him back, saying, “you faced death well in My name, but for now I must ask that you continue to face life with such integrity.  You know what you must do.  One day I shall call you home but you yet have much to do.  I shall ever be with you.”  Suddenly the Master was gone and Cayen found himself once again drawing breath with his equally lively unicorn beside him.  He glanced at the tree where he had met his demise but there was no longer a corpse slumped in the ropes.  He glanced down at his tunic and smiled.  Apparently the Master could restore the dead to life but cared little for their attire.  A bloody hole gaped in his shirt but he pulled his spare tunic from his saddlebags and was soon presentable.  Then he remembered the child.
The little boy gaped in astonishment and horror.  He did not quite understand what had come to pass in the little clearing but he knew the man and horse should not be walking about as they were.  Cayen untied the boy, who could not decide whether to run or throw himself into the man’s arms and cry.  He finally decided upon the latter and had soon cried away the terror of the past day.  Cayen made to lift the boy into the stallion’s saddle but stumbled with weakness as he did so.  Taking a closer look at his unicorn, he realized the creature looked weary, as if he had been run near to death.  Apparently dying was not as easy on the body as he had supposed.  He finally got the boy into the saddle and tried to mount himself, only succeeding on the third try.  
Famir set out at a pace that even a normal horse could maintain for great distances, but it was slow by unicorn standards.  Soon enough they reached the boggy place in the road where the others had fallen.  He wondered if the sole survivor yet clung to life.  He nearly fell out of his saddle when he saw what lay before him.  The child squealed in delight as his father took him in his arms and held him tight.  His two dead companions were equally healthy, though they too seemed on the verge of collapse.  Cayen slid from his saddle and leaned against Famir for support but even this small weight seemed likely to topple the unicorn.  Cayen said to the quite healed man, “what happened?  When I left you, your friends were dead and you were not much better off yourself!”
The man laughed, “I do not know if I succumbed to my wounds or fell into some sort of sleep but a great unicorn appeared to me and said I had things yet to accomplish.  He also bid me seek him out and serve him with all my heart.  I am not sure what that means but I awoke and my wounds were gone but I am deadly tired.  My companions have a similar story.  What of your adventures in rescuing my boy?”  Cayen briefly recounted his own deadly encounter and seemed to impress the three men.  “That was the Master!” said the boy’s father, “How am I ever to serve Him?  I can think of no greater honor but I cannot abandon my family to ride across the world and fight evil.”  
Cayen laughed, “it is not only the duty of the Brethren to serve the Master but that of every man.  You can serve the Master in whatever you do and He would not have you abandon your family to join the Brethren.  Perhaps when your children are grown you may consider such a calling but for now seek Him with a fervent heart and serve your family and your neighbors.”  The man seemed relieved at Cayen’s words, but the other two wanted to know more about the Brethren as they were not yet married so were more open to such an idea.
Cayen was encouraged by their enthusiasm but said, “before we all fall down from exhaustion, let me ride to the village and send someone back to collect you.  As we recover from our encounter with death there will be plenty of time to discuss such things.”  The others agreed and were soon resting comfortably as Cayen once again mounted and set off towards the village.  
He rode into the village and the distraught Kara met him immediately; her heart fell as she saw he rode alone.  She said sadly, “you could not find my husband or the boy?”  
Cayen smiled, “weep not lady, for they are both safe, as are the two others that went in pursuit of the villains.  They are just greatly in need of rest.  Can someone be sent with a wagon to fetch them?  They are not an hour away from here.”  Kara rejoiced at his words but saw he was ready to fall from his saddle and his mount was in no better shape.  She quickly roused the village, which saw to the comfort of their guests and went to fetch the errant villagers.  Cayen was several weeks in recovering and chafed to think that Krill and Gorip had so great a lead on him but he could not pursue them if he killed himself by riding while exhausted.  The time was not wasted however as the villagers were anxious to hear of the Master; the two boys who had attempted to rescue the child were determined to ride to Astoria when their strength was restored.  Finally, the day of their parting came and the villagers bid them a fond farewell.


Chapter 8

As Cayen was mounting to leave, Famir whinnied eagerly and two equine voices answered back.  Looking in the direction from which the greeting had come, Cayen smiled to see Korin and Taryl ride into the village.  The three Brethren dismounted and exchanged greetings.  Cayen only knew Taryl by reputation but he was delighted to see both of his comrades, especially with the task before him.  He said to Taryl, “are you two perhaps in the midst of some quest that cannot be interrupted?”  
Taryl laughed, “I am not sure I like what that question implies!  We have just finished our latest assignment and were riding home.  What misadventure are you hoping to draft us into?”  Cayen quickly told his tale and astonished both of the newcomers.  
Taryl said, “we will certainly aid you in such an endeavor.  Have you informed the Lady?”  
Cayen said, “there are two boys in this village who will soon be on their way to Astoria.  I thought to send word with them.”  As if summoned, the boys wandered over and Cayen explained the situation and his need for their aid.  They at first wanted to go on such an adventure themselves, but Taryl would not hear of it; finally they said they would ride immediately for Astoria and deliver whatever message Cayen sent.  This accomplished, they set out immediately for Ghura.  Korin was ecstatic to be reunited with his friend and eager to pursue an adventure together; Cayen was just happy not to have to attempt such a task alone.  They rode as quickly as they could, hoping to catch the two sinister men though they had nearly a month’s lead.  While the unicorns could cover ground much faster than a normal horse, the fiends would still have several weeks to gain influence over the King of Ghura before the Brethren could arrive.  Cayen only hoped the Lady had an advisor to the King that might counteract the influence of the sinister men.

Ehaton stood before the King of Ghura with three rather sinister men bound beside him.  The Lady had sent him to the south of the world that he might be of aid in maintaining order and dispensing justice during the upheaval as civilization established itself.  The three were all that had survived their encounter with the young Warrior.  The boy had a slight limp after his encounter with Malion two years ago, but this did not hinder his fighting abilities and perhaps gave him a slight advantage as it caused others to underestimate him.  The fools had somewhere found themselves a few swords and had thought to use them to illicitly make their fortune.  With no one to teach them, they invented their own technique.  While a terror to unarmed peasants, they were no match for even one trained Warrior.  Ehaton had killed two of their number before these three had been wise enough to surrender.  He was just about to present his case before the King of that little country (as were all countries in those days) when three men burst into the hall.  
The King did not look pleased to be so interrupted but said, “with what may I help you Zurch, I was in the middle of something so this had best be important?”  Zurch eyed the four men before the King and unpleasant thoughts sparkled in his eyes.  Ehaton shuddered as he approached, the man’s very presence repulsed him.  The man’s two companions were no better and seemed far less prone to even a semblance of civility as Zurch at least attempted to portray.
“Yes Majesty,” said Zurch greasily, “this is of the utmost importance.  I see you are fraternizing with one of those fools calling themselves the Brethren.  Does it not seem strange to you that mere mortals would go about claiming the authority of the Master?  I think it quite unfair to the peasants and even more so to our most beloved aristocracy that such a thing is allowed.  Why should they have such influence in the world when it is quite obvious that you and your fellow rulers are truly blessed by the Master and destined to rule?  What can you gain from such charlatans but treachery?  I have a proposal to make that will expand the borders of your country and greatly enrich yourself.  Dismiss this fool and we shall discuss truly important matters.  As to these three he wishes to accuse before you, let them be given into my keeping and we shall see what may come of them.”  
The King seemed entranced at the proposal, saying, “this is certainly an excellent idea.  If you will excuse us please, I have other matters to attend to.”  Ehaton had no choice but to bow politely and withdraw, abandoning his prisoners to the sinister man.  He wished to protest but something told him that it would avail nothing and just add seeming proof to Zurch’s false claims.  He found a servant and asked after Jarbin, the Lady’s advisor to the King.  The man seemed affronted by Ehaton’s temerity in such a request but led him to the man in question.
Jarbin greeted his comrade warmly, saying, “and to what do I owe the pleasure of your visit?  Has the Lady a message for me?  It is good to know I am not forgotten here in the backend of the world.”  
Ehaton laughed, “nay friend, I have no message from the Lady but bring disturbing news regarding the King.  I was standing before him with three bandits that he might decide their fate when a man called Zurch entered the hall with two vile men in tow.  I do not know what influence the man had over the King but I was dismissed and my captives taken from me without their case being heard.  No good can come of this.  I do not know if I will again be allowed before the King, but as the Lady’s envoy, I had hoped you might.  There is some sinister plan in the making but I do not know how to stop it or even what it is.”  
Jarbin nodded grimly, “these are fell tidings.  The King is sadly a man that easily falls under the influence of others; I am ever busy trying to keep nefarious men from leading him astray.  Thankfully, he listens to my advice as eagerly as he heeds all others.  I shall certainly keep a close eye upon him.  Zurch is a peculiar man and one that has far too much influence with the King though he has no formal training, position, or title.  He simply appeared one day with no history and no claims to make him a fit advisor to the King but somehow that is what he managed to become.  I do not like this news that he has found himself a pair of helpers.  If you have no pressing duties, I beg that you remain in Ghura until this matter is resolved.”  Ehaton bowed his head in acquiescence and they began plotting how to protect the King and the people of Ghura.

Zurch watched Ehaton leave with a pleased smile on his face and then turned back to the King, “well done Majesty.  You do well to keep such infidels in their place lest they corrupt your rule.  Now I shall tell you my proposal that will make Ghura the envy and terror of the world.  As you are well aware, certain individuals are stronger, smarter, and more valuable than other individuals.  My question to you is what makes these lesser individuals think that they can avoid giving their proper due to their superiors?  The Brethren would have us believe that all men are equal in the eyes of the Master but we all know the Master dead, leaving man to his own devices.
Only the meddling of the Brethren keeps men from attaining their rightful destiny where the superior members of the race oversee all aspects of our destiny while lesser men abide by our wishes and direction in attaining it.  Lesser men were made to serve greater men that together all might prosper.  The Brethren only cause trouble by telling the peasants that they are on an equal footing with the ruling class!  Why, total chaos will result if the commonfolk forsake their proper place within society.  What I am proposing is this: the peasants are allowed too much freedom and say in their own lives.  Thus much effort and time is wasted which might be directed into more productive channels and thereby benefit all mankind.  Let us abandon the foolishness of the Brethren and the resulting chaos and manage humanity as all other aspects of life are managed.”
The King nodded vaguely, not fully aware of what he was agreeing to but fully convinced of its value.  Zurch smiled deeply, “your Majesty is wise indeed.  Now let us pass laws that require all those accused of any crime, those with rebellious thoughts, and those who fail to pay their proper due to their superiors be set to work for the benefit of others.  Let others oversee all aspects of their lives from what they do with their time, what tasks they perform, where they live, and even whom they marry.  The lesser beasts serve mankind and serve him well but only after being properly tamed.  Think what we could do if we could tame the peasantry in just such a fashion!  Of course there must be severe repercussions for those who fail to abide by such dictums.  Fear for their lives is the only thing that will bring such a revolution about but think of the glories that will attend the change!  Who wants servants when one can have slaves?  Your reign shall surely prove a model for all those who follow after.  What say you Majesty?”  Again the King nodded vaguely.  
“Excellent,” said Zurch, “I happen to have a document for just such an occasion.  All you need do is sign it, then I shall send my faithful servants to oversee its immediate implementation while I shall stay beside you to advise you in your new position as the most powerful man in the world.”  The King signed the document, unaware of the terrible repercussions it would have upon his rule and people. 
Zurch laughed and said to the three bandits that stood before him in astonishment, “and what will become of you three?  I need willing captains to oversee the implementation of this great scheme else I can hand you over to the headsman?  The choice is certainly yours but I can see you are gentlemen of opportunity, who wish to make the best of a strange situation.  Well?”  The three nodded eagerly, grateful for a second chance at not only life but power at the expense of others.  Zurch nodded, “excellent then I release you to my two comrades, they shall see to your further orders and duties but I expect much of you.”  Again they nodded eagerly.  Zurch then handed the signed orders to Krill and dismissed the five to begin implementing his plans, while he remained with the King to prevent unforeseen interference in his scheme.  If left alone too long the fool might start second guessing what he had done under the influence of Zurch’s dark powers.
Krill, Gorip, and their three captains then went to institute Zurch’s scheme.  They sent messengers to all the lords and major villages while they sought out the Guard and began reassigning men with a ‘proper’ attitude to positions of influence, that they might enact the new directive immediately.  Within a few days, the groundwork had been laid and the nefarious new system was ready to take shape.  A few had tried to resist its implementation but they had been threatened with their lives and all but one relented, and he was no longer around to cause problems.  With the nobility cowed, the Guard complicit, the King subdued, and the peasants left without a choice, there seemed nothing to stop the growth of this insidious weed.
Zurch anticipated its spread to the ends of the earth and the chaos that would ensue.  The Nameless One wished to destroy or corrupt all men, but barring that, utter chaos and a majority of humanity in chains would suffice for the present.  The only resistance of course came from the Brethren, but Zurch had anticipated as much and took pains to make sure they did not interfere.  Ehaton had just finished speaking with Jarbin and was about to leave, when the door to the man’s tiny chamber burst open and six armed men crowded in.  Both of the Brethren reached for their swords, but after realizing the odds against them, let the weapons fall and surrendered quietly.  
“Very good,” laughed Krill, “I had hoped to be forced to make an end of you but this will work just as well.  The King wants to see both of you and I do not think he is in a forgiving mood.”
“What right have you to arrest either of us?” said Jarbin quietly, but with an edge of steel in his voice.  
Krill laughed, “there is a new order of things in Ghura and soon enough the whole world.  We are come to establish the way things should always have been.  Now the only excuse any of us needs to arrest anyone is that we think we should.  If I say you are guilty you are guilty.  Now come along.  Your heresy may well cost you your lives.”  Their hands were bound and they were led back to the hall wherein the King yet sat in a fog.  He did not blink or even look in the direction of the little parade as it entered; he just sat gazing into space.  
“Well met,” sneered Zurch, “I am glad to see both of you were conspiring together that I may deal with you at once.  It is no good thing to have one of you running about unaccounted for.  Now are there any others of your foul brood on the loose?”  Both men shook their heads.  Zurch continued, “excellent.  Now the question is what to do with you?  I certainly cannot have you running loose and informing your precious Lady about my little scheme until all is firmly established and much more resistant to being uprooted or destroyed.  I doubt you will change your heretical view on things?”  Both of the Brethren glared at the man but remained silent.  He laughed all the more.

On the outskirts of Ghura, the three Brethren drew rein outside a small inn.  They entered but saw no one.  They had hoped to find some local to talk with, that they might learn what had transpired in the small country in the last few weeks.  Taryl found it strange that no one was about so went in search of those that should be attending to the inn.  Finally, he found the innkeeper and his terrified family hidden in the depths of the wine cellar.  The woman sobbed and the children huddled in the shadows in utter terror.  The man began to beg, “we have done nothing wrong!  Please spare the children.”  
Taryl gently lifted the man to his feet and said in a very confused voice, “what is the matter?  We mean no harm to you or yours.  What madness has seized your village?  Where is everyone?”  A look of hope entered the man’s eyes and the woman ceased her weeping, to better hear what the stranger had to say.  They emerged from the dusty cellar and walked into the common room.  Cayen and Korin gazed in amazement as the little family came out of hiding, covered in dust and spider webs.  
They were all seated around a table and the innkeeper began, “forgive our behavior but strange things are afoot these days and no one dares to show their face when strangers or armed men are abroad for you never know who will be taken next.”  
“Taken?” asked Cayen, “What is happening in this mad country?”  
The innkeeper continued, “it all started a few weeks ago with a proclamation from the King, or more probably his new Regent.  He declared that the Guard and the nobles can seize property, livestock, land, and even people for any perceived insult against the crown or the aristocracy.  People are terrified and they should be.  No one is safe!  Soon enough we will all be slaves to the nobles.  Once free men are now working their own fields but both now ‘belong’ to the King.  It is madness!  There are several sinister men heading the whole operation and they seek out the most despicable people they can find to assist them in their efforts.  Those who disagree are either put to work or killed.  No one speaks out for fear of their lives and those of their families.  I would ride back to wherever you came from before you are discovered; this is no place for sane men though I fear the madness will soon spread to the rest of the world.  The nobles have always persecuted or exploited us to some extent but now it seems that the commonfolk are now nothing more than cattle, whereas we at least used to be people!”  
Taryl shook his head grimly, “this is terrible news indeed.  We are come to prevent just such a tragedy but alas they had far too much a lead on us.  Now we must work quickly to dismantle what has been so swiftly set in place ere it grows too big to uproot.”  As Taryl finished speaking, the unicorns alerted their riders to strangers outside, a large group of heavily armed and rather unfriendly looking strangers.
The three Brethren exchanged a grim look and Cayen said, “I suggest that you and your family again seek shelter, as this time the intruders will not prove as friendly as we.”  The innkeeper nodded and quickly herded his wife and children back into hiding.  He found the club he used to maintain order within the common room when there was a rather raucous drunk present and prepared to fight alongside the Brethren.  
The door was flung open and in traipsed one of Zurch’s brute squads, ready to take advantage where they could.  At their head marched Gorip, who nearly dropped his sword when he saw Cayen, thinking him a ghost, but he regained enough of his composure to growl, “drop your weapons and come quietly else we will mete out justice.”  
Taryl laughed, “and of what do we stand accused?”  
Gorip sneered, “does it really matter?  Justice is whatever I claim it to be.  You are all now the rightful property of the crown so come quietly or you will die.  Will you surrender?”  
Taryl laughed, “do I look like a fool?  Of course we intend to resist!”  
Gorip did not seem surprised and an eager smile played across his lips but he eyed Cayen nervously, “and what of you boy?  You were most certainly dead when we parted.  Be gone if you are some malevolent spirit come seeking revenge, for you shall not have it from me.  If you are again among the living then it will not last.”  He raised his sword and charged the four men.
The other seven men in the squad thought perhaps their leader had gone mad, but not wishing to face the fate reserved for traitors, they also plunged into the fray.  The Brethren were by far the most skilled with a blade amongst those engaged in the fight; the innkeeper was no stranger to his club but two to one were still not good odds.
All might have been lost had not Tobin come rushing in the door, sword bared.  The Brethren did not have time to greet their comrade but were heartened by his appearance.  He had simply been passing through when his mount took it into his head to ride hard for this particular inn.  In the end, five of the brutes were dead and the others, including Gorip, surrendered and were nursing many wounds.  Tobin had a nasty cut across his face that would leave an ugly scar but was otherwise healthy.  The innkeeper had a few shallow cuts but had escaped any major harm.  The others had escaped almost unscathed.  It had been quite a blessing that most of the men on the brute squad had little formal training with the sword and were thus rather incompetent foes, otherwise there would have been much more devastation to the winning side.
Gorip growled, “now what are you going to do?  You stand not only guilty of various contrived crimes but now you truly are guilty of murder.  I had hoped to capture some of you and watch you toil away your worthless lives in endless labor and despair, but now I shall be content to watch you die slowly at the hands of my masters.”  
Cayen glared at the man, “how much innocent blood will it take before you realize your cause is pointless and your deeds terrible?”  
Gorip laughed mirthlessly, “was it not my master that slew yours?  What right have you to lecture me on hopeless causes?”  
Cayen laughed, “how do you think I stand before you alive?  I live because the Master does!  It was He that restored my life.  It is your vile master that delights in death and chaos and it will avail you nothing in the end.  The Master is the source of all life and all good things.  Your master is the antithesis of that and his hope vain.  As the Master overcame death so shall He vanquish your fell master on the Last Day.”  
“Ha!” laughed Gorip, far less confidently than he sounded, “You are a fool but I shall not be.”  He had felt a strange sort of hope in the boy’s words and dreaded that he might succumb to them, so used perhaps his most terrible power lest such a dire fate befall him.  His eyes glazed vacantly as he willed himself to die, thus ending his moment of weakness, before dissolving into a pool of black ooze.  The survivors drew away from the puddle in disgust and stared in astonishment.
“Lovely,” growled Taryl, “now what?”  
Cayen shook his head, “we must know more of this plot before it can be ended.  What about the two survivors?”  
All five men looked expectantly at the two captives.  The men quailed under their gaze and meekly begged to cooperate in ending the scheme.  The innkeeper would not be left behind and quickly joined in the planning.  Happily there was a large number of new recruits into the Guard, thus not everyone knew everyone else by sight.  The four Brethren and the innkeeper quickly donned the uniforms of the slain men.  The two surviving captives were disarmed but told to lead the way back to the castle.  Any treachery and they were assured of a quick end.  They promised to behave and the Brethren knew they did not lie.  They mounted and were quickly on their way to the capital city to see what they could do to free the captives of Ghura.  As they rode, the commonfolk quickly disappeared from view, which saddened all of them greatly to see such despair on the faces of the people.  Here and there, they saw roughly clad men and women at work in fields that had once been their own under the cruel eyes of slave masters clutching terrible whips in their hands.  These vicious overseers saluted as the fake Guardsmen rode past.  It was all the Brethren could do to keep from descending upon such terrible men with their swords; they pushed grimly on towards the city.  
They clattered into the courtyard of the royal palace (a rather modest structure) and dismounted.  Krill and his party were just mounting up to leave when he recognized both Korin and Cayen riding in in the uniform of the Guard.  He ordered his men to wait and quickly withdrew before either of the boys noticed him.  He could not understand how Cayen could possibly be alive but neither could he let the Brethren ride into the castle unhindered.  He recognized at least one of the others as having ridden out that morning with Gorip and he wondered what had come of the man.  He hurried quickly to find Zurch and inform him of the situation.  Zurch was not pleased to learn that an unknown number of the Brethren were even now in his castle.  He sent as many of the Guard as he could to apprehend the entire squad.  Fifteen Guardsmen, including Krill’s men, surrounded the intruders.  The two captives gladly resumed their place among their comrades and the five pretenders were disarmed and led before the King with Zurch close beside him.
As they entered the chamber, the Brethren gasped to see Jarbin and Ehaton bound and held at swordpoint by yet more of the Guard.  Zurch sneered, “well well, I see you have failed at your attempt to rescue the people of Ghura!  Now I have you well and truly in hand what shall I do with you?  Are you all of the Brethren?  This might be amusing!  Well?”  
Cayen said, “four of us are and the fifth is a rather daring innkeeper.  I demand you let us and our comrades go else you will regret this day.”  
Zurch laughed, “oh I think not.  I shall greatly enjoy it.  I have been wondering what to do with your comrades for some days now.  I could not decide whether to simply kill them or put them to work in the fields.  I did not wish to kill them for so dull a reason but neither could I trust them not to escape or cause problems if I simply enslaved them, thus I kept them alive until I could find a proper and amusing use for them.  Now that I have so many of you, perhaps we can play a little game?”  
Taryl said, “do as you will, none of us will cooperate with your schemes.”
“A pity that,” mocked Zurch, “for there is nothing I love more than treachery, especially treachery against your precious Master.  Will one of you forsake your vows if I promise to free the rest of your comrades?”  They stared at him grimly but unafraid.  Zurch looked rather disappointed but he was also extremely curious about something Krill had told him.
He nodded and Krill took Cayen roughly by the shoulder and stood him before Zurch, who said, “now boy, tell me why you live?  Krill was convinced you were most certainly dead.  I would know how such a miracle is achieved, especially if I ever hope to rid the world of your blighted kind.  I cannot do that if you all have the unhappy advantage of immortality!”  
Cayen laughed grimly, “if only it were so.  I live because the Master wills it so.  Why, I have no idea; for that you must ask the Master Himself.”  
Zurch nodded, “good, I cannot have all of you coming back to life to bother me once again.  Now that that little matter is resolved, I suppose I must dispose of all of you, but I must think of an amusing way in which to go about it.  However, I think I should allow Krill to kill you now, and this time he shall make a proper and final job of it.”  Krill smiled coldly as he raised his sword to strike.  Cayen saw death again written on the man’s face but met his gaze defiantly, only to gasp in shock as the blade struck.  Cayen was pushed backwards as Ehaton plunged between them.  
“No!” said the aggrieved Cayen, as Ehaton gasped for air and then lay still.  
Zurch laughed, “now this is more fun than I had anticipated!  Are you all such fools that you would commit suicide simply to gain your friends another few moments?  I love it!”  
“I however do not,” said the King.
Every head in the room turned to look at the forgotten man in astonishment.  The presence of so many of the Brethren had somehow cleared his mind of the vile influence of Zurch, but he held his peace until he could understand what had come to pass whilst he had been trapped in his mental fog.  The sacrifice on the part of the boy for his friend impressed him greatly and prompted him to act.  “What exactly is the meaning of this?” snapped the King to Zurch, “What have you done to my kingdom and my mind!  Whatever this man has wrought is now at an end.”  He looked at the guards, “any who desist in this nonsense will be spared the axe but any who continue to rebel will be dealt with accordingly.  Who stands with me?”
Zurch snarled and grabbed his sword to fall upon the King but before he could act, he was toppled by the bulk of the innkeeper, who tackled the fiend and drove him to the ground.  Being the man he was, Krill sheathed his sword and fled before anyone could take him.  Three of the guards joined him in his flight while the rest released their prisoners and sheathed their blades.  The King pardoned all those that surrendered; the two turncoat captives had fled with Krill.  The Brethren would have ridden in pursuit but they were far too busy helping the King reestablish order and justice in Ghura.
Tobin rode off to continue in his assigned duties while Taryl, Korin, and Cayen rode home, leaving Jarbin to advise the King and see to the final details in the aftermath of such a disaster.  They bore a request to the Lady from the King that she might send Teachers to remind his people of the Master in such a terrible time.  Ehaton’s sacrifice for his friend had made a great impact upon the King and long after, it was remembered in local song and story until the Kingdom itself had faded out of time and memory.
As they rode, Cayen wondered if all of his friends would die before him.  Guilt threatened to overcome him but he fought it off and clung desperately to the Master for strength.  He only hoped his sister was well.  He was relieved to see her safe and very well upon their arrival in Astoria.  The Lady was surprised by their story and sent word to all of her advisors to the various powers-that-be that the nations should unite in banning such a detestable practice.  It was the work of several years to have the practice of slavery declared anathema and that all abettors should be dealt with severely.  After so much adventure and with nothing immediately pressing, the Lady allowed Cayen, Taryl, and Korin to remain for a time in Astoria to rest.  Becca and Tabitha were stationed there that Tabitha might continue her learning and that Becca might teach some of the growing number of students which Astoria hosted.
Korin had met Tabitha during the strange adventures with the pirates and had found her quite charming then.  She had grown much in confidence and wisdom since their parting and he found her even more so now.  He tried to spend what time he could in her company but such was the schedule of the apprentice stationed in Astoria that he found himself with very little time to do just that.  He approached Cayen on the subject one day and said, “I think I am in love with your sister!”
Cayen laughed, remembering what a troublesome girl she had been not all that long ago but had to admit she had grown much in the last few years.  He sighed, “you know you cannot aspire to such things while still in your apprenticeship!”  
Korin sighed, “I know but a day will come when I am freed of such constraints.  If we have the Lady’s blessing and your sister is agreeable, I shall be truly happy.”  
Cayen shook his head, “you know what a dangerous life we lead!  How can you risk making her a widow at such an age?  It would be better if you left her alone and did not arouse such feelings within her.  Or maybe you should switch your allegiance to the Teachers!”  
Korin sighed, “perhaps that might be the kindest thing to do for her but my own heart might break asunder if I do not at least make my feelings known.  Besides, we are not all fated to die young.  I know you have lost two good friends and were even yourself dead for a time, but let it not make you lose hope or despair.”  
Cayen nodded, “you are right of course, but it has not been an easy few months for me.  I hope you have an easier time of it.  Just promise me you will not say anything until you are both out of your apprenticeships, it will not do to have you both so distracted.”
Korin nodded, saying, “that is a fair request but after, I make no promises!”  
Cayen laughed at his friend’s resolve.  Just then, Tabitha joined them as they walked to the evening meal.  She blushed slightly as she looked at Korin and Cayen could only shake his head.  Apparently his friend was not the only one so affected.  After the meal, Cayen sought out his mother, who was busy in the kitchens, and apprised her of the matter.  
She laughed, “I know it is hard for you to realize that your annoying little sister is now a woman and that men may start finding her attractive.  Korin is a fine young man and if it happens, I would be happy to have him for a son, though I know I shall never have the joy of grandchildren.  However, I am very proud of you both and perhaps it is for the best that your father’s line is ended.  But let this be a caution to you as well dear heart, that you are no longer a child yourself and there may be some young lady out there just waiting to capture your heart.”  Cayen laughed, thinking such an idea preposterous.


Chapter 9

The days passed quickly and the Lady again found an assignment for Cayen, though it was perhaps not as exciting as he had hoped.  The city of Narange was suffering from an epidemic and asked that the Lady send what aid she could.  The Lady sent Becca, as she had some knowledge of herbs, what supplies they had, and Cayen as escort.  Tabitha remained in Astoria and stepped in to teach Becca’s classes in her absence.  Whatever the plague, it was not fatal, save to a few who were weakened or sickly from other causes be it old age or some chronic condition of the lungs, but it was bad enough that people were stuck in bed for weeks before they were strong enough to return to their daily routine.  Cayen was eager to see the city once more, though he had only visited a few times in his youth, it still felt something like home.  He had grownup near a village not far from Narange but had seldom made the journey in his young life.  
This particular journey was uneventful, save when Becca asked after Korin’s interest in Tabitha.  She said, “that boy is putting thoughts into that girl’s head that have no right to be there!  They both have their duty to attend to and need nothing of love until they are old enough to know better.  What have you to say for either your sister or your friend?”  
Cayen laughed, “I of all people can certainly not claim to speak for my sister, but Korin has at least promised not to pursue matters until they are both out of their apprenticeships.”  Becca snorted in amusement but seemed satisfied that such things at least would not bother her.
Upon their arrival, Becca went immediately to work assessing the disease and training some of the willing hands in how to make those so afflicted comfortable and to do what she could for those more severely affected.  Cayen was put to work distributing supplies and organizing the recovered and the not yet affected, to see that all the necessary chores were accomplished with so many unable to work.  It was in this role that Cayen met Ariata.  As heir to the rule of Narange, Ariata was a person of significant influence in the city and Nara looked to her to help as she could in guiding the people through this troublesome time.
Cayen and Ariata found themselves oftentimes working together to see that everything was accomplished during the epidemic.  Ariata at first was dismayed to learn the boy was one of those fools who had bound himself to the Master, as had Astoria and Garren.  Who would give up the rule of a city to become little more than a servant ever courting death?  She however did come to appreciate the boy’s hard work, keen mind, willing heart, and of course, his rugged handsomeness.  She understood that the Brethren could not marry outside their order and had no intentions of joining herself but perhaps she could convince the boy to abandon his silly vows to oneday rule beside her in Narange.  Cayen was oblivious to Ariata’s plots until she chose to reveal them.
It was the end of a stifling day, Cayen had taken refuge beside a cool stream after another grueling day.  He was happy to see the people gradually recovering and their flagging spirits restored but he would be glad to ride back to Astoria.  Famir grazed contentedly beside him and they simply enjoyed one another’s company.  Suddenly the stallion raised his head and looked towards the road leading back to the city.  Cayen sighed when he saw who it was that was riding towards them.  Ariata had grown into a stunningly beautiful young woman, but she was far too much aware of that fact and quite proud of her current position in life at so young an age.  She was a much more proper daughter for Nara than ever Astoria had been though the two were not even related.  She was a good leader and had a knack for getting things done but she was sometimes a little too abrasive in how she attained that end.  She was polite enough to those she felt her equal but a little short with those she felt beneath her.  She rode into the clearing in the golden glow of evening as a soft smile played across her lips, but her eyes were those of a hawk seeking prey.  Cayen almost reached for his sword.  Famir seemed to find the exchange amusing; unicorns had quite a different idea about the affairs of the heart than those that afflicted humans.
“Cayen!” said Ariata with great enthusiasm, “I had hoped to find you in some secluded spot.  Come, there is much we must discuss.”  She dismounted and approached the seated young man, seating herself near him.  Cayen wondered if it was considered cowardice to turn tail and run.  She said, “over the last few weeks I have come to admire you as a woman sometimes comes to admire a man.  Let me be blunt and say I desire more for you than the life you have chosen.”  
Cayen gaped at her; he was not sure what he had expected but surely nothing like this!  He said, “I cannot return your affections, no matter how much I might wish it; I am bound to the Brethren!”  
“Bah!” said the girl, looking like a wolf confronting a wounded deer, “What is that to what I can offer?  Do not be such a fool!  First Astoria abandoned her proper place and then denied the man who should rule beside her.  Neither did Garren see it as his duty to take Nara’s place in his turn.  But you can aspire to such things.  What is the Master, compared to the love of a real woman?”  At mention of Garren, pain crossed Cayen’s face, and Ariata asked in concern, “what have I said that causes you such pain?  Is it that you cannot choose between the Master and I?  You can still serve him, even if you revoke your Oath, Garren spoke of this when he was last here.  Perhaps I should make this offer to him, if you will not have me?  I thought less of him, thinking Astoria would not have him for some fault within himself but I now realize he is a good and decent man.  Perhaps it is jealousy that causes you pain?”  She looked at him hopefully.
Cayen was quiet for some minutes, before saying quietly, “Garren is dead Ariata, that is what pains me.  He died because he would not deny the Master and yet you ask me to do just that?  Certainly you can serve the Master without joining the Brethren, but once you have taken the Oath, it is not denied for something as silly and ephemeral as that which you suggest.  Even if I shared your feelings, I am bound to a higher calling!”  
“You are daft!” said the woman, “Would you die for this pathetic cause?  Garren was no old man that he should already be moldering in the ground.  What tragedy has the Master wrought?  What better reason to escape before the same fate befalls you!”  
Cayen said quietly, “I have already met that fate, yet the Master did not see fit that I enter eternity but returned me to life to continue in His service.  Why this was granted to me, while others who have fallen remain so, I do not know, but I will not forsake my vows!”  
Ariata looked at him in astonishment, “I do not believe it!  One cannot die and then come back to life yet you are certainly no ghost.  It cannot be.”  
Cayen said, “know by the Oath that it is true.  Know also that I will gladly face such a fate again, for it is my duty and my honor.”  
Ariata shook her head, “is there nothing I can do to convince you?  Here you would not face death on a daily basis nor would you spend your entire life wandering and sleeping under bushes.  You would die an honored old man in bed.”  
Cayen laughed, “I shall die where and when the Master bids me home but I shall die as one of the Brethren.”
Famir snorted in surprise, Ariata screamed, and Cayen heard the sound of vile laughter and a wicked voice saying, “well, we can certainly oblige you there.”  Krill and the three fled guards from Ghura had ridden into the clearing and had arrows pointed at all and sundry.  Krill laughed, “I see we meet again boy.  This time I shall not fail in killing you, and perhaps your beloved Master will be kind enough to leave you that way!  Come girl, we have great plans for you and this blighted city.  Malion is nearly obsessed with being revenged upon it and he will be glad to know that his beloved boy is also dead.  Come now, drop your weapons and cooperate and we shall spare your lives, at least for the moment.  Do anything stupid and you will be killed without question.”  
As the men dismounted to bind their hands and disarm Cayen, the boy whispered quietly to Ariata, “when they force you into the saddle, make for my mount and hold on; he will bear you to safety.”  Tears of fear streaked the girl’s face but she nodded grimly.  By now the men were upon them and there was no more time for words.  Famir screamed his disagreement but would abide by Cayen’s wishes.  He would bear the girl to safety and then speed back to rescue his master or die trying.  Ariata approached the stallion, and as soon as she was in the saddle, he was off like an arrow from the string.  
“After her!” screamed Krill, his three henchmen were quickly in their saddles in pursuit of the fled girl.  Cayen was again facing Krill unarmed.  The man laughed, “who is going to save you this time boy?  You are alone and this time you have no friend to sell his life for yours and no Master to bring you back to life.  This time you shall die and stay that way.  I would kill you now but I am sure your father would rather have the honor, especially if my men fail to bring back your sweetheart.”  The men soon returned and said they had lost the girl, for her mount was swifter than anything on four legs had a right to be.  Krill snarled but motioned for them to ride on once they had forced the boy into the saddle of Ariata’s horse.  
Famir dropped Ariata in the center of town and quickly sought out Becca, wild with terror.  She did not understand anything save that there was something dreadfully wrong.  She left her work and was soon mounted and following the anxious Famir out of town in search of his master.  Ariata was left more lovesick than ever, to think that a man would sell his life for hers!  She must have him at any cost but knew he would not willingly forsake his vows.  She found a fast horse and quickly set off in pursuit of her endangered love.  Famir could sense the direction his master had gone and Becca followed as quickly as she could.  They left the main road and headed north into the trackless wilds; their trail was not hard to follow in the growing light of the full moon.
Cayen bounced along like a child on a pony as they pressed along a game trail that wound deep into the heart of the forest.  Cayen almost wished they would just get it over with.  He did not fear death but the waiting was enough to drive him mad.  He felt Famir drawing closer and knew, one way or another, it would soon be over.  They traveled for another hour and finally came to a large clearing on the brink of a stream, bright with the moon overhead.  Malion and two others waited there.  “Well?” said he to the returning men.  
Krill cringed and said, “we had the girl but she managed to escape.  We did however apprehend your rebellious son.”  
Malion snarled, “I want that girl!  She is the key to the city.  I should have all your heads for this!  At least we have a suitable victim.”  He laughed maliciously, “and it will be amusing to think that his blood has twice sated our master’s thirst.  Bring him.”  Cayen now felt Famir nearly upon them.  He bid the creature stay hidden, but such was his desperation to rescue his master that he did not heed his command.  Suddenly two unicorns burst into the clearing in all their terrible beauty and just as quickly lay fading upon the ground with arrows through their hearts.  Cayen could not hold back the tears and was even more horrified to see Becca lying prone upon the ground.  She moved weakly but several arrows had pierced her.  
Malion laughed, “I see your attempted rescuers have failed miserably.  Do not fret, you will soon be joining them.”  He motioned for them to bind the stricken woman.  
Becca laughed through the pain as she was secured to the tree next to Cayen, “this is a lovely way to spend the evening, though not exactly how I had planned to end my career, but such is life.”  She gave the boy a reassuring smile, which was chased away by a wince of agony.  Cayen smiled gratefully and felt his own courage rising in the face of utter despair.  Live or die, he had no reason to fear.  
Krill stood watch as Malion and the five men approached the bound pair.  Malion laughed coldly, “well boy, you are familiar with this little ritual.  Are you sure you do not wish to partake in it yourself?”  
Cayen said grimly, “be done with it and taunt me no more.”
Malion laughed all the more and began the vile ritual anew.  As the daggers were raised, a desperate voice cried out, “wait!”  All eyes turned to gaze upon a grief stricken Ariata.  Malion laughed, “well, if it is not the very woman I sent these fools to apprehend.  What can I do for you, my dear?”  
She said desperately, a hint of madness in her voice, “what must I do that you spare this man?”
Malion smiled, liking what he saw before him, “you would do anything to have him?”  
She nodded, “I will have him.  Name your price.”  
Malion said, “you do know that he is one of those fools calling themselves the Brethren?  He will not willingly abandon his Oath, even to save his life.”  
She nodded grimly, “I know and I do not care, even if it cost me my soul I will have him.  What will you have of me?”  
“Ariata no!” screamed Cayen, which earned him a clout from Malion, who said, “we are currently in the midst of a little ceremony whereby these fine gentlemen are about to swear their souls to what lesser folk call the Evil One.  It requires the blood of an innocent, which the boy here was so kind to provide, but I might be willing to spare him seeing how we have the woman.  Join us and the boy is yours.  Once you have bound yourself in service to the Nameless One you will ride back to Narange and rule the city as you are bidden.  Agreed?” 
 Becca’s eyes were wide with shock and horror.  Cayen was silenced by grief.  Ariata slid primly from the horse’s back, walked past Cayen and gave him a smoky smile, took the dagger offered by Malion, and with the other five ended Becca’s suffering.  Cayen screamed in grief and anguish and earned himself another wallop, which sent him tumbling gratefully into darkness.  Ariata felt dark power coursing through her and looked possessively on the unconscious man who now belonged to her.

Cayen woke slowly and miserably to face the morning.  He was bound hand and foot and secured to a handy tree.  His muscles and head complained bitterly but that pain was nothing compared to the grief in his heart.  Ariata sat there watching him and a cold smile played across her face, “will you even now refuse me when I saved your life?”  
He stared at her in amazement, “you killed a woman in cold blood and want me to thank you?  I risked my life to save yours and you repay me by killing my friend?”  
Ariata shrugged, “did I not save your wretched life?  Is that not some reason to be grateful?  Malion says that we now possess various arcane abilities, one of which is the ability to cloud the minds of other men but it seems it does not work on those bound to the Master.  A pity that, it would have made things much easier, but I will do what I must to make you love me.  Of course, I do not desire you as much as I did last night.  I do not know what fancy had taken hold of me; this morning you seem such a weak and pathetic thing!  I now think you an even greater fool than once I did.  I now see how pathetic is your choice to serve the Master when there is greater power to be had.  Even if you will not have me, I am quite content with my choice.  To think I was ever fool enough to be content simply ruling a city!”  
Tears streaked Cayen’s face, “you did me no favor in sparing my life, in fact you have brought me the bitterest of griefs.”  
She laughed coldly, “so you lost your unicorn and a friend?  I thought you Brethren had no cause for grief over death as you claim to be parted but for a time?”  
He said sadly, “it is a great blow to my spirit to lose such dear friends, but it is even more appalling to see someone fall into darkness.  Death is simply the end of mortality and a doorway to greater things.  What you have done is invite death into your heart and bow at its feet; you have entered a living death.  Better that you had died an innocent girl in the Master’s keeping than live such a life enslaved to evil!”  She slapped him for his temerity and he again lapsed into darkness.
Malion watched the exchange with interest.  The boy had spirit, it was a pity he was also a fool.  It would be amusing to see what would come of him.  The girl would probably kill him out of spite.  He smiled at this, how terrible to watch her descend into darkness and then die by her hand when you had risked so much to save her.  How tragic, how delightful!  Once the woman was tired of the boy, she might turn to him for comfort.  She had all the spirit of his former wife but seemed to have put aside that moral weakness which caused her to despise power such as his.  He had never thought to recruit women for the Brotherhood, as they seemed far less interested in power than the average man, but he thought that once so bound they might be very effective fiends, perhaps even more terrible than any man.
As the day faded in purple and crimson glory, he roused his men and sent them on various errands at the behest of their mutual master.  Malion rode off on errands of his own while Krill and one of the new recruits, Gelat by name, rode with Ariata back to Narange.  She had explicit instructions on what to do upon her arrival.  Gelat and Krill were along to make sure it was done and that any resistance was swiftly quashed.  Cayen bounced along on the packhorse like so much luggage.  His mind reeled over the events of the last day and he reached desperately for the Master.  A sense of peace overwhelmed him and he fell gratefully into sleep; he awoke as they approached the city.  
They arrived in the courtyard of the great house with a clatter of hooves and a bustle of servants.  The servants glanced at the strange and sinister men who accompanied Ariata but something about her made them refrain from asking questions.  The two men hoisted the bound and gagged Cayen from the packhorse and carried him into the house where he was secured in a small room.  A hood had been placed over his head that he might not be recognized.  Nara came anxiously from the house and asked where Ariata had been and what had come of the Brethren.  Ariata shrugged and said they had gone back to Astoria on some urgent business for the Lady.  Nara sighed, wondering why they had not come to her first, but as the epidemic seemed to be sputtering out, she did not worry too much about their sudden disappearance.  She then asked after Ariata’s absence and the girl shrugged her off.  
Nara turned on the girl, saying, “if you wish to succeed me then you had best learn that you cannot just run off whenever the mood strikes you!  There is a protocol to be followed.”  
“Then I shall certainly have to change that,” sneered the girl.  She nodded and her two sinister companions stepped out of the shadows and grabbed the woman, covering her mouth to muffle Nara's screams.  
“What shall we do with her?” asked Krill.  
Ariata smiled coldly, “see that she disappears, quietly.”  Krill smiled maliciously as he cuffed the woman across the back of the head with his gauntleted fist; Nara slumped limply between her captors.  They carried the woman away and Ariata cared not what became of her.
Ariata then went to see her prisoner, but whether to taunt him or to see if he had come to his senses, she was unsure which would please her more.  He sat huddled in a corner of the empty room and glared at her defiantly when she entered.  “Still unable to comprehend your fate?” snarled she, “Why will you not come to me willingly?  I sold my soul that we might be together!”  
He scoffed, “quit fooling yourself.  You did this out of your own thirst for power; it had nothing to do with your perceived love for me.  Had you truly cared for me you would have stayed home and let them kill me!  You have simply caused me more misery than even death itself can inflict.  Quit blaming me for your fall into darkness.  If you truly loved me you would disavow the Evil One and seek the Master.  I will never forsake my Oath!  Make an end of me or release me but you will never get what you want in this life and forever shall we be sundered in the next if you do not repent.”  
She laughed coldly, “we shall see what a few days without food does to your resolve, but I am content in my situation, with or without you.”  
He looked at her with pleading eyes and for a moment she thought he was softened, but he said, “Ariata do not do this to yourself or your people.  Please!”  She laughed again and cuffed him for his temerity.  She shut the door and left him alone in the utter darkness.
Gelat was sent to Astoria to inform the Lady that her servants had worked themselves near to death helping others and had succumbed to the epidemic; the bodies had been burned to prevent further spread.  He made the journey to the cursed city quickly and stood outside the castle gates and told his message to Korin, whose turn it was to stand watch at the gates.  He paled to hear such news of his friends, but he could also sense the lie in the man’s words; he certainly did not like the way the man felt: as if he were some dead thing that reeked of evil instead of decay.  He thanked the man for his message and immediately left to inform the Lady.  Gelat rode off convinced he had fooled the idiots and no more would come of the matter.
The Lady saw the boy with all haste, sending Taryl and Korin immediately to Narange to see what strange madness was passing there.  The Lady sighed, hoping her mother was safe, but she had other duties to attend to so could not dwell on the subject long.  They rode quickly, curious to see what had come to pass in Narange.  They inquired of their unicorns as to the location of Famir and Becca’s mount, but the creatures said they had been slain.  The Brethren exchanged a concerned glance, while their riders might die of some sickness, it should not affect the unicorns.  Some treachery was afoot; they pressed their mounts all the harder.
When Nara was discovered missing, the people turned immediately to Ariata for guidance and comfort.  She stepped into her new role magnanimously and put immediate plans into action to find the missing Nara.  The attempt was futile, but at least it would give the anxious populous something to occupy their minds.  Her orders were to rule her people justly for now, but gradually she was to introduce changes to the city’s laws and customs that would cause chaos and enmity and perhaps lead to the downfall or complete corruption of the city.  She had once thought it her dream to simply lead these people but she found the thought of conquering them through guile completely irresistible.  Meanwhile, she amused herself by plotting ways to torment the arrogant boy who would not return her love.  He would love her or die.  She was not sure which would please her more.  Cayen lay alone in the dark for three days without food or water.  
Finally, Ariata paid him another visit and brought the life saving fluid with her.  “Are you ready to see reason?” asked she.  He did not even try to speak with his dry and swollen tongue but glared defiantly at her.  She laughed at his pathetic attempt at resistance.  She flung down the waterskin and left him alone once more.  It was awkward to manipulate the thing with bound hands but he desperately quenched his thirst with the precious fluid and waited patiently for her next visit.
The days passed and Nara was not found; the people began to fear the worst.  Ariata was there to comfort them, and they failed even to think that treachery might have befallen their leader, such was Ariata’s skill at hiding her true intentions.  Taryl and Korin arrived in Narange not long after, amidst the harried search for Nara.  Both were quite amazed to learn of the sudden change in leadership and thought it strangely diabolical, especially in light of their vanished comrades.  They kept their identity secret for now and continued to ask questions in hopes of learning more.  As they were poking about, Korin recognized Krill as he walked past on some errand or other.  The Brethren quickly stooped into the shadows that they might not be recognized.
Taryl said to his apprentice, “if that vile fellow is here, all is certainly not well in Narange.”  Korin nodded grimly; they would have to be very careful.  They crept towards the great house where the heart of the matter would be revealed.  They avoided the gates but found a place in the wall where an ornamental vine was growing and provided enough of a foothold that they could easily scale the wall.  They dropped into the gardens unseen, snuck into the great house, and found themselves in a little used hallway.  They hid in the shadows as someone passed them by; it was a woman and she walked as if she knew she was important.  They exchanged a curious look though neither could see it in the dim hall.
They watched the woman meddling with a tapestry that hung nearby and drew something from behind it.  It must have been a key, for she unlocked the door of a forgotten room.  She went in for a time and then emerged laughing to herself and carefully replaced the key.  Once she was safely away, the two Brethren crept down the hall, found the key, and unlocked the door.  It was pitch dark inside, but Korin ran down the hall and snatched a forgotten torch.  They shut the door tightly before lighting the torch and were amazed at what they saw.  Blinking at the unfamiliar intensity of light was a very unshaved but very much alive Cayen.  In the blur of the light, Cayen could not see who it was but he felt excited arms of greeting around him.  He nearly wept for joy when he realized who had come to his rescue.  He quickly told his story and was met by looks of astonishment and grief.  They quickly made plans to oust Ariata and set Narange in order.  It was late and by now Ariata had gone to bed, but Krill wandered about the house like a fiend unleashed.  The Brethren crept up on him, quickly subdued him, and drew him into a quiet room to answer a few questions.  He sneered at them when he recognized his captors.
“You again boy?” growled the man, “When will you learn not to meddle in our affairs?”  
“Where is Nara?” demanded Cayen, “And what are Malion’s plans in Narange?”  
The man laughed for a moment before succumbing to his self induced death and dissolving thereupon.  They withdrew from the room, discouraged and horrified, but continued their search for Ariata.  A servant saw them sneaking about and quickly alerted Ariata.  Unarmed and not wishing to confront three armed men, she disappeared quietly from the house, but determined to have her revenge.  She found Gelat and sent him to see if he could dispose of the Brethren, but he too met a swift end.  By now the whole house was in uproar and only their recognition of Cayen prevented the household from doing anything violent.  His story caused much grief among the people of Narange as they feared the worst for Nara.  Ariata was not found in the city and was assumed to have fled.  During his interment in the tiny room, Cayen had heard muffled weeping on more than one occasion in the adjacent room.  Curious, he set out to investigate.  There was Nara, alone but unharmed and quite overjoyed to see her rescuers.  Ariata had not quite decided whether to kill her and found it far more amusing to taunt her with her own imminent demise and sudden fall from power.  
Nara said, upon hearing the tale, “she was such an innocent girl when first she came to us, but has since fallen into pride and arrogance.  I am sorry to say it has ruined her.  Perhaps even I have overlooked my own pride?  Let your Lady send one of her Teachers that we may learn again the ways of the Master.  In my pride, I denied my people the chance to learn to look outside themselves for satisfaction and purpose.  But let this be the end of my folly!”
The people rejoiced to have Nara back and afterwards, she was a much more humble leader and far more careful in guiding her heir apparent.  Cayen rode gratefully home in the saddle behind Korin.  The Lady was appalled at what had come to pass in Narange and also to hear of what had befallen Becca and the unicorns.  She set Korin, Taryl, and Cayen to hunt down Malion, Ariata, and their minions if at all possible, lest they cause more destruction and chaos in an already confused and broken world.


Chapter 10

Ariata rode away laughing merrily, yes she had lost her city, but who needed a city when one had power such as this?  She felt she could make the earth dance at her bidding and mountains prostrate themselves on a whim.  Let the fools have their city; she had the world!  She did not relish telling Malion about the loss of Narange, but certainly he must understand what it was like to deal with the Brethren.  There had been something about failure not being an option in that terrible oath they all took but she was sure it was simply ceremonial.  It was not as if she had failed, rather the Brethren had failed her.  Her only regret was leaving that fool boy and the old woman alive, but she contented herself with thinking that that certainly would not last.  She would have her revenge soon enough.  She rode on and finally came to the country of Gitara, where Malion was busy trying to subvert the King.  He was not happy with her failure and even less pleased that Krill and Gelat had gotten themselves killed, but he was willing to give her one more chance to prove her value to the Brotherhood, especially when she made known her personal interest in himself.  What was her womanly charm for, if not to further her own cause?
She stayed on in Gitara for a few weeks, working her way into Malion’s favor and was delighted to find him so susceptible to blatant praise of non-existent traits.  All she had to do was stoke his pride and he was a malleable lump of clay in her hands.  While she was thus working her way into his cold, dark heart she was unknowingly developing an attachment herself, if only by default.  One day the topic of conversation turned to his former wife and children.  He despised the woman greatly but occasionally, in a weak moment, he found himself recalling fondly some of her better traits, which his current love interest most certainly lacked.  This of course had the effect of nearly boiling Ariata’s blood, thus she was determined that he rid the world of her competition, no matter how impossible that Tiara would ever wish to see the man again!  
She brought this up to Malion and he said, “if you want her gone you had best go and do it yourself.  She is sitting in the heart of Astoria and I am too well known by some there even to be allowed in the city while you are still very much a stranger.  Besides, I have much more important things to do.”  
She scowled at him, “what about your meddling son?  I am certain he will know me!”  
He laughed coldly, “the brat is probably on the other side of the world hoping to hunt us down.”
She laughed, though there was little humor in it, “I had forgotten the predictable tendencies of the Brethren.  Of course you would be correct in your assumption.  I will do us both a favor and rid the world of the trollop.”  He shrugged and went back to whatever she had interrupted as she rode off, determined to come back victorious.
She approached Astoria cautiously, ever watchful for someone who might recognize her, but it seemed all those that might were not in the city or were not abroad this day.  She rode up to the castle gates and spoke with the young man on duty there.  “What is your business my lady?” asked he politely.  
She smiled her warmest smile and chose her words carefully, knowing the Brethren’s ability to know a lie when they heard it, “I have some little matter to discuss with Mistress Tiara if she is about?”
“Who should I say is asking after her, my lady?” asked the boy.  
She sighed her most flustered sigh and said, “we grew up in the same area, though she may not remember me.  I come on business of vital importance to her family.”  The boy seemed convinced and a little embarrassed, that he had somehow upset the poor woman; he allowed her to pass and told her where Tiara was wont to be at that hour.  She thanked the boy and handed her horse over to one of the stable lads, asking only that he water the beast and leave him saddled, as she would be leaving soon.  It was a few hours after lunch but not quite time for the evening meal; Tiara was taking a short rest before beginning the supper chores.  A knock came at her door and she opened it to admit a woman that looked vaguely familiar, as perhaps someone she chanced upon once or twice many years ago, but no name came to mind.
“Yes?” asked Tiara politely.  
Ariata smiled broadly and said, “you probably do not remember me, but we met once or twice long ago in Narange.  I was passing through and thought to bring you greetings from one of your children.  The boy heard I was passing this way and asked if I might bring you a message.”  
Tiara smiled and opened the door fully, that the woman might come in.  Once her guest was comfortable, Tiara asked, “and what is this message you bring from my son?  It was only a few weeks ago that he rode off on some business for the Lady after a rather traumatic incident.”
Ariata stood and smiled, “actually, it was I that inflicted that meager trauma upon him.  I bring no word from your son but rather from your former husband, and it shall be the final thing you hear.”  Tiara was on her feet and backing slowly away from the mad woman who had suddenly entered her chambers; she had nothing with which to defend herself.  Ariata laughed coldly, “your precious Malion is indifferent about what becomes of you, but I am quite convinced that your continued existence will interfere in my growing influence over him, thus I must dispose of you.  Nothing personal of course.”  
Tiara laughed mirthlessly, “no, there is certainly nothing personal about murder!  Are you mad?”  
“No,” smiled Ariata coldly, “I am completely rational.  Why else could I kill you so carelessly?”
She raised her blade to strike, but for some reason her target did not feel obliged to cower in terror.  She actually seemed rather unmoved by the whole ordeal.  Ariata’s confidence was momentarily shaken, not understanding how the woman remained so calm in the face of certain death.  Her slight pause was all Tabitha needed to jump between the crazed woman and her mother, sword drawn.  Tiara withdrew to a safe corner and watched proudly as her daughter held her own against the older woman.  Ariata had not expected a fight, nor had she anticipated being bested by such a young firebrand, but she pressed on until she was nearly exhausted, though the wretched girl was not flagging in the least.
The fight ended when Tabitha struck a decisive blow and severed a major artery, leading to a major loss of blood and consciousness on Ariata’s part, before the bleeding could be staunched.  Unlike most people, the Brethren would not leave a fallen enemy to die of their wounds but did what they could for their continued health and well-being or at least made them comfortable as they died.  They tended the woman’s wounds and made her comfortable, though she was some time in coming around due to the amount of blood she had lost; the rug in Tiara’s quarters was also a complete loss.  Ariata of course would have to stand trial for her various crimes but she must regain her health first.  She was placed in a comfortable room with someone to attend to her needs while she remained unconscious.

Ariata lay in a hazy gray world of twilight, as if shrouded in mist lit by a distant moon.  She could not remember how she got here or even where here was.  She felt some presence off to one side though whether right or left, she could not tell, as direction was as vague as her history in this place.  “Who?” was all she could say.  
Then the fog lifted from her eyes and she saw Garren clearly.  For some reason she was not surprised to see a dead man quite alive in this place.  She felt anything might and could happen here.  The man said, “Ariata what have you done?  What have you become?”
She sneered, “who are you to judge me?”  
Garren said simply, “I shall never judge you, but one day the Master certainly will.  Know you not the price you will pay on that day if you persist in this madness?  Would you lose your soul to gain a little ephemeral power?”
She laughed him to scorn, “I know very well what I am about, thank you very much!  I am no child.  I risk nothing.  There is nothing beyond death, so what have I to fear?”  
“Then what am I doing here?” asked he patiently.
She snorted, “this is a dream and nothing more!”
“It may be a dream, but your eternal reality depends on the decisions you make after this encounter,” said Garren, “for your own sake and the sakes of all those your decisions will affect, please consider deeply what I say.”  
“Even death cannot spare me from your platitudes!” snarled she, “What have I to do with you or your precious Master!  I have a different master now and he does not require me to abandon all my dreams and aspirations and common sense to bow at his feet.  I have real power and I will use it for my own benefit.  Sit aside and weep for my blighted soul if you must but I want none of your pity!”  Garren shook his head sadly and the fog again sundered them.  Ariata shuddered in the cold damp and was lost to the darkness.
She awoke with a start and a shudder.  She felt very weak but quite alive.  The temerity of the man, thinking she did not know what she had embroiled herself in!  She refrained from sighing or moving lest she alert someone to her newly awakened state.  Knowing the Brethren, they would have tended her wounds and placed her in a comfy room; she was probably attended by a child or a servant too.  She would bide her time and make her escape when the opportunity came.  She carefully and quietly assessed her physical condition and found her arm bandaged but aside for the profound weakness, which she attributed to massive blood loss, she seemed healthy enough.  She could not wait weeks to recover her strength and risk that the Brethren might try her or increase the guard about her.  Now would be the opportune moment.
She carefully made a survey of the room and saw an exhausted servant snoozing against the wall, which must mean it was the middle of the night.  Using her vile powers, she laid a deep sleep upon the servant, lest he waken as she made her escape.  She ransacked the room, found what supplies she could for a journey, and made her way quietly out of the castle.  She entered the stable, but could not find her horse.  She chose a likely looking specimen, found what tack and supplies she could, and led the beast out into the darkened courtyard.  She flung herself into the saddle and thundered out of the courtyard, through the city, and out into the night.  The guard upon the gate watched in stunned silence and quickly wakened the castle.  
Ariata nearly flew back to Gitara, not knowing how she out ran the Brethren that most certainly would be in close pursuit.  She galloped into the hidden camp where Malion was lurking until he had made progress enough with the King of Gitara to come out into the open.  He was on his feet immediately with sword in hand.  When he saw who his attacker was, he relaxed but was not pleased to be so awakened.  “Well?” growled he, “you have been gone for far too long.  You had best have a good explanation.  Do not tell me you have failed at this task as well?”  
Ariata was faint from exhaustion and weakness after her recent injury, but her blood boiled at his tone.  She growled, “I did what I could to dispatch the wench, a thing which you were too lazy to do anything about!  Do not lecture me on how it should have been done.  I was injured by your daughter and rode myself near to death to escape.”  
He laughed coldly, “so you failed again have you?  How surprising!  You were not followed were you?  That would only add insult to injury.  I was a fool ever to trust you with even the simplest task.  Our master will not be pleased that you took matters into your own hands.”  
“You authorized me to go,” shouted the woman heatedly.  
He laughed, “what say have I in such things.  That will not spare you!  I almost look forward to watching you die, though I might miss your company.  No, it will be a pleasure to watch you die slowly for your failures!  I can always find another warm body to fill my bed.”
Her rage would not be contained and in an utter fury, she drew her sword and charged at the insolent fool that would taunt and exploit her so.  He was unprepared for such an attack and was quickly overcome.  In her wrath, she pushed the man’s inert form into the pond by which he had been standing then she collapsed on the verge of the pool.  The body dissolved into a black ooze that spread out upon the water; several fish floated lifelessly to the surface.  Within the darkness bloomed two fiery spots that glowed red in the night black water; an evil laugh echoed in the stillness.  
“A coup?” snarled the image, “Treachery is delightful!  Congratulations, you have assumed control of my minions.  I shall overlook your past failures if you can prove yourself worthy in all that is to come.  Fail again and you shall be utterly destroyed.”  She cowered in terror before the horrible creature that now owned her soul, but a growing fervor for her new position of power soon overcame her terror.  She eagerly listened to the orders the creature had to impart.  She broke camp and rode immediately towards the city.  Malion had been working for weeks to gain a foothold in this miserable little country but she would be in control by morning.
She rode to the castle and used all her vile power to gain access to the widowed King, and though it was well after midnight, she had a wedding scheduled for the following morning.  As soon as she was Queen, she sent the King to sit in an unused corned and began to secure her rule.  The King was as helpless as a child before all her vile powers.  As soon as all was accomplished, she had only one more task to attend to: the execution of all those that might oppose her, namely the King’s two sons and the Lady’s advisor to the King.  She had all three swiftly accused of treason and no amount of argument on their behalf could alter the minds of her thoroughly convinced tribunal.  The people were not overly fond of their King, as he was rather inclined towards high taxes and taking what he felt was his due without paying for it; Malion had done a superb job of causing unrest among the populous, thus it was with some joy that they thought to witness the end of one era of rule and the beginning of another.  To them any change must be for the better.
An execution was just the thing to sate the people’s bloodlust.  The courtyard was crowded with the slavering masses, waiting for a little entertainment at such a dear cost to their King.  Anyone who disagreed with the King must certainly agree with the oppressed masses; thus their new Queen was hardly known but already very much beloved by her people.  The day was hardly begun and Ariata was quite pleased with her progress.  She had the prisoners bound and gagged, lest they say something to ruin her triumph; she was not yet ready for scandal to haunt her reign.  The King sat somnolently beside her, not seeming to realize that his offspring were about to meet an untimely demise.  They were herded up the steps to the raised platform upon which the headsman and the chopping block waited.  Once they were in place, Ariata left her place beside the indifferent King, and ascended the platform herself.  She made a grandiose speech about fidelity and the rights of the people and the glorious future they might expect and then nodded at the headsman and the guards, that it was now time for the day’s main attraction.  
They prodded the first prince forward, he stared defiantly at the intruder, who had so tragically upset his family.  She laughed and he continued to glare.  But the axe was not raised, instead the headsman removed his hood and revealed himself to be Cayen.  Ariata’s jaw dropped, “what are you doing here!”  
He laughed, “ruining your plans of course.  Surrender now, I am not alone.  There are quite a number of my comrades present.”  
She looked around and saw that the entire contingent of guards had their swords out and were looking rather grim.  The prisoners were somehow unbound and armed and also ready to go down fighting.  She scowled, “how?”  
He laughed, “when you fled Astoria, the ‘horse’ you borrowed happened to be my sister’s unicorn.  It was an easy enough task to track you after that and discover your plans.  My only regret is putting that poor creature to such ill use.  Now surrender.”
She laughed, “I also am not alone.”  She nodded and an arrow flew, catching Cayen in the chest.  He dropped his sword and would have fallen, save that Ariata caught him and held a dagger to his throat and said, “any attempt to interfere and I will cut his throat.  Out of my way.  I am leaving.”  The stunned Brethren, who had been posing as guards, made way for the retreating woman and her hostage.  Cayen was too weak to say anything about not negotiating with evil and the others had not the heart to risk his life, so allowed the villain to pass unchallenged.  She laughed at their weakness and leapt into the saddle of a waiting horse and rode off as fast as the beast could run.  Taryl and Korin were in their saddles immediately and following Kalek, Cayen’s unicorn, as he tracked his wounded master and the woman who held him hostage.  The rest of the Brethren went about reestablishing order and hunting down Ariata’s minions.
Ariata pushed the horse to exhaustion, knowing pursuit could not be far behind.  The exhausted beast stumbled, fell, and did not rise again.  Cayen was flung from the saddle and lay gasping for air and half out of his mind with pain.  Ariata stumbled from the fallen beast and collapsed beside a small stream.  She reached down for water to quench her thirst, but froze in terror as an inky blackness filled the once clear stream.  “What have you done!” snarled the monster, “You have failed again and this time there shall be no second chance.”  The shadow had resolved itself into something resembling a black draconian head.  
Ariata mumbled, “pl…pl…please!”  
The thing snarled, “mercy is not one of my failings.  See what awaits you!”  The monster opened its mouth and revealed an infinite black nothingness set to consume her soul.  She must have fainted, for she lost all sense of herself for a moment.  When she looked again, the apparition was gone.  She laughed to herself,	 thinking it all a dream.  She stood, not noticing the inky black ooze that failed to stain her footwear and dress as she rose to her feet.  She approached the stricken Cayen and drew her sword.  She might soon face his comrades in a battle to the death but she would not leave the boy alive for them to claim; at least she would have that much revenge.  The boy did not seem afraid as she raised the blade to strike, perhaps he already knew he was dying and welcomed the end of his suffering.
He flinched in surprise as she thrust the blade through his heart but otherwise nothing happened.  The sword was planted firmly in his chest, but there was no pain save the arrow; his heart continued to beat faithfully.  She stared down at the boy in amazement and frustration, again took up her sword, and hoped to see a wound or at least a red stain upon the blade but failed to find either.  She hacked at Cayen with all her might, but try as she would, she could not touch him; in a rage she even kicked at his head with her foot, but she might as well have been made of sunbeams for all the damage it did.  She glared at the dying boy as if he had something to do with this strange phenomenon.  
“Do not waste effort trying to influence that which is yet trapped in time,” said a new voice.  
Cayen could do nothing more than gasp, “Garren.”  
Garren smiled warmly at his friend, but continued to speak with the woman.  She snarled, “and what do you mean by that?”  
Garren continued, “you can no longer touch the living.” 
Why?” said the stunned Ariata, starting to have some idea of what might be happening.
“You are dead, at least mortally speaking,” said Garren patiently.  
“How?” asked she aghast, “I see no corpse.”  Then she noticed the inky stain on the grass and gasped, “Oh!  I did not think the Nameless One could kill like that.”  
Garren shook his head gravely, “he cannot, but that does not mean he cannot inspire fear enough to stop a beating heart.”  
She stared again at Cayen and said, “if he is still trapped in mortality, I assume he should neither see nor hear us but he seems quite aware of our presence?”  
Garren nodded, “while life lasts, he should not be able to do either, but he is dying and straddling the worlds as it were.  He lingers among the living but his spirit yearns for eternity.”
She nodded in understanding and asked, “so if this is eternity, where is all the darkness and dread you pontificated if I should not repent?”  
He said grimly, “neither of us are in our proper places at the moment.  This is simply neutral ground.”
“Neutral ground!” scoffed she, “Whatever for?”  
Garren shrugged, “I do not know.  The Master has some purpose in it and need not explain Himself to such as we.”  
She guffawed, “some almighty Master!  Hah!  He probably does not even know himself.”  
Garren said sternly, “do not speak so of things you do not understand.”  
She laughed all the more, “I shall speak as I find!  But come, my old friend.  If we are both beyond time thus freed of mortal constraints, let us escape the clutches of both our masters and seek our own way in this twilit netherworld.  We need no help from either.  We could be veritable gods in our own right!”  Garren stared at her as if she had suddenly gone mad.  She did not notice, and caught up in her own dreams of immortality and godhood, she reached for his wrist and pulled her hand back suddenly, as if he had burned her.  “What was that for?” snarled she, “I offered to share eternity and power unthinkable with you.  How dare you repay my favor thus!”  
He said quietly, “I did nothing.  You are a servant of the Enemy and I of the Master.  Light and dark do not mix, one must overcome the other.  We may speak, but we are of two very different kinds that cannot touch.”  
“Then what are we doing trapped in this wretched limbo?” screamed she.  
“That is an excellent question,” came a harsh and grating voice.  A large black reptile, that walked on two legs, approached the pair; rage and cunning burned in his eyes.  He stared at Ariata hungrily and at Garren with great disgust but also with a little fear.  Ariata instinctively drew away from the thing, seeking shelter behind Garren but careful not to touch him.  The thing drew itself up to its full height and snarled, “she is mine by right!  She belongs to my master and therefore to me.  You have no right to keep her from me.”  
Garren did not seem impressed and said firmly, “there is no argument as to your rights, but she has yet to stand before the Master.  Your errand is but a little delayed.  Patience.  All will be accomplished.”  The creature hissed in rage and made to fall upon Garren with his terrible teeth and dreadful claws, but as the monster approached the man, he was suddenly suffused in a bright but pale light, like the full moon on snowy fields.  The creature hissed in agony and fell back in terror, for the moment subdued.  Ariata found herself drawing away from that terrible light.  As the monster withdrew, the light faded and Garren continued to stand unmoving between the monster and the girl.  
“Very well,” snarled the beast, “play your little game.  I shall wait.  But I shall amuse myself with your friend.  He is not yet beyond my reach.”  The thing hissed with laughter under its breath and approached the stunned Cayen.  The boy’s eyes grew large as the monster approached.  He wondered what fell powers it might have over those that yet drew breath.
Garren said calmly, “take heart Cayen!  The thing can taunt, tempt, lie, and threaten but cannot harm you as long as you remain firmly in the Master’s keeping.”  
The thing laughed Garren to scorn, “fine words for one safely beyond my reach!  It is easy to be brave when you are safe from all harm.  You however, are utterly alone and quite pathetic.  I can take you and do with you as I please!  Where is your precious Master in this, your hour of greatest need?  You are alone!  Abandoned!  Come, give yourself to me and I can see that you shall live again.  You shall have power beyond imagining and no longer shall this living death be all your future.”  
In a rasping voice, Cayen said, “go away!”  
The thing laughed, “is that the best you can do?  You are mine fool and I shall do with you as I please.”  
Cayen gasped through the pain, “I…never…yours…”  
“He is Mine,” said a voice like thunder in the mountains, “be gone fell beast, and leave him in peace.”  
The thing shrieked in unholy terror and withdrew to one side; it cowered like a beaten dog but continued to throw menacing glances at Ariata.  Garren had gone to one knee with head bowed, as Ariata stood with her mouth gaping open in shock.  The Master silently approached the stricken Cayen and nuzzled him gently.  The pain ceased, save for a small throbbing, which was enough to keep Cayen from slipping into unconsciousness.  The arrow remained firmly planted in his side and the mental confusion continued but an immense sense of peace fell upon him.
The Master left the stricken boy and faced Ariata, “come forth, child.”  She looked ready to argue but found she had no strength to resist.  Garren stood, backed away a pace, smiled at Cayen, cast a mournful look upon Ariata, and vanished.  She now stood alone before the Master of All: the Being she had spent her entire life avoiding.  She involuntarily went to her knees before the Master and looked Him full in the face.  The depth of His eyes was unspeakable; anger stormed on their surface but underneath were love and sorrow, so much sorrow, mingled together in endless quantity.  “You have forsaken Me,” said He.  
She could not hold such a gaze long and looked off to one side, but said, “yes, but I am ready to accept you.”  
“No,” said He, “you will never accept Me as I am but only think to accept Me as you imagine or wish Me to be.”  
Flabbergasted, she momentarily caught His eye but just as quickly dropped her gaze.  “I do not wish for the fate that awaits me,” said she with fear in her voice.  
He said, “it is a fate you freely chose and I cannot free you from it.”  
She stood in utmost anger, “what do you mean you cannot!  I thought you were all-powerful and love incarnate!  How can you claim to be unable to do a thing?  How can a loving being condemn any thinking creature to an eternity of utter darkness?”  
He gazed at her sadly, saying, “I did not condemn you.  You have condemned yourself.  I made a way for all thinking creatures to find Me, I gave them a map, but still many choose to wander, lost in the dark.  I gave you a mind and a choice.  I cannot trespass upon that choice because I refuse to take back the gift that has been given!  You are free to choose your own fate and I will not infringe upon that choice no matter how it pains Me.”
Again she looked into those fathomless eyes and saw the great anguish there that she or any of His beloved creatures might turn from Him and pursue their own destruction.  She was near to tears but said, “but why must we who did not choose to follow you be subjected to such endless suffering and darkness?”  
He said with sorrow fit to fell the stars, “without Me there is neither hope nor joy nor life.  The place you have chosen to spend eternity is exactly what a place is without Me.  You would not be content or happy in My country even though the very air tingles with joy and music.  Unless you come with a willing heart it would ever be a torment to you.  Bitterness and resentment would haunt you all your days and be made the worse for all the joy around you in which you could have no part.  You are not willing to have Me as I am thus you are spared that agony but thrust into a pit of your own making.  I would not have it so, but thus was your choosing.”  
“Why?” said she in desperation, though she already knew the answer.  
He said quietly, “love demands it.  If I were to unmake you or trespass upon your own choices it would not be love but tyranny.  Therefore I must allow you to follow the path you have chosen no matter the pain to us both.”  She looked then deeply into His eyes.  She had thought to face Him in His wrath and thought that she could tolerate that, but the utter disappointment written there was more than she could bear, knowing that she was its cause.  With tears of greatest grief, she ran from that terrible gaze and fled into the woods.  The monster leapt upon her as she ran and together they vanished.  The Master gazed after for a moment and shook His head in deepest sorrow then faced again the dying boy.
Cayen could not move or speak but his eyes were red with weeping.  The Master nuzzled him gently, saying, “remember what you have seen here.  Tell all you may, that perhaps they can avoid such an end.  Till I call you home, I shall ever be with you.”  A single tear fell from His eye and landed on Cayen’s wounded side.  Suddenly the pain was gone, his breathing was far easier, and the turmoil in his mind ceased.  The Master too was gone.  Cayen fell into the dreamless sleep of exhaustion.  
He was wakened by Kalek nuzzling him insistently.  Korin smiled down concernedly at him and Taryl stared at him in amazement.  Cayen shakily sat up and glanced down at his bloodstained tunic.  The arrow was caught firmly in the fabric but save for the blood, there was no sign it had ever pierced his flesh.  He told his story to his astounded comrades, to their sorrow and astonishment.  Taryl said quietly, “one sometimes forgets what awaits those who choose to reject the Master.  It serves as a great reminder to spread His message that all might hear.”  They helped Cayen to his feet and he found he was far less exhausted than he was after his last brush with death.  Apparently nearly dying was not quite so hard upon the body as truly dying!  They rode back to Gitara to help as they could in restoring order to the country.  Cayen’s tale was soon heard by the Teaching sect and they quickly went to work putting it into a form that might be easily told yet long remembered by all who heard it.  It touched many hearts and reminded others of the truly important things in life and beyond it.


Chapter 11

For a time at least, it seemed the Brotherhood was quiescent, though the Brethren knew not the name of their insidious foe.  The threat was not gone but those bound to the Evil One went about in great secrecy while they gathered their strength for another assault upon all the Master held dear.  In the interim, both Tabitha and Korin were deemed ready to have adventures of their own.  During their apprentice days, there had been a fondness for and respect of one for the other on both sides but neither dared encourage or pursue the feelings further until they were beyond their apprenticeships and allowed to cultivate such relationships.  So it was that Korin stood before the Lady that she might inform him that he was no longer an apprentice, but suddenly she changed the subject saying, “and what are your feelings towards Tabitha?”  
He blushed, “is it that obvious?”  
She laughed, “it always is at your age.  I would advise you to wait a few years before pursuing anything further, that you might both be sure, but it may be more of a distraction to you to act thus.  I only ask you to make full certain of your own feelings, as well as hers.  You may well have three hundred years to maintain this relationship!  I also ask that you remember that either of you may be called home at any time but the survivor is still required to carry on with their duties towards the Brethren, the Master, and all mankind.”  
Korin bowed deeply and said, “Lady, I shall think deeply on this matter and speak at length with Tabitha but know that whatever our decision, it will not in the least interfere with our duties.”  
She smiled and said, “that is all I ask.”  He bowed deeply and left her presence.  
He quickly found Tabitha and informed her of both his new position as one of the Brethren and also of the Lady’s words.  She laughed, “the Lady had the same talk with me six months ago when she released me from my apprenticeship but I dared not speak with you about it until you were out of yours.  Shall we ignore one another for a few years or shall we make this a formal relationship?”  
Korin said, “it is a dangerous life and one or both of us may not be around in a few years, but the possibility of three hundred years together is also a daunting thought.  I think we should formalize our union and take each century a day at a time.”  She laughed warmly and pulled him into a hug.  
It was not long after that Tiara, Cayen, and various other friends and relatives were gathered before the Lady with Korin and Tabitha in their midst to witness the union of the two.  It was not the grand ceremony that others often made of such an occasion but simply a promise before the Lady, the Master, and all those gathered that they would love one another and be faithful to each other as long as life lasted.  There was much rejoicing at the union and supper that night was a splendid affair.  But their duties would not rest, even for such a joyous occasion.  The newlyweds were called to stand before the Lady the next morning and Cayen soon joined them; Cayen shared a pleased smile with his friend as his sister blushed for joy.  He was delighted to see them both so happy.  The Lady entered the chamber and the three bowed deeply as she took her familiar seat.  
“Now,” said she, “I have something of a family affair for the three of you.  The King of Nirth has requested our help in a variety of tasks.  He is suddenly without an Advisor, as it seems our former representative has quietly disappeared.  He asks that I send another in his stead and also someone to look into the crime, as he suspects that this is just the first move against his throne by those within his own court.  He also asks that we send a Teacher to remind his people of the Master and His ways, for it seems they are quickly turning away from Him and are thus more prone to rebellion and dissension.  Cayen you will be acting as my Advisor to the King and also accomplishing whatever else the King may ask of you, be it advising him in various matters of state, hunting down criminals, or interpreting the Law.  Tabitha, you shall travel throughout Nirth and speak to all who will listen of the Master and His ways, the royal court included.  Korin you are to join the court, saying nothing of your true allegiance, and see if you cannot discover who is behind this plot and put a stop to it.  Between the three of you, I hope this danger shall soon be at an end.  This will be dangerous for all of you, because whoever is behind it has already acted against one of our number and will not hesitate to do so again.  May the Master ride with you!”  The three bowed and went to pack for their journey.
Korin and Tabitha would set out together and part in a miniscule village on the edge of the small country.  Tabitha would spend a few days traveling from village to village and speaking with the people.  Korin would ride directly to the city and make his presence known to the King and ask after his advice in the matter and act accordingly.  Cayen would wait a few days and then he would ride to Nirth and make his formal appearance before the King.  Korin and Tabitha were quite pleased to make at least one journey together before their duties inevitably drew them apart for what might be months or even years.  The danger attending this assignment was no worse than that which seemed to accompany all such quests.  Korin was perhaps a little more anxious for his life now, having someone to share it with, but still he knew the Master was sovereign and no matter what happened, their lives were in His keeping.  He surrendered these uneasy thoughts to the Source of all Hope and continued their journey.  They rode quickly but not so hard that they could not enjoy the time they had together.  
All too soon the time of their parting came, they stopped on the path leading into the chosen village and exchanged one last embrace before bidding one another farewell.  Korin gave her a heartfelt smile and continued upon his road.  Tabitha watched her beloved disappear into the distance, waited an hour, and made her way into the village; her private grief at their parting would not keep her from her duties.
Korin rode on towards the capital city and presented himself to the guards upon the castle gates.  They looked over the dusty boy and exchanged an amused glance when he said the King was expecting him.  The captain said, “and what would his Majesty have to do with a dusty youth such as yourself?”  
Korin was not intimidated and said simply, “I have come to join his court and learn what I may.”  
The guard laughed, “you have not the look of a courtier!  I do not think his Majesty would be pleased to have such a ragamuffin on display for all the world to see.  You would make Nirth a laughingstock!  Be gone boy and trouble us no more.”  
Korin sighed, “his Majesty is well aware of my current situation and would be rather disappointed were I not to make an appearance.  Please forgive my current condition but such is the necessity of travel.”  
The captain sighed and said, “on your head be it if his Majesty is not pleased to see you.”  Korin bowed politely as the man went to inform the King.  The man returned with a stunned look upon his face, “his Majesty seems to be expecting you and rather amused by your presence.  Come, we must not keep the King waiting.”  Korin abandoned Takar to the servants and followed the guard into the castle.
They presented themselves before his Majesty, and after their bows, the King motioned for the guard to return to his post.  The King looked the boy over as an amused smile played across his face; he said, “the man was not joking when he said you do not look the part of a courtier my boy, but we shall soon rectify that.  You are come alone?”  
Korin said, “the Advisor you have requested will follow in a few days.  My wife is abroad as we speak, teaching in your villages.  She will present herself before you soon.”  
The King smiled, “excellent, now I will tell you what is happening in Nirth.  As you know, my former Advisor simply disappeared some weeks ago and has not been seen since.  I assume that he did not ride home?”  Korin shook his head sadly and the King nodded, as he continued, “I thought as much.  I shall miss him, he was a wise and honorable man.  But his unfortunate demise, I fear, is not the last of the treachery stalking Nirth.  I fear that some of the young lords, if not my own sons, are plotting against me and hope to take the throne for themselves.  Even the peasants are starting to talk of a change, and I think whoever is behind the plot is also behind the uneasy rumors circulating amongst the commonfolk.  I hope that your wife is able to remind them of their duties not only to me, but also to the Master.  If I were an oppressive overlord they may have some right to complain, but they complain that I am too soft and thus weak!  As if a harsh master would be a better King.”
He sighed deeply and continued, “I wish you to join the court and if you can, gain the favor of my sons and their closest friends.  Once they take you into their confidence, perhaps you can get to the bottom of this mystery?  I know you are forbidden from telling an untruth thus I shall do what I can to cover your identity.  I shall let it be noised about that you are the youngest son of the least of the lords of…where did you say you were from?”  
Korin smiled as he bowed, saying, “before I went to Astoria I lived in Kirianth.”  
“Very good,” smiled the King, “if there is a more poverty stricken nation in existence, I cannot name it.  Most of our peasants live better than even the lords of that land.  You need only claim your native country and they shall not look deeper, unless you give them reason to, though this may work against you in gaining their trust unless you can play the obsequious fool?”  
Korin shook his head gravely, “I cannot truthfully toady up to others and thus must hope to gain their respect by some other means than my seeming wealth and status.”  
The King nodded, “then do what you must to bring this plot to an end.  Let me know if I may be of any assistance.”  
Korin bowed deeply, saying, “I shall do all I can to see to the safety of yourself and all of Nirth.”  The King rang for a servant and gave orders regarding their rather dusty guest.  Korin soon found himself scrubbed, polished, and garbed in some rather stuffy clothes but he now looked the part of a young lordling ready to take his place at court.
That evening, the various members of the royal court assembled before the King, as was their habit.  The King called the boy before him and introduced Korin to all and sundry saying, “this young man has come from Kirianth, where his father is the least of lords.  He being the youngest son, saw the hopelessness of his situation and the pathetic attempt at nobility for which Kirianth is infamous and rode in search of a proper education in the ways of the aristocracy and hopes to find a brighter future among us.”  With that, the boy was dismissed to the company of the younger members of the assembly.  
The King had three sons; the two eldest had assembled a small group of arrogant and likeminded friends from among the sons of the nobles.  The youngest was a bit more withdrawn than his elder brothers and tended to stay out of the public eye as much as he could.  He was content to spend long hours in the library or wandering in the woods, rather than strutting like a rooster in an attempt to impress the court.  His brothers happily ignored him and continued with their own schemes.  They surrounded the newcomer curiously, wondering what sort of man he might be.  They were always eager to find another accomplice in their quickening plots.  They were not impressed by his lineage but perhaps he had certain qualities that might redeem him in their sight.
“Welcome to Nirth,” said Prince Orick, the eldest of the King’s sons, “that you have ridden to Nirth to learn the ways of the world shows an impressive sense of pride on your part I think.  Who would stay in Kirianth if they could help it?  I like a man with aspirations, but what are your aspirations?”  
Korin bowed politely and said, “I thank you for your greeting.  I am in Nirth to learn what I can from such auspicious persons as yourselves.  As far as what my future holds, I cannot say, for I came empty handed and perhaps that is how I shall leave, but I hope a little wiser for the experience.”  
Prince Darak laughed, “then you have not come to overthrow the throne or marry into one of our august houses?”  
Korin grinned, “I had not thought to aspire to such lofty heights.  I simply came to learn what I could and perhaps aid your country in some small service.”  
“Since you have nothing better to do, let us get to know one another tomorrow,” said Orick, “would you care to join us on a hunting foray?”  
Korin bowed, “it would be my pleasure.”  
“Excellent,” said Orick, “then we shall see you in the morning.”  The small entourage of aspiring lords followed after the two princes as they moved off into the crowd.  Korin spent the balance of the evening exchanging small talk with various members of the court and then retired to his room.  He wondered just what might happen on the morrow’s hunt.
He was wakened early by a servant and quickly donned clothes appropriate to a man of his seeming station for a day’s excursion into the woods.  He took his bow, sword, and dagger and quickly made his way to the stables.  He found the courtyard empty of the nobility but busy with servants tacking horses and packing supplies.  Takar waited patiently in his stall and whickered eagerly upon sighting his master.  Korin tacked him up and led him out into the courtyard to await his hunting companions.  The young men were just emerging from the castle and watched in bemusement as their guest led his mount out of the stables, wondering what strange country Kirianth must be if the nobles were required to do such a tedious task as tack up their own horses.  
As Korin approached, Orick said, “if you had but waited, the servants would have attended to your mount.”  
Korin shrugged, “I had nothing better to do and my mount can be a bit of a handful at times so I like to attend to the business myself.”  Takar gave him a patient look and Korin patted the great neck in reassurance.  
“Suit yourself,” laughed Darak, “come, let us be away.  All seems ready!”  They swung into their saddles and set off at a fast trot, eager to begin the hunt.  A dozen servants accompanied the young men, ready to dress and carry back to the castle whatever game they managed to bring down.  Korin shook his head at the amount of manpower and resources the young nobles put into such a pursuit and wondered if Nirth could afford such a luxury.  His native Kirianth was far from supporting such a use of time and energy.  
They rode for a time and finally drew rein before a tangled wood, there were few paths running through the maze and it would take a skilled horseman to even keep his seat, let alone pursue and bring down any game.  Orick and Darak exchanged an amused grin as they watched Korin’s reaction.  Orick said, “this area abounds with game but it takes all the skill we have to even remain horsed!  We could try elsewhere but the hunting is not near so good or the ride so exciting.  Come!”  He laid his heels to his horse’s flanks and disappeared down a narrow trail that wound into the overgrown thicket.  
Takar needed no urging to take after the man; he could not resist such a challenge.  They galloped recklessly through the tangled wood, ducking branches, leaping logs, and trampling brush as they ran.  They split into several parties; Korin found himself riding with the princes.  They were skilled horsemen and stayed in their saddles but several of their friends were not so lucky and spent the balance of the day chasing their strayed horses.  Orick was hoping to root out a boar, Darak was willing to shoot anything that moved, and Korin just hoped this ride was not suicide, but he had never had such an exhilarating ride in his life.
Takar scented a stag somewhere in the distance and suddenly left the trail in pursuit.  Unicorns have the uncanny ability to move almost silently, even through such a pathless tangle as the overgrown woods through which they rode.  As they came within sight of the creature, Korin fitted an arrow to the string as Takar continued his silent approach, but the young princes had noticed their companion was no longer following and went in search of the errant boy.  They came crashing up behind him with noise enough to rouse the dead.  The stag was startled by the ruckus and made to flee, but Korin loosed his arrow and it flew true.  The stag stumbled and fell.  They rode towards the prone beast to make sure it was dead.  “Nice shot,” said Orick, impressed, “there are few who could take such a beast over such a distance as it tried to flee!”  
Darak said, “you must have ears like a hare or a nose like a hound!  How ever did you know the beast was here?”  
Korin shrugged, “I have no special senses but come, let us find the servants and get the creature back to the castle before it goes to waste.”  Orick nodded, as this was only sensible, for the day was starting to grow warm.  They rode back and notified the servants, who quickly went to attend to the felled deer.  
As Korin led the servants back to the stag, Orick said to Darak, “I am not impressed by his background but can we leave such a fellow to his own devices?  One of his skill must certainly be useful to our future endeavors.”  Darak nodded eagerly and they made plans to gain the support of Korin.
The other hunters returned as night was falling, all weary but with little to show for their efforts.  The servants were well on their way back to the castle with Korin’s stag and the excess horses and supplies, but the hunters decided to invade the local inn ere they rode home.  The eight huntsmen sat gratefully at one of the tables and a serving girl quickly brought them ale to slake their thirst.  After refreshing himself, Darak started to look curiously about the room, his eye soon fell upon what had drawn the attention of all the others.  A young woman stood before the fire and seemed to hold everyone’s attention, as if by some spell.  She was recounting some tale or other of the Master and told it with such skill that one could almost feel the awe of His presence and look into those eyes beyond depth.  She finished her tale and the spell was broken but many hearts had been moved; Darak’s heart was not among those so touched.  
The girl began speaking quietly with several of her listeners as Darak turned his attention to Orick.  Orick had also been admiring the girl, though she seemed convinced of her mythology, she was still a striking creature and he would not mind getting to know her better, commoner or not.  He shared a knowing smile with Darak.  Korin watched the exchange with concern but kept a neutral expression on his face.  Orick and Darak stood, they also roped Korin into their scheme, then the three approached the young woman.  She finished her conversation and turned to face her visitors.  Her cheeks flushed in pleasure when she saw Korin, but she kept her eyes focused slightly off to one side of Orick.  Orick mistook this as a positive sign, inspired by himself.
He bowed and said, “lady, it would do me much pleasure if you would present yourself before the King of this country.  Would you do us the honor of attending the royal court?”  
She smiled warmly and bowed, saying, “nothing would please me more, my lord.  I shall attend in a few days.”  
He kissed her hand and said, “then until that day I shall anticipate nothing with more pleasure.”  She shook her head in amusement and Korin rolled his eyes, but she gave him a roguish grin and he returned it.  They parted, collected the rest of their hunting party, and rode back to the castle; Orick, quite pleased with the events of the evening, soon he would have another addition to his retinue, the throne would be his, and he would have a beautiful lady upon his arm.  It was turning out to be a rather pleasant day indeed.  Korin rode on silently, wondering what part he and his wife would play in the unfolding drama.  Before parting that evening, the young princes asked that Korin attend them for breakfast the following morning.  
Morning came all too swiftly and a servant summoned the groggy Korin to the breakfastroom wherein the princes awaited him.  After he made his bows, the servant disappeared, leaving him quite alone with the young princes.  They motioned for him to take the empty place at the table and allowed the meal to begin before broaching the business at hand.  “Now,” said Orick, once everyone was settled, “despite your obscure background, we were quite impressed with your performance yesterday and would not be disappointed to know you more.  Perhaps we may even take you deeper into our councils, but you must first earn our trust.”  
“Of what are you speaking, my lord?” asked Korin carefully.  
Darak laughed, “it is well that you ask.  These are uneasy times in Nirth.  The peasants are restless and soon might come to demand more of their King than he has the heart to give.  We of course mean to do what is best for the King and all of Nirth.  We will tell you more if ever you gain our confidence.”  
“And how am I to do that?” asked Korin quietly.  
Orick laughed, “that is an excellent question and when an opportunity presents itself, I shall certainly let you know what you must do.”  
Korin nodded, “I understand.”  They continued the meal, speaking of less cryptic and sinister matters.

Cayen swiftly made the journey to Nirth, wondering how Tabitha and Korin were doing in their own duties.  He presented himself before the guards and was swiftly admitted, for the King was anxious to meet his new advisor.  “So you are come at last,” said the King, after the boy had bowed himself in, “you are quite young for such duties but I do not think your Lady would have sent you, were you not qualified.”  
“I am at your service Majesty and what skill I possess is at your disposal,” said Cayen formally.  
“Excellent,” said the King, “I have been quite adrift since your comrade disappeared.  I will seek your advice in all matters of state, you shall be set to pursue certain criminals, you shall dispense justice at my behest, and ever shall you interpret the Law and the Truth at need.  You are also to see that order is maintained within my court and if possible, keep my person safe from any attempts upon my life.  Are you up to these tasks?”  
Cayen bowed formally, “yes Majesty, I am.”  
“Good,” said the King, “then I shall call you my Minister of Justice.”  
Cayen shook his head in amusement but could not gainsay the King in this matter.  After he had had a chance to freshen up, he was presented before the court.  Cayen noticed Korin in the company of several proud looking fellows their own age and wondered if these were not the young princes.  The King announced, “this young man is my new Minister of Justice and is to be treated with all respect.  He has my authority to oversee all the happenings in Nirth and to act in the best interests of the Kingdom.  He is to be my advisor in all matters concerning the Truth, the Law, and justice.”
Orick whispered quietly to Darak, “just what we need, another of those fool Brethren to meddle in our plans!  I had thought that little problem had been dealt with.  Perhaps the time has come for our new friend to earn our trust?”  Darak nodded with a pleased smile upon his face.  Korin wondered what they were discussing so secretly with so much anticipation.  As the King finished his introduction, Cayen wandered into the crowd and joined the young men gathered around Korin.   Orick said, “and who gives you the authority to act in this way?”  
Cayen laughed, “your father.”  
Orick sneered, “my father can grant such authority to his horse if he so wishes but that does not make him a good judge of anything.  What right have you to judge anything or even offer advice?  You are no older than I!”  
Cayen said, “your father’s wish not withstanding, I am one of the Brethren and therefore come under the authority of the Master Himself and also ride at the command of the Lady of Astoria.  Were I not so skilled, she would not have sent me thus.”  
Orick laughed scornfully, “you come under the authority of an obscure woman and a fairy tale?  We are now to take orders from something that never existed, save in legend?”  
Cayen asked quietly, “you challenge the authority of the Master?”  
Orick laughed, “if he exists, he is either dead or has abandoned all creation to its fate, else would he not yet walk among us as some think he once did?”  
Cayen said, “the Master did once walk among men, but it was our own actions that drove Him from our presence.  He died to spare us the full curse of our actions but creation is nonetheless marred until He again restores it to its proper state.  It was not that many years ago that these events occurred, but as time passes, the memory grows dim and even though we lived it, we cannot remember the world as it was meant to be.”
“There,” said Orick triumphantly, “you said yourself the Master died and we are on our own, thus you have no authority here.”  
Cayen shook his head in amusement, “the Master died but something as meager as death cannot hold such as He!  He lives again and in Him we may also find life and truth, peace and joy.  I serve the living Master with all my being, but even this is little recompense for the grace He has given me.”  
“Suit yourself,” laughed Orick, “though I may not respect your authority in any matter, as I doubt the verity of your tale.”  
Cayen shrugged, “abide by the laws of your father and you shall have no need to deal with me, unless you have some question that I might answer?”  
Orick laughed, “I would as soon ask my father’s horse!”  The boys gathered about the prince laughed as well and they withdrew deeper into the crowd.  Orick said quietly to Korin, “I begin to dislike that arrogant youth.  Perhaps we should find some way to release my poor father from his influence.  This may be your chance to gain our favor and share in things to come.  But for now, let us watch and see what shall come of this young upstart.”  He finished speaking and a smile graced his lips as he saw Tabitha enter the chamber.  At last had come the lady of his heart.  
She approached the King and bowed politely and said, “sire, I am come at your behest and am at your service.”  
The King smiled and said, “and what command could bring forth such a gracious young lady?”  
She smiled merrily at him and said, “did you not request of the Lady of Astoria that she send someone to teach your people?”  
The King nodded, “I certainly did.  And I take it that you are said Teacher?”  Tabitha bowed and he said, “then go wherever you wish in my Kingdom and remind this hard headed people that the Master yet lives and we owe Him our all!”  
She bowed again and left, saying, “it is my honor, my Lord.”
Orick was not happy to learn that his father had requested that so many of the Brethren should haunt his land or to learn that his lady was in fact one of that deluded tribe.  His father was growing dangerous; he would have to be dealt with soon.  He still found the lady quite beguiling, perhaps she could be taught the folly of her ways and then would need someone to help her through her grief?  An unpleasant smile touched his lips as he thought on these things.  Korin was happy to see his wife and proud of her address to the King, but was not sure he liked her so close to the cads who were conspiring against the King.  Orick approached the lady and his retinue followed like so many sheep their shepherd.  
Tabitha bowed politely saying, “we meet again, my lord.”  
“Yes,” said Orick, “why did you not tell me of your unfortunate attachment?”  
She smiled amusedly and said, “you did not ask.”  
Orick sighed, “and have you ever considered another path in life?”  
She laughed, “none, I am quite content where I am.”  
“But have you not considered something greater and more worthwhile?” asked he.  
She laughed again, “what can be more worthwhile than serving the Master?”  
“Are you not a bit old for such stories?” asked Orick.  
“The Master is no bedtime tale,” said a new voice.  Orick glowered as Cayen joined their conversation.  
“You are not invited into our discussion,” said Orick grouchily.  
Cayen laughed, “I am sure my sister would be happy to oblige me.”  
Orick growled, “you mean your sister in your cause of course?”  
Cayen laughed, “she is that also, but she truly is my sister by birth.”  
“Lovely,” said Orick, who was now even more disappointed in his lady love.  How could he find the sister of this fool attractive?  “You of course will not interfere if I choose to pursue her?” said Orick testily.  
Cayen laughed, “there shall be nothing to interfere in.  She is bound to the Brethren and cannot pursue such a relationship outside our order.  Your hope is futile.”  
Orick looked to the lady, “is this true?”  
She laughed, “of course, we cannot tell such a lie without breaking Oath!  Please do not waste your feelings and time on such as I.”  
Orick sighed, “perhaps someday we shall come to a better understanding of one another, until then, farewell.”  She smiled warmly and let Cayen take her arm as they walked away to speak with other members of the court.  Orick growled, “I will have that woman if it is the last thing I do.  Come, we have plans to make!”  Korin’s heart sank as he thought of Orick pursing Tabitha thus.  He prayed that between them, they could soon end the plot and go home, far from the grasping thoughts of Orick.
They withdrew to a dark corner of the library and the other inhabitants quickly found something to do elsewhere.  Orick paced vigorously before Darak, Korin, and their assembled lordlings.  As he paced, he ranted, “we must be rid of this intruder lest he interfere with our plans for Nirth.  I cannot abide his presence nor will I have such a brother-in-law.  The woman does not yet realize it, but she is mine and one way or another, I shall have her.  We must devise a way to rid Nirth of the man and somehow win the lady to our cause.”  As Orick plotted, Korin felt his heart grow cold within him for fear for his wife.  Before they parted for the evening, Orick pulled Korin aside saying, “tomorrow you shall have your chance to prove yourself.  And after that, greater things await.”


Chapter 12

After the princes and their retinue vanished, Tabitha said quietly to Cayen, “and what part shall Korin play in all this?  He cannot enjoy the company of such men but I fear they will pit him against us in some plot.”  
Cayen nodded grimly, “we must wait and see what shall happen and then act accordingly.  Perhaps the Master can use this bizarre situation to unmask the scoundrels plotting against the throne.  We will trust Korin to do his part and we shall do ours.”  
She nodded grimly as they parted to speak with other members of the court.  In honor of the new additions to his court, the King was pleased to host a ball and the court was more than happy to attend.  The servants were not pleased at such short notice but swiftly went about preparing for the event, which was set for the following evening.  Korin was both eager for the evening’s festivities and anxious, for tonight Orick’s plot would begin in earnest and he was to be at the very heart of it.  The only reason to look forward to the ball was that Orick insisted that Korin dance with his wife.  Orick’s plot should have failed for his lack of understanding of the Brethren, but to advance their own cause and expose the scoundrels for what they were, they would have to work around the plot’s shortcomings without breaking Oath.  If handled carefully, Korin thought it just might work, though he was not sure how to end it to everyone’s satisfaction.  
Early that morning, Cayen found the King’s youngest son reading in the garden.  The boy at first made to vanish before the stranger could speak with him but something verging on curiosity stayed his flight.  He had been watching from a secluded balcony last evening as the young man debated with Orick and was intrigued that such a youth would dare stand against a prince!  
Cayen smiled warmly at the boy and said, “you must be Prince Ayek?”  The boy nodded and motioned for the man to sit beside him on the bench.  Cayen continued, “do you know what strange plots are afoot within your own castle?”  The boy was quiet but very observant and he knew that his brothers plotted against their father but had no proof nor nerve enough to broach it to his father, but something in this stranger made him long to tell what he knew.  He was the least of his father’s sons and gifted with neither martial skill nor a strong personality; he enjoyed books and nature and the silence of his own thoughts, he saw much but spoke little.  He was noticed as little as a shadow by those who thought themselves his superiors, and was ignored by the servants, of whom he asked nothing.  Thus had his life passed in relative peace, but here was a man who seemed ready to listen yet demanded nothing that he did not wish to tell.  
The boy said, “I know my brothers plot against my father and they had some hand in the disappearance of your comrade, but I do not know the details nor do I have the courage to tell my father for fear of my own life.”  
Cayen nodded, “I think your father knows as much but has as little evidence and thus cannot prove his suspicions, perhaps time will help us unravel this mystery.  You have nothing to do in these plots?”  
The boy looked the man in the eye and said, “no, I aspire to no such evil.”  Cayen knew he spoke the truth and together they talked at length on what to do about his brothers’ plots.  Darak watched from the shadow of a distant doorway and then disappeared into the castle.  Orick would not be happy that Ayek was plotting with the dratted man.  He was correct, Orick was not happy but that was something to be dealt with later once the fool was out of the way.  
Orick turned to Korin, “you are ready for tonight and the part you shall play in our plot?  Succeed and you shall aid us in an even greater feat, but for now let us focus our energy on getting rid of the man and capturing the heart of the woman.  You know what you must do?”  
Korin nodded, “I shall dance with the lady tonight and hope to gain some foothold in her affections.  After that we shall see.”  
“Excellent,” smiled Orick, “I look forward to this evening.”  

Evening came and the court gathered, bedecked in their finest; music and the scent of rich food filled the air.  The courtiers enjoyed the finest fare Nirth had to offer, chatted gaily about nothing important, and danced the night away.  Tabitha and Cayen danced with many of the guests simply out of politeness.  Tabitha dreaded having to do such an honor for Orick, but it seemed he was resigned to his fate, at least regarding her favor.  Korin however, had no qualms about claiming her hand; she was delighted to let him lead her to the floor.  As they danced, he said quietly, “I am sorry to involve you in this plot but this is my chance to gain the favor of those plotting against the King.  As you know, Orick wants your affection at all costs.  He has asked me to dance with you in hopes of gaining your regard.  I am to come to you tonight whether you would wish it or not.  He hopes your brother will be so angered by my conduct or yours, that he demand a duel for your honor.  He hopes that I will best Cayen and that in doing so, I shall simultaneously rid him of his enemy and earn your enmity, and that in your grief you will turn to him for comfort.  Once this is accomplished, I shall have earned their trust and Orick will have gained all he wishes, save the throne, which I fear will be his next endeavor.”  
Tabitha laughed, “it is a good plan, save that such cannot be tolerated amongst the Brethren!  We do not offer duels for a lady’s honor.”  
Korin smiled, “I know, but Orick does not understand our ways.  I think this the best way to betray their plot to the King.  Of course Cayen must be willing for our schemes to succeed and we certainly cannot kill each other.”  
Tabitha nodded, “it shall certainly be an interesting night!”
Korin left his lady and again joined Orick and his minions.  “Well?” asked the prince.  
Korin smiled wryly, “I think she likes me; she has promised to dance with me again this night.  Who knows what may come of it?”  
Orick laughed coldly, “for your sake I hope all goes according to plan.  Just remember not to get too attached, for the girl is mine.”
Korin nodded and waited patiently for Tabitha to be free once more, that he again might spend a little time in her pleasant company.  Cayen watched curiously the exchange betwixt his comrades and wondered what Orick was plotting.  Ayek watched as well from a shadowed corner and vowed to keep a close watch upon the lady this night; he would let no harm befall her if he could help it.  He did not know who the man was who kept company with his elder brothers and paid so much attention to the lady, but he would not let him hurt her.  He did not think he was brave, but he had a valiant heart when it came to protecting those who could not protect themselves.  The night grew old and even the most stouthearted dancers eventually withdrew to their quarters.  
Tabitha bid Korin goodnight after their last dance and Orick caught him before he left the hall, “you know what you must do?”  Korin nodded.  Orick smiled, “then be about it quickly, for greater things are yet to come.”  Orick disappeared towards his own chambers as Korin sought out Tabitha’s rooms.  Darak followed silently after to watch what would come of this night.  Ayek crept quietly after his brother, as softly as a hunting cat.
Korin knew Darak was following as he knocked upon Tabitha’s door.  She opened the door a crack and said sleepily, “yes?”  
Korin said quietly, “lady, may I have a word with you?”  
She smiled slightly, opened the door wide enough to look into the hall, and said, “can this not wait until morning, my good sir?”  
Korin laughed quietly, “my lady, it is already considered morning by some, but I must tell you something that cannot wait.”  She saw at least one shadow in the hall that she suspected to be a spy and thought she saw another but was not sure.  Either way, she knew they were being watched.  
She said, “sir, you would impose upon me after so short an acquaintance?”  
Korin laughed, “lady, I love you more than I can say and I would have you know it this very night.”  He gently pushed her back into the room and drew the door shut behind him.  
Tabitha whispered quietly, “there is at least one man, if not two watching in the hall.”  
Korin nodded, “prince Darak is out there but I do not know if there is someone else.  We need to make this look authentic.  Would it be better if you seemed to hate me or love me?”  
She laughed, “I do not think it befits one of the Brethren to fall so easily in love with a cad.  I think it best if I seem the imposed upon lady as long as this charade lasts.”  
Korin nodded a little sadly, “I had hoped to gain your affection but I think you are correct in your reasoning.  I must bide my time before I again reap the benefits of your love.”  
She laughed quietly and said, “you are ever in my heart and mind no matter what others think or how many months or leagues sunder us!”  He embraced his wife and then they got down to business with their own plot.
The exchange had taken only moments and Tabitha soon made it known to those in the hall, if not the entire castle, that she was not happy to be so imposed upon.  She drew a dressing gown about her person and said in a loud, stern voice, “you dare too much sir!  Be gone from my presence and my room, else I shall call the guards.  My brother shall certainly hear of this!”  Korin, impressed with his wife’s mock rage, quickly withdrew from the room as she fled in the direction of Cayen’s quarters.  
Once the girl was gone, Darak came out of the shadows and said, “well done, now let us hope her fool brother does his part.”  Ayek followed silently after the pair but to no avail.  Tabitha was quickly admitted into Cayen’s room, he had not been able to sleep with wondering what was happening to his sister and his friend.  He looked quite concerned at her attire and he had heard the ruckus down the hall.  She quickly told her tale and he found himself quite amused with the plot.  
He laughed, “the Lady might never forgive us this charade, but perhaps it is necessary for the furtherance of our plans.  To think that the Brethren might duel amongst themselves, even in jest!  I shall do as they desire, but what is to be the outcome?  We most certainly cannot kill each other and Korin must certainly win.  If he grants me mercy in my defeat, I am afraid that such an act will not buy him favor in the eyes of Orick, but it is the only way.  We must proceed and ask the Master to see us through.”
Darak and Korin returned to Orick’s quarters, where the prince was waiting impatiently.  Upon entering he said, “well?”  
Darak laughed, “it is begun and remains only for the fool to do his part.”  
“Good,” smiled Orick.  
Korin said, “and what if things do not fall out as you had hoped?”  
Orick laughed, “you will pester the lady until the fool is forced to do as we wish and then we shall proceed as planned.”  Korin nodded grimly, wondering how all this would end.  They had not been together long when a knock sounded upon the door.  Darak opened it and jumped back in surprise from the stern looking Cayen standing without.  
“Yes?” growled Darak, “What do you want at this hour?”  
Cayen said quietly, “I wish to speak with the man who forced his way into my sister’s bedchamber this night!”  
Darak grinned coldly, “he is here.  What would you have of him?”  
Cayen said, “we shall decide this matter tomorrow before the entire court.  Usually this would not be an approved method of settling such a dispute but these are strange circumstances and I fear I must propose a duel.”  
Korin caught his eye and barely kept from smiling in amusement, “tomorrow it shall be then.”  Cayen nodded curtly and withdrew into the hall.  
Darak shut the door and smiled triumphantly, “it has begun.”  
Orick yawned, “we had all best get some sleep then.”  
Korin said, “before this is settled one way or the other, I must know something.  What happened to the Lady’s former Advisor to the King?”  
Orick laughed darkly, “the same thing that will happen to you should fail to kill that man tomorrow.”  Korin nodded grimly, sought his quarters, and endured a sleepless night.
Morning came and the moment of decision was before them.  The court was well aware of the happenings in the night and was eager for this sport put on for their amusement.  The King was quite confused by the ordeal, as he knew the identities of those involved but said nothing as to his perplexity.  Cayen and Korin bowed to each other as they faced off within a ring formed by the curious courtiers.  They drew their swords and circled one another.  Orick watched with burning eyes, eager for his foe to die and to gain the woman he felt rightfully his own.  Ayek watched grimly, not knowing what to do, but knowing that the man who had dared to violate the lady’s room should not be allowed to win.
They began, and such was the skill of both combatants that Orick was vastly happy not to face the blade of either himself.  Steel met steel but never did it touch flesh.  They exchanged blows as they had done during countless practice sessions in Astoria.  Finally, Cayen nodded slightly and allowed Korin to disarm him.  Cayen sank to his knees before his friend, placing his life in his hands.  Knowing he could not kill his friend, but also knowing he might well die himself if he did not, Korin approached slowly with sword raised, trying to decide how best to proceed.  Orick’s eyes gleamed intently as he watched the fulfillment of his plans.  Suddenly Ayek jumped from the crowd and stood between Korin and Cayen.
The boy growled, “you will not touch him.”  
Korin sheathed his blade, bowed to the youngest prince, and said, “as you wish it, so shall it be.”  
Orick leapt into the fray and shouted at Korin, “what is this?  You will finish him or I will kill you myself.”  
Korin turned a hard eye upon Orick and said, “and what right have you to kill me?  Your duel is fought and won, be content!”  
Orick growled, “I will not be content until I have all that I want.  I want this fool’s head, I want the woman, and I will have the throne!  None shall stand in my way.”  
Korin laughed, “those are lofty goals indeed, but who will aid you?  You shall not have them, can I help it.”  
Orick smiled grimly, “perhaps the time has come for action.  I will kill you and then take care of that other fool, then I shall take the woman and my father’s place.  I have help enough among my friends, among whom I thought you were numbered?”  
Korin drew forth his sword, “I was only your companion out of necessity, and now you will surrender and end these plots against your father or I shall deal with you as I must.”  
“And who will aid you?” scoffed Orick.  Korin glanced behind the man and saw Darak and several of the young lordlings approaching with drawn swords.  The courtiers sensed the mounting danger and quickly withdrew to the sides of the room, leaving the madmen room to fight.
Cayen had resumed his feet and retrieved his sword; Tabitha had hers out and stood beside her brother.  Ayek had no idea what was going on, but followed Cayen and his sister, wishing to help but not understanding.  “You are alone!” sneered Orick, “Even those you wronged seem willing to stand beside me.  I am glad to see they have come to their senses, perhaps there is yet hope for them.  Help me and I will remember it once I take the throne!”  
Cayen laughed grimly, “he is not alone; we fight beside him.  You have no right to the throne while your father lives.”  
Orick growled, “a problem I will soon remedy once I have dealt with you.  Ayek, get out of the way else your life is forfeit.”  
“Then it is forfeit,” snarled the boy, “I fight beside them.  Long have I stood aside and watched, but no more.”  
Orick sneered, “how is it you would fight beside him who has done you so much wrong?  Lady, there is still a place at my side should you wish it.”  
Tabitha laughed, “I am at the side of my husband and that is where I shall stay.  Drop your weapons or we will defend ourselves and the King.”  
“Husband?” gasped Orick, “How is this possible?  I thought you despised the man!  He nearly killed your brother.”  
Cayen laughed, “I was in no true danger; I could not ask for a nobler brother!  Now surrender or we fight.”  
Orick snarled, “the death of a traitor is all that awaits me, better to die fighting and have a chance at victory.”  He ran forward, sword raised, and the battle began.  It was seven against four, but the Brethren were well trained and well up to the task.  Ayek felt himself no great swordsman but he was the match of any of the young lordlings or his elder brothers.
The King sat on his throne and watched in bitter astonishment as the battle ensued before him; he had thought his sons a bit too arrogant but nothing had prepared him for this.  The Brethren did not wish to kill their foes, but they assumed themselves dead men and fought until the bitter end.  The Brethren and Ayek had taken several glancing wounds across the arms and flank, though they bled from several places, no one was badly injured.  Their foes however, fared far worse.  Only three of the seven yet moved, but their grasp upon life was quickly failing.
The King stepped slowly down from his throne and knelt beside the dying Orick.  “Why?” asked the stricken father of his son.  
Orick laughed weakly, “why not?  What is the worth of life if not to do as we please and take what we can?”  The breath left him and his eyes stared blankly.  
Darak crawled weakly towards Tabitha and grasped at her skirts.  She looked down with grief in her eyes, as he said, “can I yet seek this Master of yours?  I have made terrible mistakes but even now I would ask His forgiveness ere it is too late.  Is it too late?”  She knelt beside the dying man and offered what comfort she could.  As his strength abandoned him, he said weakly, “I die in peace.”  He looked miserably towards his father and said, “I am sorry.”  
His father knelt beside him and said, “I know, and know that I shall always love you.”  And then he was gone.  Tears ran down the King’s cheeks as he looked upon the carnage.  He sighed, “it is finished, but not in the way I had hoped, but perhaps it was a better ending than having to send my own sons to the headsman!  I know you tried to spare their lives and they were fools not to let you.  Thank you for your aid in this matter but you will understand if I do not rejoice in your success.”  
Cayen nodded grimly, “nor do we rejoice at the death of anyone, especially those yet sundered from the Master.  Tell us what we may do in the face of such tragedy?”  
The King nodded sadly, “teach my people that which they have forgotten that this may not happen to others!”  The Kingdom was shocked by the attempted coup and was eager for the words of the Brethren, for both the hope and peace it brought in the midst of such tragedy.  Ayek was a great comfort to his father, as were the words of the Brethren.  They remained for many months, helping the people of Nirth recover from this disaster, wrought by human arrogance.

 As time passed, humanity prospered and multiplied and the nations rose to greatness, but in their prosperity, the Master was forgotten and men thought themselves blessed by their own hands.  One nation became jealous of the next and soon wars were raging between the once peaceful Kingdoms.  The Brethren were everywhere in those days, trying to remind people of the Master, negotiating peace between warring nations, and defending those set upon by hostile forces.  The Brethren and their message were unpopular with the aristocracy, who turned a deaf ear.  Those that negotiated peace were despised and those that sought to protect others often fell in battle.  Thus it was that the Brethren were decimated and their message and efforts went unheeded.  The wars continued, and amid the chaos and destruction, plague too ravaged the world.  So it was that the nations that had arisen and prospered after the fall of creation fell again into a darkness of their own making, but all was not lost, for the Brethren yet remained and they would rise from the ashes and again tell the world that there was always hope in the Master.


Book II



Chapter 1

A constant drizzle from the disconsolate sky added to the dampness already enshrouding the world; the excess moisture made its way to the ground in a second shower from leaf and twig, where it pooled upon the remnants of last year’s foliage.  The cold damp of spring was determined to soak into the bones of all those foolish enough to be abroad on such a dismal day.  The Blindman was no such fool.  He sat in the crowded common room and spoke to his avid audience of many things, forgotten or spurned by most of humanity.  No one knew his true name, how old he was, where he had come from, how he had acquired his knowledge, or for how long he had been traveling and telling his strange tales in this particular part of the world.  All they knew was that he was wise beyond common wont and had been speaking in crowded common rooms in this manner since the long dead parents of the eldest members of the community had been children.
The old hermit was thought rather odd and eccentric but also a vital and beloved member of the local populace.  He traveled often between the various inns in the vicinity and slept wherever he was given a bed and ate whatever people offered.  It was obvious the man was blind but whether by birth or fate none knew, but he had a remarkable ability to find his way around the local countryside though he often needed help indoors.  He was cherished by one and all, especially the parents, for he was able to teach that which no one else knew or remembered.  His tales offered some hope in those dark and dangerous times.
The current atmosphere of the world was much like the attitude of the day: grey, somber, cold, and with little hope, save that perhaps there was a brighter day ahead though no one could be sure.  War and plague had ravaged the world for years beyond count and shattered the once great nations.  Desperate humanity pulled itself out of the wreckage and began once more to rebuild their lives.  If there is one enduring trait of humanity, it is their willingness to go on and rebuild after great loss and in the face of utter hopelessness.  The nations of old were gone, but there were small pockets of civilization where men gathered under the protection of some lord who might protect them at need, though for this they more often than not sacrificed much of their freedom and what little wealth they had.
But there were lawless men about and they were all too happy to prey upon those foolish enough to live without such protection.  Even those who thought themselves under a given lord’s protection sometimes found themselves at the mercy of bandits.  The local lord was aware of the Blindman, as had been three generations of his family before him; he tolerated the harmless old fool and even went so far as to occasionally appreciate his efforts to inculcate morals and dedication into the peasants of his small realm.  He seemed one small voice in the immense grey world speaking hope in the midst of despair: a guttering candle on the verge of night.
Most of the people who heard him thought him perhaps senile or saw him clinging fervently to some forgotten remnant of the past.  While his tales and histories were told with the greatest care for detail and accuracy, he had the unnerving habit to speak always and anon of the so-called Master of All.  This supposed being was thought in past years to be the originator of all things and ever to be watching over the deeds of men.  But the Master, as much else, had been forgotten or fallen into myth in the chaos that had engulfed the world for generations.  But the Blindman clung firmly to his beliefs and spoke often of the long forgotten Master.  Many were the hearts that yearned for the truth of such things and some actually believed, albeit in private.  But there was much doubt as to the veracity of these things, as how could a being of infinite love allow such suffering to encompass his beloved creatures?  
But ever the Blindman spoke of these things, hoping that even one heart might listen.  Such was the love of the people for the man that they did not hold it against him and considered it one of his quirks, something to be tolerated in an eccentric old uncle.  Such were the stories that the man told on this miserable day in the early spring.  And rapt was the attention of his listeners, though they themselves knew not why such tales enthralled them so.  It was as he was finishing one such tale that the door of the inn banged open and one of the local boys came running in with distress written large upon his face.  The tale was forgotten and every eye, including the sightless gaze of the Blindman, turned upon the distraught youth.
“Bandits!” panted the youth, “Bandits are coming!”  Though he could not see, this did not keep the hermit from taking charge of the now anxious situation.  
“Have you alerted the guard?” asked the hermit.  
The boy nodded, “my brother went running for the guard.”  
The Blindman nodded, “how many and how soon will they be upon us?”  
The boy said, “there are at least a dozen and they are hard upon my heels.  We have perhaps minutes.  The guard will not come in time.”  
The Blindman nodded, “then we must deal with this situation ourselves until help comes.”  
A woman in the crowd said, “how are we to fight a dozen men?”  
The Blindman smiled, “many of your menfolk have served in the guard at one time or another and have taught their sons how to wield a sword.  There are at least a half dozen men in this room who can wield a sword unless I mistake myself and twice that many half-trained boys.”  Amazed looks passed around the room and the hermit smiled in amusement, as if he could see their looks of astonishment.  He continued, “the women, children, and old folk shall make for the lord’s castle and the rest of us shall hold the bandits at bay.”  
“What if we get killed?” gasped one man.  
The Blindman smiled grimly, “that is certainly a risk but it is better to risk getting killed while defending yourself and buy the others time rather than to sit by and do nothing and let the bandits kill us all like so many sheep.”  A murmur of approval ran through the room and the plan was quickly put into action.  Those that had swords drew their weapons and the others with some experience or training in the arts of war armed themselves as best they could with knives, axes, and large sticks.  The Blindman insisted that his horse be fetched and that he be allowed to join in the encounter with the bandits.  All thought it madness but none could gainsay the stubborn man.
They gathered outside the inn in the steady drizzle, ready to face the oncoming brigands.   Everyone else hurried out the backdoor and made for the relative safety of the small fortress in which their lord dwelt.  The bandits soon made their appearance, scoffing at the small band of would-be heroes and their makeshift weapons, especially at the blindman upon a scruffy horse.  “You will come no further,” said the Blindman, “be gone or face our wrath.”  
The bandits laughed and their leader said, “and who are you to defy us?  You are no soldiers!  Surrender your treasures and women to us and we may spare your wretched lives.  Defy us and you will certainly die.”  
“Then die we shall,” said the Blindman, as he rode into the midst of the amused bandits.  Their amusement turned to astonishment, which quickly became rage.  Several boys appeared on the roof of the inn and peppered the bandits with arrows before the rest of the villagers dove into the fray and made it impossible for them to shoot without the risk of hitting one of their own folk.  Between the arrows and the surprise attack of the curiously skilled Blindman, half of the bandits were out of the fight before the rest of the townsfolk joined in.  They quickly overcame the suddenly outnumbered bandits but not without cost.  Two of the villagers were most certainly dead, three more nursed minor wounds, and the Blindman lay in the mud, gasping for air.  His mount had fallen and as the villagers picked themselves up, the creature drew his last breath, and to the astonishment of all, faded like mist.  It was obvious that his master would not long survive him.
The guards arrived too late to fight but gathered up the surviving bandits and herded them off to face their lord’s justice.  The villagers carried the moribund man into the inn and made him as comfortable as they could, standing about in a great and mournful throng.  The man could not see but he had a very good idea of how the people were taking his final moments.  Then he did the last thing imaginable and laughed through his pain and rattling breath.  He said, “have you not listened to me for countless years?  Have you heard nothing that I said?  What fear have I in death?  What fear has anyone who is in the Master’s keeping?  I will not survive the night, but the Master is always there for those who seek Him.  Do not despair, do not give up hope, rather seek Him Who is the source of all hope.  I shall pass out of the sphere of this dejected world into another place where not even the memory of pain or sadness lingers.  This is no reason to mourn but to rejoice!  I may fall silent but perhaps another voice shall speak of the things I can no longer utter to those I leave behind?”  
They thought the pain must be making him delirious but his words were not those of a man in a delirium but those of a man long absent from home, who was finally within sight of the familiar horizon.  Even the staunchest skeptics felt their hearts moved by his unflagging faith.  Night was falling as the majority of the villagers left the dying man to attend to the injured and the dead.  Only a trio of boys remained to sit with the man in his final hours.
Finally, one of the boys conquered his fear and spoke to this seeming legend before them, “how old are you?  Our grandparents and even their parents cannot remember when first you came or how long you have been here.”  
The man laughed weakly and grimaced with pain but said, “I am nearly two hundred and fifty years old.  I have been teaching you and all your forebears for over a century.”  
The boys gasped and another asked, “how can you have lived so long?”  
The man smiled, “the members of my order are gifted with lives far exceeding those of other men, assuming of course we are not slain in the course of our duties.”  
“What order?” asked the boy, “What duties?  Who are you?  Where do you come from?”  
The man coughed and another grimace of pain crossed his face with the effort but he said, “I grew up in a nation lost in the wars.  I remember when there was such a thing as civilization and peace.  I traveled to a forgotten land for an education and soon found myself taking an Oath to serve the Master with all my being.  After I had learned what I must, I set out on a life of adventure and danger in the service of others.  I was a Warrior who hunted down criminals, fought injustice, and defended the innocent.”  One of the boys was about to ask the obvious question, but the man seemed to know his mind and said, “how did I do such things when I am blind?  I was not always blind.  I once saw as well as any of you.  But one dark night I underestimated the number of men in a band of brigands I was pursuing and they captured me.  They found it far more satisfying to put out my eyes and leave me alone in the wilderness rather than to kill me.  Since then, my duty has been to teach others the things most important in this world and beyond.”
The third boy said, “how is it you could see to fight today?  You fell upon the bandits with all the skill of a seeing man.”  
The man smiled again, “you may have noticed the disappearance of my mount after he succumbed to his wounds?”  The boys nodded, though he could not see it.  He continued, “he was no normal horse but a thinking creature.  He was able to be my eyes.  How else do you think I found my way so easily from place to place but was nearly helpless indoors?  He was a dear friend but it shall not be long before we are united once more.”  The boys tried to take in these strange revelations, which only increased their insatiable curiosity; the old man could think of no better way to spend his last hours than answering their questions.  
The oldest boy spoke, “how is it you can still believe in the Master after all you have seen and lived through and suffered?  Why did he not protect you today against the bandits?  Why did my uncle have to die?”  
The man said solemnly, “it may seem that I have suffered much but the Master has suffered more.  He has never failed me though life at times has been harsh, but His joy is greater than the despairs and troubles of this broken world.  It is not His place to keep me from all harm, but it is my place to do what I can to protect others.  Your uncle died this day, as did another good man, and so will I.  It is the way of life in this shattered existence.  It is not how the Master made it but was brought about by human pride.  One day all wrongs will be set aright, but only the Master knows when that day will come.  For now, we must endure the fruits of our folly, and with the Master’s grace it will not overcome us.  He never said it would be easy, only that we would not be alone.  Bad things happen, but evil will not triumph forever.”
It was obvious to the three that the man was weakening and that his time was growing short.  In near despair, the eldest said, “we want to have an adventure!”  
The old man tried to laugh but it became a spasm and a fit of coughing.  When he had regained his breath, he said, “is it not adventure enough to live?  Why seek out danger when there is enough that threatens your own village?”  
The boy smiled sheepishly, “but your tales have inspired us and we wish to fight evil rather than wait for it to destroy all we hold dear.”  
The man said, “are you willing to die that others might live?”  The three nodded solemnly after a pause for thought.  The man could not see but he seemed to know their response.  “Very well,” he said, “I shall help you find that which you seek.  I know you are leery of the Master and His ways, but there is no greater adventure than a life lived in service to Him.  But that decision is not one you must make quite yet.  If you wish to learn to be heroes and fight evil, you must seek out an old friend of mine and he can direct you further.  Have you heard of Lord Brock?”  
One of the boys said, “his territory is not far from here; I have heard of it.”  
The man smiled weakly, “a friend of mine travels about within the bounds kept by Lord Brock.  Last I heard, he was still there but that was some years ago.  Seek him out if you truly seek adventure…”  The man coughed weakly, groaned, and said no more.  The astonished boys ran from the room to fetch their elders, unable to remain alone with a dead man.

Spring passed into summer and the excitement of the previous season soon faded into the quiet routine of daily life.  The old hermit was buried with the rest slain that day and his stories were missed but life went on.  Many hearts were stirred to wonder at the strange tales he had told and the fervency of his beliefs, even in his failing hours.  Perhaps there was something to this Master thing after all, but the chores of daily life soon drew their thoughts elsewhere and such ponderings were driven to the back of the mind, if not completely forgotten.
The three boys however, were restless after their encounter with the dying man and finally, they decided to attempt the impossible else they would find no rest.  Each was of age and as much as their parents disliked the idea of the boys going off on their own, they also knew their sons (and they themselves) would find no peace until they had attempted their quest and discovered that life was much more difficult than fairy tales held it to be.  With great sadness, they bid farewell to their sons and even found themselves silently begging the Master to watch over their adventurous offspring.  
The boys set off afoot armed with bows, daggers, and the invincibility of youth.  They had suffered much in their short lives and knew the meaning of hardship, thus the chance to protect others from such sorrow was a call they could hardly refuse.  They had enough food to get them to the territory held by Lord Brock and enough skill with a bow to provide something thereafter if they were lucky.  There were few roads in those days, as no one had time or resources to maintain them.  There were cart paths and poorly tended trails, which made travel possible but by no means easy.  At first, sleeping rough took its toll on their good humor but eventually they acclimated to life on the road and soon found their original excitement growing as they neared the lands of the mysterious Lord Brock.  They received many odd looks one night as they entered the first inn they had seen in weeks.  Travelers in those disquiet times were few and far between and often of a less than friendly nature.  Three travel-stained youths were certainly a strange sight to behold.  
“Where do you come from and what tidings do you bring?” asked one ancient man with a roughly carved pipe.  
Pip smiled and said, “we come from a village under the protection of the most honorable Lord Mavis.  We really have no great tidings.  Things are the same there as they have ever been.”  
The old man laughed, “you mean always on the brink of disaster?”  The boys smiled and several of the inhabitants of the common room laughed; it seemed all knew the current feeling of the world and dared to defy it and go about their lives anyway.  The old man smiled, “what brings you to our corner of the world?  Even travel of such small magnitude is rare in these days, especially by three mere youths.”  
The boys smiled eagerly and then Bard spoke, “we come seeking a certain person.  We do not even know his name.  He may be a warrior or a storyteller or anything in between.  There was a blind storyteller in our village who sent us in search of him, for there is something we wish to know and only he can tell us.”
The old man smiled, “a strange tale.  I daresay every lad wants to have an adventure and it seems you three have actually gone in search of one.  Does not every good story begin in such a way?  We have no warriors or storytellers to speak of in these parts; our lord does not approve of such things.  But it is said there is a strange man who haunts the woods in the north of this little country.  He is thought to possess much in the way of wisdom and knowledge and many have sought his insight over the years.  It is even said he chases down and destroys evil men and creatures.  But do not seek him needlessly for they say he will not suffer fools gladly and you take your life in your hands if you do.”  
The boys thanked the man for his words and spent what little was left of the evening swapping stories with the inmates of the inn.  But soon enough, all retired to their beds for all must be up early to go about the difficult business of eking out a living in those unforgiving times.  The boys retreated to the woods and found a secluded place to sleep before heading north in the morning.  They occasionally stopped and spoke with the locals as they traveled, but they knew little of the mysterious man in the north, save that his knowledge was much sought after and ever only in secret, for their lord was not approving of anyone knowing more than he.  They even found a few individuals who had met the man and were very impressed with the wisdom they had received, but they were not sure how to find him; it seemed that he found you, and only if he wished to.  Some thought him a myth or perhaps a ghost.  The lord had tried to root him out on several occasions but to no avail.  Yet he continued to haunt the north of that little land. 
They passed into the country he was said to roam and began to wander about the woods hoping for some glimpse of the specter.  For three days they followed game trails and little used paths hoping for some sign or sight but found nothing.  Finally, on a night of rain they crept into a small cave seeking shelter from the downpour.  There were old signs of a fire under the overhanging rock; they were not the first to seek shelter in such a place.  They scrambled around in the dark and found a small store of dry wood at the back of the little cavern, and they soon had a cheerful blaze going.  They sat about the fire while their shadows danced upon the wall and the rain continued on unabated.  To pass the time, they took turns telling stories, or as much as they could remember of various tales the Blindman used to tell.  As the night deepened, their thoughts turned towards bed.
They let the fire die down to glowing coals and as the last tale ended, a voice said, “not bad actually, though you mixed up a few of the less important details, but overall, not bad for a novice.  Now I must know where you learned your history?”
The sleepy boys looked up in surprise to see a cloaked man standing at the mouth of the cave, with rain dripping down his cloak.  He came in out of the rain as the boys moved towards their belt knives, but the man laughed merrily and said, “none of that please.  I am no bandit and even if I were, it would be a pointless exercise on my part, as I do not think you have anything worth stealing.  Had I wanted to, I could have slain you before you even knew I was upon you.  Though I am intrigued to find three boys alone in such a place on such a night.  As this is one of my accustomed sleeping places, it seems you are my guests and as such, it would be polite if you introduced yourselves.”
The boys relaxed as he spoke and quietly began to wonder if this was the man they sought.  Bard said, “I am called Bard, my friends are Pip and Quinn.  We come from the realm of Lord Mavis and are seeking someone who is said to frequent these woods.”  
The man smiled mysteriously, “and who is it you seek?”  
The boy said sheepishly, “we are not even sure.  There was a blind storyteller in our land and he sent us looking for a friend of his that is said to roam the lands of Lord Brock.  We heard rumors of a man, such as we might be seeking, said to be found sometimes in the north of this country.  Are you he?”  
The man smiled at some memory and said, “why did Korin send you looking for me?  He is much the wiser of the two of us.  What can I teach you that he cannot?  How is the old fellow?”  
“Who is Korin?” asked Pip.  
The man said, “he is your blind friend, did you not know his name?”  
The boys looked sad and embarrassed and Quinn said, “everyone just called him the Blindman and he never said if he had any other name.  He is dead.”  
The man nodded a little sadly and said, “I am sorry to hear it, but why do you seek me?  It is not wise for men to travel much in these dangerous days.”  
Quinn said, “we want to have an adventure and protect people from the evil and injustice that seems to lurk everywhere.  We wish to see a world where it is not foolishness to stir out of doors after dark.  Your friend said you might be able to help us.”  
The man laughed, “he did, did he?  Well, I will do what I can.  I suppose I can at least guide you safely to those who might avail you better than I.  Such lofty ideals should not be wasted.  Besides, it is high time I spoke with the Lady.  Let us get some sleep, as we must leave early.  I know you have many questions but it is a long road with ample time for such talk.”
The boys were reluctant to go to sleep on the cusp of such an adeventure, but they saw the sense of it and did as they were told.  Cayen roused them early, and in the pale grey of dawn, they could make out a plain looking man in his middle years with humor and wisdom writ strong in his face and eyes.  A dapple gelding was saddled and waiting outside the cave.  They quickly packed their scant belongings and ate a little food from their packs as they set out.  The man walked beside them and the gelding followed at his leisure, occasionally disappearing ahead or behind as he felt inclined.  The boys goggled at the strange behavior of the horse but their guide was not concerned in the least.  “Where are we going?” asked Pip.  
The man smiled, “we are going to Astoria and it will take us a month to reach it afoot.”  
“Astoria?” said Quinn, “The lands held by a lord of that name?”  
The man laughed, “no, it is a small country in the northeast of the world.”  
The boys shared an astonished look and Bard said, “I did not think there were any real countries still in existence.”
The man smiled, “there are a few, though they are lacking much of their former glory.  But you are correct in thinking most of the world divided into little lands protected by a lord or abandoned by men completely.  These are certainly dark days in the history of the world.”  
Bard asked, “is there a real king in Astoria?”  
The man laughed, “we have no King but the Lady rules there and oversees all that remains of the Brethren.”  The boys shared a quizzical look.  
Pip asked, “the Brethren?  The Blindman spoke of some order or other to which he belonged.  Is that its proper name?  What can you tell us of this peculiar order that holds seeming myth in such high esteem?”
Cayen laughed merrily, “the Master is no myth my young friend, though perhaps most of the world thinks Him so.  The Brethren are those who dedicate their lives to His service.  We fight injustice, protect the innocent, and teach the Truth and the Law.  We have dwindled as much as other men and nations in recent years and number far fewer than once we did, but we continue our age-old duties all the same.”  
Quinn asked, “and what awaits us in this strange country of yours?  Is there a place for those who do not seek the Master?”  
Cayen smiled, “there is ever a place for those who come wishing to learn, even if they doubt the Master.  But if you wish to learn more of the Master, you will also have that chance.  Fear not that He is a tale believed only by fools and weaklings, for I hope you do not find Korin or myself so?”
The boys exchanged a rueful grin and did their best to assure Cayen that they did not.  As they traveled, they heard many tales, and of an evening they would work on various aspects of physical combat.  Cayen had them learn to handle his sword and learn various forms with the weapon, but as they had only one blade, he could not have them practice against a similarly armed foe; they also practiced unarmed combat and their archery.  They lived off of what little they had left in their packs and on what they could scrounge from the land.  They did not starve but rations were not plentiful.  At random intervals, Cayen changed course or they hid in the shrubbery alongside their path, so as to avoid notice by others abroad on errands of their own.  Some were not friendly and Cayen had no wish to risk the boys in such an encounter.  The boys wondered how the man always knew when someone was nearby; it seemed the strange horse somehow alerted him to the presence of strangers.  Finally, they reached the borders of one of the few remaining countries on earth.
As they crossed the border, Cayen said, “these are the ancient borders of Astoria, though in these latter days we have not the numbers to patrol them as we should, thus they have reverted to wilderness and no-man’s-land.”  For two more days they trekked through the untamed land, which eventually gave way to tended copses, open fields, and pastureland.  Soon a great city towered above them, or at least it seemed a great city to the boys who had never seen anything greater than the meager castle of Lord Mavis.  
They stopped at the gates of the city and Cayen spoke briefly with the two guards stationed there; he greeted them as old friends, who had not seen one another in many years.  As they wound their way through the streets of the city, Pip asked, “do you know the guards well?”  
Cayen laughed, “I knew the one back in our apprentice days and the other is a stranger to me; it has been fifty years since I have seen one of my comrades and it is a great joy to be among my own people again.  It is always as if greeting a brother upon meeting, even if you are complete strangers.”  The boys looked confused but said nothing.
The city buzzed with activity, though one house or shop in three seemed empty or abandoned, for the city held fewer people than it was able to.  But for the village boys, it was an overwhelming flood of civilization.  They could not imagine the place in its glory days.  They found four guards upon the gates of the castle, who greeted Cayen warmly and looked curiously at his three companions.  The boys gawked shyly at such impressive warriors and quickly hurried after their guide into the castle proper.  The gelding followed, Cayen took off his tack, and handed it to a waiting servant.  The gelding nuzzled the man warmly and then disappeared out the gate through which they had just come.  Whoever thought a horse could have its own agenda?  They followed another servant into the castle proper and after much walking, they were escorted into a small audience chamber wherein sat a remarkable though aging woman.  Her face held the light and fire of youth, but her eyes spoke of many years and much sorrow.  The four bowed politely, all a little awkwardly: the boys for lack of practice and Cayen from many long years of disuse.  She smiled at their attempt and motioned for them to stand before her.  
She smiled warmly at her long absent servant and said, “it has been long Cayen, since we have seen you.  What news of the wide world and who are your young companions?”  
He bowed and said, “these three wish to seek adventure in the wide world and Korin thought I might lead them to their goal.  I will let them speak for themselves on that matter.  Korin was slain by bandits this past spring and Lord Mavis now has no one to guide and protect his people.  Things continue much as they have this past century, with civilization barely clinging to existence and evil creatures roaming in once civilized country.  My own lord forces me into hiding and has sought my capture on several occasions but I serve his people as I may.”  
The Lady nodded sadly at the news of Korin and said, “I shall send another to attend to Lord Mavis’s people.  You have done well in a difficult circumstance; rest here for a few days and then return to Lord Brock and do what you can for his people.  Perhaps we all need to be a bit more bold in these strange days?”  He bowed himself from her presence and left the terrified boys alone with the venerable woman.  She smiled warmly and said, “welcome to Astoria.  The journey must have been difficult for you and you may stay for as long as you wish.  What brings you to our city?”  
Pip bowed awkwardly and said, “Lady, we have come to learn whatever it is we must to make the world a better place.  There is much evil abroad and we wish to learn how to stop it.”  
The Lady smiled, “then you have certainly come to the right place.  Here you will learn what you must, though the life you choose is a dangerous one, especially for those who venture forth alone, but perhaps you will choose to join us one day and not face such adventures quite alone.  Though it is no requirement to stay and learn, it is an option you may one day wish to pursue.”  
Quinn bowed and said, “Lady, with all respect, we do not know what to think of this Master of yours and cannot imagine swearing our lives to the service of something that many consider a story.”  
The Lady smiled, “many come with such thoughts and still find their way into our company.  Here you will learn what you must to come to such a decision or not with full understanding.  Learn what you will and then do what you must.  Any further questions before I turn you over to the servant to find you food and quarters?  I am sure you are in desperate need of both after your journey.”  The three shook their heads and she smiled, “then I bid you farewell until we speak again.”  A servant appeared from some hidey-hole and drew the three boys after him.  They all bowed themselves from her presence and were soon fed, bathed, and sound asleep.


Chapter 2

Morning dawned bright and clear, the boys yawned as they were awakened by Cayen.  They greeted their friend and were eager to begin their first day in this peculiar place with its even stranger mythology.  Cayen had them dress in the Student uniforms provided and then led them to breakfast in the dining hall.  The great room seemed able to hold thrice the number of people that currently occupied the chamber but such as there were made a merry meal.  Cayen bid them farewell and gave them into the keeping of an Apprentice called Barron for the remainder of the day.  Throughout the day they met various other Students, Apprentices, and even a few of the Brethren as they attended classes, attended to various assigned chores, and ate in the dining hall. It was an eventful day and the learning had been quite enjoyable, even the grammar lesson.  Korin had given them a firm foundation upon which the Brethren would happily build.  
The days passed and they lost themselves in their studies.  They did send word to their parents that they were safe and provided for via Cayen when he rode off a few days later.  They would miss Cayen greatly, but they were making friends among the students and their studies consumed their lives.  The other students were an interesting mix of noble sons and peasant children.  It seemed the more enlightened lords sent their children to Astoria to study for a time.  The children of less prestigious parents often came of their own accord hoping for adventure, an education, or for reasons they could not as yet comprehend.  Of the students, some would eventually take their Oath and join the Brethren, the rest eventually disappeared into the wide world hoping to make their fortune somehow.
It was strange for the three boys to meet Occum, Lord Mavis’s second son, among the students, a boy their own age.  It once would have been unthinkable to mingle with such an august personage but in Astoria, it seemed there were no such qualms.  The boy was delighted to have three friends from his miniscule homeland, even if they were peasants.  “What news of home?” asked the boy.  
Bard shrugged, “not much of interest I suppose.  There was a bandit attack this past spring, and the Blindman was killed in the fighting.  They say he was one of these Brethren.”  
Occum nodded, “I suppose it makes sense.  How else could he live so long or know so much?”  
Quinn asked, “how long have you been in this strange country?”  
Occum grinned, “I have been here a six-month.  My father considers it necessary for me to have a ‘proper education.’  Whatever that is.”  
Pip smiled, “and what have you learned?”  
Occum shrugged, “I have learned much in the way of history and lore, Truth and Law, and have made good progress in my riding skills and sword technique.  What do you three hope to accomplish in such a place?”  
Bard grinned foolishly, “we want to be heroes.”  
Occum laughed, “only fools want to live such a life but you will do as you feel you must.”  
Quinn asked, “since you have been here for so long, what have you learned of this Master creature?”  
Occum grinned wryly, “fear not, you cannot help but learn of him here.  As to what I think on the subject, I am still of a divided mind.  It is obvious the teachers are quite brilliant and highly learned but they seem to take it as a matter of fact.  They are either right in their assumptions or the whole lot of them is mad.  I begin to fear the former.”  
Bard asked, “you fear that they might be right?”  
Occum nodded, “while this Master character may offer hope and peace to the masses, if he is real, he also demands the utter devotion of all mankind and that is a sacrifice that many are not willing to make.  I do not wish to serve anything higher than myself!”  The three boys nodded grimly but said nothing.  The harshness of the world had bred into them all a bitter instinct for self-preservation above all else.
As the days passed and they abandoned themselves completely to their lessons, they soon found themselves hoping more and more that perhaps the Master might truly be real, else there was no hope for the world.  For ever it was within the heart of man to put self before all else, but the Master had done the unthinkable and put His wretched creatures before Himself and suffered the consequences that should rightfully have fallen to mankind.  The current state of the world was witness enough to what happens when men seek their own glory rather than that of their Maker.  Perhaps after such devastation, the hearts of men would finally be open to the Master’s grace and mercy, healing and peace.  He would not rebuild the shattered nations but He would gladly restore the aching hearts of men.
  
The three boys shared a small room with Occum and they sat talking one night after supper.  Occum said, “and have you three heroes decided what to do with your lives?”  
Pip looked nervous for some reason but smiled with joy.  Quinn eyed him strangely but said, “we have all three been thinking about joining the Brethren.”  
“What?” said Occum in surprise, “Are you mad?  They may be an honorable and wise lot but who wants to endure such a life?  Believe in this Master character if you must, but why not go home and live a normal life?”  
Bard laughed, “go home and plow fields for your father you mean.”  
Occum glowered, “you have learned the use of a sword, he would happily have you in the guard.”  
Pip burst out amusedly, “I had thought to fear your opinion of my decision but now I see your opinion does not matter!  What is the worth of any man’s opinion to that of the Master’s?”
The other two joined in Pip’s mirth but Occum could not see what was so funny.  He said, “and what is wrong with a glorious career in my father’s service?  Before these Brethren puffed up your heads, you would have been very grateful for even that chance.  I would even be your leader and as your friend, I could certainly make it worth your while.  Ride back to my father’s lands with me and let us see what can be done; I am willing to forgive your insolence.”  The three laughed all the harder.  
With tears of joy in his eyes, Pip said, “while we are grateful for your father’s provision, we are called to higher things.  There are people enough to till the soil and keep the bandits at bay, but there are few enough who are willing to ride to the aid of others.  The Master has called and we will heed Him.  Will you not join us?  It would be a nobler life than waiting around for your brother and father to die that you might take their place.”  
Occum shook his head sadly, “I do not believe in the Master.  The more I think about it, the less I can believe.  Do you really believe the tale that the world was once perfect and it was the selfish acts of men that led to its current state?  Do you believe the story that the Lady herself is old enough to have witnessed its fall?  It is all too strange for me.  I will learn what I can here and then return home to do my duty by my father.”
Quinn looked at his friend sadly, “you have a noble heart but I wish you would reconsider.  No one of course, can change your mind but I hope one day you find what you seek.”  
Occum said quietly, “I had thought you three at least had some chance of escaping the lure of the Brethren’s story; once I had thought you had sense!”  
Quinn said calmly, “we have sense enough to come in out of the rain.  The world is a storm of despair and grief but the Master has offered us shelter from the driving rain.  The rain still falls but now we have some relief from the evils that stalk the world.  There is peace and hope and joy even in the face of uttermost darkness.  I want the whole world to know what it is I have found!”  
Occum sighed, “then I wish you all well in your adventures and hope this crazy scheme upon which you are determined to embark does not lead to an early demise.”  
Pip smiled, “what fear have we in death?  For death is but the door to that which lies beyond and those that trust in the Master have no fear of that land so why should we dread the door?”  Occum could only shake his head but his friends’ faith touched his hard heart.  Perhaps one day he might come to understand but tonight would not be the time.  They dropped into grateful sleep after another exciting day of learning.  In the morning, a servant wakened all four and said the Lady wished to see them immediately.  They hurriedly donned their uniforms and hastened towards the Lady’s preferred chamber.
She smiled upon their entrance, and after their bows, said, “Occum, your father bids you home.  It seems your time with us is at an end; I hope your time here has been to your benefit and I pray that it will benefit those over whom you will one day rule.”  
Occum bowed deeply and said, “Lady, I have learned much during my time here.  I still think you all mad for believing in the Master as you do, but you are an honorable people and I appreciate what you do, if not your motivation for doing it.”  
The Lady nodded regally and then turned her gaze to the three remaining boys, saying, “you three have requested and are hereby granted my permission to take the Oath, this very afternoon if you so wish.  You may decline, but you all show much promise and I would be saddened to lose such talent, though the choice is certainly yours.”  The three so mentioned exchanged nervous smiles and together assured the Lady they had every intention of joining the Brethren.  She smiled warmly and said, “then I yet have one piece of advice for you Occum.  If you would remain for another day, I shall be sending with you an escort, as it were.  Four together will be far safer than one alone in these dangerous days.  After they take their Oath this afternoon, I shall be sending them out tomorrow in search of their mentors, who are yet abroad in the world.  But you are free to leave when you wish, this is only a suggestion.”  
Occum smiled and said, “I shall await my friends and then we shall leave together.”  
The Lady smiled and said, “then I bid you farewell and a safe and swift journey.”

“You are mad!” said Occum as they left the Lady’s chambers, “Come, let us get away from this place before you are forever sworn to such lunacy.”  
Bard sighed, “it is not madness to seek the Truth; it is madness to deny it!”  
Occum shook his head, “come my friends, let us talk of other things rather than argue again over what we have chosen to disagree upon.”  The others reluctantly agreed and returned to their room to pack what little they had for their coming journey.  Occum bid farewell to his three friends as they dashed off to the Oathtaking; he wished them well but was happy he was not allowed to attend such a function.  Afterwards, they came back nearly glowing with excitement.  Occum could see no overt physical changes and could only shake his head at their joy but secretly yearned for such joy himself.  
Morning came and the four set off on their journey with the Lady’s blessings.  They had a packhorse with enough supplies to reach their destination though they must journey afoot.  It was not a common practice for the Lady to send three apprentices out alone into the wide world but they had training enough for the journey and once they reached their destination, they would be in the capable hands of their mentors.  Pip and Bard were bound for the lands of Lord Brock and would seek out Cayen, who had not had an apprentice in some years, so the Lady thought to make up for lost time by giving him two.  Quinn would continue on to Lord Mavis’s territory with Occum and seek out Kip, the Teacher that had taken Korin’s place.
Occum’s horse was put to work as the company’s pack animal, as much as he would like to ride, all of his companions were afoot so it made little difference to their progress though it sorely wounded his pride.  Each of the newly sworn Brethren hoped to find his unicorn upon the road, but for now all must walk.  Four boys afoot also provided a less interesting target for bandits than an equal number rich enough to ride.  They pushed as far as they could each day, slept hard each night, and rose early to begin the day’s march anew.  As they walked, they talked much of this and that, sharing tales the others had forgotten or had not heard.  Occum spoke much of what he wished to accomplish as brother to a lord and the three apprentices imagined what adventures might await them in the wide world.  
The three apprentices had much more in common with one another than any had with Occum, but they worked hard that he might not feel left out or ostracized.  He was grateful for their efforts but still felt as if they shared something in which he would never have a part.  Secretly, he envied the three but was too stubborn to admit it, even to himself.   As they neared the lands they had once called home, the grief of parting came upon them, but also an eagerness to see those that they had left behind and to begin their adventures.  This was the end of their boyhood and the beginning of their journey into that strange and wild land of maturity; they must leave behind their boyish dreams and finally seek their place in the world.
They entered the lands held by Lord Brock and here would come their first parting.  Quinn and Occum said goodbye to their comrades through so many miles and continued on while Pip and Bard turned off on a cart path leading deeper into Lord Brock’s lands.  As Pip and Bard moved deeper into Brock’s territory, they were ever wary not to be caught by the Guardsmen that might be patrolling in the area; strangers were not much liked in those days, especially armed strangers.  Suddenly they drew their swords and turned about as they heard the slight fall of hooves on the road behind them.  They sheathed their blades as they realized who it was that had crept upon them unawares.  Cayen sat his unicorn and smiled at them, saying, “are you boys lost again?”  
Pip laughed, “we have come seeking an obscure wanderer said to haunt these lands.  Have you seen this peculiar person?”  
Cayen laughed, “and who wants to know?”  
Bard smiled, “the Lady bids us find him that we may follow him around like ducklings for the duration of our apprenticeships.”  
Cayen laughed, “if that be the case, I have not seen him.”  They shared another laugh, then Cayen said, “it has been long since I have had an apprentice, but it will be good to have someone to do my laundry again.”  
The boys exchanged a concerned look until Cayen laughed anew, and they soon joined in his mirth.  “How did you find us so quickly?” asked Pip.  
Cayen said, “I came across a couple friends of yours and they are quite eager to make your acquaintance.”  They again exchanged a confused look, but a pair of unicorns came trotting out of the woods and their unasked question was quickly answered.  Thus was forged a bond that would last a lifetime.  After the introductions were complete, Cayen led them deeper into the forest that they might speak without someone stumbling upon them in the midst of the road.  Cayen said, “I can see the pair of you is doing well, what of your other friend?”  
Pip laughed, “Quinn aspires to the Teaching sect, else you would have been burdened with three of us!”  
Cayen shared his mirth, “it is good to know he has also found his place.  Now I will tell you what passes in the great and mighty empire of Brock.  When last I was in Astoria, the Lady bade me to be bolder in my approach to our venerable lord and this have I tried to do.  He is still no fonder of me, but I think the people have come to enjoy my presence, if only to help keep bandits at bay.  Thus they are more vocal to their lord that I might be allowed to go about unharried.  This has availed me to a point, but there are still members of the Guard that enjoy making my life difficult.  We shall see what Brock thinks of me now that I have minions!”

Occum and Quinn continued on their way, until they too came to the place of their parting.  At first they stood and stared at one another awkwardly, not wishing for the moment of sundering to come.  Finally they had to say something, if only to break the silence, and Occum said, “I bid you farewell and will put in a good word for you with my father and brother.”  Quinn quickly hugged his friend and vanished down the road before he could change his mind.  Occum watched until he vanished from sight and then slowly made his way home.  
Quinn returned first to his native village and brought letters to the families of Pip and Bard.  None of the three families were too happy to have their sons take up with the Brethren, though they knew little enough of what exactly that meant.  Quinn’s family was glad to have him home, even if they could not approve of his choice of occupation.  His father was all set to put the boy to work plowing fields and chasing strayed cows, but the boy said, “father, while I greatly respect your authority and your aspirations for my life, I have another calling.  I have not returned home to become a farmer!”  
“But you are farmer,” said his father, “born and bred.  It is an honest trade and probably a better living than you will find elsewhere, especially with these idealists you seem to be so taken with.  I will listen to no more argument on the subject.  Besides, Lord Mavis has not taken too kindly to the man who aspired to replace the Blindman.  I would leave well enough alone were I you!”  
“What do you mean?” asked the boy, “What has happened?”  
The older man scoffed, “the lord was not happy to learn that three of our village youths ran off seeking adventure after listening to the tales of that old, blind beggar but with the death of the man, there seemed an end to his folly.  Then along comes another man, as full of old tales as his predecessor.  Our lord was not happy at the resurgence of such things but was willing to let it pass, at least until his eldest son and heir took an interest in the tales and decided to renounce his duties and vanish too!  Furious would have been a mild way to describe the lord’s reaction.  He immediately sent for his second son, said to be studying wherever these philosophers come from, and had the man himself arrested.”  
Quinn’s eyes were large with concern, “and what came of this new storyteller?”  
The farmer laughed grimly, “as far as we know, he still lurks in the dungeons of the lord’s castle.  What came of his eldest son, none know.  Now have you come to your senses?”  
Quinn said, “I am not sure we agree on the definition of sense as it were, but we must discuss that later, as I must be off.”  
“Why?” asked the man.  
Quinn laughed, “I have to go rescue someone from prison.”  Before his father could argue, the boy ran out the door and vanished towards the fortress held by Lord Mavis.  His father stared after, wondering what had gotten into the boy.
It was not a long walk to the little castle and Quinn soon found himself speaking with the guard upon the gate.  “You want to what?” asked the astonished guard, a lad about Quinn’s age, “No one speaks with his lordship without a prior invitation, especially a child!”  
Quinn drew himself up to his insignificant height and said, “I am no child!  This is a rather pressing matter and I must see Lord Mavis directly.”  
The guard laughed, “I suppose your father sent you to complain about his taxes?  Or perhaps the neighbor’s cows trampled your field?  I may perhaps be persuaded to send a message to his Grace, but then again, I am rather busy.”  
Quinn sighed, “I have come to confront Lord Mavis on the unjust holding of a certain storyteller.”
The guard eyed him strangely, “and what would you have to do with the matter?”  
Quinn smiled, “I was sent to find the man, and as he is in your dungeon I need your assistance to complete my quest.  And as this certainly seems a violation of the Common Law, I am certainly in need of his assistance in deciding how to handle the matter.” 
The guard was even more confused, “the Common Law?  And what pray tell does any of this have to do with Lord Mavis?  A lord has a right to protect his people.”  
Quinn scoffed, “a lord may have a right to protect his people, but he has no right to imprison a man who has done nothing wrong!”  
The guard smirked, “and how do you know that he has not committed some treasonous act?  The lord’s heir is most certainly vanished and the man certainly had a hand in it.”
Quinn sighed, “the tale I heard was that the boy took it into his head to run off on his own.  Perhaps he was inspired by the man’s tales, but this does not make the man at fault!  The boy is responsible for his own actions.  You cannot lock a man up just because you disagree with him, else we would all be in jail.”  
“An excellent point,” said a new voice, “let the boy through and I shall escort him to my father.”  
The guard saluted Occum and said, “yes sir, but how do you know this fellow is trustworthy?”  
Occum laughed, “that is my concern.  Do as I say!”  The guards did not look happy, but they let the smiling Quinn pass, though they did ask that he leave his sword with them.  He quietly obliged them.  
Quinn laughed when he saw his friend so soon and said, “it seems our paths have crossed sooner than I had expected.  I am sorry to trouble you, but I am afraid your father has made a terrible mistake.”  
Occum nodded grimly, “I am only just arrived but my father is beside himself over the fate of my brother.  He had intended him to marry Lord Brock’s only daughter that they might unite their miniscule holdings, but Taric ran off before the union could take place.  He blames your comrade for putting ideas into the boy’s head and thus causing the whole fiasco.”  
Quinn asked, “and what is your opinion on the subject?”  
Occum laughed, “Taric was quite opposed to the idea and would have run off regardless.  He was never one content to stay at home and rule in his turn.”  They entered the fortress and wandered down a corridor and found the infamous Lord Mavis in a large chamber before a roaring fire, alone save for a single servant.  
He glanced up curiously when his son entered, gave Occum’s companion a confused look, but said nothing until both boys bowed before him to the appropriate degree.  Mavis said to his son, “and who is your companion?  I hear there was a small conflagration at the gates, is this the cause of the rumors?”  
Occum said, “this young man indeed had the temerity to argue with our sagacious guards.  He had the nerve to ask after an audience with you my lord, that he may plead the part of his friend whom he feels you hold unjustly.”  
The old man laughed, “do I now?  And what young man, is your complaint against me?  The man can be convicted of negligence in the disappearance of my son, if not worse.  How can you argue otherwise?  If not for his tales, the boy would have stayed at home.”  
Quinn said politely, “sir, I most respectfully disagree.  I know not your son or even the man on whose behalf I have come, but I have some familiarity with the Common Law and even the laws of your own land.  Both would call it an injustice to have this man held as he is.  You must either convict him and pass sentence or release him, you cannot hold him indefinately without declaring him either guilty or innocent.  That you refrain from hearing his case tells me that at least some part of you is unsure that this is an honorable act.  How can you say he has any part in this if it is your own son who made the decision to vanish?  There is much information in the world, both good and bad, but it is each of us who must decide what to do with it.  It is your son alone who bears the burden of guilt, if there is any guilt to be borne.  Why must the innocent suffer simply because you are angry at your son?”
The old man laughed, “you are but a boy!  How come you to speak so eloquently, especially on behalf of those you claim not to know?  It is not simply this man’s part in my son’s disappearance for which I am holding him.  I also hold him to keep his strange tales from infecting my people.  My son is not the first to vanish in such a manner.  Three of the village children disappeared in a similar fashion.  Now what have you to say?”  
Quinn laughed brightly, “you send your son to Astoria to learn yet you would deny the same privilege to the children of your subjects?  It was I and two others that vanished as you say, and our travels took us to that strange land from whence you have just recalled your son.  That is also where I have learned to speak as I do.  True knowledge is not a thing to be feared, save by those who wish to remain helpless in their own ignorance.  By teaching your people history, law, lore, and old tales, men such as the Blindman and the man you now hold, broaden the minds of your people and make a more rich and varied future for us all.  I could yet be just another nameless boy walking behind a plow, but because I was allowed such a chance I now can do my part in rebuilding the world that so many years of war and plague have half destroyed.”  
The old man laughed, “I fear you can well out-argue me boy.  I see I have acted in haste in detaining your friend, but what shall come of my rule?”  
Quinn smiled, “lord, if we are allowed, perhaps we can hunt down your reluctant son, but perhaps it is a better thing to let him discover his own destiny or return on his own when he realizes the world is a far different place than he might suspect.  Why not pass your reign on to one of your other children, perhaps the most qualified rather than the eldest?”
The old man raised an eyebrow, “but that goes against two hundred years of tradition!”  
Quinn laughed, “a tradition has to begin at some point, why not begin a new tradition?  I am not asking you to break some law of the Master’s making or violate something innate to human morality, simply asking that you consider a new alternative.”  
The man chuckled, “if all my peasants could gain such wisdom from your teachers, I would not be displeased, save for fear of rebellion!”  
Quinn smiled, “it is the educated man that best loves peace and order; it is the ignorant fool who hopes to bring about change by rebellion and for no just cause.  An educated man knows that some things are worth fighting for, but also knows that violence is only an agent of change at the last resort.”  
The old man laughed heartily and said, “Occum, I hope you have learned half as much as our young peasant here!  Go and fetch my prisoner and we shall discuss the future of my lands!”  Occum smiled and ran off to fetch the man in question.  Kip was quickly brought forth; he was rather unshaven and a bit dusty but otherwise seemed in good spirits.  He raised his eyebrows in surprise when he saw Quinn but said nothing.  He bowed to Lord Mavis and stood before him expectantly.  Mavis said nothing for a few moments but looked the man over with a new eye; he liked what he saw.
He sighed and said, “I am not usually in the habit of apologizing but such is the spirit of your young friend here that I feel I must.  I have held you long and for no just cause and for this I apologize.  Now, if you are content to remain in my lands, I ask you to go out and impart what wisdom you can to the peasantry.  I begin to understand that a little knowledge is a very dangerous thing but wisdom is beyond price.  I ask only that you pass along to me any information you have as to the whereabouts of my son.  Occum shall assume my place in his brother’s stead and now I only wish to know the fate of the boy out of concern as his father.  He is quite welcome to pursue whatever he wishes with his life.”  
Kip was quite amazed, bowed his thanks, and said, “I do not know whence the boy has gone but I shall certainly pass word along if I hear anything.  I thank you for my freedom and also for permission to do as I was bidden by the Lady of Astoria.”  Mavis was so delighted with the Brethren that he asked them to stay for supper and listened raptly as Kip told many tales that night.  Occum was quite flabbergasted that he was now heir to his father’s rule and said little; he was not sure whether to be pleased or to dread his new situation.  Quinn was anxious to finally begin his apprenticeship but Kip thought he was doing just fine on his own.  Finally, they were allowed to retire to their room and the two Brethren could talk privately.
Kip said, “and how exactly did you manage to secure my release?”  
The boy laughed, “the Lady sent me to find you that you might teach me whatever it is I have yet to learn but to accomplish that mission I had to get you out of prison.  Thankfully the lord’s second son and I became friends in Astoria and I was able to gain an audience with Lord Mavis.”  
Kip laughed warmly, “perhaps there are a few things you could teach me?  It is interesting that the Lady sends you to apprentice in your own homeland, some of your folk may not take you seriously, remembering you as the boy they once knew.”  
Quinn laughed, “my father has already apprised me of the situation.  He expects me to go home and herd sheep!”  
Kip laughed, “I am sorry to disappoint him, but you have far too great a mind to lead such an uninteresting life.  At least you know it will be difficult.  What of the other two boys that were purported to have vanished with you?”  
Quinn smiled, “alas poor Cayen must now shepherd those wayward youths in the lands of Lord Brock.”  
Kip laughed, “excellent!  Perhaps we can turn this backward part of the world on its head.  Of all lands, these scattered domains in the south have been the slowest to regain their strength and direction after so much destruction.  The countries in the east and the north are beginning to emerge from the rubble but those in the south seem content to play in the ashes.  At least Lord Mavis begins to think about uniting his domain with his neighbor, thus can begin the healing of civilization in the south!  What thinks your friend of marrying a complete stranger?”  
Quinn could only shake his head and say, “I know not, but I think he shall do his duty.”


Chapter 3

Taric had indeed fled home hoping for an adventure, not wishing to be saddled with the beautiful but rather shallow Conita, the only child of Lord Brock.  He figured that if three village youths could handle the wilds, so could he.  It had been nearly three weeks since he had gone off seeking something to do with his life rather than rule a miniscule country.  It had been the most miserable three weeks of his life, and he had very nearly decided to go home.  However, the freedom he had found in his flight made him continue his wanderings, though he really had little idea of where he might end up.  His brother had gone to Astoria at his father’s bidding, which meant the place was probably not very exciting else his father would never have sent Occum.  He had thought to seek out the stranger in the woods in the lands of Lord Brock, as the three vanished farm boys had done, but that might be the first place they would look for him.  Instead he just started walking north.  
It would have been faster (and less humiliating) to ride but it was more inconspicuous to walk.  He had a sword and a little skill with a blade; he almost hoped for an encounter with hostile persons that he might prove himself a hero.  He had a passing knowledge of geography and thought perhaps to wander east and find himself a real princess or something.  The scattered lords of the south would simply send him home in hopes of securing his father’s gratitude.  The east was said to yet hold real countries and such places must certainly have a number of younger daughters that they wished to marry off to noble young men.  What better life than to be married to a young princess?  To spend all your time in the noble pursuits of hawking, hunting, and balls without ever having to worry about the tedium of ruling a country was a thought to make Taric smile.
He was brought suddenly from his reverie by the sound of sinister voices ahead.  He crouched behind the thick vegetation and silently moved forward, as he had learned to do while stalking deer.  In a little clearing stood five grimy, but eager men.  They did not notice the boy hidden in the undergrowth but had their eyes focused on their quarry.  They had come upon the two women setting up camp and were quite eager to take advantage of the situation.  Surprisingly, both women were armed and had their swords at the ready.  The largest of the intruders said, “come now, we will not hurt you too much.  At least it is better than dying!”  
The woman said, “we will sell our lives dearly before we surrender to the likes of you.  How many of you are willing to die for so little gain?”  Hunger burned hot in those eyes and menacing smiles deepened upon their already grinning faces.  They made to close in upon the women; Taric, not quite knowing what he was about, decided he had to rescue these wandering damsels, drew his sword, and soon found himself facing their numerically superior foes.  Surprise flickered across the faces of all gathered there, none quite knowing what the insolent youth was attempting.  
Taric said, “they stand not alone!  Would you abuse a woman thus?”  
The girl seemed quite pleased with this seeming rescue but the woman could only shake her head and say, “while I appreciate your efforts, you might get hurt!”  The boy looked at her in confusion, this was not what it was like in the stories!  She was worried he would be hurt?  Was not she the one in imminent danger?
Just as the men seemed ready to fall upon their victims, two equine screams of rage shattered the night and again the men turned in confusion to see what was interrupting their moment of triumph this time.  They nearly dropped their swords in surprise as two unicorns in their unveiled glory fell upon them.  After that, there was no more time for thought, save that required to wield a sword.  The bandits fell upon the two women and the unfortunate Taric with all their fury while the unicorns made short work of those that stood between them and their masters.  It was soon over, though none of the bandits had managed to survive the ordeal.  The women sheathed their blades and offered their thanks to the unicorns.  
Taric stood there looking rather confused, naked blade still in his hand.  He quickly sheathed his sword when one of the unicorns turned a baleful eye upon him.  Unicorns?  Female warriors?  Taric felt as if he had wandered into one of the tales told by the Blindman and his successor.  The women finished fussing with their equine saviors and addressed their would-be hero.  The older woman said, “again, I thank you for your thoughtfulness but you could well have been killed.  However, you did not know that we had reinforcements en route so you did a very brave thing.  I am called Malia and this is my apprentice Kaya.  Who are you, that you wander alone and would risk your life for ours?”
Taric said, “I am a simple wanderer and did what any honorable man would do; I am called Taric.”  
Malia looked the boy over carefully and said, “well Taric, I think there is more to your tale than you would tell us at first.  Fear not that we shall divulge your secrets to the wrong ears if they be honorable.”  
Taric was intrigued by these fierce women and their strange mounts, so he dared to say, “if you tell me your own strange tale, I shall gladly tell you mine.”  
Malia laughed, “fair enough.  We ride for the Brethren and are on our way to the lands of one Lord Brock to relieve one of our comrades currently dwelling in that country.”  Taric was amazed, perhaps in vaguest legend he remembered something of the Brethren: mythical warriors sworn to the Master who rode upon unicorns!  It was almost unbelievable but the proof stood before him.  
He saw Malia looking at him expectantly and said, “I am the eldest son of Lord Mavis, whose little realm is not far from that of Lord Brock.  In fact, I was supposed to marry his daughter and formally unite the two countries.  I have no wish to rule or marry that insipid girl!  I set off to find adventure and have found it at last.”  Neither of the Brethren looked pleased with this revelation and Taric suddenly felt like a small, dirty boy who had soiled his mother’s freshly laundered rug.  He thought it a rather heroic tale but began to see it as these noble warriors probably saw it: he had abandoned his duty for his own gain.  He had dishonored himself, his father, and even his people.   He sighed, “I guess I shall ride with you if you allow it and return home and explain things to my father.  He will not be pleased, but perhaps I can come to a more agreeable solution than simply running away from my problems.”  
Malia smiled warmly and the girl looked pleased.  For some reason he felt rather pleased at having pleased the girl.  Malia noticed the exchange but said nothing, except, “you are welcome to join us then.”  
They found a better place to camp, or at least a place less redolent with dead bandits.  Early the next morning they set off for the lands Taric had tried so hard to flee.  He was excited to ride upon a unicorn, if only behind the saddle of the formidable Malia.  They rode swiftly, swifter than even the fastest horse could dream.  They finally stopped in a clearing off to one side of the road and waited.  Not long after, three men rode up and waited on the opposite side of the clearing.  Taric tensed to face armed strangers once more but the ladies did not seem afraid, in fact they seemed quite pleased.  They slid from their saddles, as did the man and two boys, and exchanged joyful greetings in the midst of the clearing.  Taric slid off Malia’s mount and watched from a distance.  The man gave the strange boy a curious glance and Malia told what she knew; the man nodded and spoke quietly with the woman.  
Malia turned from her comrades and approached Taric, saying, “it seems your father is out of his mind with worry for you.  Your younger brother has been named heir in your stead.  One of my comrades was unjustly detained because of your sudden departure but that matter has been resolved.  It seems your father is content to let you do with your life as you wish, he only wishes to know that you are safe.”
Taric looked chastened and said, “and what shall I do now?”  
Malia smiled, “you must visit your father or at least write him a note saying that you are well and what your intentions are.  After that, the choice is yours.  I would advise you either to ride home and see what you can do to aid your father and your people, or ride to Astoria and see what you may learn there to benefit others, perhaps on a wider scale than you could do at home.”  
“Astoria!” said the boy, “My father sent my brother there so it must be dreadfully dull.”  
Malia laughed, “perhaps you should speak with our young friends, they are just come from Astoria and were great friends of your brother.”  
They made camp that night in the little clearing.  Cayen and Malia exchanged news off to one side of the fire as the four youngsters formed a group on the other side.  The Lady felt that Cayen might have a few adventures left in him, which would avail his apprentices more than lurking about in the lands of Lord Brock, thus she sent Malia to assume his duties and summoned Cayen home so that she might send him where he was needed most.  Kaya watched everything with wide eyes but said little.  The three boys had much to talk about from life in Astoria to happenings in the area of late to amusing stories of Occum.  By the end of the night, Taric was quite determined to ride to Astoria and see what it might hold for him.  Malia was more than happy to carry a letter to Taric's father, who hoped the boy would learn enough to finally settle his adventurous heart that he would come home a more thoughtful and industrious man.  In the morning, Taric set off with Cayen and his apprentices for fabled Astoria.
As they rode, Taric remarked to no one in particular, “Kaya seems a sweet girl.”  
Cayen laughed, “you have no idea what you are getting yourself into!”  Taric gave him a strange look, not quite understanding.  Cayen said, “love is a tricky thing in normal circumstances.  Among the Brethren, it is even more confused!”  Taric still did not understand.  Cayen continued, “the Brethren are allowed to marry within their own ranks but this comes with the constant danger that one or the other might suddenly die in the course of their duties but also the chance that both might live to three hundred years of age.  Either way, it is a challenge!  But it has been attempted and not found vain.”  
Taric said, “so to pursue the girl I must join the Brethren?”  
Cayen nodded, “yes, but that cannot be the reason you join the Brethren.  You can only do that with a heart willing to serve the Master, body and soul.  The Master comes before all else, ourselves included.”  
Taric whistled, “that is a high calling!  Can you tell me a tale of such love that was worth enduring so much?”  
Cayen nodded sadly and seemed lost in the past for a moment.  He said, “I shall tell you the tale of Korin and Tabitha.  Of a greater love between mortals, I know none more true.  You young rascals even knew Korin in his latter days, your folk called him the Blindman.”  He let this truth sink in as the three boys exchanged an astonished look, to think that the old hermit could possibly be the subject of some romantic tale!
Cayen continued, “Tabitha was my sister and Korin my dearest friend.  Many rejoiced at their union; they were married young and enjoyed many years together though their duties often sundered them.  Over distance and time they somehow maintained their relationship and rejoiced in each moment they were allowed together.  In this way fifty years passed swiftly, which for the Brethren is relatively little time.  A day came with the terrible news that Tabitha had vanished while teaching in some forgotten country.  The Lady sent Korin in pursuit but she was never found.  He did however, track down the bandits that had killed her and her unicorn as they traveled from one village to the next.  They had been felled by arrows on a lonely stretch of road simply for the contents of their saddlebags!  For so little, Korin had lost his dearest friend.
Other men would have been consumed with rage, but Korin’s love for the Master and trust in His promises overwhelmed even his grief.  Thus was he able to track down the rogues in hopes of bringing them to justice, but he underestimated their numbers and they captured him.  They heard his tale and felt his tragedy too delightful to end his sufferings just yet so instead they put out his eyes and left him alone in the wilderness.  Little did they know the ways of the Brethren, else they might have done differently.  But he was not alone and his unicorn was there to act as his eyes until the very end of his life.  He spent the rest of his days as a Teacher, hoping to help others to see the Truth.  It is a strange day when the blind hope to teach the sighted to see, but his vision was not of visible things.”
The three boys were silent for a moment as they pondered the tale.  Finally, Taric said, “you are mad!  To think that one could stay true to the Master even when He lets such calamity befall you.  It would be impossible were the Master not real and as wonderful as you say!  I want to have such faith!  I know little of your Master but I will surely drink of your madness!”  
Cayen smiled sadly, “Korin suffered much, but he would agree that it was worth the price when it inspires others as it has you!  Ask and I will tell you all I know.”  
Taric was astonished by the tale and listened eagerly to all Cayen had to impart.  By the time they had reached Astoria, he was quite sure he wished to take the Oath.  The Lady was quite pleased to see Cayen once more.  She said, “perhaps I should let you wander the wilds a bit more if you continue to bring me such eager and talented youngsters!  But your life has been far too quiet of late and I think it time you undertook another adventure on my behalf, if only to spare your apprentices the tedium of the Teaching sect.”  
Cayen laughed, “after decades of work, I was finally able to go about openly in the lands of Lord Brock, only to hand everything over to a Teacher!”  
The Lady smiled, “you are the one who wants to be a Messenger, thus I must find you something else to do when things become too easy.”  
Cayen bowed in acquiescence, “as ever Lady I am yours to command, but perhaps I am too old to be of service?”  
The Lady smiled, “you have survived too much to simply be allowed to retire for something as silly as antiquity.  There are now few of us left of that first generation and it will be to our young friends here to whom we must bequeath the future of this world.  We saw the world as it should have been, we helped it grow into something marvelous, and then we watched it fall into war and chaos.  It will be their job to help it rise again from the ashes but do not be surprised if men again succumb to their own success.  Civilization has the unfortunate habit of falling flat on its face just when it thinks it has reached its zenith.  Welcome home Cayen and welcome to Astoria, Taric.”

They withdrew from her presence and set about making Taric at home.  It was still a month until the next Oathtaking, but Taric had enough to learn that the days passed quickly.  It was shortly after this that the Lady called Cayen again into her presence.  She said, “I know you feel burdened with two apprentices but I think you can handle one more.  Such sage advice as you are sure to possess must be passed on to this next eager generation.  Taric shall join you as you leave for your next assignment.”  
“Three!” said Cayen in astonishment.  
The Lady smiled, “you can handle it.  I would not burden you so but I am desperate.  The world begins to stir from its deathbed and the Master has seen fit to bless us with an inordinate number of young recruits and I must place them somewhere.  Civilization is on the verge of reestablishing itself and the Master is providing the people He will need to see that its rebirth is adequately attended.  As we were there at the Beginning, so now shall there be others to attend to the business of the reawakening.  The night is ending and day must come.”  
Cayen said, “Lady, why do you speak as if we will not be here to see this new dawn?”  
She smiled a little sadly and said, “our time draws to an end.  While the world begins to stir once more, it will be years before its full potential is realized and our allotted years will have run out by then.”  Cayen looked flabbergasted, he had never quite considered that the Lady of Astoria herself might one day be replaced like an aged plow horse.  She had led the Brethren since the Beginning.  It would certainly be strange to have a different person leading the Brethren but how was such to be accomplished?  
He abandoned his contemplations as the Lady continued, “it will be difficult with three apprentices but I have assigned you far more impossible tasks in the past.  Perhaps they will help remind you what it is to be young?  So much has changed since we were their age, yet so much is the same.  I want all four of you to ride south once more and speak with the scattered lords.  There is much talk of again uniting under one banner and reestablishing the countries lost in the chaos; chase down any bandits or rebels that are plaguing the area and see that the process of unification goes as smoothly as it may, if it progresses at all.  I am sending out advisors and teachers as I can to help in the area.  May the Master ride with you!”  
With these vague instructions, Cayen went to round up his apprentices and begin their preparations to ride south.  The boys were eager to return home, if only briefly.  Taric wondered what his father would think.  Bard and Pip were eager to see Quinn again.  Cayen wondered if he was getting too old for this sort of thing.  He was the oldest of the Messengers by almost a hundred years; Messengers were not meant to die of old age!  He wondered what would come of him if he was no longer fit for the more physical aspects of his duties, thinking of Korin’s transition after he lost his sight.  He shrugged off such gloomy thoughts and prepared himself for the unending onslaught of his happy little trio.  They rode south with all haste.
Their first stop was in the lands held by Lord Brock.  Malia and Kaya met them just across the border and passed along what news they had.  It seemed that Lord Brock was willing that Conita marry Occum and that their lands be thus united.  What either Occum or Conita thought upon the matter no one knew.  It seemed there were similar thoughts among some of the other scattered lords, who felt themselves stronger together than apart, but had yet to agree on how to live peaceably together as each man of course felt himself ideally suited to lead.  
They rode to the great house wherein lurked Lord Brock and asked the guards if they might have an audience.  While they waited upon ceremony, Occum again came to the rescue of the Brethren.  He recognized his brother and his two friends and was overjoyed to admit them.  After the reunion, Occum said to his brother, “it is good to know you have finally come home.  Did you get yourself well-educated in Astoria?  They have a very fine teaching program, though they are a bit superstitious.”  He smiled at Bard and Pip, who could only shake their heads amiably at their old disagreement.  
Taric smiled, “I learned more than I ever imagined.  I hear we are soon to wish you joy!”  
Occum’s smile slipped slightly, “yes I am soon to unite our lands, though it is done more out of duty than love.”  
Taric smiled sadly, “father is blessed to have such a dutiful son.  I am glad at least one of us could rise to the occasion.”  
Occum asked, “and now what are you going to do?  I could certainly use your help here.”  
Taric looked at Cayen nervously, but found no help from that quarter.  He would have to do it himself.  He sighed and said, “I am afraid that is not possible; I have duties elsewhere.”  
“Duties?” scoffed Occum, “What do you know of duty?  It is I that am filling your rightful place, while you go gadding about free as a lark!”  
Taric intently studied his boots and said, “it was perhaps my duty by birth but my heart was not made for such a calling.  You could have chosen another life, but chose instead to heed our father’s call for help when I was found lacking.  I however, have found my place with those you respect but deny the source of their respectability.”  
Occum laughed scornfully, “you were not fool enough to take the Oath!”  
Taric looked his brother firmly in the eye and said, “it was the best thing I ever did.  I dishonored my father and my brother in my selfish search for something else, but have finally found my place and my purpose.”  
Occum laughed in astonishment, “you are all mad, but I suppose I must respect your choice, if simply for the sake of our friendship.  After all, three of my dearest friends are of that calling.”  Occum sighed, “I feel the whole world has gone mad and I alone cling to sanity.”  
Cayen laughed, “perhaps it is we who are sane?”  
Occum laughed all the more, “a sane man does not need superstition to guide his life.”  
“Then what serves as your guide?” asked Cayen.  
Occum said, “why honor, duty, conscience, the Common Law, what else?”  
Cayen shook his head, “and from whence does all that spring?  It cannot be an accident.”  
Occum smiled, “you will not snare me with that argument.  Are not all these things common to man?  Why do we need to drag the Master into the equation?”
Cayen laughed, “without the Master there would be no equation.  Who is it that instilled men with such gifts?  Men are not in themselves capable of such actions and thoughts.”  
Occum shrugged, “perhaps we can discuss theology another day.  Lord Brock will be anxious to see you.  Why exactly are you come?”  
Cayen said, “I and my minions three have been assigned to visit with each of the myriad Lords of the South that we might ascertain their aspirations for reunification and aid as we might with advice or negotiation where appropriate.  We are also to chase down any roving gangs of bandits or other troublemakers that hope to take advantage or simply cause problems.”  
Occum looked surprised, “reunification may take decades!”  
Cayen smiled, “I know and we shall aid as we may.  I may just live long enough to see the beginnings of such a process.  Others shall be here to see it through.”  Occum could only shake his head and lead the way to his soon to be father-in-law.  The man tolerated Malia but was not happy to see Cayen, who had been a renegade in his land for so many years.
They introduced themselves and told of their mission.  Brock grunted his acceptance of their words.  They withdrew and Occum quickly joined them, saying, “he is not the most talkative fellow, but he will not interfere in your quest as long as he thinks it to his benefit.”  
Cayen laughed, “that is the most he has said to me in all the years I have haunted these lands!  Come, let us ride for the lands of Lord Mavis.  I do not think we are welcome visitors and thus shall not burden them as guests.”  
Occum said, “I shall accompany you.  It is time I returned to my father’s lands.”  
“You are not going to introduce me to your friends?” asked Conita, coming out of a side door.  They all bowed to one another and Occum made introductions.  She gave Taric a smoky smile; he flatly ignored her, which caused a sour look to cross her beautiful face.  She felt she was settling for Occum when she should have the eldest son, perhaps one day she would.  Occum bid her farewell and together they rode towards the lands of Mavis.  Occum enjoyed the company of his brother and his old friends and it was far too soon when they reached the lands of his father.  Mavis was more than happy to receive his errant son and his friends.  He was not at first pleased to learn what Taric had chosen to do with his life, but then he remembered how impressed he was with the young Quinn and his heart started to soften towards his rogue son.
Mavis said, “welcome home Taric, though you have grieved my heart much of late, I am happy you have found your place though it would do me more honor had you done your duty by me.”  
Taric bowed to his father, saying, “I do apologize sir for all the grief and dishonor and trouble I have caused for you and my brother.  Know I did not mean to hurt you but did so through my selfishness and thoughtlessness.”  
Mavis smiled at his eldest son, “if I cannot be proud of you as my heir at least I am content knowing you have become an honorable man.  Your past is forgiven.  Now what of your future?”  
Cayen said, “my lord, we are come at the behest of the Lady of Astoria and are here to aid as we may in the reestablishment of true Kingdoms in the South.  We offer our services in maintaining order, negotiations, and advice as regards the Truth and Common Law.”  
Mavis smiled, “excellent, I shall most certainly take advantage of your wisdom when the need should arise.  Until then, will you be my guests?”  
Cayen bowed and said, “we will gladly spend the night but if you have no pressing need of our services we must make ourselves known to the rest of the scattered Lords of the South.”  They had a rather enjoyable evening of storytelling and left early the next morning.  They were briefly reunited with Quinn and then made the rounds of their families.  Quinn was still having a hard time gaining the respect of his elders but they were slowly starting to thaw towards their homegrown prophet, otherwise he was enjoying himself immensely.  The parents of Bard and Pip were not quite sure whether to be proud of or disappointed in their errant children, but the other Brethren they had met seemed honorable so they decided that perhaps it was not such a bad thing after all.  They then rode on to the next little country.


Chapter 4

Two years passed thus.  Cayen and his three apprentices roamed the south chasing bandits, negotiating peace, advising lords as they chose or declined to merge their little countries with that of others, and whatever else they might do to smooth the process as the South once more began to stir as the center of human ingenuity and culture.  At work in the area were also a number of Teachers and Philosophers, whose duty was to pass on the wisdom and knowledge amassed and preserved by the Brethren, especially the Truth and the Law.  It was one such Teacher that brought word to Cayen that Pip and Bard were to return to Astoria.  The Lady felt the time of their apprenticeships was over and it was time for them to be off on their own adventures.  As civilization moved from survival mode to reestablishing culture and trade, there was much for the Brethren to do.  Cayen and Taric bid a fond but sad farewell to their companions of so long, then Pip and Bard rode eagerly for Astoria and the next phase of their lives.  They would miss their friends but duty called them elsewhere.  While they might meet numerous times in years to come, never again would they enjoy the time together as they had during the last two years.
Cayen laughed and looked at his now solo apprentice, “I guess it is just you and I from now on, though I suppose it will not be long and the Lady will let you loose of your fetters as well.  What am I to do with no one to keep me out of trouble?”  
Taric smiled, “I am sure the Lady has another dozen or so apprentices just waiting to add more grey hairs to your head.”  
Cayen laughed, “I thought I look pretty good for a man over two hundred?”  
Taric smiled, “when you put it that way, I must agree.”  
They turned their unicorns and rode on to the inn where they planned to spend the night.  They told a few tales to the folk gathered in the common room and then retired for the evening.  It was in the darkest hour of the night when Taric awoke suddenly.  He glanced around the room but saw nothing out of place.  The waxing moon hung heavy in the window and a mild breeze played with the curtain.  Taric tensed, they had left the window shut.  He reached for his sword when suddenly the shadows came alive.  There were at least six men in the room and all of them had swords, though there was hardly room for so many to move.  The sound of steel ringing on steel brought Cayen suddenly awake; he reached instinctively for his sword before his eyes were even open.  They had escaped being murdered in their beds but the numbers were sorely against them.  Cayen dispatched one foe only to be run through the chest by another as he did so.  He fell gasping for air upon the bed.  Taric shouted in near despair, “Cayen!”
Taric could not spare more attention for his friend, for the villains were now closing in upon him.  He was able to kill one man, but the remaining four made short work of the boy.  Taric lay prone upon his bed, hardly moving for the pain.  Darkness gnawed at the edges of his vision and each breath came only with much effort; Cayen did not move.  The four surviving villains cleaned their swords on the sheets and stood about as if waiting for something.  The door opened and a woman walked in.  Taric could hardly believe that Conita would be in such a place at such a time.  She looked about distastefully at the wreckage that had once been a room but a pleased smile touched her lips as she looked upon the Brethren.  “Only two of them?” asked she of the thugs standing idly about.  
The stoutest of the lot said, “we watched them all evening and there were only ever the pair of ‘em.”  
She nodded in irritation and then noticed that Taric still clung to life.  She sat beside him on the bed, grasped his hair, and lifted his head.  She asked, “where are your two companions?”  
He groaned in agony and said, “the Lady ordered them back to Astoria; they left this morning.”  
She smiled, “as long as they are gone from the area they are no longer my concern.  To think you could have been my devoted husband and here you end so tragically!  It is almost comic.”  She nodded curtly and one of the thugs stabbed the boy once more and finished the job.  She looked upon the dead Brethren, laughed coldly, and left the room.  The thugs followed after.

A moment after Taric felt that final blade pierce his chest, he suddenly found himself pain free and standing off to one side of the room, watching the man pull his sword from the corpse.  Then he noticed Cayen beside him with a rather amused look on his face as he watched the boy’s reaction.  The boy said, “are we ghosts?”  
Cayen laughed, “no, the Master does not allow souls to wander thus.  We are certainly dead but for what reason we yet linger among the living I do not know.  There is certainly some reason for it else we would find ourselves in the Master’s country.”  
“How do you know all that?” gaped Taric.  
Cayen smiled, “I have endured such a phenomenon before.”  Taric was not sure he yet understood; he was still trying to comprehend that he was dead.  Suddenly a third man appeared next to Cayen, who smiled and embraced the man as a long lost friend.  
Cayen said to Garren, “and when will I quit making a habit of this?”  
Garren said, “the Master has finally called you home, my friend.  This shall be your last attempt at death, but I am afraid your young friend is not quite finished yet.”  Taric was rather confused by the exchange, then Garren addressed him directly, “you must follow after the woman and learn what you can of the plot in which she is embroiled.  Once you have learned what you must, the Master shall restore you to your mortal form.”  
“But what about Cayen?” asked the boy.  
Cayen smiled a little sadly but with ill-contained eagerness, “I will not be joining you.  We shall meet again on the other side of eternity.  Do not mourn, for you shall certainly have a harder time of things than I from now on.”  
Tears welled near to bursting in the boy’s eyes but he held them in as he hugged his mentor goodbye.  Then he looked to Garren and said, “how shall I catch her in such a state as I currently find myself?”  
Garren laughed, “speed, time, and physical objects are rather arbitrary in your current condition.  You shall have no difficulty in following wherever she may go.  May the Master ride with you!”  Taric smiled sadly at the two elder Brethren and suddenly they were gone.
Alone in the room with four corpses, Taric made for the door but found he could not work the knob; he could not touch the physical.  Then a smile crossed his face as he realized the physical could not touch him either.  He walked through the door, down the hall, and out of the inn.  He heard the unicorns in the stable making a terrible ruckus, having sensed their masters’ demise, but there was no comfort he could offer in his current form.  He wondered how he was to track the woman, but felt a strange sensation that he could not quite explain and immediately set forth in the direction he felt he must.  It seemed he could walk faster than even a unicorn could run and if he chose to run, his speed was amazing.  He easily overtook the woman, who was riding hard; her horse was frothed with sweat and his breathing sounded like a bellows; the gelding could not last long in such a state.  The woman seemed to realize the pitiful state of her mount and slowed to a saner pace.  
They traveled thus for an hour, until they reached a little path that wound deep into the surrounding woods but was hardly noticeable from the road.  She dismounted and led her exhausted mount along the trail until they came to a dilapidated old cottage.  She left the horse in the clearing, head down and sides heaving.  Taric followed curiously.  Inside, he felt a terrible miasma of evil as the woman fell to her knees with head bowed.  A man robed all in black stood there and smiled coldly upon the woman at his feet.
“Well?” said he.  
“It is done my lord,” said Conita from her crouched position.  
He smiled, “all four are dead?”  
Conita said, “two are dead and two ride north.  If they return they shall certainly meet the same fate as their friends.”  
The man did not seem wholly pleased but said, “very well, as long as they do not hinder our plans, else I shall be vastly displeased.”  Conita shuddered at his words.  The man continued, “and your husband?  He will do as you wish?”  
Conita said, “he will abide by my wishes or meet a sudden and unhappy end.  Without the Brethren around to influence him, he will be putty in my hands.  They had far too much influence over him.”  
The man said, “and what of the other Brethren that roam throughout the South?”  
Conita lifted her head and met his gaze, smiling coldly, “if they become a problem, I shall see to it that they cease to be.”  
“Excellent,” said the man, “and you know what you must do?”  
Conita nodded, “yes, my lord.  I shall oversee the emergence of the new countries in the South.  They shall be everything you wish them to be: a very haven from the foolishness of the Brethren.  The nobility shall exploit the commonfolk, as is only right.  We need none of the idiocy concerning the equality of all men!  Without the Brethren around to meddle, it will be an easier task.  It may take my entire lifetime but it will be done.”  
“Good,” said the man coldly, “I shall watch your progress with interest and you know well the price of failure.”  The woman shuddered again and withdrew from the cottage.  She climbed into the saddle of her exhausted horse and rode towards home.  The man disappeared out a backdoor and climbed into his own saddle, which sat upon a terrible, bipedal reptile; they vanished into the depths of the forest.  
Taric found himself very much alone in the dark interior of the cottage but the grey light of dawn was beginning to filter through the grimy windows.  Suddenly a light like that of the gathered stars filled the dingy interior of the hovel.  Taric found himself driven to his knees in fear, awe, and wonder.  He lifted his eyes to meet those of the Master.  Who thought to meet the Master in such a dreary place!  He felt he could look forever into those eyes and never find their deepest corners.  “You have much yet to do My son,” said the Master gently, “death is sometimes an inconvenience to My plans, but even still I can use it to My advantage.  You now know what you must do.  We shall meet again, but I am always with you.  Farewell!”  Suddenly all was darkness and stifling heat.

Kaya’s unicorn woke her in the middle of the night.  The creature was quite distraught, so distraught he had trouble concentrating enough to get his message across.  She had no choice but to let him take her to the source of his unease.  She dressed quickly, grabbed her weapons, and was in the saddle and off to a destination unknown.  They had not far to go and came to a little inn on the brink of Lord Occum’s realm.  The place was in an uproar.  Two unicorns came rushing up to her, their anxiety was palpable and was the reason for her own mount’s unease.  It looked as if they had kicked their way out of the stable.  An anxious groom stood off to one side, hoping to capture the panicked creatures but wisely keeping his distance.  She left her mount with the other unicorns and made her way into the inn.  
All the guests were huddled in the common room in their nightclothes; fear was writ large on their faces.  The innkeeper and one of his bullyboys were down the hall containing the guestrooms, staring in horror into one of the rooms.  No one thought to stop the young woman as she made her way to the troubled innkeeper.  “What has happened?” asked Kaya of the innkeeper.  
He seemed startled to be asked such a thing at such a time by such a person, but said, “we were all awakened not long ago to what seemed the noise of battle.  We all cowered in our rooms until the uproar had quieted, only to find four dead men in this room.  Two were my guests and the others look little better than hoodlums.  Then a ruckus arose in the stable as two of the horses seemed to go mad.  It is a strange night!  I pray the Guard comes quickly.”
Kaya peeked into the room and saw it exactly as the man had said, but she gasped in horror when she recognized two of the men.  She nearly despaired to see Taric cut down so young.  They had spent some time together as Cayen and his apprentices traveled throughout the South on their vague quest.  She greatly respected Cayen, but at least he had lived a full and interesting life; Taric was not even out of his apprenticeship.  The innkeeper took her gasp to mean she could not stand the sight of blood, rather than she had suddenly realized the death of two of her friends.  
The innkeeper said gently, “now missy, you should not be ashamed to be a little squeamish.  Do not worry, we will soon have this put to rights.  I am sure whoever these fiends were, they will not pose any danger to such as yourself.  The Guard will see to that.  Come along to the common room and have a little wine to settle your nerves.  The Master knows we could all stand a little invigoration on such a night!”  
Kaya quickly regained her composure and said, “while this is a grievous scene, that is not what is upsetting me, nor is it fear of whoever did such a thing; I recognize two of these men.”
The innkeeper looked puzzled, “and what do you think happened this night and why?”  
“That is an excellent question,” said a Guardsman as he joined their group, “I recognize two of these men also.  One is the eldest son of Lord Mavis, the other is one of the Brethren who has been frequenting these lands for the last two years at least.”  He addressed Kaya, “and what do you know of the deceased, mistress?”  
Kaya said, “I recognize the same men as yourself; they are my comrades and friends.  Alas that Lord Mavis must survive his son and Lord Occum should lose his brother!  I take it my friends spent the night in the inn and were overcome as they slept, but they managed to fell two of their foes even if they did not survive the encounter themselves.  What of the fled men?”  
The innkeeper shook his head, “we were too terrified to even look outside.  The killers must have fled but we do not know number or identity.”  
Kaya nodded sadly, “then what is to be done?”  
The Guardsman shook his head, “we will investigate the matter further, for I am sure the Lords Mavis and Occum would not have the mystery left unsolved nor the crime unpunished.  You may take charge of the body of the elder of the two once we have had a chance to examine the scene, but I think Lord Occum would wish his brother’s remains to be brought home.”  
Kaya nodded sadly.  They examined the scene but found nothing to give any hint of what might have happened, who might be responsible, or whither the survivors had fled.  The two unnamed men and Cayen were buried quietly behind the inn.  Kaya sang a song over the grave of her fallen comrade that was both grievous yet full of joy, stirring the hearts and souls of all who heard it.  Ever after, it was the tradition among the Brethren to sing that song over the graves of those fallen in service to the Master.
The Guard had a wagon fetched, they wrapped Taric’s body in the bed sheets, and began the grim journey to Lord Occum’s manor that they might inform him of his brother’s untimely death.  Kaya rode escort and Taric’s unicorn followed after; Kalek disappeared into the woods to mourn after the manner of his kind.  Morning was hinting of her arrival as Taric’s unicorn went nearly mad with joy.  He ran eagerly to the wagon and stuck his nose into the bed.  Kaya galloped up to the wagon and leapt into the bed.  The Guard driving the team slowed to a stop with the sudden excitement over his cargo.  What could be so exciting about a dead man?  It was not as if he would start breathing again, but to the man’s horror, that is exactly what seemed to be happening.  The stiffened corpse began to take on a life of its own; it thrashed in its bindings as terrible, muffled sounds emanated from the once silent form.  The Guards drew away from the seemingly possessed wagon and watched in dreadful silence as the drama unfolded before them.  The unicorn whickered eagerly as Kaya drew her dagger but could not cut the ropes binding Taric with him flailing about so.  
She said sternly, “whatever or whoever you are, if you wish to be free, hold still!”  
The thrashing stopped and she was able to loosen the ropes binding the corpse, if corpse it was.  Very cautiously she unwound the sheet that served as the shroud.  She gasped for joy to see Taric very much alive though very red faced from the heat of his struggle against his wrappings.  She looked at him with such a mix of pleasure, horror, and astonishment on her face that he could only laugh; his unicorn nuzzled him in pure delight.
She said, “how is it you are alive?”  Then a look of pure terror crossed her face, “we have already buried Cayen!  What will he do if he finds himself buried alive?”  
Taric said quietly, “fear not, no such dreadful thing shall happen.  Cayen is well and truly gone.”
He then told his tale, much to her joy and shock.  Taric’s tunic was a bloody ruin, but the flesh beneath looked as if it had never been pierced.  Kaya quickly told her side of things.  Now they must plan how to confront Conita.  The Guards stood about in terror and watched all that came to pass in the wagon bed but were too far away to hear the conversation.  They were very unsure of what to make of such an occurrence.  Kaya called the four men over and they reluctantly approached.  They could see that the boy was very much alive and no ghoul from beyond come to steal their souls.  The Guardsman that had recognized the dead men had a passing acquaintance with the boy and was soon satisfied that it was indeed the same man seemingly come back from the dead.  
Taric said, “it is the Master’s will that brought me back from among the dead, for yet I have things I must accomplish in His service.  There is a conspiracy against my brother’s domain and all the emerging Southern Kingdoms.  I think it best if we proceed as you have begun, bearing a dead boy home.  Those involved in this plot might suspect something if it is not widely known that Lord Occum’s brother is dead.  I ask your patience in this matter until all is brought to light.  Will you aid me?”  The Guards nodded, they would do whatever they must to maintain the peace and safety of their land.  
Taric was again wrapped in the sheet, with a slight modification to enable him to breath, and the funeral party again resumed their grim journey.  One of the guards rode ahead to inform their lord that his brother had been slain for reasons and by persons unknown.  The guards manning the gates recognized their fellows and watched curiously as the wagon passed bearing its morbid cargo.  They parked the wagon in a secluded part of the grounds and waited for Lord Occum.  The distressed young lord came quickly to his brother’s side, though his wife was nowhere to be found.  The servants and guards watched sadly but were soon shooed away by Kaya and the attending Guards.  Kaya said quietly, “my lord, I think it wise if we bear your brother into the stable, away from curious eyes.”  Occum looked at her curiously but nodded his consent.  Two of the guards took up Taric’s prone form and vanished into the stables.  Occum and Kaya quickly followed, the guards chased off the grooms, and withdrew to stand watch at the door.  
Finally the grieved Occum asked, “what has happened?  Who would do such a thing?”  Kaya quickly told what she knew of the tale but joy kept trying to overcome her grief so much that Occum felt himself mocked.  He said coldly, “how can you find any joy in this terrible situation?”  
Kaya said, “I can find joy my lord, because my tale is not yet finished.  Your brother and Cayen were quite dead, and Cayen remains so, but your brother is no longer numbered among the dead.”  Occum stared at her as if she had gone mad.
“How can you mock me thus!  I thought the Brethren unable to lie?” said he in his grief.  
Suddenly Taric said, “we cannot lie without breaking Oath.  The lady is quite right in saying I live once more.”  Occum’s jaw nearly hit the floor.  
Joy flooded his face and he quickly helped his brother from his shroud.  Then he said with hurt strong in his voice, “why did you pretend yet to be dead?  Why grieve my heart so?”  
Taric said quietly, “there is some plot against you and were it known that I lived, those involved would become very leery.  By maintaining the illusion that I am yet dead, they may feel at ease and thus allow us to end this conspiracy.  Whatever their intentions, they deemed the Brethren a nuisance and thus were we slain.  My comrades and even you my lord, shall meet a similar fate if you become a hindrance to their plans.”  
Occum nodded grimly, “so how are we to end this plot?  Who is it that would dare such a thing?”  
Taric said quietly, “your own wife is involved.  It was she that hired six men to kill the four of us, thankfully Pip and Bard had already ridden for Astoria else they too would have been slain.  There is also some dark and evil man who seems to be coordinating the scheme.”  
Occum nodded sadly, “Conita is ever aspiring for more and more power.  She is ever pushing me to make decisions that would do great harm to our people but would do much to advance her own situation.  It is a cold marriage of necessity.  Her late father would probably applaud her avarice.”
Taric said, “and to think I might have been in your place.”  
Occum smiled, “I begin to understand that it was never meant to be as our father thought it should have been.  Things would be far different were you in my place.  I begin to see a design and a will in this matter.  I cannot deny your beloved Master any longer!  He has given me back my brother and revealed this plot before it could cause much strife and pain to all the people of the South!  But how are we to end this plot?”  
Taric said, “perhaps it is best if all think me yet dead.  Those involved may become bold and expose themselves and then we may act accordingly.”  Suddenly a clatter of hooves and the noise of the guards filled the courtyard.  Lord Mavis had come to call.  Occum and Kaya ran out to meet the man as Taric concealed himself as best he could.  
Mavis stared at Occum in disbelief, “you are alive?  I was told you were quite dead!  What else would drag me out of bed and inspire such a mad journey at this hour of the night?  One of your Guardsmen came riding in like a madman, convinced my son was dead.  What nonsense is this?”  
Occum tried to conceal a smile as he said, “I was never in any peril or at least no more peril than usual.  It is Taric who was slain by persons and for reasons unknown.  He and another of the Brethren were killed this night by what looks to be common brigands or perhaps mercenaries.”  
Lord Mavis dismounted and looked grimly at his son, “I knew this mad scheme of his would mean an untimely end.  I suppose there is no one to exact justice upon so all that remains is a funeral?”  
Occum nodded grimly, “it would seem our only option, though I shall find out who is responsible and hold them accountable for the tragedy they have wrought.”
Mavis sighed and said, “well, if there is nothing more to concern me, I shall get a few hours sleep then we shall discuss this further.”  
While the lord slept, Occum and Kaya returned to the stable to discuss what to do and whether they should inform Lord Mavis of his son’s miraculous recovery or if they should confront Conita.  Conita came riding in later that morning, she seemed surprised but not overly concerned to hear of her brother-in-law, and would not say where she had been or why.  She did seem pleased to hear that Lord Mavis was in residence, however.  When the Lord was awake and presentable, she went to pay her respects.  Thus she found him in his accustomed guest room as she said, “I think it no good thing to allow these Brethren free access to all our lands.  Look what trouble it has caused your own family!  Why, if they are allowed to continue as they are wont to, more of our youth will be drawn away from us and put in such peril.  I think it best if we bar them from the South as soon as may be.  If they had not put strange notions into your son’s head, I think this tragedy would never have occurred.”  
Mavis was not used to being addressed in so familiar a manner by his daughter-in-law nor being given advice on how to run his little country.  He said, “I think you far exceed yourself my dear.  I think it best if you leave the rule of things to your husband and myself.  My son freely chose this end, and the Brethren do much more good than you suppose.  Do not so berate my late son’s comrades unless you have a just reason!”
She glared at him, “I would have the rule of my father’s lands save for the unfortunate fact that I am a woman and he did not see me fit to rule for such a pathetic reason!  I will have my due someday and you would be wise to listen to my advice!  There are great things afoot, plans that must be put into action, and we do not necessarily need your help to accomplish them.”  
Mavis growled, “do you threaten me?”  
She smiled coldly, “no more than can be implied by my vague words.  But do not think me a silly girl; I am as fit to rule as your son and my late father.”  
“She is no silly girl,” said Taric, coming out of the sleeping chamber, “at least she is woman enough to plot murder.”  Both Mavis and Conita stared at him, as if at a ghost, and for all they knew he was.  
“What have you to do with me?” stuttered the amazed woman.  
Taric smiled, “you did not hold the knife but you certainly directed the blade.  I know you wish the Brethren out of your way that your plans for the South may be more easily accomplished; I also know of the vile man who is behind the whole thing.  You are a pawn Conita, and if you are exposed, as you now are, your dark masters will let you fall in their place and simply find another to accomplish their goals.  Even now the hounds are circling and soon will close upon their prey, perhaps you can save your life if you cooperate.  You can certainly spare your soul if you seek the Master!”
At first she was terrified of the apparition but as he taunted her pride, her arrogance grew and she said, “and where is your precious Master now?  You are dead!  Nothing now more than a wandering spirit with nowhere to rest.  Be gone vile ghost!  Your lies shall accomplish nothing.”  
Taric smiled, “I am no ghost!”  
She scoffed, “I saw you dead!”  
Taric nodded, “and now you see me alive and so seeing, believe that the Master is real and can do great things!  Turn from evil, for it will gain you nothing but death and utter darkness ever after.”  
She scowled at the boy, not daring to believe and said, “you have perhaps deluded yourself but you shall not delude me.”  She ran from the room and nearly trampled her husband in the hall outside the door.  She scolded him, “what trickery is at work this day!  Your brother’s ghost walks the house and your father may well believe his lies.  My very life is in danger; will you protect me, your beloved?”  
Occum laughed coldly, “since when have you ever cared for me?  All you care about is power.  I know very well that you are behind my brother’s murder and you will face justice unless you cooperate in ending the schemes against the South!”  
She was nearly mad with fear, “if I must face justice, then let it be for a murder that I have accomplished with my own hands.  I should have done this long ago but I was fool enough to think I might be able to influence you enough to reign through you.  You are as stubborn as your father!  But no more.”  She drew a dagger from some hidden place and made to thrust it into her husband’s chest, but Taric had stood in the doorway watching the exchange and flung himself between his brother and the blade.
Taric collapsed, dying for the second time that day.  Occum was at his shoulder, cradling his brother’s head, fighting back tears.  Conita made to run but was stayed in her flight by a great crashing noise as the front doors were battered down by two unicorns, who now stood in the hall in all their glory.  Kalek kept the woman from fleeing, while Taric’s mount took on his master’s wound and saved the boy's life.  The greathearted beast vanished before he hit the floor.  Taric sobbed long in his brother’s arms as Mavis watched in astonishment from the door of his room.  Conita cowered before the great creature that blocked her path; Kaya watched from a distance and ran to fetch the guards.  Conita was tried and convicted before a gathering of the people she had thought to rule.  She would not cooperate in hunting down her vile masters or those involved in the plot; the sentence was carried out that very day.  
Lord Nath attended the proceedings with interest and watched as his minion met a just end.  He regretted the loss, but only because it would take time and effort to restore his plans to their proper course.  He watched the two Brethren present curiously.  He had heard the tale of how the boy had been restored to life.  The Master must truly have great plans for the boy if he would raise him from the dead.  Perhaps it was time to try his hand at an idea that had been percolating through his mind of late.  It would be a pleasure to turn the boy from the Master to the Nameless One!  If that did not work, it would at least be a delicious victory to destroy such a promising youth.  But how to capture the boy alive?


Chapter 5

That evening, Kaya was riding back to the village she was supposed to be teaching in and hoped her pupils might forgive her if she chose to go to bed early.  She handed her mount over to the stable boy, went inside, and spent the next few hours telling tales.  She gratefully retired to her room, but hardly had she entered the door than strong arms grabbed her even as a blow to the back of her head rendered her unconscious.  The villains escaped quietly out the window and only her unicorn’s anxiety let anyone know that anything had happened.  The groom could not quiet the beast and it vanished into the night after his mistress.  He ran all the way to Lord Occum’s estate and made such a fuss at the entrance in his proper form, that Taric was soon fetched to calm the beast or send him on his way.  Kalek appeared at Taric’s side, having claimed him in Cayen’s place, and tried to help him understand what the frantic unicorn was trying to convey.  Taric sighed when full realization dawned.  He said to his weary brother, who stood nearby, “it seems these plots have not yet ended.  Kaya has gone missing; I must go after her.  Farewell!”  
Occum said, “but who knows what danger awaits you?  Have you not nearly killed yourself enough today?  Besides, I thought you were dangerously tired after dying?”  
Taric smiled sadly, “when my late mount took the dagger wound upon himself, he also took my great weariness.  I will try not to get myself killed but that is always a risk in this business.  Fear not, I am ever in the Master’s keeping!”  He mounted Kalek and set off after Kaya’s mount.  Occum watched his brother vanish into the night, wondering what would be the end of the tale this time.
They rode until well after sunrise and found themselves at the formidable castle belonging to one Lord Nath, who was one of the more powerful Lords of the South.  He was also the most reluctant to speak with anyone regarding the negotiations between the other lords, save at his own behest; most people considered him a genius but also a tyrant.  Taric rode up to the gate; Kaya’s unicorn was sure she was within.  Taric dismounted and sent the unicorns away lest they all fall afoul of this mysterious lord.  He approached the nearest guard and said, “you hold one of my comrades and I demand her release.”  
The guard laughed, “we have been expecting you.  Come along then.”  Taric was startled to hear he was expected but followed obediently.  They wound their way deep into the castle and the guard left him alone in a dark room.  
A candle was lit and Taric found himself facing Lord Nath, who said, “well met, young one!  You have come as I had expected.  Now I expect you wish to know why my men have captured your young friend?  The reason is quite simple, really.  I am a servant of the Nameless One and I have a great wish to see if I can subvert one of the mighty Brethren from the Master to the side of the Enemy!  I would much rather try this little exercise with you, as the Master seems to place much value on your service, being you have so recently recovered from death.  Either I will have the joy of ruining one of the Master’s most promising servants or the pleasure of watching you die in a failed attempt.  Either way, it will be most rewarding.  If you do not wish to volunteer, we can certainly subject your comrade to this little experiment.”
Taric’s heart sank at the thought of Kaya in such straits and said, “if you free Kaya, you may do with me as you wish.”  
“Excellent,” smiled Nath, “I shall release the girl and she shall have a full day to flee whither she will before I allow my men to make pursuit of her.  Agreed?”  Taric nodded glumly but defiance shone in his eyes.  “Very well,” said Nath, who lit another candle to reveal a bound and gagged Kaya, with tears burning in her eyes, sitting in the corner.  A guard entered and led the girl away.  Taric and Nath followed, watched as she was unbound in the courtyard, and sent forcibly from the castle, though she wished with all her heart to remain.  Her unicorn ran up to her and greeted her anxiously; she mounted and turned one last, heartwrenching glance upon Taric and rode off to seek what help she could in rescuing her friend.  Once she was out of sight, Nath motioned for Taric to follow.  They returned to the darkened chamber and were both seated.  Nath began, “I doubt physical pain or threats of death will make you more amiable to my master’s cause?  You have already died in service to your master so I think I waste my time.”  
Taric nodded, “nothing you can physically do to me will make me amenable to such a scheme.  Live or die, I belong to the Master.”  
Nath sighed, “I assumed as much.  I suppose no promise of power or glory can subvert you?”  
Taric laughed scornfully, “it is the Master’s glory alone I seek.”  
Nath laughed coldly, “you are almost pathetic in your sentiments but I doubt even fine words will make you doubt your precious Master?”  
Taric shook his head, “words are simply that.  I have no doubts, fears, or avarice that you can exploit.  Do what you think you must but you shall never have me!”  
Nath laughed in anticipation, “at least you are honest enough that we will not waste each other’s time in pointless pursuits, thus we shall begin immediately upon a little idea that I have been toying with for some time.  It will take a day or so for my helpers to arrive but then we shall see what comes of you.”
Taric was left in a dank cell until all those needed for Nath’s plan had assembled.  Nath was perplexed by the Brethren’s ability to withstand the dark powers granted the Brotherhood; they seemed immune where other men succumbed like snow to heat.  Perhaps if enough of them tried to influence the fool he could be overcome.  Had not the Nameless One thrown down the Master in the Beginning?  Why then should his servants not also overcome the servants of the Master?  Time passed slowly for Taric, for time is always slow alone in the dark, but the needed men assembled quickly.  Four cloaked men, reeking of evil, entered the small cell wherein Taric was bound fast to the wall with chains upon his wrists and ankles.  Nath laughed, “we have come at last.  Perhaps now you will reconsider my offer?”  
Taric said nothing but stared defiantly at his captor.  “Very well,” said Nath conversationally, “we shall see if a concerted effort can overcome your stubbornness.  I hate to force the issue, but I am anxious to know if such a feat can be accomplished.”  Nath began chanting in some arcane and evil language.
The reek of evil about the men became something alive and palpable in the air, the very stones seemed to throb with it.  An intense flood of persuasion washed over the boy, but he kept his head above the wave and fought with all his might.  His heart and mind seemed to throb with the effort.  An ever intensifying feeling that he must submit hammered at every fiber of his being, but he flung himself on the Master’s mercy as a man abandoning a stricken ship flings himself into the sea.  His heart pounded with the effort and his spirit was in an agony yet he would not relent.  His vision grew hazy and his breathing labored.  Something more dark and terrible than the men about him suddenly became visible.  A dreadful bipedal reptile stood before him and cunning burned in its eyes.  The men seemed unaware of its presence and continued their vile rites.
The creature said, “surrender and I will spare your life!  You can gain power beyond imagining or you will certainly die and I shall inhabit your corpse and wreak havoc upon all you hold dear.  Surrender, and you may spare those you love most.”  
Taric had not the energy or time to respond as he might wish but glared at the thing with what little presence of mind remained to him.  The thing snarled, whether in rage or delight he could not tell.  His heart gave a few last shuddering beats and stopped.  He gasped a few times for air and then the darkness swept over him.  A moment later, he found himself standing once more outside himself, an onlooker trapped beyond time.  The reptile was gone but what should have been his corpse again had life in its eyes, but with cunning and rage that never haunted mortal gaze.  The chanting suddenly stopped and the men stared at the boy in confusion.  They had been quite sure the boy had killed himself with stubbornness; they had never thought to summon a fiend from the pit.  They gazed on the thing and knew it was something more vile than even they had imagined possible.
The fiend snarled, “loose me you fools or I shall free myself and utterly destroy you.”  
Nath stuttered, “you are not the boy!”  
The fiend laughed, “I am no more the boy than you are the Lady of Astoria.  Now loose me and bow before me in worship.  My patience wearies with your insolence.”  
The thing strained its arm and pulled the fetter out of the wall.  Nath said in astonishment, “then what are you?”  
The thing snarled in impatience, “do you not understand a simple command?  Once I am freed, all your lives are forfeit.  I am a thing more terrible than your darkest imaginings, a thing that stands only a step below the Nameless One in power!”  It wrenched its other arm free and began to strain at the chains binding its feet.  A predatory light gleamed in its eyes as the first foot came loose.  Unable to face such a horror, one of the men drew his sword and plunged it deep into the chest of the fiend, but it laughed, saying, “fool!  No mortal blade can destroy me, but I have no such constraints.”  The man pulled the blade free; the creature seemed entirely unharmed though Taric’s tunic now had a hole in it.  Taric watched in horrified fascination.  He wondered why he lingered here and supposed the Master must have some purpose in it.  He must have something to accomplish though he could not touch the mortal world, trapped as he was outside of time.
The final leg came free and the monster fell upon the four men with a speed and a strength that defied mortality.  The men had not time to flee or defend themselves; they were as helpless as chicks before a weasel.  The thing gazed at the boy then and laughed, “why does your precious Master torment you?  He has not called you home yet you cannot touch the living!  You are a vagrant, a wanderer; trapped between worlds!  Now watch as I utterly destroy all that for which you thought to sacrifice.  Know that your hope was vain.”  The thing disappeared up the stairs, out of the castle, and down the road at a frightening speed, but Taric could easily keep abreast of the fiend.  His heart sank, as he realized they were making their way towards Occum’s estate.  The thing would fall upon his brother and think it Taric that had wronged him!  The thing seemed to know Taric’s mind and smiled wickedly over its shoulder as they traveled swiftly down the road.  

Kaya had ridden quickly back to tell Occum and Lord Mavis of what Taric had agreed to endure for her sake.  They were not happy to learn of Nath’s meddling with dark powers beyond human understanding.  She was cheered to find that Quinn had ridden in in her absence; Pip and Bard had also returned at the behest of their mounts.  Kalek had not been idle and had summoned them as soon as he felt Cayen in danger; he hurried them along when his new master had also found himself so endangered.  The three boys were grieved at the loss of Cayen and astonished at the tale told by Occum regarding his brother.  It seemed much had happened in their absence.  Kaya soon arrived and imparted her news with much to the grief of all.
It was quickly decided that the only thing to be done was to attempt a rescue.  Nath must be overthrown at the least, for such a dabbler in evil could not be allowed to reign in the quickening Southern Kingdoms, lest his influence prove detrimental to all.  The three boys went quickly to rouse the help of the peasantry, the Guard, and the surrounding lords.  Kaya withdrew with Occum and Mavis to a quiet place to plan their assault.  There was some vague rumor going around the estate about the fate of Mavis’s eldest son but such were the strange happenings of the day that no one quite knew what was old news, rumor, or truth.  Thus, when the boy appeared at the gate, he was waved through with much speculation and led to the chamber in which Kaya sat with the two lords, deep in council.
As the servant announced their visitor, Kaya’s heart sank.  There stood Taric, but something was dreadfully wrong.  She sensed some great evil about him, his eyes were wild with cunning, and he was no longer numbered among the Brethren.  Occum and Mavis could discern nothing strange about him save the peculiar look in his eyes and the not-quite-human expression upon his face; there was something distinctly eerie about the boy.  Taric stood behind the fiend, unseen by mortal eyes; his heart ached to do something for Kaya and his kin.  Kaya was nearly in tears, “what happened?  What have they done to you?  Did you truly break Oath?”  Occum and Mavis stared at the girl without comprehension.  
The fiend said, “you know very well what they intended, what was endured for your sake!  You shall never comprehend the terrible things that had to be suffered to spare your life.  Rites dreadful and unspeakable have been accomplished.  I am the awful result!  You will cower before me and do as I say or you shall die.”  
Kaya could not hold back the tears, “what have they done!  What has happened to you?  I do not know you!  I would not have had it so but you gave me no say in the matter.  Cannot love, time, and the Master heal this woe?  Why must you forsake all you were, all you could yet be?”  
The thing laughed her to scorn, “I care not for your notions of propriety.  You must learn to accept me as I am or you will cease to be.  Now let us discuss how we shall reorder the south of the world.”  
Mavis growled, “whoever you are, you are not my son!  We will not bow to Lord Nath or his foul minions.  Kill us if you must, but be gone, you mockery of my own flesh and blood.”  
The thing laughed, “I am no minion of Nath, he lies dead in his own castle by my hand.  I am my own master and I shall be yours.  Come, we have much to discuss!”
In a state of shock and horror, the three rose at the creature’s bidding and it herded them out of the house and into the courtyard; none knew where the thing intended to take them.  Kaya wept for the loss of her friend, death would have been a far kinder fate.  Occum was in shock, not understanding how his brother could become such a monster overnight when the day before, Taric had been willing to die in his stead.  Taric followed sadly, wishing with all his being to find a way to strike at the thing and spare Kaya and the lords this torment.  They entered the courtyard and found Quinn, Pip, and Bard just returned from their errands.  They looked with surprise at Taric and the horrified Kaya, Occum, and Mavis as they walked before him like cattle before a drover.  There was something unholy about their friend and the others should not look so desparing if all was as it should be.  
Quinn asked, “what is going on?  How did Taric free himself and why do you all look like your best friend died a ghastly death?”  
The thing hissed, “move aside or I shall cut a path through you.  My friends and I have something to discuss and your interference is not wanted.”  
The three boys knew that Taric had somehow broken Oath, which might explain Kaya’s horror, his behavior was enough to explain Occum and Mavis’s reaction.  Their friend had become something altogether evil.  However close they had been in former days, this evil must not be allowed to endure.  The three bared their swords.  
“Taric,” said Bard, “I do not know what you suffered at the hands of Nath or what has come over you, but you must desist in whatever fell scheme you are attempting.  This must end now and we will use whatever means necessary.”  
The fiend scoffed, “and I thought we were friends?  Baring your weapons before me is a very foolish thing to do.”
An equine scream of fury and derision came from the direction of the gate and Kalek nearly ran down the guards in his haste to confront the monstrosity.  The brute smiled malevolently at the unicorn as each of the Brethren heard his silent comment via their own mounts.  Quinn said quietly, “he is not human?  How can that be possible?”  The others silently pondered this revelation, not having any more of an answer than Quinn.  Kalek snorted in fury and approached the thing that had once been his new master; the abomination must die.  He reared and drove his great horn into the fiend’s chest.  The thing that had been Taric laughed dreadfully as the unicorn picked him up and tossed him like so much hay from a fork.  He stood and the only damage was again to the unfortunate tunic.  Taric watched in utter astonishment; the Brethren watched in horror.  How could anyone survive that sort of treatment?  What was it that had come upon them?
Ignoring these uneasy thoughts, the three boys placed themselves between the lords and the monster.  The thing grinned coldly, “you again stand in my way?  This time I shall not be nice.  Know you not what you face?  I cannot be killed by such pathetic wretches as you!”
Quinn rushed in and the thing caught his chin with the heel of his palm; the creature’s unnatural strength easily broke Quinn’s neck; he fell to the ground and did not rise again.  The fell thing picked up Quinn’s sword and faced the oncoming Pip and Bard.  Faster than thought, the thing easily disabled and very nearly dismantled his two foes.  Bard fell headless to the ground as Pip lay dying with Quinn’s sword through his heart, he was missing a hand and part of a leg, he shuddered once and lay still.  The thing stared down at the carnage that had been Taric’s friends and smiled.  
The unicorns broke out of their stalls but there was nothing they could do for their masters.  They stood on the opposite side of the courtyard and glared balefully at the unholy thing, knowing their sacrifice would be vain.  The guards and servants stood about in utter horror, unable to move for terror.  The thing looked upon the devastation it had wrought, then herded his three hostages towards the stables where they saddled four horses and rode off towards Lord Nath’s castle.  What the thing hoped to accomplish there none knew nor had the heart to imagine.  Kaya could not still her weeping.  Three of her friends had been massacred before her and another had somehow become something worse than evil.
Taric watched in agony as his friends fell to the vile fiend.  Surprisingly, he no longer found himself alone in his spiritual limbo.  First Quinn, then Bard and Pip stood over their fallen forms in astonishment.  They gazed with equal wonder upon their own bodies as they did upon the mortified Taric.  It was strange enough to realize one was dead, but to see two Tarics at once was even more perplexing, especially when one was a murderous fiend and the other your friend of long acquaintance.  “What is going on?” asked the stunned Quinn, “I am quite certain we are dead, but why do we linger still in the mortal world?  If you are not residing within yourself, who is?”  Taric could not help but laugh.  His friends looked upon him with some combination of joy and confusion.  
Taric smiled grimly and said, “as you know, I traded places with Kaya and became the prisoner of Lord Nath.  He had some strange notion to try and subvert one of the Brethren from the ways of the Master.  We came to a mutual understanding that I would not deny the Master willingly, thus he thought to try something a little more drastic.  He gathered three of his minions and thought to use their strange powers to force their will upon me.  The struggle against their dark magics proved too great and my heart gave out.  What Nath failed to anticipate was that he might somehow summon a minion of the Enemy, which is now running about in my corpse!  It killed Nath and his associates and mocked me, before running off and wreaking such havoc as you have witnessed.  At least your corpses have the decency to remain dead!  Mine is running about, determined to ruin everything the Master stands for.  I do not know why we linger, I suppose the Master has some plan or use for us in this limbo but what, I do not know.  We cannot touch the mortal world and as you have seen, the living cannot destroy the fiend.”
The others exchanged an astonished look at his tale, but quickly greeted their friend, as if he were suddenly back from the dead, which to their minds he was.  Then Quinn said, “you said the thing mocked you?”  
Taric nodded, “it is certainly aware of my presence and seems to find it amusing for reasons of its own.”  
Quinn smiled, “it must be a thing outside of time, a thing immortal inhabiting mortal flesh.  Perhaps you cannot touch its body, but can we touch the fiend within?  Mortal blades cannot harm it but can something outside of time render it harm?”  
Taric smiled, “I had not thought of that.  I do not think the Master would leave us here if there was no hope of stopping the thing, someone must and the living certainly cannot.  Let us give chase and test Quinn’s theory!”  
Pip looked skeptical, “how are we to catch the thing?  We cannot outrun a horse.”  
Taric smiled, “certainly we can, follow me!”  He ran off with the speed of a driving wind.  The others exchanged a startled but amused look and quickly followed.  
They easily overtook the monster.  It gave the foursome a startled look, not having anticipated all four of them to linger.  It scoffed, “be gone ye ghosts and haunt the living no more!  The world is mine and there is nothing you can do to save it.”  Kaya exchanged a frightened look with Occum and Mavis, thinking the thing mad.  Suddenly it flinched as if stung and it jumped from its horse.  The others reined in their mounts and watched in horrified wonder as it seemed to circle and jeer at some unseen foe.
Taric’s sword was out and he stabbed at the beast.  It shrieked in rage and extricated itself from its saddle to better face its insolent foe.  The thing hissed, “you have no right to strike at me thus!  This is not your place nor your hour, be gone!”  
Taric smiled grimly, “we do not linger for no reason.  You must be vanquished and we are the only ones who can do it, thus there must be a way.”  
The thing hissed like a frightened cat as all four of the boys drew their swords and fell upon it.  It shrieked, “if you do this, your mortal shell shall die!”  
Taric laughed, “it should have been dead hours ago but you would not let it rest in peace.  Be gone fell thing!”  
Each stab seemed to burn the thing like flame but it refused to release the threads binding it to Taric’s body, once it did that, it could no longer inhabit the human shell without more innocent blood being spilled on its behalf.  Each sword was a pinprick of agony, finally it relented its hold on Taric’s mortal frame.  Kaya gasped as she watched what had been Taric fall lifeless before her.  Suddenly all three living humans could see the battle before them.  Occum watched his brother’s body fall lifeless but saw also his brother and the three fallen Brethren assaulting an evil looking reptile that snapped and hissed with each stroke of a sword.  In a rage, the thing fell upon Taric and rent at him with teeth and claws.  Where claw or tooth struck, a blinding light shone forth briefly from the wound, as if his spirit bled the essence of the stars.  The fiend recoiled in pain and cowered before the four Brethren.  It laughed coldly, “you may strike at me forever but will make no progress in your battle.  I am immortal and all you can do is inflict momentary pain.  I shall wait until another chance to again touch the mortal world presents itself.  You cannot interfere forever!”
“Enough!” said a voice like a stormy sea.  All save the fiend found themselves driven to their knees in awe and fear.  The fiend hissed like a frightened cat and cowered before the Master of All.  The Great Unicorn stared down at the hideous creature and said, “no more will your kind torment sapient beings thus.  Never again will you unwillingly enslave the mortal shell of any thinking creature.  Go back to the pit and await your proper time!”  The thing shrieked in fear and agony to endure the Presence and was suddenly gone.  Joy shone in Kaya’s eyes as she saw that the thing she had thought her friend had only been a mockery and a sham, some fell trick of the Enemy.  The Master then approached his fallen servants and smiled upon them until they felt their hearts might burst asunder in joy.  He said, “you have suffered much for the folly of others.  It is not yet your time.  You must yet endure mortality a little longer.”  Quinn, Bard, and Pip suddenly found themselves again drawing breath and exchanged excited smiles.  The Master paused over Taric and said quietly, “you have already endured much for My sake.  If I restore you to yourself, you shall suffer more before all is done.  Are you willing to continue?”  
Tears stung Taric’s eyes as he looked deeply into those of the Master, “how much have You suffered for my sake?  Whatever You ask of me, I shall surely do.  I am Yours in life or death and ever after.”  
The Master smiled sadly, “then live again and serve Me still.”  Suddenly He was gone and the four exchanged joyous smiles and excited greetings.  Kaya soon joined in with her rejoicing comrades.  Occum and Mavis stared in utter astonishment.
Occum finally found his tongue and said, “what just happened?  I did not think you capable of such acts, yet I do not think you are the one who did them, though I certainly do not understand?  Are things always this strange in dealings with the Master?”  
Taric laughed, and embraced his rather confounded brother, and said, “it was not I but a vile servant of the Enemy inhabiting my flesh.  I could do little but watch in horror.  Most who serve the Master live rather normal lives, I do not know why some of us are more prone to such odd adventures but such is my life.”  
Mavis approached his son cautiously, “now do you plan to linger among the living for a time?  This is the third time in as many days that you have gotten yourself killed!  It is no easy thing on my nerves.  I think I must disown you completely if this becomes a habit!”  
Taric laughed and flung his arms around his father.  The unicorns had been devastated by their masters’ demise but were overjoyed again to have them among the living.  They hastened to the place where the final battle had taken place and were joyfully reunited with their human partners.  All then made the journey back to Lord Occum’s estate for some much needed rest.  When they were fit enough to travel, Pip and Bard returned to Astoria.  Quinn went back to his assigned teaching circuit and Taric assumed the duties assigned to Cayen.


Chapter 6

The years passed and the South reestablished itself as the hub of culture and civilization.  The Lady was nearly three hundred years old and the eldest of the Brethren.  She was the last living person to remember humanity’s fall from grace.  She had seen the rise, decline, and resurgence of human civilization after the Beginning and soon she mused, others would take the reins and endure the joy and sorrow that came with any human endeavor.  The Brethren had played a vital part in establishing and maintaining peace, justice, Truth, and Law in all parts of the world.  Astoria had become a great city and the Brethren were now stronger than ever; their place in the world seemed assured, at least for the near future.  
It was only in the last year however, that her age had crept upon her as silently as a stalking cat and as relentlessly as the tide.  Her body was old and beginning to fail but her spirit was young, full of joy, and daily renewed by the Master.  The soul was made for eternity but the body failed with time.  She felt an immortal bird trapped within a temporal cage.  Soon she would be loosed to tread the sky on starry wings and dance where imagination could not even dream to go.  She sighed, her sight and hearing were failing but her mind was keen as ever.  She did not even know who would lead the Brethren once her own time had come.  She had seen so many fall over the long years that the sorrow should have overwhelmed her save for the grace of the Master, but in that time too she had seen many find hope and joy from that very Source.  She smiled sadly, there was much sorrow in life, but joy was never far off.  For every friend that had fallen, another arose to take their place and much good could come out of even the most terrible circumstances.
She retired gratefully to her chambers, wishing the aches and the weariness did not hinder her spirit so.  There was so much she wished to do that she was unable to accomplish because of her failing mortal frame.  She tried to find what sleep she could but it was long in coming.  Her heart stirred within her like a lion in a cage, ever pacing and never finding rest.  She lay long in the darkness wondering what her unease might portend.  Then she felt a Presence she had not known in nearly three centuries.  The Master stood in her chambers, His light casting the rest of the room into shadow.  She made to bow before Him but her limbs would not move as fast as she wished.  A flicker of amusement flashed in His eyes and He said, “it is time to leave such mortal concerns behind, dear one.”  As He spoke, Astoria found herself again a young woman full of youth and vigor.  She smiled deeply and finally managed to bow properly before Him.  He shared her joy and together they vanished into eternity.  There was an uproar in the castle when the Lady failed to appear in the morning and no trace of her could be found.  No one knew how such an ancient woman could suddenly vanish or how enemies could get into the very heart of the castle and out again unseen.  What had come of their beloved leader?  What would come of the Brethren?

Had Kaya been other than one of the Brethren, she would have been considered in her middle to fading years, but as such she was hardly in her prime.  She was somewhere between villages on another teaching circuit when her unicorn suddenly whinnied in either fear or delight, or perhaps both.  She felt herself drawn earthward and found herself bowing beside her mount as the Master appeared on the road before them.  She had met Him once before, though only from a distance.  It was quite another matter to face Him directly.  “It is time little one,” said He gently.  
“Time for what?” asked she.  
He smiled, “it is time for you to lead My people.”  
She gaped at Him and asked in astonishment, “me?”  
He laughed, “do you doubt My judgment in aught else?”  
“Of course not,” said she.  
He smiled, “then doubt Me not in this either.  The task I am appointing you will try you sorely, but with My strength you will do very well.  Fear not, I am ever with you!”  She looked up but He was gone.  Her unicorn nuzzled her in reassurance.  Still not quite believing, she climbed back into her saddle, thinking she had best ride for Astoria immediately, only to realize that she was on the familiar road not far from the city.  She had been somewhere in the Southern Kingdoms but had suddenly traveled many countless miles without noticing!  She smiled to herself and they continued towards Astoria.
It was still very early in the morning and the inhabitants of the castle had only just begun to stir.  The watchful guards upon the gate greeted her as she passed.  She rode through the burgeoning city, ever amazed at how quickly it seemed to grow each time she returned home.  Soon they would have to start building outside the walls if things continued at their present rate.  She rode through the city, where the first townsfolk were abroad on the errands of the day.  She rode up to the castle gates only to find them barred against her.  She called up to one of the guards on the walls and was soon enough admitted, but it was highly unusual for the gates to be closed thus.  
She inquired of the guard and he said, “the Lady has suddenly gone missing and the gates are shut against any persons responsible trying to sneak out unseen.”
Kaya shook her head a little sadly at the confusion and at the sudden realization that their leader since time began was gone; now they must depend upon the wisdom of someone little more than a girl.  She sighed and said, “you can leave the gates open.  There is no sinister plot afoot.  The Master has surely called the Lady home.”  
The guard looked at her dumbfounded, “then who is to lead us?”  
Kaya sighed, “I am afraid it will be me.”  
The guard stared at her in disbelief but knew that she spoke truly.  He bowed deeply and said, “I shall summon the Council of Six.”  
She nodded grimly and said, “it shall be as it must.”  He gave her an odd look, but vanished into the castle to spread the news.
Rumor quickly spread and the Council was just as swiftly assembled.  Each was at least a century older than the girl that stood in their midst, but they could not deny that she spoke truly.  Some wondered if such a youngster could truly lead them but none could gainsay the Master; Astoria was far younger when she had been chosen to lead them.  It was very strange to imagine the Brethren under the guidance of another, after being led by only one woman since the Beginning.  The new Lady was quickly acquainted with her role, and she felt she must address those of the Brethren residing in Astoria.  All of the occupants of the castle gathered to hear their new leader speak.  Many were those who would miss the former Lady, but there was much eagerness to see what this new era might bring.  
Kaya began, “I know you all awoke this morning with a fright, thinking the Lady vanished.  She will be missed by all, including myself.  She was a valiant leader, with much wisdom and a great heart.  I stand before you as her successor and with the Master’s aid, hope to guide you as well as she.  May the Master ride with us all!”  Long habit and abiding trust in the Master made the transition almost seamless for the majority of the Brethren, only the Lady herself found it awkward at times.  She found her new role fulfilling and intriguing, but sometimes she found herself longing for the days when she was free to ride off alone.  She became something of a prisoner of her own position and found herself respecting Astoria more and more for enduring such confinement for well over two centuries.  The only person who might find her new position more precarious than herself was Taric! 

 Taric sat alone in the common room, wondering if he would ever root out the horde of bandits troubling the Northern Frontier.  Some intrepid pioneers had set out for these hinterlands half a century ago and seemed on the verge of making a viable attempt at civilization.  The nations in the East and South were thriving and there were scattered communities all across the Central Plains, but few were bold enough to attempt surviving in the northern forests, but such were the frontiersmen.  Recently, a group of scoundrels had also decided it would be an ideal place to make a living by less than honest means.  The Lady had sent Taric, Bard, and Pip out to deal with the brigands.  Bard was trying to gain access to the band of outlaws, Pip was seeking assistance from the local militia in dispatching the criminals when the time finally came to bring the scoundrels to justice, and Taric was scouting throughout the Frontier, hoping to find their favored campsites and headquarters, if any.  Pip came through the door with a somewhat muddled smile on his face.
Taric grinned at his friend, “what is it?  Have you gained the help we need to deal efficiently with these fiends?”  
Pip took a seat across from his friend and said, “I have succeeded in my part of our quest.  What of you?”  
Taric sighed, “I have seen nothing to aid our mission.  What of Bard?”  
Pip shook his head, “I have not heard from him lately.  And there is something else.”  Taric cocked his head in concern.  Pip’s features could not decide whether to laugh or show concern.  He said at last, “I encountered one of our Teachers abroad in these far-flung lands.  It seems there is a new Lady in Astoria.”  
Taric nodded, not understanding his friend’s confused delight and concern.  The Lady was very old and it was not surprising that she had been called home.  “Yes?” said Taric, “Why do you look ready to burst?”  
Pip cleared his throat and said, “the new Lady is your wife.”  
Taric’s jaw dropped, “what?  Is that possible?”  
Pip laughed, “I am sorry to see you in such an odd position my friend, but I am afraid it is true.”  
Taric sighed, “this could certainly be interesting, but we shall both do our duty, though it may make for some rather awkward moments.”  
Pip nodded and then smiled, saying, “at least the upside is that we are not a normal country.”  
Taric sighed, “and what exactly is that supposed to mean?”  
Pip laughed, “if she were the leader of some other realm, you would be King, or at least a Lord.  The good news is I shall not have to call you ‘your Majesty.’”  
Taric could only grin at his friend’s poor attempt at a joke.  Just then Bard entered the scene and quickly heard the reason for Taric’s look of utter shock.  He shared in Pip’s amusement but was not so happy to report a similar lack of progress in his own assignment.  They talked long into the night on how to put an end to the bandits and their continual raiding.  Taric was happy to speak about anything except his very strange marital situation.  A scruffy looking man in the corner watched them intently and listened as best he could to their conversation.  
In the morning, they went to the stable and were saddling their mounts, when the scruffy man popped out of an empty stall and said to the startled Brethren, “you be searching for the bandits that haunt these hinterlands?”  
Taric nodded slowly, “yes, but what is that to you?”  
The scruffy man smiled, “I be called Nerf and I happen to have some information that just might be of assistance to gents such as yourselves.”  
Taric said, “and just what kind of information do you have and what do you wish in return?”  
Nerf smiled, “I hear you are suddenly a man of some influence and I be thinking that could be very much to my advantage.  The information I have is of the utmost value if you wish to bring the raiding to an end.”  
Taric laughed, “you greatly misunderstand the Brethren my friend if you think my relation to anyone can avail you.  You would be better seeking aid from the King of Mavis rather than from the Lady of Astoria.  At least he could aid your quest, whatever it is, as he is my nephew.  The Lady is honorbound not to give bribes, no matter how deserving the recipient.”  
Nerf laughed, “the aid I seek is not of monetary consideration.  I have some small matter of personal importance that might benefit from the attentions of the Brethren.  I ask only that my case be heard by this Lady of yours; she may answer no and I will still aid you.”  
Taric nodded, “fair enough I suppose.  Now what is this information you wish to impart?”  
Nerf smiled, “the leader of the bandits is my brother-in-law and I can easily assemble the rogues at the time and place of your choosing.”  
Taric asked, “and you have no sinister motives?”  
Nerf laughed, “not unless you consider my request of your Lady to be such.”  
Taric said, “very well, we shall trust you in this endeavor and then carry your request to Astoria, though you could certainly present it before the Lady yourself without troubling yourself in the matter of the bandits.”
Nerf laughed, “I know, but my brother is a scoundrel and endangers all who wish to make a living in these parts.  It will be a good thing to end his thieving.”  
Taric nodded, “then let us see to this messy business and be about yours.”  
Nerf nodded and soon they had devised their plan, set it into motion, and all had justice.  
Afterwards, Taric asked, “and what exactly are you wishing to ask of the Lady?”  
Nerf laughed darkly, “I want to know what she might give for your life.”  
Taric felt a heavy blow to the base of his skull and darkness took him.  Two large thugs lifted the prone man into the saddle of a waiting horse; they were formerly of the now defunct bandits, having escaped justice because of Nerf’s warnings, they now gratefully agreed to cooperate in his schemes.  The three scoundrels climbed into their own saddles, left the inn’s stable, and galloped off into the night.  Bard and Pip had ridden off on other business for the Lady the day before while Taric remained to oversee the final details pertaining to the end of the bandit threat.  Kalek was abroad in the night while Taric had been in the stables with Nerf, overseeing their preparations for the morrow’s journey back to Astoria.  Nerf had decided upon this plan when he discovered the stranger’s relation to the Lady of Astoria; he knew that he must tell the absolute truth or the man would know, thus he worded everything very carefully.  Now all that remained was to find a proper buyer for the man.  He was sure there was someone who would love to get their hands on such a specimen.
Kalek was not long in pursuing Taric’s kidnappers, but dared do nothing while his master remained unconscious.  But as time passed and the man did not waken, Nerf became concerned.  He said to the primary thug, “how hard did you hit the man?  He should have awakened by now!”  
The primary thug shrugged and said, “I dunno.  I just walloped him good.  Sometimes stuff like this happens.”  
Nerf glowered, “he is no good to me dead!  He could be worth quite a bit to the right people but no one will pay for a corpse.  We had best find a healer.”  
Kalek ghosted through the trees behind the villains, uneasy over his master’s condition but careful to keep his presence a secret.  After a little inquiry in a neighboring village, Nerf found the local dealer in herbs and cures.  The woman stared in dismay at the three brutish looking men and asked, “what may I do for you gentlemen?”  
Nerf said grimly, “I have a man here who needs healing.  He took a blow to the head and has not wakened in over a day.  Fix him and you will be well paid.  Fail to fix him and my thugs may stop being polite.”  The woman blanched but saw that her patient was made comfortable in the guestroom and said she would do what she could.  Nerf and his thugs advised her that that would be an excellent idea, before vanishing into the growing dusk.  She stared down at her patient grimly and wondered what her future held if the man failed to stir.  He had taken quite a blow to the head and there was no telling how much damage had been done or if it could ever be righted.
There was also something she did not like about the man.  The other fiends had simply scared her with their hostility; this man seemed to have some aura about him that made her skin crawl.  It was quite unnatural and she was very uncomfortable in his presence.  She wondered who he was and what the thugs wanted with him.  She mixed up what herbs she had that might be useful for such an injury, but such was the precariousness of the situation, that she did not dare leave the man’s fate to her herbs.
She occasionally dabbled in what others might call the dark arts but which she found useful for healing of a sort.  The person often recovered miraculously but it seemed there was always some strange cost to herself, as if some small part of her soul vanished into some dark chasm.  After each healing, she felt less and less whole: she felt as if she was becoming less human.  In recent years, she had tried to cut back but something still drew her irresistibly back to her arcane practices.  She began the incantation, the air in the room grew heavy, and breathing became laborious.  The water in the washbasin darkened and a monstrous reptilian head with flaming eyes appeared, as if reflected in the water.  
She drew back in surprise as the creature laughed at her, “quite bold you pathetic fool, to try using the arts of darkness to aid one of the Master’s pets!”  
The woman gasped, “who are you and what have you to do with me?”  
The creature sneered, “upon whose power did you think you had been calling all these years to aid your little miracles of healing?  Each time you make yourself a little more my slave, even if you do not quite realize it!  Now I offer you the chance to be my servant rather than my slave.  Drive a knife into the heart of the wretched man in my name and gain power beyond imagining!”
“But who are you?” gasped the woman.  
The creature snarled, “why, the Nameless One you fool!  Do as I say or my minions shall swiftly fall upon you.”  
The image disappeared and she stared at the unconscious man in grief.  She could kill him to spare her own life, but she was quite sure such an act would eternally doom her soul.  She was as good as dead anyway if he did not waken on his own.  No matter how she looked at the situation, she was doomed!  Had she really been using the power of the Evil One all these years?  Had she truly known?  All her being wished to deny it, but deep down some small voice whispered she had known all along that something was not right yet she persisted anyway.  She stared in agony at the sleeping man.  He was one of the almost mythic Brethren.  Perhaps he could rescue her from this muddle of her own making, but how to accomplish it without stooping to call upon such terrible powers as she had once dared to summon?  For the first time in her life she begged the Master for mercy.  As if beckoned, Taric’s eyes fluttered open and he looked upon the miserable woman before him.  His head was an agony but nothing to match the torment writ large on the woman’s face.  
“What troubles you lady?” asked Taric weakly.  She jumped to be asked such a question by one so recently in a nonverbal state.  She nearly wept for joy and quickly told her tale.  He sat up suddenly and wished that he had not.  He winced and said, “then we had best vanish this very night.  We must ride for Astoria, at least there you can find safety from those who might come hunting you.”  
The woman said, “but how are we to outrun the men that brought you hither?”  
Taric smiled, “trust me.”  
She smiled through her terror as hope began to stir in her heart.  They quickly gathered what they could for such a journey.  Kalek was overjoyed to have his master back among the conscious and assured him that the secondary thug posted at the backdoor to keep watch was most definitely asleep at his post.  They crept out the backdoor and Taric rendered the man unconscious, lest he awaken and alert the others to their escape.  They were soon in the saddle and away from the woman’s small hut.  Kalek was reluctant to carry the woman but such was their peril that he did not argue, though he certainly made his reservations known to Taric.
As they rode, Taric answered the many questions the woman asked about the Master.  By the time they were a day’s ride from the cottage, the woman was quite certain she wished to seek after the Master and repented of all her former sins.  Having revoked her dark dabblings, Kalek was much more amiable to bear such a passenger.  Nerf was not happy to have his quarry escape, but there was no way he could catch a unicorn with such a lead.  He went home disappointed to plot new ways to make his fortune.  The dark man that came hunting the woman and her patient found only an empty bed.  He would find the woman and do as his master had bidden; no one could receive such an offer from the Nameless One or his minions, deny it, and live.  The fugitives reached Astoria without further incident.

The resident Brethren in Astoria had been watching for Taric’s return since Kaya had been appointed their new leader.  They were quite surprised to see him ride in with a strange woman astride Kalek.  They greeted him as if nothing extraordinary had happened and he silently thanked them for their courtesy.  The peculiar pair clattered into the courtyard of the castle and Taric bid farewell to his mount.  The woman gazed about her in absolute wonder.  A servant found them immediately and ushered them into the Lady’s presence.  The woman was astonished that the leader of such a fabled people appeared no older than herself, but she bowed deeply to the venerable woman, as did Taric.  “Welcome home,” said the Lady formally, “Pip and Bard have already returned and briefed me upon the success of your mission.  What of your companion?”  
Taric just as formally told his story.  The Lady did quite well in concealing her concern for her husband’s safety and said to the woman, “and what is it you seek in Astoria?”  
The woman bowed once more and said, “I do not know what it is I seek, perhaps to join you one day, but for now I wish to learn more of the Master and seek shelter from those who would seek my life for sparing your servant’s.”  
The Lady smiled, “you have my thanks for my servant’s life.  Stay as long as you wish and if one day you decide to join us, please speak with me upon the matter.”  A servant appeared and led the healer off into the castle, leaving Taric alone with his wife.  She stood and he bowed.  She beckoned him to follow her into a small parlor adjoining her more formal audience chamber.
Only when they were alone did she dare embrace him and welcome him home after a parting of over six months.  He greeted her likewise and finally said, “this is certainly an awkward situation in which we find ourselves!  What are we to do?”  
She smiled and said, “our duty of course.  Which means I must send you into danger as willingly as I send anyone else.  There can be no more public signs of affection or special attention given or received.”  
He nodded, “which is as it must be, though I fear I shall prove a liability to you.”  
She smiled grimly, “if such a situation should arise, your life must be of no more or less importance than anyone else’s.  I pray such a situation shall not be sent to try us, but if it should occur, we both shall do what we must.”  He nodded and they emerged from the small room.  She resumed her seat and he bowed himself formally from her presence.  Never would anyone suspect their relationship based upon their public behavior towards one another.  Of this the other Brethren wholly approved and expected nothing less of either.
That night Taric went in search of his wife and found she had already retired to her quarters.  He asked a passing servant if the Lady’s current chambers were the same as those belonging to her predecessor.  The servant said carefully, “yes sir, they are, why do you ask?”  
Taric smiled, “I was just wondering where I might spend the night.”  The servant was stricken at such a suggestion and made this known to the intrepid man, “sir, perhaps you do not understand the ways of the Brethren!   They are a bit more abstentious than the rest of the world is wont to be.  They do not do such things!  It would be quite inappropriate.  If you need a room I shall certainly procure you one.”
As this conversation was going on, another servant approached.  He eyed his comrade in amusement as he heard the exchange, waited patiently for the other servant to finish, and said to Taric, “sir, if you will follow me, the Lady wishes to see you.”  
Taric smiled in amusement as the other servant gaped, “such things have never been done before!  It is highly improper!  The Council of Six will never stand for it!”
Taric laughed, “why not leave the affairs of the Brethren to the Brethren my friend.  Such has never been done before because the former Lady was never married!  It is quite all right.  Trust the new Lady as you did the former and you will do well.  Good night!”  He bowed politely to the flabbergasted man and followed the other servant.  It seemed this new arrangement would take some getting used to for everyone!


Chapter 7

As much as the Lady found comfort in her husband’s continued presence in Astoria, he could not remain indefinitely.  The time soon came when he rode off on another dangerous quest.  Their agents in Versa had suddenly fallen silent and the news the Lady had had from them before their disappearance was tending towards the disastrous.  The King had decided that the tenets taught by the Brethren were a bit old fashioned and that a new order for the day was needed.  She feared the worst for her servants and the people of Versa, thus she sent Taric as her new Advisor to the King, that he might discover what was passing in Versa and perhaps convince the King to return to the Common Law for the sake of his people.  
Bard had left for Versa a few days prior with orders to find a place within the King’s court and see if he could assist the others the Lady would send after him.  The Teachers and Philosophers that had frequented Versa had completely disappeared.  The Lady knew this mission might prove very dangerous but it must be completed; she could not spare her husband any more than anyone else.  She bid him farewell, watched him ride out of sight, and then returned to her duties.  Taric rode away with mixed feelings, joyous to be on the road once more but also a little sad at parting from his beloved wife.  It was difficult to be married within the Brethren at the best of times, being the husband of the Lady was even more complicated!  He mused on these things as he rode along but as he neared Versa, he became wholly focused on the mission before him.
He stopped at an inn in a village on the edge of the country and asked of the proprietor, “what passes in Versa these days, my good man?”  
The innkeeper laughed grimly, “nothing of good, especially for folk of your persuasion.”  
Taric asked, “what do you mean?  What has the King against the Brethren?”  
The man glanced around, as if they might be overheard in the empty inn, and said, “he wants nothing more to do with the Common Law and other such ‘nonsense.’  He wants to be the absolute authority in all things and so has done his best to silence your folk one way or another.  His new way of doing things makes him very nearly a tyrant; there is no law, save for his whims.  If you displease him, you are like as not to meet a rather swift end.  He takes whatever he wants and does as he pleases, anyone who dislikes his policies is not around long enough to protest.  It is said that public executions have become a favorite way of entertaining the court and keeping dissenters at bay.  I would either change clothes or ride back the way you came.”  
Taric said, “I cannot go back and I have been sent to the King on official business for the Lady, so I think I must remain in my uniform.  I will just have to take whatever comes.  Thank you for your advice.”  The aging man shook his head and sadly thought he would never see the man again.  Taric rode on to the capital city and was soon intercepted by a patrol.
The captain rode up to Taric and scoffed, “how long will it take before you fools figure out that you are not welcome here?  Go home before worse happens!”  
Taric smiled grimly, “I am bidden to your King by the Lady herself.  I shall certainly discuss the matter with him.”  
The soldier snorted, “it is your head!  My men will escort you.”  Two of the patrolmen rode alongside Taric as he approached the city.  He explained matters to the guards upon the gate, they laughed coldly, but let him into the castle courtyard where he bid farewell to Kalek and watched as he was led off towards the stables.  A guard escorted him to face the King.  
“Another Advisor from the Lady?” laughed the King darkly, “I just got rid of the last fool who thought to fill that role.  Very well, Advisor you shall give me your counsel on a certain matter and if I like it, you shall remain in your position until you displease me.  If I do not like your advice I shall have you disposed of.”  
Taric bowed and said, “it shall be as it must, Sire.”  
The man laughed coldly, stood, and beckoned Taric to follow, as did the majority of the court.  They came to a wide lawn that seemed to serve a variety of purposes at need; it was currently employed as an archery range.  “Now,” said the King, “I have a matter for you to consider.  When my guards encounter outsiders within our bounds saying things that I dislike, the intruders are given the chance to leave, and if they refuse, they are arrested.  This man was given just such a chance but failed to leave.  I wish to have him executed for treasonous speech against the crown.  What have you to say upon the matter?”
Taric looked around for the prisoner, his heart sank when he saw the man tied securely to an archery target.  How had Quinn gotten himself into that position?  The King smiled at Taric’s reaction and said, “I had thought the court might enjoy a little target practice and our friend here might oblige them.  I had wished to go hunting him in the gardens, but the fool refused to run, which takes all the sport out of it.  This will suffice however.”  
Taric said, “what exactly did this man do?”  
The King scoffed, “he was telling tales contrary to my new theory on ruling my country and was told to leave.  He refused.  Thus I had him legally arrested and now he awaits his sentence.”  
Taric shook his head, “this is not justice, Majesty!  You cannot run your country thus or soon your people will rise up to overthrow you or someone within your own court will usurp your power through treasonous means.  No country can thrive unless it is ruled justly without the fear of treason or tyranny.  You cannot kill a man simply because you do not like his opinions; all people have a right to hear the Common Law and the Truth.  The Brethren will continue in their duties even if you threaten our lives for doing just that.  In the end, the Master shall triumph and all the schemes of men shall come to naught.”  
The King frowned, “I do not like your advice.  I gave you a chance and you have failed utterly.”  
Taric said, “I can only speak what I know to be true.  You cannot treat men as you do!  We are not animals to be hunted or used in such a manner to amuse your lackeys.  You cannot do this!”
The King smiled maliciously, “you are right I think.  Untie our target.”  Taric could not quite believe what he was hearing, had the King actually changed his mind?  As Quinn was loosed and brought into the party, the King said, “no, I think it will be far more amusing to toss the both of you into the Griffin Pit; perhaps you can change the mind of the beast, for he is certainly more reasonable than I am wont to be.”  
Taric’s jaw dropped, “you have a griffin?”  
The King smiled proudly, “yes, some adventurers captured the beast as a cub and sold it to me for an obscene amount of money.  It was well worth it however, for times such as this.  Nothing amuses the court more, and now you shall see my pet closer than most mortals ever encounter one of the beasts.  Of course you shall not survive to regale others with the tale, but then that is the point of this exercise.  Come!”  
Word quickly spread and soon a mob of courtiers, soldiers, and other spectators had gathered around the edges of a great pit over which a meshwork of metal bars had been set to keep the beast from flying off.  Quinn said quietly to Taric as they were led towards the hatch that allowed prisoners to be thrown to the beast, “I am glad you rescued me from the archery range but I fear your escape plan needs a little work.  Now what?”  
Taric laughed grimly, “I have no idea.  Perhaps we shall simply serve as dinner for the creature, but I will try and think of something.”  
Quinn smiled, “I suppose we have both been dead before, what is one more time?  Farewell my friend, if this be the end.”  
Taric smiled back and said, “one way or another, we shall see each other again, perhaps quite soon.”
The hatch door was opened, the prisoners were pushed inside, and the door shut.  The hatch opened on a tunnel with a steep floor that slanted down into the pit.  The tunnel was too small for the griffin to enter and the floor too slippery for anyone to gain a foothold, thus they would slide helplessly into the clutches of the waiting monster.  Taric and Quinn clung desperately to the iron bars of the hatch to keep from sliding into the pit, but the guards viciously beat their fingers to force them to loosen their grasp.  
Taric said quickly to Quinn, “we will both probably die, but I will distract the thing and you try and find a way out.”
Quinn tried to argue but Taric shook his head grimly, and Quinn nodded reluctantly.  The monster knew it was feeding time and waited impatiently at the base of the shaft; his great beak gaped open in anticipation and he screamed eagerly.  Taric let go of the hatch and slid towards the griffin’s gaping maw with his booted feet forward.  As he reached the monster, he used both legs to kick it in the beak.  The thing shrieked in rage and pain and went after the fleeing man.  As soon as the griffin was distracted by Taric, Quinn let go his grip on the bars and slid into the pit.  The griffin was nearly upon his friend when Quinn saw a dark opening on one side of the pit; he raced towards what looked like the creature’s lair, hoping there was a way out.  He glanced back and saw that the thing had Taric by the throat and shook him like a dog shaking a rat.  Contented with its prey, it lay down to enjoy its meal.  The crowd was wild with blood lust.  Quinn ducked into the griffin’s den, his heart aching for Taric and hoping his sacrifice had not been in vain.
He crept towards the back of the lair, suddenly he felt strong arms grab him and heard the clang of iron doors sliding shut.  He was quite surprised to see a roughly clad Bard holding him in a dimly lit room adjoining the griffin pit and separated by an iron gate.  Quinn had never been so happy to see anyone in his life.  He quickly obliged when Bard asked for his clothes, though he did not quite understand why.  Quinn changed into some ragged clothes that might be worn by the roughest laborer.  Together they quickly dressed a dead pig, or at least what was left of a dead pig, in Quinn’s garments.  The pig had no head or feet and looked a pathetic thing in the uniform of the Brethren.  Bard opened the gate once more and they tossed the ill-clad carcass into the griffin’s lair.  Bard then secreted Quinn in the bottom of the pony cart used to haul away the refuse after the griffin’s pen was cleaned.  Finished with its first victim, the griffin came looking for Quinn, only to find the dead pig.  It was contented with pork and quickly set upon the carcass with relish and much tearing of fabric and crunching of bone.  Nothing remained but a few shattered bones and the bloodied, tattered uniform.  
The guards entered the dim room, looked at what they thought were the remains of Quinn, and returned to report to the King.  Bard then went about the grim task of cleaning up after the monster.  The thing could be confined either in the pit or in its lair via another iron gate and the keeper could then clean the uninhabited section in relative safety.  Once this had been accomplished, Bard hitched up the pony and drove the cart out of town to dispose of the remnants of the beast’s meal.  Once safely away from prying eyes, Bard helped Quinn from his hiding place in the back of the cart.  Quinn gasped, “what are you doing in such a place?  How did you manage to get such a ghastly job and why?”  
Bard smiled grimly, “the Lady sent me to see if I could gain useful employment within the castle, that I might be of use to whoever she sent after.  This was the only position available and no one else was very eager to take it.”  
Quinn smiled sadly, “I can understand why.  Ugh!”  
Bard said grimly, “it is not just that.  This position seems to open up quite frequently as someone has the bad habit of opening the gate confining the griffin to one section of his pen while the attendant is cleaning the other.”  Quinn shuddered at the thought.  Bard said, “I am glad I did attain this post however as it availed you and also the King’s son.”  
“The King’s son!” said Quinn.  
Bard nodded, “the vile man would not even spare his own son when he questioned his father’s wisdom in dealing with his people so.  He and Barron, the Lady’s former Advisor to the King, were tossed to the griffin just like you and Taric.  Barron led the griffin on a merry chase to spare the boy.  I have him hidden with an obliging farmer, who will be happy to hide you as well.  What we should do next, I do not know.”  
Bard stopped the cart in a quiet spot and they buried what little remained of Taric and the pig, there was no point in trying to decide what belonged to whom.  Quinn laughed sadly, “it does seem a bit ignominious to be buried with a pig!”  
Bard laughed and clapped his friend on the back, “I am sure Taric would see the humor in it, besides, he is far beyond such concerns.  But there is one last honor we must do our friend, and perhaps even such an obliging pig.”  Their haunting song carried far on the wind.
Bard turned his friend over to the obliging farmer and Quinn was introduced to the exiled prince.  Bard said he would send word or visit when he had a better idea of how to rectify the terrible things that were passing in Versa.  He turned the pony and drove back into town.  How many more innocent folk must die before the King relented in his terror?  Bard stabled the pony and busied himself with a few tasks about the rooms built to provide for the griffin’s continued care and well-being.  Suddenly a firm hand gripped Bard’s shoulder and he looked up into the eyes of one of the guards.  The man smiled grimly, “the King would have a word with you.”  
Bard nodded silently and followed the four guards out of the subterranean chambers towards the King’s main audience chamber.  The entire court was gathered to hear what the assistant griffin keeper would have to say for himself.  The head griffin keeper was standing near the King with a look of devious pleasure on his face.  Bard had little doubt who was responsible for the ‘accidents’ involving the previous men to have held his position.  The guards stopped before the King and all bowed respectfully.  The King smirked, “our most honorable Head Griffin Keeper has informed me that this morning’s exhibition did not go completely as expected.  He tells me the storyteller survived and you had a hand in it.  Who are you and where is the man?”  
Bard drew himself up and looked defiantly at the King, “I am one of the Brethren, sent by the Lady to help in restoring justice to this Kingdom of yours.  The man is quite safe but I will not betray his location.”
“The Brethren, bah!” spat the King, “You are ever meddling in affairs in which you have no concern.  Who gave you the right to interfere in things that do not concern you?”  
Bard smiled grimly, “it is ever our duty to see that justice is restored in all places where the objectivity of the leadership is lost.”  
“You dare claim lordship over what is not rightfully yours?” sneered the King.  
Bard laughed grimly, “we do not rule Majesty, we advise and assist and fight when necessary to see that injustice and war do not perpetuate.  We work within the legal framework to reestablish justice and peace.  It is in the best interest of all to abide by the Common Law and to rule your people justly; corrupt nations do not endure.”  
The King scoffed, “why does everyone keep saying that?  Your dead friend has already given me that lecture today.  We shall see if you do a better job convincing the griffin of this seeming injustice than your comrade.  Tomorrow you shall face the same fate.  Take him away!”  Bard was led off to the cells adjacent to the pit to await the morrow.  He did not despair but quietly wondered how they were to restore order to such a tyrannical kingdom.

Quinn, Prince Eldor, and their host sat at the kitchen table and discussed the state of the Kingdom.  Eldor sighed, “my father has become quite a tyrant!  I simply advised him not to continue in this folly and he had me thrown to the monster.  He was not always as he now is.  He was once a fairly just and honest ruler, but he found that the court enjoyed such spectacles and he enjoys the adulation, thus it spurs him on to greater and greater atrocities.  He has lost himself to pride and the whole country suffers for it.”  
Quinn said, “how are we to rectify things?  Especially with so many of the guards, servants, and courtiers addicted to the King’s blood sport?”  The prince could only shake his head.  
The farmer said, “I am just a simple man, but I know the people are tired of the King’s fancies.  Once he runs out of political prisoners to execute, I am sure he will turn to the commonfolk, a number of us have already been so unfortunate.  Taxes become ever more burdensome and the guards become more and more aggressive and greedy.  We would gladly support a new King, but I know not how to accomplish such a task.”  
Quinn said, “I cannot help in starting a rebellion.”  
The prince nodded, “I will not see Versa torn to shreds simply to oust my father.  But neither can we sit here and do nothing.”  They discussed long into the night but came no nearer to an answer.

The King sat upon his throne but the grand hall seemed hazy and not quite solid; he wondered where his guards, servants, and courtiers were.  The lonely hall was quieter than a tomb and the King felt its eerie silence as a heavy weight upon his heart.  Suddenly he was not alone, but he was not comforted by another human presence.  The King glowered at the insolent ghost who stood before him.  Taric looked him firmly in the eyes.  The King snarled, “must you even haunt my dreams?  Is it not enough that you waste my waking hours?  Be gone fell spirit, I want none of you.”  
Taric said, “I am no ghost, but a messenger, Sire.  You have done terrible things and it must stop.  You have time to change your ways and seek the Master’s forgiveness.”  
The King laughed scornfully, “your Master’s pity did you little enough good!  I want none of his mercy or grace.  Take it to your grave and long may it rot in your bosom.  I will not be lectured by a phantasm.”  
Taric shook his head, “your terror shall end, one way or another.  Do not be a fool and fall prey to your own arrogance!  You have time, but not much.”  
The King scoffed, “you threaten me?  What can an apparition do to me?”  
Taric said, “I am but a messenger.  This doom is brought about by your own hand.  Heed well my words or rue them for an eternity.  Life as you know it is not all there is to existence, nay it is the least part of eternity.”  
The King could not contain his mirth, “hah!  You cling to your outdated mythology even after it gets you killed!  You are nothing more than a figment of my own dreaming.”
Taric smiled, “I am no dream.  The Master asks you to reconsider.  Time grows short and you must act quickly to save your own life, and your soul.”  
The King was very nearly out of his mind with amusement, “what use have I for a soul!  Am I to spend eternity haunting others’ dreams?  I think not.  Tell your precious Master I will do as I wish and none can tell me otherwise.”  
Taric gave him a pained look and said, “do not forget or take lightly the warning that is given!”  
As suddenly as he had come, he was gone.  The King sat in his great chair and laughed.  It seemed not even death could cure the fools of their folly.  The dream shifted to something more normal and Taric’s dire warning was soon lost in the chaotic innocence of sleep.  The King awoke the next morning in excellent spirits and was in such a good mood that he had Bard fetched to entertain him further.  “Now,” said the King, once the servants and guards had been dismissed, “I saw a friend of yours last night.”  Bard frowned, not understanding.  The King laughed gaily at his confusion.  He continued, “I suppose you will be pleased to know that your dead comrade is now gainfully employed haunting the dreams of people who would rather have their sleep undisturbed.  Is this what you Brethren aspire to after death?  Am I to be tormented thus by every man of your order who dies by my hand?”  
Bard shook his head, “Majesty, this is certainly an odd occurrence but the Master can do as He pleases with those in His service.  It is not commonly held that such is our fate after death.  What did he say?”
The King laughed, “he warned me to repent else some ill fate of my own making will befall me.  What nonsense!  I found it vastly amusing.  I am the King and none would dare move against me or they shall suffer the fate I choose for them.”  
Bard said, “Majesty, it would be wise to heed his words.  Such visions are not often sent to warn those on the brink of destruction.  For your sake and the sake of Versa, I beg you to consider his warning.”  
The King laughed scornfully, “you are as bad as your friend the wraith.  Are the Brethren all such mewling cowards?”  
Bard said quietly, “would you give your life for the chance that your friend might live?  Can you call what Taric did yesterday cowardice?”  
The King scowled, “I grow tired of you and your ilk.  I will not be lectured.  Go back to your cell and await your own doom!”  
The guards returned and herded Bard back to his cell.  The King stared at his half eaten breakfast, no longer able to stomach the food before him.  Neither did he have the heart to carry out Bard’s prescribed sentence this day.  The Brethren certainly had a way of taking all the joy out of life.  Doubt started to gnaw at the edges of his conscience but he viciously chased it away.  He was in a foul mood for the rest of the day and went to bed early, determined to overcome the uneasy thoughts stirring within him.

Grim, the head griffin keeper, and a few chosen guards, crept quietly through the halls.  He had seen the King ill-at-ease today and wished to take advantage of the situation.  The brutality of the King’s new policies suited him very well and now his own dreams would come to fruition.  In a Kingdom with no restraint on the whims of the monarch, Grim could not imagine allowing anyone but himself to hold that vaunted position.  The court and the guards were quite taken with the bloodlust and would not object to a little more.  He promised those with him places of influence and power if they would aid him in taking the throne.  Any of the court or guard who objected would simply be dealt with, he had learned much from the tactics of the soon to be late King.  The court had also seen their King in his uneasiness and it made some of them whisper about his weakness behind closed doors.  There would never be a better chance.  It must be tonight else someone else might just beat him to it.  They encountered no one abroad at that hour and were careful to keep to the less traveled corridors.  The guards on duty outside the King’s chambers were in on the plot and said nothing as Grim and his five companions entered the King’s bedchamber.  
The King had not been able to sleep and looked up in surprise as his room was invaded by a half dozen armed men.  Somehow he was not surprised at the swift fulfillment of Taric’s dire words.  The deed was quickly done and Grim set about securing his reign.  All the occupants of the castle were roused from their beds and herded into the grand audience hall.  Grim quickly asserted himself as ruler of the country, but dissension arose among the courtiers, the guard, and even the servants.  Without laws or morals ensuring the reign of the King, everyone wanted to rule.  A great hundred sided melee was soon underway for the crown.  Everyone fought everyone else.  Those with no interest in such things fled from the hall and the insanity therein.  Bard sat quietly in his cell and wondered what the cacophony was at such an hour.  A few frightened servants ran by and the guard outside the cell stopped one in his flight and asked what was happening.  The servant quickly told his tale before fleeing again in terror.  
The guard said nothing for a minute and then said to his prisoner, “I know the Brethren are supposed to be learned beyond that of most men.  What is happening and what should be done?”  
Bard said, “the King spoke to me this morning that he had been warned in a dream by one of my fallen comrades that this would come to pass if he did not change his ways.  I think the judgment of the Master is come upon Versa.”
The guard said, “I do not agree with what the King has done but have never been brave enough to speak out.  How is order to be restored?”  
Bard said sadly, “order rests upon rules, laws, and ethical behavior.  When such break down there can be no order.  For order to be restored, the people must support their ruler and the ruler must treat his people well or chaos will continue to erupt sporadically.”  
The guard sighed, “what ever are we to do?”  
Bard said, “the King’s son lives still.  He is a good and just man and will rule his people in his father’s stead if we can reestablish the throne.”  
The guard looked up in surprise, “but I saw him tossed in to sate the griffin!”  
Bard smiled, “I managed to smuggle him out of the pit and out of the castle, just as I did the storyteller, which is why I am thus imprisoned.”  
The guard smiled, “I think all those desperate for power and blood are busy killing one another, afterwards we shall need someone to lead us.  I will release you and accompany you to wherever it is you have secreted the prince.  Then we shall return and restore order and justice to Versa.”  
Bard smiled, “an excellent plan.  Come, we must hurry.”  
The guard released Bard and they went to fetch the prince.  The farmer was quite surprised by the arrival of guests at such an hour, but Quinn and the Prince hastily put away their borrowed swords.  Bard explained the situation and the prince and Quinn were swiftly in the saddle and riding back to the castle.  The castle gates were unguarded as they returned.  All who sought power had rushed to the great hall to fight for the rule of Versa and all others had hidden themselves lest they be consumed by the madness sweeping the castle.
The four made their way quietly through the halls but saw no one.  Cautiously they opened a side door leading into the great hall and saw all that remained of the grab for power.  The floor was littered with the dead and dying.  A badly bruised Grim sat wearily upon the throne, one arm hung flaccid at his side but he had been triumphant.  He jumped out of his seat when he saw the four men creeping into the hall.  He screamed, “the rule of Versa is mine!  Be gone or face the griffin.”  
Bard shook his head, “has not enough blood been spilled this night?  Look around you!  This is the price of treachery.  The rightful heir to the throne shall assume the rule of Versa and order shall be restored.”  
Grim scoffed, “the prince is dead you fool!”  
The prince stepped forward into the dim light of the rising sun and said, “I am quite alive, thank you.  Surrender and you may face a fair trial, but I fear the end will still be the same.”  A sort of madness seemed to grip the man and he lunged at the would-be usurper of his bloody throne.  He was quickly dealt a lethal blow by the guard and thus ended the struggle for the throne.
The people of Versa were horrified by what had come to pass and quite relieved to have a just ruler upon the throne once more; at last, the future looked brighter than it had in many days.  Word was quickly sent to Astoria and Teachers were sent to restore the faith of the people of Versa in the Master and His Truth and Law.  After the horrors they had witnessed, they understood all too well the consequences of injustice and pride.  Bard and Koril, the helpful guard, returned to Astoria after Eldor’s rule was secure and the havoc had been put to rest.  Quinn remained behind to advise the King and teach his people.  Bard did not look forward to telling the Lady that Taric had fallen.  Koril was eager to join the Brethren, hoping to right the wrongs he had once been too terrified to speak out against.  He was grateful for another chance and for the Master’s forgiveness of his weaknesses.  
The Lady saw them immediately upon their return.  She greeted Koril warmly and thanked him for his help before putting him in the capable hands of one of the servants to see that he was settled.  She then asked Bard to tell all that had come to pass in Versa.  He told his tale and held back most of the tears for his friend and the fate of those who had slain themselves in their lust for power.  The Lady seemed a little shocked to hear of Taric’s fate and also at the chaos that had ensued but hid her pain well.  She thanked Bard and said she would arrange for Teachers to be sent to Versa before dismissing him.  She sat alone in her chambers for a moment, but a servant soon announced an important envoy and she was forced continue with her daily routine.  She would have to mourn later.
Finally, night came and she had nothing more to which she had to attend.  She withdrew to her chambers and wept long into the night.  Finally, exhaustion and grief overwhelmed her and sleep came.  “Lady?” came a gentle voice, “why do you weep?”  She sat up and looked upon the Master, sorrow was great in His eyes but joy unthinkable lurked just beneath the grief.  He nuzzled her gently and said, “you have no cause for grief.  He is safe in My keeping and you shall be together again when I call you home.  For now, there is much you must do in My name.  Take My peace and joy and know that I have shared your sorrow.”  She felt an overwhelming sense of peace wash through her.  She flung her arms around His great neck and sobbed a bit, but not in despair.  She released Him and knew that everything would be well, even if the pain would never quite go away as long as she drew breath, but she would have strength enough to bear it day by day.  He was gone as suddenly as He had come and the Lady found herself embraced by a sweet sleep.  She woke in the morning, and though her heart ached keenly, she was able to face each day with renewed strength in the Master, for He was the source of all joy and yet able to bear all her sorrows.


Chapter 8

Sehra had taken to life in Astoria like a bird to the air.  All of her former dabblings in darkness were nothing compared to the wonder and joy she found among the Brethren.  She happily joined their ranks at the next Oathtaking and made quite an astonishing decision: she wished to join the Messenger sect.  She was the first woman ever to wish to join the Messengers, and as she was highly skilled in everything she put her mind to, the Lady felt she must allow it.  The problem came in finding someone to apprentice the young woman with, for there were no other female Messengers.  Finally, Malia was chosen, for a Teacher she was quite skilled with a sword and knowledgeable and skilled in many areas beyond what was required of the average Teacher.  She was not a Messenger per se, but she was about as close as the Lady could find.  Sehra was quite amused by the situation, but impressed with her mentor’s knowledge and skills, she was not disappointed to be apprenticing outside her chosen sect.  
The years passed and soon enough, Sehra was off on adventures of her own.  After one such outing, she found herself riding home through the wild forests of the north after completing her mission in the Northern Frontier.  There were a few scattered villages and some intrepid farmers about, but there was little of civilization to be found in such a place.  She stopped early that day in a little village, for it would be days before she again found any clustering of the habitations of men.  It was market day and she wandered about the village green visiting with the vendors and restocking her supplies for the next leg of her journey.  She came to a small stand where two young women sat selling various vegetables, cheeses, and other commodities.  As she approached, the girls started whispering excitedly to one another.  Sehra bid them a good afternoon and moved on, but she felt their eyes upon her.  She went to the inn, seeking shelter from the crowds in the relatively peaceful common room.  As evening approached, the two young women from the market entered the inn and asked if they might join Sehra at her table.  She nodded, curious as to their earlier excitement.  
“You are our sister!” said the tallest of the two.  Sehra gave the two a strange look, knowing full well that neither of the disparate looking girls could be her sister or even sisters with one another.  
Sehra smiled, “I am fairly certain that we are not related.”  
The girls giggled and the tall one spoke again, “no, you are our sister in Zook!”  
Sehra gave them an even stranger look, “who is Zook?”  
The girls exchanged a mystified look, “why Zook is the great goddess, the maker of everything!  How do you not know of her, when her mark is surely upon you?”  Sehra gave them the strangest look of which she was capable, still no closer to understanding.
Sehra said patiently, “I have never heard of this Zook nor even imagined there to be such a being.  How can her ‘mark be upon me’ if I have not a clue as to who or what she might be?”  
The girls exchanged a curious look and the tall one said, “I do not know.  But perhaps you would accompany us back to our village that you might meet the Priestess of Zook?  She will be able to answer your questions.”  Sehra really had no pressing need to return to Astoria as quickly as she might and the Lady would certainly like to know of this strange sect that had sprung up in the wilderness.  
She said, “that is a most intriguing idea.  When do we leave?”  
The girls smiled and one said, “we are leaving tonight if you wish to join us?”  
Sehra nodded, gathered her things, and followed the girls from the inn.  She found Kalek in the stable and quickly had him saddled and ready for the strange journey before them.  Sehra had been amazed to learn that he was to be her mount after he lost Taric; the greathearted creature had now served three masters and lost two of them.  She could not imagine what he had endured but was grateful for his faithful service and companionship.  They rode alongside the little pony cart the girls had used to transport their wares to market.  The day was fading into night but the path was broad and the moon was bright upon the horizon.  Kalek did not like the feel of their two companions but continued their journey as his mistress wished.  She wondered what it was he did not like about them; all he could say was that they felt wrong somehow.
“How far away is your village?” asked Sehra of her two companions.  
The tall one said, “we shall be there before midnight.”  
True to their word, after a journey of several hours, they arrived in a small village.  As it was late, they chose to go straight to bed and seek out the mysterious priestess on the morrow.  Kalek did not like the feel of the place and refused to stray far from Sehra.  He was content to idle about the edges of the little settlement but refused to be tied or stabled.  Sehra smiled at his protective stubbornness and let him have his way.  The girls thought it odd but made no comment.  They stabled their pony and retired to a small cottage they shared with two other girls who were already fast asleep.  The girls apologized for not having a spare bed but Sehra was content to find a place in the corner to curl up as she was used to sleeping rough, sleeping indoors was almost a luxury!  Morning came and the occupants of the little cottage were up with the sun.  The two girls who shared the hut with Sehra’s new acquaintances were excited to meet their impromptu roommate, and were quite eager to see what the Priestess of Zook would make of their guest.  After a quick wash and a humble breakfast, all five went to seek out the Priestess, who seemed to be the leader of this odd village.
As they crossed the village, Sehra was surprised to see that there were no men or children about.  There were women busy chopping wood, hanging laundry, milking cows, feeding chickens, weeding garden plots, drawing water, and all the myriad tasks needed to make a living in such a place; they were mostly young, though here and there a middle aged woman could be seen.  Sehra said quietly to the nearest girl in their party, “why are there no men or children about?  Is this settlement composed completely of women?”  
The girl laughed, “but of course!  It is as Zook commands.  Life is much simpler without the hassle of men or families, thus we have more time to commit to reverencing Zook.”  
Sehra nodded, though quite confused by the concept.  The Brethren had no children themselves and seldom married, but Astoria was full of families and children.  The village seemed strangely silent and lacked some aspect of joy for the absence of such life.  They left the village and followed a small path that led off into a grove of trees and crossed a bridge with a chattering brook beneath.  The brook took a sharp turn into the trees and broadened out into a pond in the midst of the grove before narrowing again on the far side and continuing on its way.  It was quite a picturesque setting.  Around the pond, rocks of a size to sit upon had been placed at regular intervals.  In the midst of the pond was a great stone upon which sat a rather regal woman in her middle years.  Something in her bearing minded Sehra of the Lady’s ability to lead but there was something more fickle and sinister about the leader of the Sisterhood of Zook.
The woman stood and the four women about her bowed deeply, Sehra contented herself with a less worshipful gesture.  The Priestess smirked at the seeming slight of the stranger but said nothing for a moment, and then she asked in a voice as brazen as a trumpet, “and what brings you to me this fine morning daughters?  Who is the stranger among you?  Perhaps a pilgrim seeking our glorious Mistress?”  
Sehra’s tall guide bowed once more and said, “oh Lady of Zook, we stand before you with a traveler we encountered in the market yesterday.  She bears the marks of Zook about her person, yet knows not our Great Mistress.  We thought that you alone of all mortals could unravel this mystery to your humble servants.”  
Sehra could not decide whether to laugh or become nauseous at such carrying on; she wisely chose to maintain a neutral expression.  The Priestess turned her eagle’s eyes upon Sehra, who instinctively took a step back.  There was something burning in the depths of those eyes that bordered on madness, but there was no lack of pride or cunning.  
The woman saw the girl’s reaction and smiled cruelly, saying, “you are wise to fear me girl, for the power of Zook is strong within me.  Mortals should quail before such power!  There is some faint glimmer of Her Greatness about you, as if you once knew her glory but forsook her for other things.  Have you become an infidel and a wanderer, but now are come back to seek the Mighty Zook?”  
Sehra said, “I know nothing of this Zook nor do I know anything about this Zookish residue all of you seem to think attends my person.  How can I forsake something that I have never known?”
The Priestess took on a mocking tone, “how can you not know the Mistress of All?  Are not all women made in her image and blessed above all other mortals?  Was it not Zook who brought forth all life and made the world and all within it?  Was it not men who corrupted themselves and fell from her favor?  Do we not seek the favor of Her Greatness by seeking to live a life uncorrupted by the masculine?”  
Sehra asked, “how is humanity to continue if all women abstain from male companionship?”  
The Priestess laughed derisively, while the four women nearly fainted, to think that the stranger would boldly ask such a question of their beloved Priestess!  The Priestess said, “I shall forgive your temerity, for you know not our ways.  We have no need for men to perpetuate the race.  Zook has promised to grant us children in due time, without male interference.  Until that blessed time to come, we must gather followers sired by infidels.”  
Sehra repressed a shudder at so strange and unnatural a thought.  She said, “what exactly is this Zookishness you feel about my person?”  
The Priestess said, “those who are true followers of Zook have a certain feeling about them that can be felt as an aura by others of like faith.”  
Sehra said, “I have never followed this Zook nor even heard tales of her.  She seems in direct competition with the Master, and from what I have heard of the Master, He is not apt to share His glory with any such thing as Zook.”  
The four Zookites gasped at mention of the Master, but the Priestess said patiently, “you are new to us and know not our ways but I will enlighten you as best I can.  I do not know how you can feel of Zook when you have never known Her Grace, but you would be wise to establish such a relationship ere long.  As for this so-called master, he is but a myth created by men: a corrupted image of Zook, Mother of All.  Of course, men could not imagine a female deity thus they maligned Zook into something befitting their small imaginations.  The Master is a corruption and a heresy.  Who would believe that something of the male persuasion could bring forth life!  It is nonsense and Zook is true.”  
Sehra gathered her courage and tried to quash her insolence, as she said, “then the whole world and the Brethren are quite deceived?”  
The Priestess laughed harshly, “of course the world is deceived!  It is ruled by men, is it not?  The Brethren are certainly nothing more than a male dominated circus bent on perpetuating the tragic myth that they themselves begot!”  
Sehra said, “then Zook is simply the female variant of the Master?  The Master in uncorrupted and original form?”  
The Priestess scoffed, “of course not!  They are as unlike as sunshine and moonlight.  One is but a dim reflection of the other.  You are quite bold for a heretic.”  
Sehra smiled, “I suppose you might call me that, as I remain firmly unconvinced of this Zook of yours.  Are you all those that claim to worship her?”  
The Priestess said, “we are the faithful of Zook, but someday her name shall be heard through all the earth and the blasphemy of the Master shall be forgotten.  I understand your doubt, but I hope one day that you will join us as a sister in the mystery of the Divine Feminine.  We shall gather this very night in the light of the moon to give glory to Zook.  You may watch and perhaps this will strengthen your faith?  I sense a great heart within you and a strong spirit, both of which are a needful trait to offer at the altar of the Great Zook.  Until tonight, then.”  
The five women bowed, the Zookites more deeply than absolutely necessary, and returned to the village.  The tall woman said, once they were away from the pond, “you are far too bold in the presence of the Priestess.  She has granted you much grace because of your ignorance but you must not say such things and upset her so.”  
Sehra smiled, “how am I to learn of your Zook if I do not ask such questions?  Would you answer me thus?”  
The woman blanched, “it would be blasphemy for any of us even to ponder such thoughts.”  
Sehra nodded, “then it was good that I sought the wisdom of your Priestess, else my questions would remain forever unanswered.”  The woman nodded but a look of sheer terror played in her eyes.  Sehra spent the balance of the day wandering the village and speaking with its various inhabitants.  
Around fifty women lived in the village and surrounding area and were avid followers of Zook.  Sehra was very careful in her questioning so as not to insult or frighten her hosts and learned what she could of this Zook.  The strangest thing about Zook was that she seemed to have a temper and could come unhinged for some rather minor reasons, whereas the Master never struck out in a temper for silly reasons.  Certainly divine judgment and wrath were dealt out in certain circumstances where men violated the Master’s Law and Truth and openly rebelled against Him, but it was a righteous and holy anger and the result was always just, whereas Zook could strike out at anyone, at any time simply because she felt like it.  Zook seemed a rather capricious god.  
The Master expected His servants to live in accordance with His laws and precepts and to serve others wholeheartedly.  Zook was rather less strict about how her followers conducted themselves (as long as it did not involve men); all of their energy was to be directed towards Zook or their fellow Zookites, but the Brethren spent most of their lives serving those outside their order and often those who cared little or nothing for the Master.  Zook was not a being Sehra thought she could ever be convinced to worship or even believe in.  If men had invented the gods, Zook was the conception that very well might spring forth, but there was something deeper and more sinister going on in this village than the worship of a manmade god.  Zook had power and influence over these women and there was only one such source besides the Master.  Sehra shuddered at the thought.
Night gathered and the moon was full overhead.  The Priestess stood upon her rock in the midst of the pond and the twenty highest ranking women of the village sat upon the stones surrounding the pond while the balance stood behind and encircled the elders.  Sehra stood as far away as she could and still see what was happening.  She hoped she was not close enough for the dark vision on the water to sense her presence, if such was to appear tonight.  The women were clad head to foot in vivid robes of black, red, green, and blue; their heads were hidden beneath veils.  They lifted their voices in an eerie wailing song that raised the hair on the back of Sehra’s neck.  They joined hands and began to sway in time with their howling dirge.  The moon was bright upon the water and two flaming eyes opened in the midst of it.  
“Welcome my daughters,” said a sinister female voice from nowhere, “you come once more to pay me homage.  One day all the world will bend knee to my greatness but it shall start here among the faithful.  Continue in your reverence and I shall hear your prayers.”  The keening intensified as the eyes shut and disappeared, leaving the moon’s reflection again unspoiled.  Sehra shuddered, she had felt that presence once before when it had come unbidden to her washbasin.  These women were dupes of the Evil One!  The strange ceremony continued until the moon had vanished from the pond.  The worshippers then withdrew to the village and wearily sought their beds, well satisfied with their night’s work.
Sehra remained on the edge of the forest surrounding the pond after all the others had retired for the night.  The Priestess left her rock and made her way to shore using several stepping stones, set just below the water’s surface.  She sat on one of the stones circling the pond and beckoned Sehra over.  Sehra claimed an adjacent stone and the Priestess said, “well, what did you think child?  Have you ever seen the Master in such a vision?  You cannot doubt that Zook lives?”  
Sehra said, “no, I have never seen even a vision of the Master, but there are those who claim to have seen Him, and even to have touched Him.  I certainly saw something and I know you call that something Zook, but I am not yet convinced this entity is the rightful mistress of creation.”  
The Priestess laughed coldly, “even in seeing you do not believe?  I have never seen your Master and I am not inclined to believe those who say they have.  Others say they have felt the Master but even this I am disinclined to believe.  We have seen Zook and she knows us and we are hers!  Your Master has no such claim or even such power.  What has your Master that Zook does not?”  
Sehra sighed, “love.”  
The Priestess laughed, “that of course is preposterous!  Zook will deign to love those who humble themselves before her.”  
Sehra said, “the Master died to save all humanity from our own foolishness.  He loves even those that would deny Him.”  
The Priestess shook her head, “foolish child, when shall you open your eyes?  It is all legend and heresy.  It was men that corrupted humanity and it shall be men who pay the price.  Zook is not fool enough to pay what she does not owe for those who least deserve it.  Yet another reason to doubt your precious Master.  Zook is a wild and powerful thing, like the thunderstorm and the she-bear.  She loves her own but is not predicable or knowable by mortal minds.  Sometimes she destroys her own, but she shall certainly destroy those foreign to her.  We serve that we at least have some hope of surviving.  Nature is as capricious and wrathful as its maker, thus another clue that Zook is that maker.  Would not the Master make a tamer and less dangerous world?”  
Sehra said, “who knows what the world was like when first it was made?  We only know what it is in these later days after all is sundered and broken.”  
The Priestess laughed, “a good story but still just a story.  Why would Zook allow her world to fall?  She made it as she meant it and such is she.” 
 Sehra sighed, “what exactly do you do for Zook, save avoiding all things male and gathering around your pond and howling?”  
The Priestess laughed, “I like your spirit!  A pity we cannot convince you to join our cause.  You could be a Priestess of your own village.  Zook has commanded us to gather likeminded followers and will soon reveal her plans.  We also dabble in various magics in preparation for that day.  We are able to heal things no other mortal can heal; our healers travel far and wide and gain many followers because of their powers.”
“You dance with the Nameless One,” said a male voice.  
The Priestess looked up in surprise, standing suddenly to confront the mounted stranger at the edge of the woods.  She growled, “you are not welcome here, most especially in this holy place.”  
Bard laughed, “there is nothing even slightly holy about this glade; it very nearly reeks of evil.”  
The Priestess snarled, “and what would you know of it infidel?  I should not even be speaking to one of your ilk.”  
“My ilk?” asked Bard in some amusement.  
She spat, “men!”  
He laughed, “then you will doubtless find me even more repulsive when you learn I am one of the Brethren.”  
This of course sent the Priestess into near hysterics, “be gone fool or the wrath of my Mistress shall fall upon you.”  
Bard did not seem overly frightened, in fact he almost smiled, saying, “I have nothing to fear from this mistress of yours, but you should probably know that most people think of the Evil One in a masculine sense.”  
She glowered, “the Evil One is as real as your precious Master!  They are both myths.  Zook is all there is.”  
Bard sighed, “apparently you will not listen to reason.”  
The Priestess scowled, “you are the one who has sworn his soul to a myth!  What are you doing here anyway?  How did you find us?”  
Bard said, “we felt some great evil stirring in the area and came to investigate.  It originated from your pond.”  
“We?” said the Priestess.  
Bard smiled, “yes, my mount and I.”  
The Priestess rolled her eyes, “ah yes, your beloved unicorn.  Bah!  Be gone.”  
Bard nodded reluctantly, “may the Master ride with you and guide you to Himself!  Farewell!”  He wheeled his mount and vanished into the night.  The Priestess would have punched the man for such a farewell if she had been close enough.  Sehra could hardly keep from laughing, but her soul was near to weeping for these poor deluded women.
She turned back to Sehra and said, “now you see what impudent fools both men and the Brethren are!  The Evil One, bah!”  
Sehra said quietly, “I think he may be right.”  
The Priestess glared at the girl and said, “what do you mean?”  
Sehra said, “you said you felt some glimmer of Zook about me?”  The Priestess nodded, her curiosity roused.  Sehra continued, “I used to deal in herbs and cures and also dabbled in darker powers to aid my healing efforts.  In doing so, I was doubtless using the power of the Nameless One and it has apparently left some mark or scar upon my being.”  
“I do not believe it,” said the Priestess.  
Sehra said, “believe me, it was he that appeared to me in a vision in a washbasin of all places!  He demanded I kill one of the Brethren in my keeping, that I might serve him body and soul, else his minions would kill me.  I fled in terror that night and what I felt from that fiendish thing in the water was the same thing I felt from your pond!  You are dealing in things dark and terrible and do not even know it.”  
The Priestess said, “it is a good story but there can be no such creature.  Perhaps it was Zook in strange form?  If so, I fear we must hand you over to her for such disobediance.”  
“Nay,” said a male voice dark and sinister, “the girl is mine.  I have been looking for her for years now.  My master wants her dead.  Move away and I will spare your life.”  
The Priestess stared at the strange man in terror but demanded, “who are you?”  
The man laughed, “a true servant of the Nameless One, not some pretender like your troop of silly girls!  Move aside!”  The Priestess easily fell under the man’s mental sway and moved away like one walking in her sleep.
Sehra was on her feet with sword drawn; Kalek was not long in coming and she was soon in the saddle.  Bard came galloping back into the clearing at the behest of Sehra’s mount.  With so many unicorns about, the man’s hold over the Priestess was quickly broken and she stared in astonishment.  The sinister man was not happy to be so outnumbered, but he had not yet run out of tricks.  His lurker came snarling out of the woods, he grabbed the Priestess, and leapt into his saddle.  He sneered, “follow me and I will cut her throat.  Give me the girl and I will give you this pathetic wretch.”  
Sehra exchanged a pained look with Bard and said, “I must do as he says, at least I am safe in the Master’s keeping; if she dies, her soul is lost.”  
Bard nodded grimly, wishing there was some way to take the girl’s place.  He said, “I will go in her stead.”  
The dark man laughed, “hah!  Such a noble hero to die in place of the girl!  I have no interest in you.  My master wants the girl and the girl he shall have.  While I would love to make an end of all your kind, my master grows impatient to have the girl and his impatience is not something easily endured.  Will you come girl or do I kill the woman?”  
Sehra sighed, “I shall take her place.  Release her and I shall come without resisting.”  
The man smiled, “very well; tell your beast not to interfere.”  
He eyed Bard coldly and said, “you had best mind your own business as well.”  Bard nodded reluctantly.  Sehra slid out of her saddle and Kalek gave her such a mournful look that tears came to her eyes.  
She said to the poor creature, “I know what you have already endured but I must do this terrible thing.  Do not hinder this scoundrel in his plans but neither lose heart my friend.  Who knows how it will end?  My only regret is causing you more pain.”  He nuzzled her gently and backed to the edge of the woods, he stared grimly at the man.
Bard looked down at her sadly and said, “I know this thing must be done but it sorely tries my heart.  Would that I could, I would take your place.”  
She smiled sadly and said, “I know and I love you the more for it, but it is as it is.  May the Master ride with you!”  
“Come along then,” snarled the man.  He pushed the Priestess to the ground and snatched Sehra into the saddle before him.  He flung her sword to the ground and urged his lurker onwards.  They disappeared into the woods.  
The Priestess stared in disbelief and asked of Bard, “why would she do such a thing?”  
Bard sighed, “she is one of the Brethren.  It is our duty to give our lives if it might spare others.”  
The Priestess gaped, she had never thought the girl such a fanatic.  She said, “and what was all that about me losing my soul?”  
Bard said, “she is sworn to the Master and live or die, she is firmly in His keeping.  We do not fear death or what comes after.  You however, are very nearly a servant of the Evil One and therefore far from the Master.  Had that man killed you, you would have found yourself in an eternity of darkness without light, hope, joy, or life; your only company would have been your own doubt, despair, and terror.  That is life without the Master!”  
The Priestess pondered the man’s words, actually beginning to believe them after Sehra’s sacrifice on her behalf.  She nearly wept, “how could she do such a thing for a stranger?  Most men would hardly do it for their dearest friend.”  
Bard smiled sadly, “because the Master did it for her, and for each of us.”
The Priestess drew herself up and said, “are we not to go after her?”  
Bard said, “I am bound by my promise not to interfere.”  
The Priestess scowled, “what kind of crazy people are you?  You will die for a stranger but will not rescue your own?”  
Bard said, “were the circumstances any different, I would have long ago been in pursuit but I would break Oath to violate my word.  I cannot follow.”  
“I can follow,” said the Priestess.  
Bard shook his head adamantly, “that you will not.  Are you skilled with a sword?”  
The woman glared, “no.”  
He said, “then all you can do is get both of you killed and Sehra may very well die in vain.  She is willing to give her life not only to spare yours but risks it in hopes of saving your soul!”  
She scowled, “then what are we to do?”  
Bard said, “I suggest you gather your ladies and listen to what I must tell you of the Master.  You owe Sehra at least that much.”  
The Priestess sighed and said, “it will be as you say.  I make no promises but we will listen to what you have to impart.  But what will come of the girl?”  
Bard said, “we must trust in the Master in this as in all things.  He may very well call her home but even so we shall not despair.”  He turned his mount towards the village and the Priestess walked at his unicorn’s shoulder.  The Zookites gathered on the village green and listened first to their Priestess as she told her tale and then to Bard as he told of the Master and answered many questions.  The sun was rising when all had satisfied their curiosity, but it had been a night well spent; Zook was unanimously forsaken by her adherents and never remembered thereafter.  Everyone wearily sought their beds with a strange mix of sorrow and joy mingling in their hearts.

Kalek had vanished as soon as his mistress was out of sight.  He might not be allowed to free her, but he certainly would not abandon her while she lingered this side of eternity.  He ghosted through the trees in close pursuit of the lurker and its riders.  As they rode along, the dark man said, “now what shall we do with you my dear?”  Sehra said nothing but stared defiantly ahead.  The man laughed scornfully saying, “such noble defiance.  My master deigned to look upon you with favor and you spurned him, thus he is eager to have his revenge upon you and to make an example of you to all others.  You belong to him!”  
Sehra laughed, “lie if you must, but know I am the Master’s and His alone.  Your vile master cannot touch me.”  
He scoffed, “you once dabbled in dark powers therefore you are my master’s.  You cannot give your soul to one master and then take it back for another.”  
She laughed, “I do not fear your words or your master.  He can have no claim on me if I renounce him and repent of all I have wrought.  What the Master has forgiven no one can use against me, not even your precious Nameless One!”  He was silent a moment while he thought of something else with which to taunt her.  In his silence, she said, “have you really done nothing but hunt me all these years?”  
He laughed in derision, “you are not so important.  I have had other duties but ever have I kept a watch for you, knowing it would earn my master’s favor, especially when you joined ranks with his enemies!”
As the first glimmers of dawn appeared in the distant east, the dark man reined in his mount in a little clearing where a trio of seedy looking men awaited his return.  “You got her!” said one of the men.  
The dark man sneered, “why are you surprised?  Of course I caught her.”  
“What’re’we’gonna’do’with’er?” said a rather slow looking man.  
“That I have yet to discern,” said the dark man, “we shall rest today and then perhaps our master shall appear to us this night.”  The others nodded glumly, hoping that whatever happened would at least be interesting.  Sehra fell into an exhausted sleep, she felt Kalek nearby and was encouraged by his presence though she knew he would not attempt a rescue.  The sky was dark when she was roused from a sleep fit for the dead.  The dark man said, “now you shall face my master, come.”  
She got to her feet and followed almost curiously after the man.  A dark stream gurgled in the night and they all lay on the bank staring into the water, hoping for or dreading some message from the Nameless One.  After what must have been hours, the dark leader was just about to give up when a deeper blackness appeared in the shadowy water.  Two eyes burned like flame.  They seemed at first pleased and then scornful as they looked upon Sehra.  Then the voice without body spoke, “we meet again my wretched little minx.  I give you one last chance to join me, else I shall let my minions do with you as they see fit.  Well?”  She stared defiantly at the image and said nothing.  The terrible gaze then turned upon her nameless captor, saying, “fool!  Do you know what trouble your interference has wrought?”  
The man went pale as milk as he stuttered, “but I captured the girl as you wished!”  
The vile thing said, “what I wish is that your idiocy had not brought my plans to naught!  It is bad enough when my enemy’s fell servants interfere; it is not tolerable when my own servants bungle things.  You captured one measly girl and snatched fifty souls from my clutches!  I could have used those foolish women to spread their lunacy far and wide, but now I do not even have them within my grasp!  I do not even have the meager consolation of claiming this wretched girl’s soul!  You have disappointed me for the last time!”  The image vanished into the night dark stream and chaos ensued.
A mob of raging goblins fell upon the men still focused on the vanished image; they drew their swords but were quickly overwhelmed by the ravening horde.  Sehra had felt Kalek’s desperate warning about the coming terror and had stood as the monstrosity was lecturing the doomed men.  Kalek was soon beside her and she swung safely onto his back as the monsters fell upon them.  They remained only long enough to know that her captor and his minions were dead.  She would not have fled had he somehow survived but she was no longer bound to a dead man.  They raced through the night back to the village and came with the dawn, only to find everyone still abed.  Bard came blinking into the sun out of the small cottage in which the ladies had offered him shelter for the night.  His mount had awakened him with Kalek’s return.  He stared at the girl, as if she might be an apparition or a dream.  They were silent for a long moment until Sehra finally said, “I am back.”  
“I see that,” said Bard, “but how?”  She quickly told her strange tale and as she finished, some of the former Zookites emerged and listened in horrified fascination.  They shuddered to think what might have happened had they not repented of their strange mythology.  
The former priestess smiled at the girl and embraced her as a long lost sister, saying, “I thought never to see you alive!  Thank the Master you escaped!”  
Sehra smiled, “and it seems much good has come of my little misadventure.”  After the curiosity of all had been satisfied, they allowed Sehra to get what sleep she could, while the others made final preparations for their journey.  Those with families were returning home, many would ride to Astoria, and the rest thought to go back to their own villages and see if they could live a life more pleasing to the Master.  Sehra and Bard rode back to Astoria with those women who chose to go thence.


Chapter 9

Sehra stood before the Princess of Seledon and her dozen ladies, listening to the girl prattle on, “the reason I sent for you was that I grow weary of all life has to offer.  I grow tired of hawking, balls, and paltry entertainments of every kind.  New dresses, luxuriant feasts, and the most dashing princes offer me nothing but more tedium!  I have tried everything else I can think of and have reluctantly resorted to seeking advice from the Brethren.  I sent word to your Lady that I needed assistance in a delicate task and she sent you.  I hope you are up to the challenge, else I shall certainly be displeased.”  
Sehra asked, “and what is this delicate task?”  
The girl laughed scornfully, “why to instill joy and interest into my life, what else?”  
Sehra nearly laughed, “I am no storyteller or musician who can entertain you nor am I the most learned of philosophers who can astound you with my wisdom.  I am but a woman sworn in service to the Master!”  
The Princess scowled, “which is exactly what I need!  I have sought wisdom and amusement from many philosophers, minstrels, and the like but none can satisfy me.  I assume there is something more to existence than that which money can buy, thus I thought to ask someone of a more spiritual persuasion.  I thought to invite one of those odd women rumored to be lurking in the North with knowledge of some great goddess, but alas they are nowhere to be found so I must ask the Brethren to aid me in my quest.”
“And how am I to bring joy to your life lady?” asked Sehra.  
The princess smiled coldly, “that is for you to discover.  No one else has succeeded in bringing interest and joy back into my life, even though I have the world at my fingertips.  No amount of wealth or grandeur will satisfy but simply causes a further hunger for more and more.  It is as if I eat food only to become more hungry; I drink salt water only to increase my thirst.  I cannot worship things.  I will not worship man or nature.  I cannot seek wisdom for its own sake.  I need something more.  I miss the childish delight I once had in simple things, when sunshine and daisies made me far richer than the greatest King!”  
Sehra said, “then I shall certainly tell you what I know of these yearnings.  What they are and how they came to be and how men can satisfy them once more.”  
The princess smiled patronizingly, “I am sure you are as full of wisdom as you are of years.  Who are you to lecture me, being little more than a girl yourself?”  
Sehra laughed, “I perhaps do not have the vast wisdom that comes with extensive study and many years, but I do know a few things about the human heart, if simply by being human and wrestling with these feelings myself.  You did not ask for aid from a learned scholar but the Lady, and she felt it good to send me, thus you must take what I have to impart or let me go about other business.”  
The princess sighed, “I suppose I shall at least hear what you must say.  It is the one philosophical exercise I have yet to undertake, but you shall not interrupt my other activities.  You shall fall in with my ladies and I shall hear you at my leisure.  Otherwise, you are to remain silent.”  
Sehra bowed saying, “as you wish it, my lady.”
Sehra was quickly outfitted as a lady of the court, that she might blend in better with the princess’ entourage than she might with her more usual garb.  The princess thought to gain from whatever the girl had to say but did not wish the rest of the court gossiping about it if she could help it.  The ladies who attended the princess were too concerned about maintaining their enviable positions to spread such gossip.  If asked, the others would simply say the girl was some distant relative from a country estate who needed a bit of edification in the proper behavior of the nobility; Sehra was not allowed to speak for herself on such a matter.  The princess was due to appear at court and the entire entourage made its stately way to the great chamber that held the daily, tedious routine.  Sehra was nearly asleep on her feet and wondered how anyone could endure such an event day after day!  Then came the evening meal, an extravagant feast to Sehra’s simple palate, but it hardly seemed to satisfy the indifferent princess.  After the evening’s entertainment from a visiting minstrel, they retired early to the Princess’ quarters where Sehra would be allowed to elucidate them on the more interesting realities of the soul.  
The princess said, as Sehra stood forth, “explain to me why the physical and intellectual pleasures of this world cannot suffice to satisfy me.”  
Sehra said, “because men are not merely physical creatures but creatures of spirit bound in a physical shell.”  
The princess gave her an odd look and said, “I am not sure I like this definition of what it is to be human!  Why then do the intellectual pursuits not satisfy if we are simply a mind trapped within matter?”
Sehra said, “because all pursuits are vain if there is no goal in mind.  What is the use of eating if not to nourish the body and please the palate?  What use is money with nothing noble on which to spend it?  The pursuit of wisdom for its own sake is vain.  Knowledge gained for some purpose gives meaning and significance to something that would otherwise be a futile collection of facts.  This is also why your more material pursuits offer no joy.  You have no purpose or reason in anything!”  
The princess sighed, “how am I to know this yearning, as it were, for greater purpose is wholesome or even natural?”  
Sehra smiled, “it is the thing that consumes every human soul my lady!  We have yearnings for sleep, water, food, and companionship, which are all quite natural, and it is important we heed them lest we die of thirst or starve to death.  Why would this yearning for some greater purpose, that is buried deep within each of us, not be just as vital, perhaps more so?  For the others are but cravings of our physical bodies whereas the latter is the deepest need of our spirit!”  
Her ladyship sighed, “then why have I not found satisfaction in any of the causes to which I have dedicated time and effort?  Certainly a noble cause should fill such a void?”  
Sehra sighed, “serving a noble cause can certainly fill your time and thoughts but can it fill the void in your soul?  It is like trying to fit a key in the wrong lock.  You think it must fit but no matter how you twist it, it will not go in.”  
The princess said, “so then what is the key to the heart?”  
Sehra smiled, “the Master.”
The princess laughed derisively, “and who is to say the Master is the key?  Why cannot the reasoning of men and logic fill the hole and give us life’s greatest answers?  Why are the beliefs of those strange women of the North not just as likely to fill in the gaps?  Why must the Master be the answer?”  
Sehra said, “because He is.”  
“That does not answer my question,” said the princess condescendingly, “it just restates your original proposition.”  
Sehra sighed, “you are not understanding me.  Without Him nothing would be.  We are, because He is.  He is the Maker and Originator of all things and without Him, we would not exist and as we avoid Him we are ever incomplete.”  
“I see,” sighed the Princess, “but why is he and no other being possibly the creator?”  
Sehra said, “there are many philosophies and many religious sects may surface, but ever has the Master been and never does His Truth entirely fail, though all the hopes and triumphs of men will eventually come to naught.  Why is it you will not bow to human conventions or trust in physical things?”  
The princess said, “because I know men fallible and all material things must eventually cease.  If this is so, how could a perfect creator make a faulty product?”  
Sehra smiled sadly, “He did not, but He gave us a choice and we chose ill.  It was also He that made a way out of our own folly.”  Thus did they speak for some hours until the princess and her ladies were very much tired and not a little confused.  They retired to bed and went for a ride the following morning after an elegant breakfast.
Sehra followed along with the rest of the party, but no one spoke with her or seemed to notice that she was even there.  At noon, they stopped to lunch in a pleasant meadow and the princess again addressed her would-be advisor, “perhaps this Master of yours suffices to fill the gaps in our souls but how does he render joy within our lives?  After all, life is fleeting and the world with it.  What joy can be found in such things if we know they must pass away?”  
Sehra said, “joy comes because we take pleasure in the simple little gifts the Master places in our path every day.  Each sunrise becomes its own universe of pleasure, each butterfly more glorious than the last, each meeting of friends something to be treasured.  But it also comes of the fact that we are no longer trying to please ourselves but our Maker; He takes delight in our delight of Him and His handiwork.  When we lose sight of ourselves, we again become children and share in the delight and joy of innocence.  The problem with the world is that it takes the unimportant far too seriously and the vastly important is nearly ignored.  The material becomes the reason for our being while we ignore the very necessities of what it means to be.  Only when we are no longer burdened with worries over our own selves can we begin to take joy in anything else.”
The princess said, “and how do we rid ourselves of this self-indulgent worry?”  
Sehra smiled joyfully, “why give yourself fully to the Master, trusting Him to care for you thus freeing you to serve others.  To find your life you must first lose it.”  
The princess said, “that makes no sense.”  
Sehra said, “perhaps it is better to say that to find true life first you must abandon that which you thought was life but which is only a poor mockery.  A caterpillar must cease to be a worm in order to become a butterfly!”  
The princess shook her head, “and are we all to join the Brethren then to accomplish your strange ideals?”  
Sehra said, “no, some are called to such a life but most are called to be farmers or kings or poets; to love their wives and serve their neighbors.  The blacksmith and the cooper are just as noble as the greatest knight.  We have different purposes but a common Master.”  
“You are quite a fanatic,” said the princess, “but you inspire me to have an adventure.  I tire of life here, perhaps I shall see if something of interest does not lie somewhere along the road?  You shall take me and as many of my ladies as are willing to this Astoria of yours, and we shall see if we cannot learn the truth of these matters.”  
Sehra was stunned but said, “as you wish it my lady.  When shall we leave?”  
The princess laughed, “tomorrow, I think.  Let us return and pack!”  
The King was intrigued by his daughter’s idea but not quite eager to have her alone upon the road.  She agreed to a half dozen guards in her company so that he would allow this insane venture to go forward, if only to gain peace in his own household.  He would have refused had he any less than three daughters and as many sons.  Four of her ladies also wished to go.  The strange philosophy of the girl seemed to echo a deeper need within each of them and these were those willing to admit such a feeling.  The others scoffed at their perceived weakness but deep in their hearts wished they were brave enough to go.
The strange party set out for Astoria, the soldiers intent on keeping the ladies safe and the ladies intent on finding the desires of their hearts, which the world told them was to be found in love, wealth, or power but none of this had been enough to fill the void in their souls.  They could not understand this yearning for something more if they were simply creatures that were born, lived, died, and ceased to be.  They felt as if eternity was a thing for which they were made, though they could not possibly begin to understand it nor to plumb its width and depth.  
They were at least willing to try this peculiar thing called faith, if it failed to meet their expectations, at least they will have had an adventure.  They were unsure of this being called the Master, but they knew their greatest hopes could not be met by anything within themselves or within the bounds of human thought and reason.  Perhaps they could find some grey middle ground in which they would not have to abandon everything to this Master creature.  In which they could keep him happily in the background and live as they chose, yet be content in knowing that they were not truly alone.  They did not relish the idea of complete surrender; they wanted it as they wanted it and were reluctant to take things as they must be.  
They were a strange party, the soldiers and Sehra were well used to riding and living abroad in all weather and conditions.  The ladies knew little more than how to survive a sudden summer rain shower interrupting a pleasant ride.  They had thought to stay at inns along the way, but they had neither money nor circumstance to do so as often as they might wish, inns being few and far between in the less civilized regions through which they traveled.  Sehra insisted that each of the girls must wear a sword even if they could not use it.  The captain agreed, for even the suspicion that all within the armed party might know the use of a weapon might make their journey less dangerous.  They made the journey without incident much to everyone’s delight, save those silly enough to think that such dangers were a necessary part of any journey else it was not an adventure.  The older campaigners knew that adventures happened often enough in everyday life that one need not go out looking for them.  Those who sought such things just did not understand what an adventure was and often mistook them for life as usual.  
The Lady welcomed them warmly and seemed amused, when they had expected her to be honored by their very presence within her city, especially when she seemed no older than they!  They were given comfortable, if not quite as exquisite of quarters as they might have wished.  They were welcome to attend classes, roam the city, explore the library, and ask what questions they might of whomever they pleased.  Quite content in this freedom, they undertook their search for the divine with great enthusiasm, for no one in this quaint city could possibly carry rumor back to Seledon of what it was they were about in this strange place.  Only when they were completely free of the terrible thought that they might be embarrassing themselves, were they able to begin to allow themselves to understand what it was they had come in search of.  Sehra became their guide and shepherd in their studies, a task she both enjoyed and feared.  Who was she to lead others in search of the Master?  She laughed as she remembered that every man ought to tell his neighbor that which was most important to himself, if a man knew the village well was poisoned, was it not his responsibility to tell others lest they die?  Was not the fate of one’s soul worth far more than life itself?  Thus their responsibility was even greater!
After several weeks of such inquiry, the princess was growing restless.  She had come hoping to fill the gap in her soul but found that she must allow herself to be changed in order to fill the void, but she was rather reluctant to undergo such an ordeal simply in the hope that she might find what she sought.  She wanted to remain as she was but also to live a radically changed life, but the former was not conducive to the latter.  She spent more and more time wandering the city in search of distraction, and as the days passed, lost interest in such things completely.  She was quite pleased the day she met Edgar, a shifty man who offered very much in the way of distraction.  The princess had ever been fond of animals, and Edgar promised to take her in search of a very rare but quite intriguing beast, that she was certain would make an enviable addition to her father’s menagerie and thus her own reputation.  More importantly, it was an adventure and it would get her away from Astoria and its disturbing ideals.  
Sehra would not hear of her going alone, neither would the guards that had accompanied them.  Sehra said, “you are certain you must do this thing?”  
The princess laughed like a silly girl, “of course!  I must have an adventure before the tedium of this place rots my mind to dust.”  
Sehra sighed, “but you hardly know this man!  How can you be sure he is not leading you into danger?  The country for which he is bound is wild and uninhabited by men.”  
The girl said, “that is why we must hunt the Starbok thence; they do not frequent civilized lands.”  
“Then I am coming with you,” said Sehra.  
The princess said, “it will be agreeable to have another woman on this journey.  The Captain has already informed me that he will be accompanying me as well.  We leave tomorrow, early.”  Sehra nodded reluctantly and left to inform the Lady and begin packing.
Edgar did not seem happy to have the guards and another woman along (Sehra did not reveal her allegiance to the Brethren) but could not gainsay his royal guest.  The party set off, Edgar and the lady in high spirits, and all the rest dreading the dangers of those wild lands and distrusting their guide.  The Lady had agreed wholeheartedly to Sehra accompanying the girl and only wished they could somehow change her mind, but a disappointing and uncomfortable chase would teach her the harshness of reality all too soon.  The ladies that had come with the princess from Seledon chose to remain in Astoria, unwilling to endure such an adventure.  The days passed and as they moved further from the lands of men, their pace slowed to barely a crawl.  The bugs alone were enough to make everyone miserable, but the princess and their guide were intent on this ill-fated plot.  
Sehra had tried to speak with Edgar, but there was something he did not like about the girl so he spoke to her only in grunts and unintelligible phrases.  Eventually she gave up her attempts at conversation and sufficed herself with speaking to the captain, the guards, and the princess.  As they rode, Edgar regaled the princess with tales out of the far north, where all manner of strange and exotic beasts were said to roam.  She would not be content unless she went home with a specimen of each; finally, she felt she had found her purpose in life.  The excitement and anticipation were intoxicating.  Sehra shook her head sadly, she knew the exhilaration of the novel would soon fade, and the princess would again be searching for the next thrill in hopes of instilling meaning in her life, little knowing that what she really needed was a peace only the Master could give.
Sehra never really trusted their guide and her doubts were well justified on a dreadful afternoon in the heat of the day with no wind and the air humid enough to suit a fish.  The party was slogging through yet another fen and trying desperately to ward off a horde of bloodsucking insects when a much more deadly assault fell upon them.  Bowstrings sang in the sweltering heat and the guards fell with arrows in their chests.  The captain lay in the mire, stained red with his blood, and in a desperate and agonized voice cried, “run princess!”  
Edgar slipped out of his saddle with sword drawn and a terrible smile upon his face.  He approached the dying captain; Sehra wanted to stay and defend the man, but he was certainly beyond help and she was all that remained to protect the princess.  They turned their mounts and made to flee the carnage, but were stayed in their flight by a half dozen sinister looking men that had ridden up behind them in the chaos.  The leader scanned the ruin and then smiled at Edgar and the half dozen bowmen that crept out of the surrounding shrubbery.  He said, “well done, all of you.”  He then turned to Edgar and asked, “you did bring me this princess you promised, yes?”  
Edgar smiled eagerly, “most certainly, my lord.  An authentic princess of Seledon.”  
The man turned to the two women and said, “and which of you calls herself by that name?”  
The princess glowered at her captor, “my father will never stand for this!  He will not bargain for my life.  Your hope is vain.”
The man laughed, “for your sake, you had best hope you are wrong else your life shall certainly be forfeit.  Your father may change his mind when he sees his daughter’s peril.  Many brave words can be spoken on a sunny and peaceful day when all is as it should be, but the true test comes when things go awry and there only darkness shrouds the horizon.  We shall see.  We ride for Seledon immediately and if you wish to survive the journey, you will not cause problems or try to escape.  Understood?”  The girl nodded grimly.  He smiled and said, “excellent, now what of your companion?  Is she also of some noble lineage?”  
Sehra said, “I am simply her companion on this mad adventure and will buy her life with mine.”  
The man laughed coldly, “you cannot give your life when it is not yours to sell.  I have no use for you and have no room in this party for nonessential guests.”  He motioned significantly to Edgar, whose sword was red with the blood of his previous victim, an evil leer graced his face as he approached Sehra.  Sehra’s mount laid his ears back and backed away from the evil man, but his retreat was stayed by the rest of the bandits.  
“Wait!” came a desperate voice from the crowd of bandits.  
“What is it?” glared the bandit king at the man who dared interrupt the murder.  
“Why kill her?” asked the man, stepping forth.  
“Why not?” glowered the bandit king, “I do not have time or energy to spare if she makes trouble.”  
“The princess may be more amenable to your schemes if you spare the life of her friend,” said the newcomer, “it cannot be an easy thing for her to be the only woman in such a sordid company.”  
The princess nodded eagerly at the suggestion and an evil smile played across the bandit king’s lips.  “Very well,” said he, “I shall spare the girl but she shall be your responsibility.  If either of them makes trouble, it shall be your life along with theirs.  Are you willing to take such a risk?  I never thought you the squeamish sort?”  
The other man nodded grimly, “I will assume the risk to spare the girl.  It is not squeamishness but disgust at such a waste of life.”  
The bandits roared with laughter and the leader said, “then you are truly in the wrong profession!  You are mad to assume such a risk, but I have decided upon a way to make this little chore of yours a source of amusement for the men as we travel to Seledon.”  
The man eyed him skeptically, “and what might that be?”  
The bandit laughed, “why, if the wench is that dear to you that you are willing to risk your life to save hers, I think we had best make it official.”  
“Make what official?” asked the perplexed man.  
The bandit laughed darkly, “you are going to marry the girl or I will let Edgar make an end of her.  She is of no value as a prisoner so she must become a useful member of this bandit gang, and I will only allow that if she is fool enough to marry you.  I would rather let Edgar kill me if I were she!”  
“This makes no sense!” protested the man.  
The bandit king laughed, “what has sense got to do with anything?  I find the whole situation amusing; I can do whatever I want and you must abide by my decisions or I will let Edgar have his way with you.  Well?”  
The man sighed, “may I speak with the girl?”  
The bandit laughed, “what ever for?”  
The man said, “I am agreeable to this only if she is.  The decision must be hers.”  
The bandit laughed and said, “suit yourself, you are far too honorable to ride with the likes of us!”  He and the rest of his men withdrew a short distance and their hooted laughter filled the stifling air.
Sehra said, “you cannot do this!”  
Bard said quietly, “I know this has not been sanctioned by the Lady, but I am sure she will understand if we come through this alive, then we can deal with the repercussions of my rash decision.  It is the only way I know to keep both of you alive!”  
Sehra said, “I just cannot allow you to make such a sacrifice for me!”  
Bard laughed grimly, “we may not live long enough to regret it, but I shall certainly make the effort if it will spare your life.  Will you have me?”  
Sehra sighed, “my duty is to keep the princess safe and to do that, I must continue to abide among the living.  It shall be as it must though I can never repay your kindness to me.”  
Bard smiled sadly, “it is an honor as well as my duty.”  
He turned from his betrothed, approached the smiling bandit king, and said, “it will be as you wish it.  Spare the girl.”  
The bandits laughed and made many terrible comments about Bard’s impending marital doom.  They could not understand what had gotten into the man, but were willing to enjoy his strange predicament to the fullest.  Whoever heard of a selfless bandit?  Bard hoped this charade would soon be at an end.  He had been sent to infiltrate the bandit gang and see if he could make an end of them; he had never anticipated such an outcome!  “Now,” said the far too cheerful bandit king, “we had best get this done with before one or the other changes their mind.  The more I think about it, the more entertaining this is going to be, and it would be a shame to ruin it all because someone came to their senses.  Now I could officiate but that might not be binding enough, being the scoundrel that I am.  Does anyone have any better ideas?”
One of the other bandits said, “we was in a village the other day and there was some fool blathering on about the Master and all that.  I think it was one of them Brethren.  I am sure he could make a good job of it.”  
The bandit king smiled, “excellent.  I personally do not care much about theology but perhaps bringing the Master into the mix might just make it all that more official.  Go find your friend and we will have a wedding no one will soon forget.”  Four of the bandits found their horses and were soon off in search of the errant storyteller.  The rest made their way back to more solid ground where they made camp and escaped the heat and bugs as best they could.  The men eventually returned with their captive storyteller, who turned out to be Quinn.  Both men did their best to hide their surprise upon recognizing the other and none were the wiser that they knew one another.  
“You want me to what?” gasped Quinn upon hearing the demands of the bandit king, “You cannot be serious?”  
The bandit smiled and said, “oh I am serious all right, dead serious.  These two will most certainly be dead if you do not do your part.  Will you do it or not?  They both seem agreeable, if insane.  Well?”  
Quinn sighed, “it is highly irregular but in the immediate circumstances I can see no other choice.  Is there no one else to whom this duty might fall?”  The bandit king’s smirk was answer enough.  Soon enough the ceremony was completed to the astonishment of all.  Quinn was even more surprised to find Edgar’s sword buried in his chest.  He fell and gasped, “why?”  
The bandit king said, “nothing personal, we just cannot have you running off to fetch help.”
Quinn’s eyes stared blankly and it was all Bard could do to keep the tears from overwhelming his own.  Sehra wept openly and the princess stared in horror.  “Now,” said the bandit king, “we had best be moving on.”  
As they were mounting up, he addressed Sehra, “now that you are officially a member of my little band, if only by default, I expect you to listen to orders and be useful.  Your first official assignment will be to keep our beloved princess out of trouble.  Any mischief on her part and all three of your lives are forfeit, understood?”  Sehra nodded glumly but accepted her sword back from the scoundrel who stood beside her.  They wasted no time in mounting and were soon riding towards Seledon.  Quinn was left for the scavengers; Bard felt as if he had left half his heart back in the clearing with his friend.  Sehra was still trying to comprehend what had just happened.  
The last of the horses had long ago vanished from sight when Pip finally crept from hiding.  He was not sure what had astonished him more: Quinn’s death or the strange arrangement between Bard and Sehra.  He sighed as he looked upon at his fallen friend.  He looked back into the undergrowth and motioned for his apprentice to join him in the open.  The boy was wide-eyed as he surveyed the corpse but said nothing for a time, then asked, “are we not going to pursue them?”  
Pip shook his head, “we know their destination and will arrive well before they do to alert the king.  It will be up to Bard and Sehra to protect the princess.  How much more innocent blood must be spilled before these criminals are dealt with?”  Kirin nodded grimly.  They buried their friend and then rode hard for Seledon.


Chapter 10

It was a long and terrible journey for the three strangers among the bandits.  The ladies kept well away from the men, Bard spent most of his time making sure the men kept away from the ladies.  They feared their leader too much to trifle with the princess and found Bard’s situation so amusing that they stayed away from his bride.  They hassled him viciously about his inability to take advantage of the one perk of his husbandly position.  Why saddle yourself with a woman if you did not take advantage of the situation?  Bard simply smiled and said, “you think I would dream of doing anything like that with the lot of you looking on?  I think not.  Let us be done with this strange errand and then we shall see.”  This of course made them laugh all the more.  The bandit king was quite pleased with how well the girls were behaving and decided it had been a wise thing to spare the girl.  The distraction it provided his men was also invaluable and greatly eased the tedium of travel.  The princess was quite confused and horrified by what had come to pass but grateful to have a companion among the seedy company.  
They camped not far from the borders of Seledon, but not so close that a wandering patrol might stumble upon them.  The bandit king drew Bard aside and said, “now, you had best ride into the city and see what the King will give for the life of his precious daughter.  Do nothing crazy or both of the girls will meet a swift and unpleasant end.”  Bard nodded grimly and rode off towards the capital.  The bandits settled in to wait, occasionally throwing eager glances towards the women.
Bard rode up to the castle gates and the guards eyed him suspiciously.  He certainly looked a right villain in his travel-stained garb.  “Be gone fool,” said one of the guards, “we do not like your kind here.”  
Bard said patiently, “I represent a group of scoundrels who hold the King’s youngest daughter captive.  They wish to bargain for her life.”  The guards exchanged a surprised and horrified look, but a man was sent running to inform the king.  
The guard spoke again, “you had best not be lying.  Such a trick could get you a swift execution.”  
Bard said grimly, “this is no joke.  These men are dangerous and are certainly not playing games.”  
Soon enough, the man returned and passed along the King’s orders to the guards.  Bard was disarmed and surrounded by a dozen guards before being allowed into the castle.  He bore it all with a patient amusement though he was anxious to leave the ladies alone with such scoundrels for very long.  The procession made their way into the hall where the king sat, everyone they passed stared with surprise and no little concern; who was this scoundrel that he might stand before the king?  The King sat upon his throne looking amused rather than fearful for his daughter or angry that someone would dare trifle with his family.  “You are come at last then,” said the King jovially.  
Bard made an appropriate bow, which seemed to surprise everyone present and said, “come at last Majesty?”  
“Yes,” laughed the King, “I have been anticipating your coming for no little time.  You are actually a bit late.”  
Bard was rather confused but said, “I apologize for my tardiness Highness.  If you know the reason for my errand, why then can glee dwell within your heart?”  
The King smiled with a hint of joyful malice, “because your scheme has failed, your fellows are dead, and my daughter will soon be safe.  All that remains is to see that the last survivor of this disreputable band is given a public execution to show the world that such crimes will not be tolerated in Seledon!”  Bard could not keep from smiling, which confused everyone even more than his bow.  The King asked in a rather confused tone, “how is it you smile when I have just told you that your life is forfeit?”  
Bard said, “Majesty, I rejoice that your daughter is safe and the days of these reprobates are ended that they may wreak no more terror upon their fellow men.  Thus also is ended my own captivity within their ranks.  How was this feat accomplished?”  
Still not understanding, the King said, “one of the Brethren came to me with word of your coming and I sent my best archers with him to trap the renegades when they came.  You must have left only moments before the trap was sprung but you have not escaped justice.  Soon enough all the bandits shall be dead.”
A new voice spoke, “all but one Majesty.”  All eyes turned upon Pip and those accompanying him, including the Princess and Sehra.  
The Princess was weeping with joy and relief as she ran to her father and threw herself into his arms.  After a lengthy hug, he released the girl and addressed Pip, “what do you mean by that?  I have the only survivor of these renegades within my clutches do I not?”  
Pip looked a little contrite, “one is fled Highness.  Your archers easily killed all the others but one man slipped from his saddle at the last moment, saw his comrades fall, and then grabbed your daughter that she might shield him from death.  I had to choose between letting the scoundrel go or having him slit your daughter’s throat.  I let him go with a promise that I and those men with me would not give chase.  By that promise I am bound.”
The king looked irked, “I want all these madmen dead!  You did what you had to but how is the rogue to be caught?”  
“I can pursue him,” said Bard.  
“You!” scoffed the King, “Dead men cannot pursue the living.  You will face justice with all the rest of your nefarious friends.”  
Pip looked at first concerned and then highly amused as he remembered why his friend might be in such a position: the King thought him another bandit!  Pip said, “you need not threaten the man any further Majesty, and if you want the scoundrel caught, there is no better man to give chase.”  
The King looked askance at Pip and said, “and why are you so willing to trust this criminal?”  
Pip laughed, “he is no criminal Majesty, but a dear friend and a comrade in arms placed by the Lady within the band of renegades that he might bring about their downfall from within and this has been achieved.  It is also he that has made sure your daughter and her friend came to no more harm than that which they endured.”
The King stared at Bard as if at some creature that had suddenly changed forms, saying, “if he speaks thus, it must be true, but what if I had not believed him and carried out my threats of justice?  Why did you not tell me who you were?”  
Bard bowed and laughed heartily, “would you have believed me Majesty?  Besides, it was of no import for the moment.  Now if I am free of your justice, I must make haste after the renegade before he gains too much of a lead and is lost to us.”  
Pip said, “you will not lose him that easily.  I said I would not pursue and neither would the other men in my charge but that did not prevent my mount from following.  He will gladly lead you to the scoundrel.  May the Master ride with you.”  
Bard said farewell to Pip, the King, and the ladies before he hastened out of the palace in pursuit of the fled Edgar.  Before he left, he said quietly to Sehra, “I know this whole adventure has been a disaster.  I suggest you ride back to Astoria immediately and inform the Lady of our strange predicament.  She and you must decide what the future holds between us.”  
Sehra smiled shyly and said, “I thank you for all you have done for both of us.  It shall be as you say.  May the Master ride with you.”  
Pip said to the retreating Bard, “Kirin and I shall accompany Sehra home.”  
The Princess chimed in, “and so shall I, I fear I have much yet to learn about life and what it means.  Farewell!”  Bard smiled and left in pursuit of his fled quarry.
Pip’s unicorn had kept a close watch on the scoundrel and it did not take Bard long to reach the place where the astonished creature waited for them.  He had followed the man as far as he could and then some great surprise had nearly overwhelmed him, though he was unable to pass on exactly what had happened.  They reached the place where the man had suddenly vanished.  The trail was quite obvious to one experienced in tracking.  The tracks topped a ridge that overlooked the entire valley below and suddenly they were gone.  Finally, the unicorns were able to convey what had happened.  A Black Dragon had stooped upon the man and his horse like a hawk upon a mouse and carried both bodily away.  There would be no following the man, for who can track a bird on the wing?  The man’s fate was not a pleasant one, as black dragons were not known to be merciful killers.  It would be a small mercy if the man had died when the creature snapped up horse and rider.  His duty done, Pip’s mount ran back to find his master; Bard and his mount followed.

Edgar had thought himself well away from his would-be captors.  He smirked, knowing the fool calling himself one of the Brethren was bound by his word not to follow.  He was well and truly free!  Now all he had to do was get away before the King commanded a search for the fugitive.  He pushed his tiring horse as hard as he dared, speed was of the utmost importance but killing the poor beast to gain a few miles would avail him nothing.  He topped a stony ridge and suddenly the world was dark and turned on its head.  A great shadow blotted out the sun and a cruel shriek rent the summer air but was drowned out by the screaming horse.  Terrible claws sunk deep into the wretched beast and his torment was ended, but Edgar’s was only begun.  The dragon clutched his prey firmly in his hind claws and winged his way home.  He would feast upon the horse and devise some terrible torment for the wretched human that writhed within his grasp.  
The creature flew on for hours and Edgar blacked out from a mixture of fear, pain, and exhaustion.  When he awoke, the world was utterly dark and his muscles complained bitterly.  He had sustained a few scratches from the beast’s claws but otherwise seemed unharmed.  He found his wrists cruelly bound behind his back and some sort of collar or rope around his neck with a veritable leash that secured him to the rocky wall of some cavern.  With a struggle, he rose to his feet, which were bare; his weapons and boots were gone.  A faint light emanated from the cave mouth, reminiscent of moonlight.  His eyes adjusted to the dark and he found a water bucket and a dish of raw meat that could only be horseflesh.  
“So my precious little pet is awake is he?” thundered the great draconian voice.  
“Why have you done this to me?” growled Edgar in a mix of terror and wrath.  
The creature laughed and turned his cruel eyes upon his pathetic captive, “why to amuse myself.  Why else do anything?”  
“Why not kill me and be done with it?” cringed Edgar, already knowing the answer.  
The creature smiled maliciously, “what is the fun in that?  A lingering death is always better than a swift one, or at least more amusing.  A wretched life is even more entertaining than a horrible death.  I have stripped you of your dignity, your freedom, your purpose, and all else that makes you even remotely human!  You shall leave as a beast, totally dependent on me for your survival.  I shall watch and savor each moment as your humanity and sanity abandon you until you are become the beast I shall treat you as.  Then I shall loose you again upon the world, a ruined and wretched creature.”  Edgar’s faced was etched with horror, he said nothing, and withdrew to the farthest corner his fetters would allow.  He could not imagine a worse fate.  The creature’s horrid laughter followed him into the depths of the cave.  Having eaten, the thing was content with a nap that might well last him a month or more but he was ever watchful, even in his sleep, lest his pet get up to some mischief.  Edgar sat in the dark and wept.
The first feeble rays of morning were eking their way into the dismal cave when the wretched Edgar made his way to the water bucket for a much needed drink.  The monster snored contentedly nearby.  Edgar gazed at the murky surface of the water as it suddenly became dark as night.  Two fiery specks blazed in the darkened water and a voice without audible words spoke into Edgar’s mind, “what is it you seek, oh wretched and pathetic mortal?”  
Edgar did not dare speak but thought at the voice in his head, “freedom from this terrible fate!”  
The voice laughed coldly, “and why should I aid you?”  
Edgar’s mind nearly screamed in desperation, “I know not who or what you are but anything is better than this.  Free me, and I shall do whatever you ask.”  
“Excellent,” said the darkness, “I will have you for my servant and give you powers beyond mortal dreaming.”  
“Who are you?” asked the petrified man.  
“I think you know very well,” sneered the darkness, “the first thing you must learn is not to question me.  I am your master and you will do as you are told or you shall face a worse fate than that which the beast intends.  Understood?”  Edgar nodded.  The voice said, “good.  Now usually these things must be sealed with innocent blood, but you needlessly spilled the blood of one of those miserable servants of my enemy and I think that shall suffice for the moment.  Swear yourself body and soul to me and I will grant you power enough to escape the monster.  Do you agree?”
Edgar nodded in terror.  The darkness seemed to grin, “very well.  It is done.  You now have the ability to put any human not sworn to the Master into a deep and wakeless sleep.  It is not as effective on such monsters as this, but at least it will charm him enough to allow you to escape without rousing him.”  
Edgar whimpered in his mind, “what about my bonds?”  
The voice sneered, “fool!  You have a knife secreted about your person.  Use that.  I will not have such a trembling idiot for a servant.  Grow a backbone else I shall leave you where you are, forever!”  
Edgar grimaced, remembering his hidden blade and awkwardly went about trying to free himself without cutting off fingers.  Finally, he was free and somehow knew how to cast a deeper sleep upon the slumbering beast.  He escaped out of the cave like a mouse scurrying across the kitchen when the mistress of the house is about.  The dragon awoke some three months later and was furious to have lost the object of his torment but soon lost interest and turned his mind to other schemes.  

Bard arrived back in Seledon not long after the others had left and had no difficulty in overtaking them, as the princess rode a normal horse and the others kept apace.  He quickly told his tale and the others grimaced at the fate they thought had befallen their foe.  No one would wish that upon anyone, no matter how evil the person might be.  Kirin, Pip, and Bard did most of the scouting, hunting, and kept watch as they journeyed.  Sehra would have gladly joined in the various duties that attend such a journey but the Princess was ravenous for information after her misadventure and kept Sehra quite busy just answering her myriad questions.  The girl could not comprehend the Brethren’s willingness to sacrifice not only their lives but also their freedom for the sake of others.  She could hardly live with such passion, how could they die with equal willingness?  The men watched in some amusement and much sympathy as the girl kept Sehra talking from sunup until well after dark.  Sehra was delighted when they finally reached Astoria.  She was glad to enlighten the girl, but she was growing weary of her incessant demands.  Nothing was said of the strange relationship that now existed between Bard and Sehra; nothing could be done about it until the Lady had had her say in the matter.  
Once their mounts and luggage had been seen to, the Lady saw the travelers immediately.  She welcomed all of them home, mourned with them in the loss of Quinn, and was happy to have the threat of the scoundrels behind them.  She then dismissed Pip and Kirin and faced Sehra, Bard, and the princess.  They had told the strange tale and now they would learn its outcome.  The Lady said, “this is certainly an odd way to go about things but you did what you had to at the time.  I know you both know that this would be anathema under ordinary circumstances, for you need my blessing for such things, but you have both acted rightly in a time of dire need so there is no need for a reprimand, however the question is whether such an act is binding?  You both committed to this arrangement with full knowledge and a willing heart?”  
Both of them nodded and said, “yes Lady.”  
The Lady nodded grimly, “I can see no reason why this union should be annulled.  You both made a commitment to the Master and each other no matter the circumstances that brought it about.  I could no more dissolve this union than I could draw back the sword that felled Quinn.  If you had offered your lives in exchange for another’s I could not restore you to life neither can I loose you from your vows.  You must decide between the two of you what this relationship shall be like, but your union shall be treated as any other among the Brethren no matter the circumstances that brought it about.  You may be as close or as distant to one another as you please, but you shall not marry another while the other lives.  Any questions?”
The pair shook their heads and said, “no Lady.”  
Bard was not quite sure what he had expected but he was not surprised by the Lady’s ruling.  It now remained to see what Sehra would make of their relationship.  The princess had been silent through the whole proceeding but now felt inclined to speak out on Sehra’s behalf, “how can that be your decision?  All you have to do is say that it is over and it is over.  Why not let them each go on with their lives as before?”  
The Lady smiled sadly and said, “they knew the cost to themselves when they agreed to this strange union.  They were willing to abide by their vows to save your life and I think it a fair trade.  They have made a promise to one another and the Master.  Who am I to encroach upon that?  Neither should you question it.  They know their duty and will abide by it.  It seems you have something yet to learn of our peculiar way of thinking.”  
The three bowed from the Lady’s presence and the princess ran off with tears of frustration in her eyes.  Sehra looked to her now official husband with a question in her eyes and he smiled warmly and nodded, “you need to talk with her.  I will be around somewhere when you have time for other matters.”  She smiled her thanks and vanished after the distraught girl.  Pip appeared from somewhere and joined his old friend as he made his way to the dining hall for supper.  
“Well?” asked Pip.
“Well what?” smiled Bard.  
“What happened?” asked Pip in near desperation.  
Bard laughed, “nothing.  I am still a married man, though at least now we know it is official.”  
Pip laughed, “I cannot think of an odder ending to this story!  I wish you both joy but am glad I am not in your position.”  
Sehra joined the pair later at the evening meal, once the princess had been partially calmed; she was still confused and quite distressed over Sehra’s ‘dire’ fate on her behalf.  It had taken some time to convince her that it was not so terrible a fate nor of the girl’s making.  Pip smiled broadly at Sehra as she took a seat across from him and said, “I hear I am to officially congratulate you both.”  
Sehra smiled, “so it seems, though it is all very surreal at the moment.  Perhaps in a century I shall adjust?”  
Bard laughed, “there is sometimes no getting used to certain things, but hopefully I am not one of them.  So what shall we make of our odd predicament?  Shall we merely be friends or are you truly wishing for a husband such as I?”  
Sehra said, “we had best make a go of it, for that is what we are whether we wish it or not.  We cannot go back to being merely friends.  I am your wife and you must treat me as such.”  
Bard smiled gently, bowed his head, and said, “my honor and my duty, fair lady.”  Sehra laughed warmly.  Pip rolled his eyes, not quite believing that two such warriors could behave in so mushy a fashion.  They finished their meal and retreated to the privacy of their chambers to discuss just what it meant to now officially share a life.


Chapter 11

And share a life they did, though they were often apart on some mission or other for the Lady.  Finally, a day came when the Lady gave them a mission together; Pip was also sent with the pair to investigate the strange raids happening on the Northern Frontier.  Pip was delighted to travel again with Bard but felt a bit awkward to travel with Bard and his wife.  Bard smiled reassuringly while Sehra seemed vastly amused.  He had feared he would be the third leg on the stork but his friends made sure that that was never the case.  “What exactly are we supposed to be doing?” asked Pip of the others as they rode out of the city.  
Bard smiled, “the Lady was very ambiguous, I think because she knows so little herself.  There are rumors of some dark terror that attacks merchant caravans, inns, and even entire villages in that little inhabited part of the world; it seems the more remote the better.  Complete devastation is wrought and no one knows exactly who or what is the cause.  We are to discover the cause and see if we can put an end to it.”  
Pip sighed, “I hate these foggy quests.  I would rather know who my enemy is and how to handle him rather than ride into some random part of the world and put my foot into something that I do not understand.”
Bard laughed, “I am sorry to hear you are switching to the Warrior sect then.”  
Pip blushed, “I did not mean it that way.  I suppose I had best quit complaining else the Lady might see to just such a change.  I do like the variety of quests among the Messengers but sometimes it would be nice to know what we had gotten ourselves into before the end of the adventure.”  
Sehra laughed, “I think all of life is very much of the same pattern.  Who knows what the point of our lives or even the path of it should be until we look back from the other side?”
They rode on and very much enjoyed the camaraderie as they pressed ever north and west.  It was not a common occurrence that the Brethren ever traveled together but when they did, they very much enjoyed the company of their friends.  As they neared their destination, they began to inquire of those they met of anything they might know of this dark terror that was plaguing the region.  “A black dragon I am sure,” said one old man with no teeth, “what else could wreak such utter destruction and leave no trace?”  
“A swarm of griffins,” said a young woman, “would it not be romantic to think of a swarm of griffins…at least as long as you are not in their path?”  
“Spontaneous combustion,” said a middle-aged man, “though it seems rather odd that it would occur so much in one area.”  
“Nothing!” said a young man with an impetuous sneer, “It is all a great hoax contrived by some bored old women in a village somewhere.”  
The Brethren were perplexed by the variety of explanations and finally quit asking for causes and began asking if anyone knew of or had seen firsthand such devastation.  “My uncle went missing a month ago,” said one muddled young man, “though he tends to do that from time to time.”  
A flighty young woman said, “I talked to a merchant who knew of a miner who talked with a farmer whose uncle suddenly vanished without a trace along with his entire farm.  They say the earth just swallowed him up, buildings and all.”  The more they asked the worse the tales became.  They were sure that something strange was going on, else all the rumors would not be so widespread or fantastical; the question was what exactly was going on and how many people had been thus affected?
They decided to find some far flung part of the Frontier, and see if they could find either some evidence or a witness of such a disaster.  They rode until they came to what most people would consider the far side of forever.  The little inn jutted up against the foothills of the Western Mountains and nothing but wilderness marched for uncounted miles northward.  The little inn survived as a meeting place for miners, hunters, outlaws, and the few intrepid farmers who made their living in such a place.  The Brethren took a room and tried to ask questions of the locals but to no avail.  The type of people found in such a place were not inclined to be chatty with strangers.  After a futile evening, they retired to bed.  In the middle of the night, they awoke to the screams of terrified horses and the shouts of startled men; they had found their disaster.  
The inn was on fire, the corridor was blocked with flames and smoke, and they had no choice but to flee out the windows.  Perhaps it would have been safer to remain in the burning inn.  Bard emerged first, only to take an arrow in the chest.  Pip saw his friend fall and hopped out of the window ready for trouble.  He exchanged a few sword strokes with a man dressed all in black before another scored him across the flank and hit him upside the head with his sword hilt.  Sehra saw the men fall and did not wish to risk such a fate herself, but the inn would soon be engulfed by the inferno thus she must take her chances with whomever had attacked the inn.  She leapt out the window, tucked herself, and rolled away from the inn.  For a moment, she thought she had escaped but a heavy blow removed all doubt of that as darkness took her.
The pale grey of dawn was gradually making its presence known when Sehra came to herself.  She found herself bound, gagged, and lying in the back of a moving wagon bed.  She was surrounded by the dead and dying.  The wagon was full of former inn patrons and even the innkeeper himself.  All were unconscious, injured, or dead.  Suddenly the wagon jolted to a stop and the canvas covering was pulled aside.  The prisoners found themselves in the courtyard of a small fortress.  Severe looking men in dark uniforms were watching on the walls or making their way towards the newly arrived wagons.  Without a word, they carried the prone forms of their living prisoners into the depths of the castle; the dead were carelessly laid aside in one corner of the courtyard.  
One of the soldiers grabbed Sehra by the arm and silently marched her in the door into which the others were being carried but turned down a side corridor and opened a small door into a tiny chamber.  A woman in her middle years looked up from a table full of ointments, dressings, and bottles containing various unknown substances.  Sehra recognized the place immediately as an apothecary and knew the woman to be a healer.  The guard said, “see if you can find some use for this wench, else the men will be more than happy to find a purpose for her.”  The woman said nothing but bowed her head in acquiescence; the soldier thrust Sehra towards the woman and left the room.  
The woman looked the girl over and sighed, “I see you are a prisoner here just as I am.  Have you any skill at healing or herbs?”
Sehra said, “what is this place and who are you?”  
The woman said gruffly, “if you wish to survive you will only speak when spoken to and answer questions immediately.”  
The girl said, “I once dabbled in various herbs and cures; I have some skill in that particular craft.”  
“Excellent,” said the woman, “I need more help around here.  There is far too much for me to do alone.  Now as to what passes in this place, I shall tell you what I can.  This fortress is ruled by a man who goes about in dark armor and calls himself the Black Knight; he is building an army of sorts and uses dark powers to coerce men into his service.”  
Sehra looked confused, “why then did he attack the inn last night and why target merchant caravans and villages?”  
The woman said, “he is looking for men and he finds them where he can.  His minions fall upon an unsuspecting gathering of people and severely injure all that they can.”  
Sehra said, “how does that further his plans?  What can so many wounded hostages accomplish?”  
The healer said, “that is the terrible beauty of the scheme.  The men are brought here on the brink of death.  They are given the chance to have their wounds miraculously healed and their lives saved, but they must then dedicate their lives in service to the Knight.  If they refuse, they are left to die of their wounds.”  
Sehra shuddered at the thought and said, “and how are these miraculous healings accomplished?”  
The healer smiled coldly, “why the power of the Nameless One of course!  He has granted me the ability to heal those I will; you will also acquire this power.”
Sehra asked, “and to what end does the Black Knight aspire with his ill-gotten army?”  
The healer laughed grimly, “why to build a dark army with which to conquer the known world.”  
“Why cooperate with his schemes?” asked the horrified Sehra.  
The woman sighed, “my life would be forfeit and my powers would be lost, did I not do as I was told.  The power is intoxicating and not easily given up.  You will understand one day.”  Sehra shuddered, she already did.

Bard groaned as consciousness returned.  His side was an agony of pain and he wished for the return of the blissful dark.  Sehra was at his side immediately; she looked weary with fear, worry, and pain.  She mopped his brow with a wet rag; he was already hot to the touch.  The sight of his wife brought joy enough to momentarily bury the pain.  He shifted and fire lanced through his injured ribs.  He found himself bound securely to the makeshift bed upon which he lay.  He said weakly, “what happened?”  Sehra quickly recounted what she knew of the villainous plot and her own part in it.  For now, she was acting as a nurse to the injured men who had yet to regain consciousness.  Those that woke were offered a chance at life; if they refused, they were carried off and never seen again.  Some died without ever waking and vanished in a similar fashion.  Bard asked, “what of Pip?”  
Sehra said, “he took a vicious blow to the head and has yet to waken.  He has a slash across his flank but it is not deep and should heal with time.  He is in a far better state than you.”  Briefly, she drew back the blanket to reveal an angry wound where the arrow had buried itself in his ribs.  
He nodded grimly, “how long do I have?”  
Sehra said sadly, “perhaps days, before the wound fever takes you, but the Healer will confront you before then and what fate awaits those who refuse, I know not.”  
He smiled at her gently, “I am sorry to make you a widow.”  
She smiled grimly, “and who is to say that either of us will survive?”  He laughed in spite of the pain and wished that he had not.  The Healer saw her patient was awake and hastened to confront him.  She shooed the girl away and sat beside the dying man.
“You are dying,” said she.  
“I know,” said he.  
She looked at him curiously, “you are not afraid?”  
Bard tried very hard not to laugh, “everyone must die someday.  Why should I be afraid?”  
The woman smiled coldly, “my dear apprentice has filled your head with this nonsense about her beloved Master I see.  She has been more of a hindrance than a help.  Many of the men she has thus spoken with have refused my offer of life anew and choose to die in hopes the Master might show some mercy.  Bah!”  
Bard smiled, “why then do you let the girl continue in her duties?”  
The woman gave him a sharp look, “you are strangely curious for a dying man.  She is a help to me and perhaps some part of me is not wholly given over to the Black Knight’s schemes, but we shall see how much my patience can bear.  Now what of you?  Would you like to live once more?  I can make it so.”  
Bard said, “and what will your miraculous cure cost me?”  
She said, “the Black Knight could use another faithful sword.  Give your life to him and I shall return yours to you.”  
Bard laughed and flinched with the pain, “you would have me lose my soul to save my life?  Interesting, but I must decline.”  
She scowled, “the girl has gotten to you as well I see.”  
Bard smiled, “she had no part in this.  I was firmly in the Master’s keeping long before we ever spoke.”  
“The Master, bah!” said the woman, “What has he that the Nameless One cannot offer?”  
Bard said, “love.”  
The woman laughed, “look around you fool!  What is there of love in the suffering of these men or in their deaths?  My master at least offers a chance at life.”  
Bard said quietly, “sometimes death is a kindness.  This is no life you live, enslaved as you are to the darkness.  It is better to face death and life ever afterwards than spend mortality eking out such a miserable existence and then face eternal darkness.”
The woman stared at him in wonder, “you would rather die than take a chance at life?”  
Bard smiled, “I have lived a good life and am eager to see what comes after.  I would not sell my soul for a few more days or years of this a wretched existence.”  
She scoffed, “you would die for stubbornness?”  
He said, “it is not stubbornness but complete trust in the Master.”  
She sneered, “the Master is but a myth, the Nameless One is the source of true power.  I have seen his wonders but only hear stories of your beloved Master.  I will sell my soul in exchange for power and a chance at living another day.”  
Bard said quietly, “you also sell the souls of those in your care into darkness for your miserable chance at life.”  
She looked angry at his bold statement and said, “very well, if it is death you seek, then death you shall have.  I hope your precious Master shows you some mercy and that you not die in vain.  But one thing is certain, you shall die slowly and in much agony.  Are you sure you wish for such an end?”  
Bard said firmly, “I would never wish such an end upon anyone but I will endure what I must for I will not abandon my calling.”  
She shook her head, “then your blood is on your own head.”  
She left him and went to fetch the guards, who stood outside the ward that held the dying men.  They unbound Bard and carried him away.  Sehra fought desperately to hold back the tears.  Bard was too weak to offer any resistance.
They carried the stricken man out into the drizzly, cold of the night and dropped him carelessly on a rickety wooden rack that held a half dozen dead or moribund men.  Their burden delivered, the guards returned to their post outside the door leading back into the ward.  They froze in terror as the Black Knight wandered into the courtyard.  He could not sleep much of late and was often to be found wandering about the keep at strange times of the night.  He glanced indifferently at the dead men upon the bier, but froze when he looked upon Bard.  He turned to the two guards, saying, “bring this man to my chambers.”  
They exchanged a confused look but hurriedly lifted the man from the decrepit framework and followed after the Knight as he returned to his own rooms.  He motioned for them to deposit the man on an obliging sofa in the sitting room and then told the men to wait outside the door.  They fled in relief and left the two alone.  Bard was in an agony of pain and fever but could not help being curious as to who the master of this whole strange business was.  “Bard?” said the Knight, removing his helmet.  
Bard gasped, “Edgar?”  
The evil man smiled in wonder, “how did you survive the wrath of the King of Seledon?”  
Bard asked, “how did you escape a black dragon?”  
Edgar frowned, “how do you know that?”  
Bard said, “I followed you when you fled.  My friend’s unicorn had followed you and saw what happened.”
The man scowled, “your friend?  Do not tell me you are one of those cursed Brethren?”  
Bard smiled, “it is the truth, though as requested I shall not tell you.”  
The man scoffed, “I should have known, who else would endure such a silly feat to save the life of a girl he did not know?  What did your precious Lady think of your little stunt?  She could not have been pleased, I am actually surprised you did not break Oath.”  
Bard smiled, “the Lady was quite content with the situation, especially since the woman in question was one of my comrades thus it was permissible, if uncanny.”  
The man sneered, “and what are you doing here?”  
Bard sighed, “making the poor woman a widow.”  
Edgar said, “but I can offer you a chance at life once more!”  
Bard scoffed, “and why would that interest me?”  
Edgar sneered, “I gained power enough to escape a dragon.  There is power enough to raise you from among the dead.”  
Bard laughed, “the Master has already once restored me to life and that after I was truly dead, not just dying as I am now.  And that did not cost me my soul!  Kill me if you must, but cease your attempts to turn me to your vile master.”  
Edgar sneered, “oh you will certainly die, but I will not grant you the mercy of a swift death.  Your wound will certainly kill you and you will die alone and without even the comfort of a roof to protect you from the rain.  I offered you a chance, but that is all you shall receive.  Farewell fool!”  He summoned the guards and they hauled him back out into the miserable night to die.

Sehra could hardly contain her tears as they carried her husband away, but she fought them valiantly.  The Healer saw her distress and herded her into a small alcove to reprimand the girl.  “What are you thinking?” said the woman, “You cannot become so attached to these fools!  They are all going to die, either from their wounds or in battles to come.  They are nothing but cattle.  If the Knight hears of your weakness, sympathy, or how you have been preaching to the dying of the merits of the Master, he will have your head on a pike!”  
Sehra said in shock, “you know what I am doing and yet allow it, why?”  
The woman said quietly, “perhaps some small part of me pities these wretched men or perhaps I merely pity you.  Either way, it must stop.  Why did this man’s end upset you so?”  
Sehra decided to risk everything and said, “he is my husband.”  
The woman’s eyes went wide, “your husband!  If I did not know better, I would think him one of those fools bound to the Master, but that cannot be because they do not marry outside their order.”  
Sehra smiled sadly, “and who is to say I am outside his order?”  
The woman gaped, “you are one of the Brethren?”  
The girl nodded, “yes, but once I was much like you: a dabbler in herbs and the dark arts.  I have tasted of such power but each taste left a bitter mark upon my soul.  I reneged the darkness and found something far sweeter and much more fulfilling.  The darkness only left me empty and thirsty for more, but the Master has filled me to overflowing.”  
The woman gaped, “you dabbled with such dark powers and yet the Master would take you?”  
Sehra smiled, “yes, and He will take you as well, if only you will let Him.”
The woman sighed, “I would wish it could be true but there is no escape from this terrible place save through death and that is a gate I am loath to pass; I fear an ending of being or that even worse exists beyond mortality.”  
Sehra said, “seek the Master and you have naught to fear.  You need not be sworn to the Brethren to seek and serve Him.”  
The woman said, “how can you trust him so when your husband shall certainly die?”  
Sehra said, “live or die, we are in the Master’s keeping.  I know not the Master’s plans or how any event may turn out.  All I know is that He has a plan and a will for everything and I must trust Him that all will turn out as it should, though perhaps not as I would wish it.  When all is finished, all shall be set to rights though there are many tears and sorrows in the interim, the morning is yet to come.”  
The woman shook her head, “I wish I had your faith.  Ever have I yearned for the unshakable peace that you seem to take for granted.  All the varied powers of the Evil One have done nothing to fill that void.  Perhaps your Master can?  Tell me more.”  The girl told the Healer quickly what she could, but soon they had to return to their duties among the stricken men lest the guards grow suspicious.

The coolness of the rain felt good on Bard’s face.  Fever wracked his body along with the pain in his side.  His mind began to wander in and out of consciousness and fever dreams.  Dawn was creeping back into the world as a pair of soldiers began loading the dead into a pony cart to take out of the castle and bury.  They finished with the other bodies on the wretched framework but paused when they came to the dying man.  “He ain’t dead,” said the short guard.  
The tall guard smirked, “he will be soon enough.  Toss him in the cart with the rest and let us be done with this grisly business.”  
They tossed Bard into the cart, climbed into the wagon seat, and drove out of the courtyard.  They stopped the cart and began digging a great trench in which to deposit their grim cargo.  They had finished the pit and began dragging the bodies into it, when a fierce scream of battle from an equine throat broke the silent day.  Bard’s mount had come for his master; the unicorn had been nearly wild with fear when the castle walls kept him from his beloved companion but no more.  He charged into the midst of the gravediggers in his full, unveiled glory and the two men cowered in abject terror, as if the Master Himself had fallen upon them.  Bard lay in the pit with the rest of the dead.  The jolting cart ride had not improved his quickly failing condition.  He was barely aware of anything but the pain and the delirium of the fever, but as long as he clung to life, the unicorn could aid his dying master.  He nuzzled the pallid face in farewell, collapsed, and suddenly vanished.
Bard sat up with a jolt; the guards looked on in pure terror at the man come back from the dead.  How could such a noble creature bestow such grace upon mortal man?  The short guard clutched at his sword and stuttered in terror, “you were dead.”  
Tears rolled down Bard’s cheeks in grief for his fallen friend and said quietly, “I was dying but not yet dead.  My friend traded his life for mine.”  
“Friend!” squeaked the tall guard, “How can any man be friend to such a creature?”  
Bard smiled sadly, “it is perhaps the strangest and the dearest of the Master’s many gifts to wandering humanity.”  
“The Master!” squawked the short man, “Can he truly have such power?  We have enslaved ourselves to the Knight, who is himself a slave of the Nameless One.  To save our lives we sold our souls, is there no hope for us?”  
Bard smiled grimly, “there is always hope for a willing heart.  Listen and learn what it means to truly live, even if death should claim you.”  
He spoke with them long of the Master and His ways and both decided to forsake their terrible promise, even if it cost them their lives, it would no longer consume their souls.  Bard donned the uniform of the tall guard and climbed into the seat beside the short man.  The tall man hid in the back of the cart.  Both wanted to help in freeing the captives yet within the castle and ending the Knight’s tyranny upon all such folk.  They hurried the pony back towards the castle.  The guards upon the gates saw nothing interesting about the returning pony cart and let them pass unhindered.  At the appointed time, Bard and the short guard took their turn warding the door to the chamber wherein the prisoners lay in agony.

Sehra and the Healer returned to their unconscious patients.  Sehra was glad to see Pip starting to stir.  His head ached terribly but the wound in his side was healing nicely.  The Healer no longer had the heart to speak with the dying men as she was bidden.  She wondered what would come of her silent rebellion, certainly her doom but she no longer feared death as she once had.  She did not look forward to it, but she would accept it willingly when it came.  Pip looked up into Sehra’s kind face and smiled.  She quickly explained their precarious situation.  A look of great sadness crossed his face at mention of Bard’s fate.  Pip sighed, “if only I had a sword, I might perhaps be able to free us.  Is there a chance of gaining access to weapons?”  
The women shook their heads grimly, the door guards watched everything very closely lest treachery erupt in the night.  “Did someone ask for a sword?” asked a familiar voice.  All eyes turned in amazement to the quite healthy Bard, who stood in the doorway with the short guard smiling behind him.  The tall guard came in a side door and held several weapons in his arms.  
“What happened?” gasped Sehra as she ran to her husband and he drew her into a great hug.  
Bard sighed, “unicorn stubbornness.”  The two Brethren nodded grimly but the Healer did not understand a word of it.  Sehra quickly explained the unicorn’s greatest gift to men.  Tears came to her eyes at such noble devotion.  Pip and Sehra were soon armed and the Healer was left to oversee the sick ward.  Bard and the short guard returned to their posts.  The two remaining Brethren and the tall guard went in search of the Knight.
They found the Knight sitting before a great table strewn with a variety of lovely dishes but he had no stomach for any of it.  He leapt to his feet when he saw the three intruders.  “You are both here?” said Edgar.  
Sehra said, “I had thought you dead, but now your tyranny is ended.  Surrender and we shall discuss this, else you can die in combat.”  
Edgar sneered, “I will die before I face your version of justice.  Life holds no pleasure, perhaps death will free me from its tedious clutches.  I have all the power a mortal man could wish but no joy in any of it.  Come, it is time to die!”  
He drew his sword and fell upon Sehra.  Sehra was quite skilled with a blade and was an even match for the Knight.  At the sound of battle, a dozen guards rushed to help their leader but the tall guard quickly explained things to the onrushing guards and stayed their charge.  They were not willing servants and happily chose to let their leader meet whatever fate was due him.  They watched in fascinated silence as the pair whirled about in a flashing dance of death.  The Knight saw his minions would not aid him and that the girl might best him, thus he used his most dreadful skill and ended his own life.  All drew back in horror from the ebony puddle upon the floor.  
The situation was explained to the other guards.  Most were happy for their freedom but a few tried to rebel and were quickly dealt with.  The dying were comforted and the rest were allowed to heal without threats of doom.  Many eager hearts turned to the Master that day and no few rode to Astoria to learn more of the strange Being who did so much for ungrateful man.  The Lady was quite pleased with how things ended on the Frontier and more than grateful to have all three safely home again.



Book III



Chapter 1

Again humanity flourished and civilization spread; cities and trade routes grew, explorers and intrepid pioneers pressed ever deeper into the wild lands that covered much of the world.  It was in these wild places where the dragons preferred to reside and their kind was flourishing as much as man, for though they were slower to reproduce they did not suffer from the sudden shifts in population due to war and plague that sporadically affected mankind.  Though there was plenty of room for all, certain members of both races (perhaps urged on by a certain nefarious force) felt it their right to live wherever they wished and could not abide the other species’ wish to live there too.  It began as scattered skirmishes between a few dragons and their human neighbors.
It escalated into the destruction of entire villages without reason or cause, which provoked the greater portion of humanity to seek retribution.  Though a dragon is a formidable foe, he is not without his weaknesses.  A weed was discovered that was unilaterally fatal to any dragon whose flesh was pierced by a tainted weapon.  Though it was nearly impossible to pierce the hide of an ancient beast, the younger dragons were very vulnerable.  A group of men organized to dedicate their lives to protecting their fellow men from the growing draconian menace and they became known as the Knights of the Rose.  The dragons, seeing their younger generation thus decimated, felt it their duty to destroy humanity lest their kind fail altogether.  Thus began and escalated the Dragon Wars. 
The Wars (as the dragons came to call them) raged for nearly fifty years in which both sides were nearly destroyed.  The Brethren tried to persuade both sides to talk but neither was willing to listen, lest they be seen as weak and certain individuals on both sides enjoyed the glory earned by victory in battle.  A whole generation of young dragons perished and entire villages were razed to the ground before everyone started to realize the cost of their arrogance.  What had started as a skirmish became a war that very nearly destroyed everything worth fighting for.  Finally, both sides began to realize that the only end must either be peace or utter destruction of both races.  At the behest of the green dragons and most of the surviving nations, a ceasefire was called and representatives gathered to negotiate peace.  
There were certain individuals and factions on both sides that were not happy for the end of the destruction but most of the world’s sentient creatures sighed with relief.  Gathered on the great fields surrounding Astoria were Editha (a green dragon friendly with the Brethren and the sole representative of that species), most of the rulers of the various nations, the captains of the Knights of the Rose, and the Lady of Astoria with the Council of Six.  The Black Dragons would not deign to speak with men, the Red Dragons were far too temperamental to be trusted in such a council, and the other Green Dragons put their full trust in Editha, who understood humanity better than most.
“This must stop,” said the dragon to all there gathered, “we have lost too many of our youngsters!  At this rate, there shall be none left to carry on our race.  Even some of the Black Dragons are starting to grumble about extinction, and they are usually so self-absorbed that when they notice that something is wrong with the entire race you know it is a problem!”  
“This shall end,” growled Baine, the leader of the Knights, “when the last of your race has vanished from the earth!”  
“That is enough,” said the Lady sternly to Baine, “this is a council of peace, not a chance for you to perpetuate the violence.  Heed my warning or you will be expelled from this council!”  The man glowered at her but held his tongue.  
Editha sighed, “such are the feelings that have perpetuated this nonsense among both our kindreds.  The green dragons fully support the peace effort, the red dragons just wish to be left alone, and the few remaining black dragons want revenge but see the futility of such thinking.  What of humanity?”  
The Lady said, “I speak for the gathered nations when I say that we want peace as much as the green dragons.  There are however, certain individuals willing to destroy humanity in continued violence for I know not what gain?” 
She glanced significantly at Baine, who growled, “it is a matter of principle and honor.”  
The Lady only shook her head and asked, “and what are your terms?”
The dragon sat up on her haunches and caught the eyes of all gathered, “you must destroy that vile weed called Dragonsbane and cease in your efforts to destroy us without just cause.  What of your demands?”  
The Lady said, “we only wish to live in peace without fear that another innocent village will suddenly be set aflame for no reason.”  
Editha smiled, “I think we may very quickly come to an agreement.  If you destroy that vile weed and refrain from attacking us unprovoked, we shall withdraw into the wild lands and cease our depredations on innocent humanity.”  
The Lady caught the eyes of each of the rulers present and each nodded in agreement.  Baine glowered.  The Lady smiled, “we will destroy the weed and cease to hunt down your kind unprovoked.”  
Editha nodded but said, “of course there will still be occasional confrontations between various of our kin, this cannot be grounds for rekindling the fighting.”  
The Lady nodded, “there will always be occasional conflicts between and within all of the sentient races.  These must be handled on an individual basis of course.”  
The dragon looked significantly at Baine, “and what of the Knights of the Rose?  That foul smelling flower must cease to bloom or it must become a new plant entirely.”  
The Lady sighed, “I am afraid that is one weed that I cannot destroy.  I can advise and beg them to reconsider but they will not listen.  If they continue to attack you, then you are fully justified in defending yourselves as you must.”  
Baine growled, “we will continue this fight even if we fight alone and are utterly destroyed from the earth.”  
Editha laughed grimly, “with such an attitude, that just might be the case.”
“What of the Black Dragons?” asked the Lady.  
Editha shook her head, “they are very much of a mind with our foul friend here, perhaps they will do us all a favor and destroy each other?”  
The Lady looked grim but said, “then let it be written as we have agreed.  Let all who agree to this treaty swear before the Master, the Brethren, and all here gathered to abide by their promise.  Both races shall refrain from destroying the other save in self defense, humanity shall destroy dragonsbane and never again use it against dragonkind save at the last end of need, and the dragons agree to leave civilized lands and dwell peacefully in the wilds.  If conflict should arise in some small quarter, let it be handled peacefully.  Both races are fully justified in defending themselves from the other if need be.  Any additions, retractions, or corrections?”
All present, save Baine, heartily agreed and the Treaty of Indifference was signed and witnessed.  Thus ended the Dragon Wars, but peace was long in coming, as certain quarters still would not relent.  Baine stalked away in a rage and only after all the celebrations, pleasantries, and formalities were over did he confront the Lady.
He stood before her in her familiar chambers and said, “what nonsense is this?  There can be no peace with those monstrous reptiles!  Just watch, we shall render ourselves helpless only to succumb to renewed attack from our vile enemies.”  
The Lady said calmly, “Editha at least spoke truly.  I have no doubt the green dragons will abide by the treaty and see that their now less numerous kin do so as well.  You would be wise to do the same.”  The green dragons had suffered far less in the wars than their more aggressive counterparts due to their more peaceable nature.   
The man scoffed, “wisdom indeed!  All I see is weakness.  We have forever held these monsters at bay lest humanity should succumb to their wrath.”  
The Lady laughed, “forever is a very long time.  Your organization has been around less than fifty years, a mere sixth of my own lifetime and nothing compared to the legacy of the Brethren.  Things shall be again as they once were.”  
“The Brethren!” scowled the man, “Bah!  I did not see any of your pathetic minions defending humanity from ultimate destruction.”  
The Lady said quietly, “we do not fight wars, we end them!  You know not how many of my servants fell trying to restore peace and end this conflict.  They helped where they could but we cannot hunt down and destroy those who are not responsible for such wanton destruction.  We could not destroy such a creature unless we were certain he was guilty of some crime against humanity.”
“They are all guilty or soon shall be,” snarled the man, “you have made an enemy this day, Lady of Astoria!  We will continue our war against these terrible beasts, alone if we must.  Perhaps some of the nations will also aid us.  Your servants are as much an enemy to us as those filthy reptiles.  Beware!”  
The Lady said, “why must you persist in this futile effort?  Why not turn your attention to other pressing needs in the world?  There are plenty of vile monsters in the wilds that must be prevented from entering civilized lands.  There are bandits everywhere.  Why not retire and start a family and help to again people this world?”  
The man laughed grimly, “bandits and goblins and children are all equally useless.  What glory is there in that?  It is only in the slaying of dragons that any honor is to be found.”  
The Lady frowned, “murder is never honorable.  If you persist in this madness, the dragons shall certainly destroy you and my servants will be justified in confronting yours if you prey upon those who have done no wrong.”  
He laughed coldly, “then let us be enemies Lady, for ever have I been disappointed with you as a seeming ally.”  
The Lady said, “we are allies only with those who serve the Master and abide by His Truth and Law.  We aid all whom we may, but we will not yoke ourselves with evil.”  
He laughed, “I have no time for your outdated superstitions and antiquated laws.  We are a law unto ourselves and we shall see who survives this little conflict.  Farewell!”  He turned on his heel and stalked from the room.  He found his horse and set out to confront the rulers of the nations, hoping that they might have more sense than the Brethren.
However, the nations had suffered enough from the depredations of the dragons and were only too eager to abide by the treaty.  The Knights of the Rose had once been an honored and revered sect but now were looked upon with a mix of scorn and pity.  They had begun with an honorable purpose, which had been swallowed up in pride.  They were determined to continue the cultivation of dragonsbane and to hunt down and destroy any dragon they could find.  They were chased from the civilized nations lest their behavior draw the wrath of the dragons again upon the countries of men.
The Knights became wanderers and vagrants, roaming the wilds and haunting forgotten ruins.  Their sacred plant would only grow in the far south, thus a remnant remained to tend it while the rest scattered across the wild country seeking out any dragon they could find.  They also held the Brethren in contempt as traitors to humanity and killed them whenever the chance presented itself.  They became outlaws in all lands and a secret society, lest they be hunted down and destroyed completely, but it became difficult attracting new recruits as their infamy spread and their secrecy increased.  Stripped of the support of the nations, they turned to banditry to fill their stomachs; the once noble band had fallen far from grace.

The Lady rode out to speak with Editha with no less than six of her Warriors to attend her.  They did not fear the dragon but whatever might be lurking upon the Lady’s path; the Brethren were loath to let the Lady wander needlessly in the world lest she fall into some unforeseen danger.  The dragon was honored by the Lady’s visit and said, “to what do I owe the pleasure?”  
The Lady smiled and said, “I am afraid it is more business than pleasure for which I am come.  How go things among your kind?”  
The dragon said, “as well as can be expected.  The green dragons are relieved, the red dragons indifferent, and the black dragons malcontent as ever.  And what of your part of the bargain?”  
The Lady sighed, “about as we expected.  All the nations have destroyed their stock of dragonsbane, my servants will testify to that.  All men save the Knights of the Rose seem content with what has happened.  I am afraid we shall have no peace until those rogues are dealt with.  Not only are they a threat to your people, but to all who oppose them, even among men.  They have gone underground and go about in secret, preying upon others for their sustenance and killing my servants at will.  Have you had any encounters with them?”  
The dragon laughed coldly, “we have had a few incidents with various unnamed foes but we have become wise in the ways of defending ourselves from such scoundrels.  Fear not that we shall again fall victim to their plots.  Perhaps together we can end this threat?”  
The Lady said, “the Brethren will ever be there to fight the darkness, but alas I shall not be here to see the end of it.”
The dragon gave her a concerned look, “are you unwell or does mutiny stir within your ranks?”  
The Lady laughed, “no, I am quite well for a human nearing three centuries in age.  The Brethren are long lived for men, but even we must succumb to the steady press of time.  We do not live past three hundred.  Already, my age begins to creep upon me, and any day the Master may call me home.  A new Lady shall be appointed in my place and she shall continue to serve after I am gone.”  
The dragon looked upon the dear old lady sadly, “three hundred years is but a short time to my people.  I wonder that you think it such a long time, but then you accomplish so much in your few years that dragons often think men rather chaotic!  I have enjoyed our time together and shall continue the relationship with whomever succeeds you.”  She cocked her head, and with an amused sort of smile, said, “then may the Master ride with you, that is how your people say farewell, is it not?”  
The Lady smiled warmly, “it is indeed and I thank you greatly for your courtesy.”  
She made an appropriate bow, turned her mount, and rode back to Astoria.  That night was indeed the last anyone saw of Kaya but almost before she was missed, another had been appointed in her place.  Bard was now the only living member of the Brethren that remembered the first Lady of Astoria, the new Lady was his third leader, though he mused that he would not long survive Kaya.  Sehra was of an age with him and they were the oldest of the living Brethren; Pip had been lost in a village destroyed during the Dragon Wars.
Bard was exceedingly happy to have lived to witness the end of that debacle and wondered what the world that emerged after would be like.  He was not yet at the very end of his years, thus some spryness, strength, and stamina yet remained to him.  He wondered of what use a Messenger crippled by age could be.  He still had a few years of active service left so perhaps he would never find out.  He was not suicidal, but the idea of dying old in bed was almost anathema to him.  How he had survived the many impossible quests he had endured, he had no idea, but he had served longer than any Messenger in history.  Besides his wife, he also had an apprentice to keep him out of trouble, but Robin was nearing the end of his apprenticeship and was quite eager to have an adventure of his own, though he loved Bard dearly and enjoyed his many tales of bygone years.  The youth could not quite run circles around his mentor but he was close.  Bard laughed, trying to remember his own youth but it seemed so long ago as to seem the very Beginning.
It was not long until the Lady summoned Bard and his apprentice to stand before her.  She said, “I know it must seem strange to be ordered about by one so young in your reckoning, but I know you shall treat me with as much regard as you showed to our former leader.  It is past time you were put out to pasture, but I think that would kill you more surely than any adventure upon which I might send you.  Are you ready for another attempt at the impossible?”  
Bard smiled, bowed deeply, and said, “no one has ever spoken more truly Lady.  Send me where you will.  I am no old horse to enjoy a life of idleness.”  
She smiled and said, “very well, I am sending you into the heart of the wilds.  Seek out those rogues calling themselves the Knights of the Rose and see what can be done about them.  They are a continued menace not only to the peace with the dragons but also to any men they might come across.  They are now little more than bandits and murderers.  Convince them of their folly or bring them to justice, but one way or another, the back of this rebellious sect must be broken.”  
Bard bowed deeply and said, “it shall be as you say Lady, though for once I would like to know how to accomplish my mission ere I set out.  Why can nothing ever be straightforward?”  
The Lady laughed lightly and said, “are you not a little old to switch to the Warrior sect?  Perhaps I should place you with the Philosophers and let your apprentice handle this vague quest himself?”  
Bard bowed and said, “that will not be necessary, I was just hoping that perhaps my last adventure might not be so ambiguous.”  
The Lady smiled, “then let us hope that this is not your last adventure.  May the Master ride with you.”  The pair bowed themselves out and left to prepare for their journey.
Bard bid farewell to his wife and they rode off into the lengthening day, both wondering if this might not be their final parting.  Robin promised Sehra to keep the man out of trouble.  Bard smiled and said, “I thought that has been my job as regards yourself.”  
The boy smiled, “perhaps you are right, but now it is my turn to return the favor.”  
Bard laughed and they rode off in higher spirits than he could have hoped.  He had seen all his friends and family die over the years, all save his wife.  Other friends had come into his life but for how much he had lost, he was amazed that he could still find joy each day, but then what else should he expect but such peace, joy, and hope from trusting in the Master?  Their plan was as ambiguous as the Lady’s orders; Bard assumed they would have to attempt to join this shadowy organization, for if they were to attempt to undermine it, it must be from within.  How did one bring an organization such as this to its knees?  He would think of something, he always did.  Or more appropriately, the Master always provided a way.  They rode on not knowing how exactly to proceed but ever trusting in the Master.  


Chapter 2

The Knights of the Rose had begun with good intentions if misguided, but had failed to maintain the nobility and honor required to resist the perils of pride that came with the glory of their current occupation, thus had they succumbed to their own success.  They were unwilling to give up their former glory and thereby lost everything.  Only in their own minds were they anything more than common bandits.  They held themselves as the only thing keeping humanity from falling into utter destruction and thus felt entitled to whatever it was that they wanted or needed, no matter the cost to others.  It was a painful example of what happened to men who sought glory for its own sake and prided themselves on achieving it.
It was this very attitude of selfish pride that had led to the downfall of all creation at the Beginning and ever haunted mankind until the Last Day.  It was this attitude that allowed the Knights to become corrupted from within, by the very villains they should be fighting against, rather than waging a hopeless war against those no longer their enemies.  The Brotherhood of the Serpent of course had its claws in the organization and though displeased with the treaty, they were quite pleased with the collapse of the Knights.  They were happy to corrupt the group and allow them to wreak havoc upon the world without drawing them into the Brotherhood, though they happily took in any that sought them out.
The Knights were widely scattered throughout the wild and sparsely populated country where dragons were wont to roam and where they were unlikely to fall afoul of any local authorities.  They ever kept a watch for possible recruits, as few now came seeking entance into the Knights, thus the Knights must seek out those so suited.  Some of the Knights had abandoned their calling with the collapse of the war, seeing either the honor of surrender or knowing the honor and riches of their previous position was now at an end.  The rest stayed on, hoping for a restoration of their former glory, eager to kill more dragons and still convinced of the necessity, or hoping to gain riches at the expense of others thereby becoming nothing more than highly organized bandits.  
A half dozen men rode together and patrolled a certain territory.  The captain of each company met occasionally with the other captains and their superiors to discuss important matters, to receive new orders, and pass on news.  Within their assigned territories, they sought out word of any dragons in the area, depredated whom they would, and otherwise did as they pleased.  Any adventurers who seemed to know the use of a sword were closely watched and if found acceptable, were courted with joining the Knights.  The Brethren and other do-gooders were killed, if discovered.  If a dragon was found, the council was gathered to discuss how the beast should be dealt with, but very few of the creatures now lingered in territory currently held by men.  After the resolution of the war, most withdrew to the forsaken lands far to the north or deep within the mountains or even beyond.  They might draw closer again to human civilization in the coming years if the threat was truly ended and if the noxious weed was forgotten.
Thus it was that Bard and Robin left civilized lands behind and made their way into the wild country of the north.  Men were few and far between in such a place, but there were widely scattered villages with obliging inns that served as havens for those seeking human companionship, even if it were of a more notorious nature than was usual elsewhere.  Only the very brave or those with things to hide resided so far from anywhere, such places were often frequented by representatives of the Knights, and it was not long before Bard and Robin became a subject of great interest to the local company.  Bard looked a man in his failing years but still possessed of some vitality; the boy looked to at least know the use of a sword which was now the main requirement for joining the Knights.  They sat in the seedy common room and were quickly approached by the Captain of the local company of Knights.  Bard did not doubt what the man intended.  
“Good even, fine sirs,” said the captain, “May I be joining you?”  
Bard smiled, “of course.  Of what service may we be in these far flung lands?”  
The man smiled blandly and said, “perhaps I may be of use to you?  Are you gents perhaps seeking agreeable employment?”  
Bard smiled quizzically, “and exactly what sort of offer are you making us?”  
The man said, “I have offered nothing yet.  First I must know a few things.  Now I see you both carry swords, know you the use of them?”  
Bard laughed, “the boy is quite a skilled warrior and I am not too bad for one of my age.”  
The man laughed, “fair enough.  Now, are you currently occupied with some other pressing task?” 
 Bard said, “nothing that could not benefit from an association such as you might be proposing.”  
The man gave him an odd look for such a vague answer but seemed content.  “Now,” said he, “can you follow orders, remain faithful in the face of great danger, and are willing to die for a noble cause?”  
Bard smiled, “such is my life and also that of the boy.”  
The man smiled, “men of duty I see!  A rare thing, in these strange days.  What are your feelings about the group calling themselves the Knights of the Rose?”  
Bard said, “I have heard many terrible things about these men of late, but I am willing to suspend judgment that I might learn firsthand what they truly are.”  
The man snorted, “I suppose that is all one can ask in these questionable days, are you willing to learn what they truly are?”  
Bard said, “perhaps, what if I come away dissatisfied?”  
The man said, “deserters are not tolerated amongst us.  No one leaves, save by permission of the High Captain and that he has yet to grant.”  
Bard nodded, “not unlike most military organizations I suppose.  What if we refuse to even consider this offer of yours?”  
The man smiled coldly, “you might fall afoul of the bandits that frequent these disquiet lands.”  
Bard nodded thoughtfully, “then I suppose we shall see what these Knights of yours have to offer.”  
The man smiled, “I am glad we could come to an agreement.  Get your horses; we leave at once.”
The Brethren did as they were instructed and were soon following their guide into the forest as the gloom deepened around them.  Not far from the inn, they turned off the path and rode into a little clearing wherein three rough looking men stood round a fire.  When they realized who it was, they resumed their seats and sheathed their blades.  Two more ghosted back into the trees and released the tension on their bowstrings.  Bard was glad he had not tried to infiltrate the group by force.  The Second of the group laughed as he saluted his captain and said, “I see you have recruited us a fine pair.  One too old to wield a sword and the other too young to shave.”
The captain laughed, “if they are utter failures, they need not worry about their futures, but they assure me they are as skilled as I hope them to be.  We shall see on the morrow.  For now let us to bed.”  The others stood, doused the fire, and all but the watch sought their blankets.  Morning arrived with a glorious chorus of birdsong upon a world drenched in dew.  After the morning chores had been attended to, the captain said, “now let us see if you two are worthy to join our illustrious company.  Out swords and let us see if you will live until noon.”  Robin exchanged an amused look with his mentor and both of the Brethren bared their blades.  The captain had his out and they launched into a mock battle to prove their skill or lack thereof.
The captain and his men were quite impressed, especially with the old man.  He laughed, “you move pretty well for a relic.  When were you born?  The Beginning of time?”  
Bard laughed, “about three hundred years after that; I am not quite as old as creation.  These old bones yet contain some life, for I am not quite finished yet.”  
The captain smiled, “good.  Now you shall ride with us until the next Captain’s Council in two weeks and then you shall be reassigned wherever you are needed.”  
The pair nodded, the men broke camp, mounted their horses, and rode deeper into their assigned territory.  As they rode, the Captain discussed various of the Philosophies of the Rose, the guiding tenets of the Knights, to which lofty heights they failed to attain.  Bard boldly noted this and the Captain said, “you are of course right.  In these lesser days, we are also become less but one day we will resume our rightful place as the epitome of what it is to be human.”  
Bard tried desperately to keep a bland expression on his face, thinking that these men were indeed the epitome of what it was to be lost and wandering humanity, in the dark without the Master’s light to guide them.  Most men were unable to handle the pressures that came with glory, riches, honor, and the like without the Master’s aid.  It was not that such things were evil but that they tended to corrupt their master if he had not a firm will to resist their influence, in the end they became his master rather than he theirs.  Life became nothing more than a search for more and more of what already consumed his life rather than using those blessings for the benefit of others as the Master intended.
It seemed that even though they had abandoned their guiding tenets, they contented themselves with thinking that one day they might again attain such lofty ideals, but virtue once lost is seldom restored unless a radical change of heart and life is attained; it becomes simply a guiding star: unreachable, though giving a little light in the darkest depths of night but as cold and distant as a dead and far off sun.  These men had fallen from glory as surely as man in the Beginning, but they refused to look to the Master for redemption, instead looking to some far off and distant day when man might deliver himself from his own ruin.  
As they rode, the captain asked many questions of his new recruits and seemed impressed by their answers, especially Robin’s; he had not expected a mere youth to speak with such wisdom and confidence.  Perhaps he would get promoted for finding such promising recruits, a joyful smile played across his lips; he hastened to finish this patrol that he might reach the Council a little early and introduce his captives to the ruling body of the Knights.  Bard wondered what would come of them if they refused to partake in any of the less honorable activities for which the Knights were currently notorious, but the Master seemed to be watching over them, as they were required to neither steal nor kill during the two weeks before the Council.  The Captain left his Second in command, motioned for the Brethren to follow, and they rode off towards wherever this secret Council would be held.
Once alone upon the road, the Captain said, “I am quite impressed by both of you and feel you will go far within our organization.  You sir, might even find yourself a Captain of the Rose, as soon as you learn the Philosophies and swear to stand by them.  The boy is in a good position to become a Second, even though he is younger than any Second in our history.  This shall be an historic meeting!”  
From what the man had told him of the Philosophies, it seemed they were a vague collection of lofty ideals.  He could attempt to uphold most of them without breaking Oath and the others would have to be dealt with as he encountered them.  They rode on and finally came to a great but deserted castle that had begun to fall into ruin.  The guards let them pass, for they recognized the captain and looked curiously at the men with him; it was long since they had seen new blood.  Their mounts were attended to by lesser officers, and the trio moved deeper into the derelict fortress in search of whomever it was the captain wished to address.  They came upon a hulking man in his middle years with great grey moustaches, who gave a delighted smile to the captain, saying, “well, if it is not Captain Rice, and who are these curious gentlemen with you?”  
Rice smiled and said, “why new recruits Sir.  Both as skilled with a sword as anyone could hope and well versed in the philosophical and military disciplines.”
The man blew out his mustaches and said, “are they now, well that is good to hear.  Our ranks have become somewhat thin of late and it is encouraging to have new blood.  If things are as you say, I think it might not be long ere you are promoted my dear Captain.”  The captain grinned and the aging officer led the Brethren off to another part of the castle, while Rice went in search of others of his acquaintance.  The now dour looking officer said, “I hope the captain is not exaggerating as others have before him, hoping to gain our favor?  For all your sakes, I hope he spoke truly.”  
Bard said, “why hold us accountable for his exaggeration, if exaggeration it is?”  
The grim old officer said, “because it would be your duty to inform him and me of his over-exuberance.”  
Bard nodded, “fair enough I suppose, though it is difficult to ascertain what his idea of excellence and yours are, therefore it is nearly impossible to know if the fault is in our skill, in his praise of our skills, or in your expectations.”  
The grim officer laughed, “you certainly know the use of your tongue.  Come, let us see if your sword is just as practiced.”  He ran the pair through a variety of exercises and seemed, if not impressed, at least content in their proficiency.  He said afterwards, “it seems the captain was not exaggerating.  Come, we must speak with the other senior officers.  You two could be the best thing to happen to us in quite some time.  New blood and new ideas are vital to the growth and continuation of the Knights.”
They followed silently, wondering what the old man was implying.  A small gathering of seasoned looking officers had gathered in a large and not too gloomy inner room for some pre-Council chat.  They greeted the grim man enthusiastically and eyed the Brethren with a hopeful gleam in their eyes.  One grizzled old man, missing an eye, said, “and what have you brought us Heinrik?  It looks an old dog and an unweaned whelp!”  
The others laughed but Heinrik did not seem impressed by their amusement.  He cleared his throat roughly and said, “these two happen to be the most skilled warriors I have encountered in days beyond count.”  
These words evoked silence from the rest and the cyclops spoke again, “you really think so?”  
Heinrik laughed grimly, “I do not think it, I know it for truth.  If half our men were this skilled, we would again be a force to be reckoned with.  Not even the combined nations or the Brethren would dare stand against us.  Think about it!  We are little more than beaten dogs hiding in the shadows, hoping for some small scrap of our former glory, content to lick our wounds and remember former years.  I am tired of dwelling in the past and barely surviving in the present.  I want to reestablish the Rose!  We need to train our men, reorganize our shattered structure, and cling again to the Philosophies, which are trampled underfoot.”  
The one eyed man snorted, “little more than fever dreams my friend.  We would all love for just that to come about, but our numbers dwindle and our vision fades.  What can two men do to reinvigorate the wilting Rose?”
Heinrik laughed grimly, “I do not know, but it is better than rolling over in surrender.  If we need a renewal of vision, these two might encourage just that with their enthusiasm untainted by the fall of the Rose from its once glorious past.”  
The one eyed officer addressed Bard, “so how are you going to restore the Rose to its former glory?” 
Bard laughed, “sir, with all respect I do not have any idea.  I will do what I can, but the destiny of all is quite too great a burden to place upon my shoulders.”  
The officer snorted, “truly spoken, I suppose we cannot expect miracles but it is at least a small encouragement to have a little new blood in the place.  Leave us to discuss the future of the Rose and your future with it.”  
The Brethren bowed themselves out and wandered aimlessly until Captain Rice found them and said, “well?”  
Bard smiled, “well what?”  
Rice could hardly contain his curiosity, “ how did it go?”  
Bard laughed, “I am not sure.  Your grim officer expects us to somehow be the saviors of your organization while the others are at least a little encouraged by the prospect of new recruits.  I do not know how it will end.  We were dismissed that they might discuss the future and what it might hold.”  Rice seemed a bit saddened not to hear immediately of his pending promotion but contented himself with giving the Brethren a tour of the old castle.  Bard asked, “do you always meet in this place?”  
Rice shook his head, “no, we haunt a half dozen such relics throughout the nearly abandoned parts of the world.”
The senior officers spent much of the day in deep conversation and debate, so much time in fact, that the Captain’s Council was put off until the following day.  Each man knew the Knights were rotting from within and if they did not soon find a way to reinvigorate their vision and reestablish themselves as men of principle, there would truly be nothing left but a scattered horde of bandits who had once been honorable men.
Rice said as they wandered, “we once had a duty which was to destroy those wretched creatures called dragons, thus sparing humanity their dire fate, but now that purpose is gone and we are adrift at sea without oar, rudder, or sail.  We cling to the past but have no hope of a future.  The dragons seem to be abiding by that foul treaty and thus our plight deepens.  Had the fell beasts forsaken their treaty, we might have reason to continue our war but we cannot honorably continue if they have relented upon their war against humanity.  We have become thieves and murderers though there are many who will not or cannot see it.  But many men secretly share these misgivings; if you speak of this to anyone your life is forfeit!”  
Bard nodded, “your secret is safe though it seems we picked a disquiet time to infiltrate your organization.”  
Rice laughed grimly, “perhaps you will inspire the dialogue that must take place if the Rose is to have any future whatsoever?  However I fear there are those that will refuse to see sense no matter how obvious, including the High Captain himself.”

The senior officers sat long in debate but their dialogue was futile until the High Captain arrived.  They could philosophize all they wanted but without Baine’s blessing it was vain.  Most seemed aware of the dilemma facing the future of the Knights but the others were staunchly against any change whatsoever.  Finally, the High Captain arrived and entered the debate.  He heard the arguments of those seeking some new direction for the Knights and laughed scornfully, saying, “you are all fools to think that a momentary peace will last.  The dragons cannot and will not be trusted by the Knights of the Rose.  We will go on as ever we have and someday the world will again adore us as they once did.  Let us meet these strangers who inspire such contemptuous contemplations amongst once formidable officers.”  
The Brethren were soon fetched, they made the appropriate bows, and stood calmly before the High Captain and his senior officers.  “Well?” demanded Baine.  
“Yes sir?” asked Bard.  
Baine scoffed, “how did you inspire such musings, nay mutiny amongst my officers by your mere presence?”  
Bard said, “sir, we have done nothing of the kind, at least to my knowledge.  We have barely spoken with these men.  If there was some dissent, it was brewing below the surface long before our coming.  Perhaps our arrival ignited the blaze but the tinder had long before been prepared for this inferno.”  
Baine raised an eyebrow in surprise, “you are well spoken for a soldier.  From whence comes such wisdom and courage under pressure?”  
Bard smiled, “I have been trained not only in the martial arts but also in the ways of wisdom sir, long experience has given me the fluidity of speech you suggest I possess.”  
“And whence did you gain such knowledge and skill?” asked the High Captain.  
Bard wondered if this might very well be the end of his glorious career as a Knight of the Rose, “Astoria sir.”  
“Astoria!” erupted the High Captain, “What can that cursed place teach any soldier?  They are nothing but peace mongers and cowards, siding with our enemies as often as not.  They might be able to teach a man the use of a sword but certainly not the proper use of his mind!”  
“And what is the proper use of a man’s mind?” asked Bard patiently.  
The High Captain glared at the temerity of the man, “why, to know what is right and to do it at any cost!”  
Bard said, “and what is right sir?”  
The Captain paused in his ragings, “what do you mean, ‘what is right?’  There is only one right and true thing.”  
Bard said, “and what would that be sir?”  
The man stared in utter confusion, “I once thought I knew, but now I am not so sure.  Our very existence was threatened by the dragons, which gave us purpose and vision.  Now that war is lost and I do not know why we fight, save perhaps to stand again between man and utter destruction.”
“Certainly a noble cause sir,” said Bard quietly, “but you cannot continue to persecute the innocent after the war has ended.  If it arises again, you must again fight that fight, but for now that fight is ended.  You must do what is right.”  
“And what is that?” asked the flummoxed captain.  
Bard said, “each man might decide what is right for himself but that must mean that what he thinks right would be wrong to someone else.  All would be chaos had we not some concept of ‘right’ outside and above ourselves, else we would all just chase our tails and destroy our neighbors for no good cause.”  
The captain said, “I never thought that there must be some external, higher standard by which right and wrong were measured.  But it must be so.  Each man cannot decide for himself the length of an inch else measurements would mean nothing, there must be an agreed upon standard common to all men.  But from whence does such a standard arise?  Men may decide upon such things as units of measure but we certainly cannot agree on something like a standard of what is right and good and honorable.”  
Bard nodded, “man cannot judge such things objectively, thus the Master has set the standard and calls us to hold to it.  That is the standard taught in Astoria and the rule that guides the world.  It is when men stray from that course that trouble arises.  It is not only for men but for all thinking creatures.  The Wars came about because both men and dragons strayed from the Master’s precepts and thought they knew better; both races nearly ended for their presumption.”
The captain said, “I have never believed in your Master but I do agree there must be some higher standard to which humanity must cling else all is chaos.  I must be allowed to ponder these things before we resume our discussion.  Until then, I bid you all good night.”  
Without a word, though all were bursting with surprise, everyone retreated to their assigned sleeping places.  Many lay awake long into the night pondering what it was they had just heard.  The High Captain withdrew to the chamber he had taken for his own use; in the dark therein hissed a disgusted voice, “you are teetering on the brink of a precipice whose bottom you cannot see Baine!  Ware, lest you fall into destruction and the Knights with you.”  
The captain turned angrily towards the voice and snarled, “what has your advice availed but to very nearly destroy the Rose?  We are ghosts, mere wraiths of our former selves!  We have no purpose and are nothing but bandits.  The words of this stranger pain me, but it is the pain of warning to pull my hand from the fire ere it is burned.  Your guidance has led to nothing but ignominy and the ruin of us all.  He has offered sense, you speak nothing but chaos and destruction.”
“Your words reek of treason Baine,” mocked the dark voice, “perhaps it is time a sterner heart took your place.  Your mind is poisoned by the Brethren, your heart overcome by those pitiful fools and their insipid beliefs.  You had best ride to Astoria and bend knee before their Lady!  It is the only fate left to you.”  
Baine said coldly, “perhaps it is she that speaks truly?  I have looked everywhere else and come away cold and empty.  This man stands before me with confidence, knowing I might destroy him with a word, and tells me to my face of my own wretched folly.  My most faithful servants mutter against me in secret.  No, it is time this folly is ended.  I do not know the future of the Rose, it may wither into dust for all of me, but I will not see it fall further into corruption.”  
“You are an utter fool Baine and now I must be done with you,” hissed the darkness.  
The sound of a sword being drawn forth filled the darkness; Baine wasted no time in abandoning the room, for his hand rested on the door and he was no match for a fiend in the dark.  He drew the door shut behind him and angry sounds came from the other side.  The two guards posted on either side of the door looked at their leader in surprise.  Shaken he said, “there is some fell man in my quarters, capture or kill him!”  The guards ran into the room but found it empty.  A little searching found a hidden passage at the far end of the room through which the villain must have come and gone.  Baine had trusted the man as an advisor through the darkest parts of the war and after, had depended upon him to guide him through the changing times, but no more.  He wondered why his mind suddenly seemed so much freer than it had in all the dark years with the man at his side.
He went in search of the Brethren and drew Bard to a quiet place to talk.  “Tell me more of this Master of yours?” said the humbled captain.  Bard spoke long into the night, answering all the questions that tormented the distraught captain from his years of bitter searching.  He sighed, “the Rose has wilted but perhaps it can be quickened again to life, else it must be thrown upon the compost heap lest it fall utterly into corruption.  What is to be done?”  
Bard said, “assemble your captains; tell them your thoughts and hear theirs, only then can you decide whether to water the plant or uproot it.”  
The captain sighed but called together his officers, though it was the last watch of the night, but many of them had not been able to sleep and eagerly heard their captain’s words.  Some were not so inclined to be joyful at his sudden change of heart.  He said, “officers of the Rose, we have assembled perhaps for the last time, to discuss what is to become of our once honorable institution.  Many of you have been silently pondering our fall from glory and I myself have come to this realization.  We cannot continue as we are, for we are nothing more than bandits.  We must either disband and seek whatever living we might in the days of coming peace else we must refocus our efforts upon a more noble goal and leave behind our disgraceful depredations upon the innocent.”
One sinister looking young captain stood forth and said, “the Brethren have corrupted your mind!  I call for a vote, that we may displace this traitor and choose another to lead us.”  
Baine laughed grimly, “nay, it was the darkness that corrupted my thinking and I like a fool could not see it.  I wish the Brethren had corrupted my thinking sooner, as it were!  But alas a vote has been called questioning my fitness to lead and we must attend to it.  All those favoring my dismissal and the appointment of another in my stead stand forth.  Those disinclined to this proposition remain seated until asked to do likewise.”  
About a third of those present stood up but the rest remained seated.  Then they sat and the rest stood showing their support for their leader in his sudden change of heart.  “The Council has spoken,” said Baine, “the majority will rule in this matter as stated in the Philosophies.  Now what of the future of the Rose?”  
“I will not stand for this,” scoffed the same ill-favored young officer, “all those faithful to what we used to be, hearken to me and abandon this folly.”  The third that had voted against their captain stood and stormed from the Council, thus came the Schism of the Rose.  
Those that remained discussed long what was to come of their fallen glory.  The Brethren were called upon for advice.  At the end of the proceedings, it was determined to lay the flower to rest.  Many had an interest in either joining the Brethren or returning to their homelands and joining the local militia and giving aid to their own lords and people.  The Rose had served its purpose and was now disbanded.  The captains carried word back to their men, many of whom were happy to return home but some withdrew further into the wilds seeking a living by banditry or joined up with the rebellious band that began calling itself the Black Rose.


Chapter 3

Once the Rose had been disbanded, Baine rode back to Astoria with Robin and Bard.  The former captain said, “it will not be easy facing the Lady again.  In our last meeting I was far from polite.”  
Bard laughed, “fear not my friend, for forgiveness is a vital part of what it means to be one of the Brethren.  Besides, the Lady you confronted has been called home.  A new Lady leads us now.”  
Baine said, “I am sorry to hear that, she seemed a formidable woman.”  
Bard smiled wryly, “fear not, this Lady is just as formidable, if a few centuries younger.”  
As they rode, they shared many tales and much wisdom and by the time they reached Astoria, Baine’s mind was firmly made up.  The Lady welcomed them warmly and was intrigued by the demise of the Rose, but not pleased to hear of the Schism and the sinister offshoot that had sprung up from the ruined plant.  She sighed, “Bard, you have only accomplished two thirds of the task I have set before you.”  Bard looked a bit scandalized and she softened her tone, “I do not blame you for this strange new vine, but it must be dealt with.  The Rose was bad enough, now there is nothing to keep these fellows from doing whatever it is they please.  At least in its former incarnation they were tempered by the doubts of their own officers, now there is nothing to hold them back.  However, I cannot send you because they know your face.  I must send someone in your stead, for we must root out this terrible weed ere it wreaks more havoc.”  She promoted Robin to the status of a full Brother and welcomed Baine into her service.  She then dismissed them to rest until she had need of them.
At the next Oathtaking, Baine and many of his old comrades joined ranks with the Brethren.  Others were in residence in Astoria learning what they wished, as yet undecided about their future but hopeful as they had not been in a very long time.  Kirin was assigned to ferret out the budding Black Rose and put an end to its devious aspirations, whatever they might be.  He spent much time in speaking with those formerly calling themselves Knights of the Rose, especially with Baine.  What he learned of those he was to seek out was not encouraging.  These were the least honorable and most sinister of those belonging to the defunct Rose.  Baine’s tale of his shadowy advisor was also not cheering.  What would such a group of scoundrels be like with such an evil man at their head?  Kirin shuddered to think about it.  The tales of the early days in which such sinister men seemed to play a very large part filled him with dread that they might be making a resurgence upon the earth, but he dismissed these discouraging feelings and sought the Master’s peace in the matter.  

Serafia stood in the meadow watching her father’s sheep.  The sun was bright but the day was not hot, a mild breeze out of the west played with the strands of hair that had escaped her braid.  She saw a great smoke to the east in the direction of the village.  Suddenly the thunder of galloping hooves broke the peacefulness of the day.  Her brother rode like a madman and drew rein just inches from where the startled girl stood.  He jumped from his saddle and without a word helped his sister onto the horse, handed her the reins, and gave the sweaty beast a great slap on the rump, while yelling, “ride hard for the forest and do not look back!”  
Trusting in her brother’s judgment though not understanding in the least, she laid her heels to the horse’s flanks and they were off at a run.  She turned the beast towards the woods and the little used path that led out to the high pastures.  No sooner had she plunged into the cover of the trees than more galloping hooves came behind.  She had thought the threat of the dragons had come again, such precautions had been necessary in former days, but dragons did not come ahorseback.  She pulled the horse up short, slid from the saddle, and led him into the overgrown woods along the path and back towards the ruckus in the meadow.  She stayed carefully hidden in the brush but watched in horror as one by one, her brothers fell to the swords of a dozen mounted men in disparate armor, wearing tabards emblazoned with a vile black rose with cruel thorns twined about it.  The boys dead, they gathered up the scattered sheep and drove them back towards the pillar of smoke that must be all that remained of the burning village and her shattered heart.  
Tears stinging her eyes, she crawled back into the saddle and rode along the little used paths that wound through the woods that she might come to the King’s castle unseen.  As the day was failing, she came at last to the very brink of the woods and the great fields that surrounded the capital city.  The usual bustle of the city was silent and no one was abroad upon the road.  More of the terrible men with the same vile uniform stood outside the gates in place of the King’s soldiers.  Whether by agreement or treachery it seemed that the dark men, whoever they were, now controlled the country.  With nothing remaining to her, she turned her weary horse once more, and rode hard for Astoria, wishing that there hope might yet dwell.  The days ran together and only her firm desire to seek the aid of the Brethren kept her grief from overwhelming her.  How had they survived the Dragon Wars only to succumb now?  
By the time she reached Astoria, she was covered in the grime of travel and exhausted from travel and grief.  Seeing the weary girl, one of the guards upon the outer gates rode out to meet her and took her into the saddle before him, leaving her weary horse to be tended by the other guards.  She was too numb to say anything but, “Dalkin has fallen to I know not who, it is overrun with evil men in black uniforms who kill without thought or care.”  Tears made little tracks upon her dirt caked cheeks as her grief arose anew.  The guard urged his mount on towards the castle; the Lady must hear this bitter news.  The girl was on the verge of collapse but she would take no refreshment or rest until she was certain something would be done to rescue her people.  The Lady saw her immediately and summoned Kirin, Baine, and Bard.  The sobbing girl went to her knees before the Lady, refusing even a chair in her misery, and wept out her tale.  The Lady looked mournfully to Baine, “have they struck at last?”  
Baine bowed and said, “I fear the men of the Black Rose are no longer content to dwell in the shadows of the wild lands and have come forth in force.  I would estimate there are at least fifty, if not a hundred men riding under that banner now.”  
The Lady nodded grimly and looked to Kirin, “you know what you must do.  Ride to Dalkin, assess the situation there, and then if you need further aid, notify me at once.”  Kirin bowed deeply and left immediately to prepare for his journey.  
Bard said, “Lady, should not others ride with him to ascertain this threat and discover how to end it?”  
The Lady sighed, “you are too well known to some of these fiends to be of much use, but you may follow and give what aid you can, only be careful not to be discovered.”  
Bard bowed deeply, “as you wish it Lady.”  
The Lady then turned to Baine, “the rulers of the nations need to be alerted to this menace and we may need their aid in ending it.  I will assign a number of your former comrades, as well as yourself, to ride forth and tell them.”  
Baine bowed as well, “my duty and my honor Lady.  We shall leave at once.”  The Lady nodded grimly.  She then rose and eased the girl to her feet, and with the aid of the servants, finally helped her into bed.

Seragon, Baine’s dark advisor, fled after he failed to kill the fool man.  He knew how things would go and easily gathered up those that left in disgust when Baine spouted forth his nonsense.  His goals aligned nicely with theirs and they were more than happy to accept a firm leader who talked sense.  When the captains returned to their scattered companies and broke the news, many were gathered into the quickening Black Rose.  Baine was right in one of his assumptions: the Rose had bloomed in ignominy far too long.  It was time they left mere banditry in the wilderness and began looking to the civilized nations to provide them with what was rightfully theirs.  Seragon had an associate within the court of Dalkin who was quite pleased with the King’s disposition; the man would easily bow to their whims and allow the Black Rose to infest his Kingdom.  Seragon and a small contingent of his darkest servants rode into the city and attained an audience with the King.  The King was a simple minded man with a natural penchant towards self indulgence, thus was easily brought into line with the right way of thinking.  
He gave the Black Rose full access to his city and country if they agreed to provide a lavish lifestyle for himself and otherwise left him alone.  To this Seragon readily agreed, and sent word to his underlings that they were to move in and take the city.  The current soldiery was given the choice of merging with the Black Rose or being disbanded.  Most decided to go home, rather than join such a sinister group.  The dark soldiers now had full authority to terrorize and pillage as they wished.  They burned villages, stole livestock, put the local women to ill-use, and otherwise did as they pleased.  Seragon intended such wild living and abasement of the law to draw others of like mind to his door, thus enlarging his forces and enabling him to move beyond Dalkin.  If he did not attain an empire, at least the chaos and destruction would delight his Nameless master.

Baine and various of the former Knights rode out immediately to speak with the rulers of the nations on this burgeoning threat to civilization.  Needless to say, after years of threat from dragons, the various monarchs were not happy to have another threat come so soon after peace had finally been achieved.  They were not pleased, but they agreed that something must be done and that they would stand ready.  The Brethren rode back to Astoria with this news and all waited on word from Kirin and Bard.  
Kirin was glad to have Bard along on this adventure, though the man must not be seen by those among the Black Rose who knew him.  They would scout about, discover what they could of the plans of the Black Rose, and if unable dismantle the organization, they would ride back to Astoria for help.  Bard would stay in the outlying villages and farm country while Kirin would infiltrate the city to learn what he could of their nefarious foes.  The people of Dalkin were sorely used by their new overlords; the constant threat of evil falling upon them like a shroud hung a pall about their lives.  They dared not slack in their work but all seemed futile when at any moment, it could be taken from them without warning.  It was into this despondent atmosphere that the Brethren rode.  They dared not ride openly into the country lest their mounts be seized, thus they hid their tack and turned loose their mounts.
Bard approached the nearest village of any size, and Kirin set forth towards the city.  Bard had begun growing a beard and wore a hooded cloak that he might hide his face, but close inspection would reveal who he was, thus he must avoid close interaction with those who might know him.  He arrived in the village as the sun was setting and made his way into the inn.  The place was abandoned save for the dejected innkeeper and a pair of what must be men of the Black Rose.  The innkeeper hunkered down behind the counter and the pair of unsavory looking men rose and faced the intruder.  The one on the left said, “we do not like strangers here.  Either join up with the Black Rose or be gone.”  
Bard said, “I shall be going then.”  
The man on the right said, “perhaps not such a wise decision my friend.  You had best reconsider.”  
Bard protested, “you gave me a choice.”  
The right man said, “ah, but that was before I saw your sword.  You must either join up or we get to kill you.  The commonfolk are not allowed to go about armed.”  
Bard said, “what if I give you my sword?”  
The man sneered, “it is a little late for that I think.”  
Bard drew his blade and sighed, “I do not wish to hurt you, but neither will I join your despicable little cadre.  Do not be hasty, I will defend myself if I must.”  
The fools laughed, drew their swords, and fell upon their foe with zest.  They stood little chance against a man of Bard’s skill though they outnumbered him.  The innkeeper crawled from behind the counter and stared in amazement at the two dead men.  He said, “this is not going to go over well with the Black Rose.  Our lives are forfeit if they find out about this!”  
Bard smiled, “my life is forfeit if they discover me anyway.  Come, let us quietly dispose of our friends that you at least may be spared that fate.”  
The innkeeper scoffed, “nothing will spare me that.  We are all dead men if these fools are not stopped soon.  Even the dragons did not kill so indiscriminately.”  As they hauled the men out of the inn, the innkeeper said, “we could certainly use a man of your talents in the Resistance.”  
Bard looked at him curiously, “the Resistance?”  
The man nodded, “it is a group of men who are organizing to fight the tyranny of our new overlords.  It is composed mostly of former soldiers of the King who refused to join the new regime plus a number of men who cannot bear to live like this.  Many have lost relatives or even their entire families to the fiends.”  
Bard said, “how many of these Rose-characters are there?”  
The innkeeper said, “I think there are about a hundred of them scattered throughout Dalkin and they get a few more recruits each week, men eager for piracy.”  
“How many are in this Resistance of yours?” asked Bard.  
The innkeeper said, “I think fifty or so and our numbers grow each day though we have not near the weapons, armor, or training that the fiends have.”  
Bard said, “I am not come to start a war, but this one has started without me.  I will do what I can to help you to rid your country of these usurpers.  The nations have been warned of this threat and the Lady of Astoria stands ready to send aid.  I fear we must act quickly before there is no one left in your country to rescue.”
The innkeeper said, “you are one of the Brethren then?”  
Bard nodded, “my comrade and I were sent to see what we could learn of these dark men and if possible, end their tyranny.  My friend is headed towards the capital.”  
The innkeeper looked grim, “that is a very bad place to be found right now.  It is bad enough in the country, but I hear the townsfolk have it even worse.  He will never get past the gate guards, especially so armed.”  
Bard sighed, “I had best go after him then.  Can you organize the villagers and get as many folk armed as you can while I ride for the city?”  
The innkeeper nodded, “I will get the word out.  May the Master ride with us all!”  
Bard sprinted for the door, summoned his mount, and was soon racing towards the city.  Bard asked his mount to notify Kirin’s mount of his master’s imminent danger.  Meanwhile, Kirin was walking up the empty road to the city as evening fell.  A cry of near desperation reached his mind from his suddenly anxious mount.  He paused in mid-stride but could not decipher what the creature tried to pass along save that he should not enter the city.  His hesitation drew the attention of the gate guards, one of which immediately set out to interrogate the stranger out at such an odd hour for a man in occupied territory.  As the stranger shifted, the guard saw the sword underneath his cloak and drew his own.
As the guard approached, Kirin kept his hand well away from his blade.  “What are you doing stranger?” demanded the guard, “Have you come to join the Black Rose?  Otherwise your life is forfeit for carrying a blade.”
Kirin said, “I am just a simple man and was unaware of the laws of this country.  I have no wish to join that organization but only wish to enter the city.”  
The guard laughed, “bah! you would never get into the city anyway.  We are very careful whom we let in and most folk cannot wait to get out.  Now, will you join up or do I get to kill you here and now?”  
Kirin said, “it is rather unfortunate but I am afraid that I can neither join you nor die at the moment.  Maybe when it is more convenient for us both I can oblige you?”  
The man snorted, “I am sorry to disappoint you.”  He raised his blade to make the decision final but he never got as far as striking.  A dark cloaked man on a black horse galloped out of the night and swept the man off into the growing darkness like some phantasm come for his soul.  The bandit started shouting, rousing the guard, and soon they were in pursuit, but nothing can catch a unicorn.  
Kirin said to Bard, “you certainly cut it close, though I do appreciate the rescue.  Now what?  It seems I will not even be allowed into the city and I am sure half of these scoundrels will soon be following.”  
Bard smiled thoughtfully, “I think we could certainly use that to our advantage if the innkeeper has done his part.”  Kirin gave him a confused look but said nothing as they rode deeper into the gloom.
The innkeeper had indeed done his part and two dozen individuals had gathered out back of the inn.  Bard told of the anticipated pursuit and they smiled, eager to strike back at these usurpers.  They divided into parties of five or six, each armed with bow and sword and disappeared into the night to ambush any pursuit that might make its way through the village.  They secreted themselves in the woods surrounding the main road leading to the city and waited.  They did not wait long.  A patrol of a dozen men rode headlong into their ambush, not anticipating such a danger in the apparently cowed village.  
The two that managed to avoid the arrows were soon overcome with the sword.  The villagers were quite pleased with themselves until Bard reminded them that another eighty or so rogues still infested their land.  This sobered them a little, but not enough to make them uneager to end the threat if they could.  It was decided that ambushes of this nature might be the best way to eat away at the ranks of the rogues.  Messengers were quickly sent to the outlying villages, and soon each village and grouping of farms had its own tiny militia eager to take on the enemy.  That night, any man of the Black Rose foolish enough to be caught outside the city quietly disappeared, as did all those riding patrol.
Seragon was not pleased when he learned that he had lost a third of his men in just one night.  There were traitors in the woods and they would be flushed out if he must burn the forest to the ground and put every farmer and villager to the sword.  He would make a proclamation that the traitors were to be handed over or he would systematically start destroying every farm, village, and tree in the entire country to rid it of the vermin who dared oppose him.  Most of his messengers failed to return and those that did, reported violence from every village in which they dared show their faces.  Seragon was beside himself with rage, this was not how it was supposed to be!  How did these cowed little sheep suddenly find the courage to stand against him?  
He would begin his onslaught immediately.  The nearest village would be burned to the ground and every man, woman, and child within put to the sword.  If the rebellion did not end, there would soon be no one left to rebel.  He roused his minions and made ready to lead them on a campaign of ultimate destruction.  A page heard what Seragon was planning and risked his life to escape the city and bring warning to the village in question.  Thankfully his escape was made easier as the men who held the city were busy preparing for the coming raid.  Bard and the rest of the Resistance were holding court in that village when the boy came with his dire warning.  Kirin said, “it seems we have brought the wrath of the enemy upon our heads, but this could be our best chance to destroy this threat forever.”  
Bard nodded, “get the women and younger children out of here.  We need anyone who can use a bow to be ready to use it.  We also need all the able-bodied men and older boys armed as well as we can.  Send word to the surrounding villages and let them send what aid they can.”  
Chaos suddenly broke out as everyone did their part to prepare for the oncoming doom.  The unicorns each carried a responsible child to the neighboring towns to beg for aid.  The response was quick and overwhelming.  By the time the entire mass of the Black Rose rode into town, they were far outnumbered.  Arrows flew from every tree and roof, felling many of the soldiers.  Suddenly the unicorns unveiled their awesome beauty; the horses went mad, causing more chaos among the villains.  The survivors picked themselves up and drew their swords, ready for revenge.  Arrows continued to rain down upon the intruders as the more skilled swordsmen among the villagers drew their blades and rushed into the fray.  Bard found himself exchanging blows with Seragon, the man was excellent with a sword.  He snarled, “so you interfere again with my business you old fool!  This shall be your last attempt at treachery if I can help it.”  
Bard laughed, “I think not.  Your minions are nearly decimated and you stand very much alone.  Surrender and face a fair trial.”  
The man scoffed, “a fair trial and certain death.  I will not recant.  You or I will die this day, for there will be no surrender.”
Bard had spoken truly, most of the man’s minions lay dead or had surrendered.  A number of the villagers had fallen or taken grievous injury but there was much joy and celebration on their part at the end of the menace.  A great snarling monster suddenly appeared in the midst of the village and ran towards the embattled pair.  Seragon gave a last desperate lunge with his sword and leapt astride the monster and fled into the forest.  The unicorns screamed a challenge and Kirin was not long in giving chase.  Bard remained, as there was far too much to do in restoring Dalkin to order for both of them to follow.  The man must face justice one day, but they could not lose their grasp on victory, thus Bard would remain.  
There were still a few men holding the castle that must be dealt with; they must also confront the King.  The final men of the Black Rose in the village surrendered and faced a just trial.  It took several days, but soon the men holding the city were overcome from within by anxious citizen encouraged by the success of their fellows in the country.  The King was found dead in his chambers, having killed himself rather than face justice.  There was some debate among the greater lords about who should assume the throne, as the King had left no heir.  Finally, an aging lord, loved and trusted by all, was given the crown and peace was again restored to that besieged country.  


Chapter 4

Serafia spent several days abed doing nothing, thinking nothing, simply letting her body and mind recover from her journey and the preceding trauma that would forever scar her mind.  When she roused enough for thought, she wept bitterly.  She would not even try to eat the food the anxious servants brought her.  Once again exhausted with grief, she would fall into an uneasy sleep, only to repeat the pattern again and again.  Sehra was sent to the girl to see if there was some physical malady that might be contributing to her sorrow, but this was a wound deeper than any rent in the flesh.  The girl did not acknowledge her presence or even look up from her tear-soaked pillow.  The woman said nothing but sat upon the bed, holding the girl’s head in her lap and stroking her hair.  Even still, the girl wept until finally she looked up mournfully into the sad eyes of the woman who silently attended her and said, “why?”  
Sehra smiled gently and said, “why what?”  
The girl tried to stifle her sobs that she might speak, and in a gulping voice said, “why must the Master be so cruel?  We trusted Him, trusted Him beyond doubt, but that faith was in vain.  Of what did it avail my family?  Why am I alone left to grieve and go on living with no hope of joy to come?  What a wretched, miserable life must I endure alone?”  
Sehra said quietly, “your brothers gave their lives to save yours when the soldiers would have killed you or put you to worse use.  How can such sacrifice be thus scorned?  There is no greater gift one man can give another.  Had they not saved your life, how would others know to send aid to your people?  How many more would have died before word reached us of your dire plight?”
The girl’s eyes were wide with horror, “but is it not a cruel thing to leave me all alone without friend or future?  Why should I alone survive?  Could not someone else have borne the message?”  
Sehra smiled gently, “this duty was appointed to you and you fulfilled it faithfully.  It is no cruelty to spare a life, especially when you have so much life yet to live.  Your heart is broken and all the world seems dark and friendless, but you are never alone as long as you trust in the Master, though all humanity forsake you.  But humanity has not forsaken you, your future is whatever you wish to make it and you are not without those who love you.”  
The girl said, “but what of those futures cut short by such a tragedy?  Had not my brother a right to his future, newly betrothed as he was?  What of the children that will never come of the union as should have been?  My heart and mind reel at all that could and should have been.  How can that be anything but malice or at the least, dire neglect, on the Master’s part?”  
Sehra said gently, “child, who are we to question the Master in what should or could be?  It is human action that rent the world asunder and tore it from the path He intended.  It is His blood that stayed the wrath and destruction due us all.  He is Master of All and His ways are so far above and beyond our comprehension that wise men must cower in terror at their least revelation.  We cannot change one thing about the future though all our being and tears are spent in agonizing that it should be different than it might be.  That is why we trust in Him Who keeps all our tomorrows and knows better than we what must come of them.  In our current reality, evil is sadly everywhere present, but the Master alone can turn it to good.  What good will come out of this sorrow I cannot tell but let us not despair but trust in Him, the source of all our hope and joy.”
Serafia said, “it is easy for faith to be strong when no sorrow besets your heart nor griefs haunt your dreams.  It is quite another matter to trust in goodness and love when your soul has been rent asunder!”  
Sehra said, “it is at those times when we need our faith most, for who can heal hearts but the Master?  For He can bear all our sorrows and give us peace even in our greatest grief; He knows the suffering of His children and has borne it Himself to suffer in our stead.  It is only in the dark that one can see how bright is the lamp of faith, for it is often lost in the brilliance of a sunny day.  Great sorrow and tragedy have nearly destroyed your life but while you draw breath, it is not utterly ruined.  There is yet some purpose else you would not have been spared.  Entrust your sorrows and your family to the Master and find healing in His peace.  The hurt will never quite vanish this side of glory, but one day all tears shall fade and sorrow be completely forgotten.  Take heart, for you are not alone if you choose not to be.  The Master is ever faithful to those who are in His keeping and those who are, shall not be forever sundered.”  
The girl’s tears dried and a pitiful smile played at the corner of her lips.  She said in a voice tired and old with grief, “your words comfort me though the pain is great.  Can I again seek solace in the Master, I that would deny Him in my agony?”  
Sehra said gently, “He understands and ever will take us back.  Fear not and never despair, for despair is the final tragedy of the agonized soul; enter not into that living death but seek Him who lives that death might die.”  She smiled weakly and committed all her griefs and tomorrows to the One who best could keep them.
The healing had begun and Serafia soon came to find peace and joy, even in the midst of what seemed unbearable grief.  Ever despair knocked at the door of her heart but she would not let it in.  To give up when so much had been sacrificed that she might live was the last insult she wished to pay to so great a gift.  Not only had her brothers died to save her, but so had the Master.  How could she spurn such a gift?  When strength had returned to heart and mind, she besought the Lady’s blessing and was soon admitted to the ranks of the Brethren, that she might do for others what had so graciously been done for her.
Sehra soon found herself with a new apprentice.  There were few women among the Brethren and barely any amongst the Messengers.  Sehra had had only one other apprentice in over two hundred years of service to the Lady.  It was not long before the Lady found a strange assignment befitting their peculiar status.  However, the girl was not allowed to leave Astoria before she was proficient with a blade and had a basic knowledge of the Law, the Truth, and the various aspects of lore.  Finally, the Lady declared them ready and they were soon in the saddle, off to adventures unknown.  The darkness had passed for Serafia, and though grief occasionally cast shadows upon her heart, she was able to bear each day with an unshakable trust in the Master and His faithfulness.
They rode deep into the southwest of the world, for the Queen of Calinita was in dire need of their help: her heir had gone missing, as had several of her sisters.  Whether treachery by the aunts or whether all were victims of some devious plot, the Queen knew not.  She was much encouraged to receive the Lady’s emissaries and said, “I have but one daughter and she has suddenly disappeared, as have my three sisters.  Our country is ruled only by women of the royal line, and if that line is broken, a bitter feud between the noble families will ensue, which may result in civil war or shatter our country into smaller countries, each ruled by their individual noble house.
No one knows what came of the four and whether my sisters are victims or villains.  If something should happen to me and there is no heir to take my place, chaos is the best we can hope for.  The guards, the servants, and the court know nothing of what came of the four, else someone is lying and I know it not.  I have revealed your coming to no one and I advise you to keep your true allegiance to yourselves lest treachery arise again from sources unknown.  I need you to find my daughter and sisters and discover whoever is behind this plot.  As women, no one will suspect you to be other than what I tell people you are, for who has heard of a female warrior?”  
Sehra said, “and whom shall we be to everyone save yourself?”  
The Queen smiled, “I would like the girl to pose as a visiting daughter of some royal family and a possible bride for my son.  You may be her doting governess.  If my son marries and a girl child is born, she may inherit the throne but a male or an outlander will never reign in Calinita.”
Sehra said, “Majesty, I do not like deceiving your people, but I see no other way of discovering what we must.  How shall we begin?”  
The Queen said, “I know it is a difficult thing I ask, but the peace of my country and the lives of my daughter and sisters depends upon secrecy.  The girl should infiltrate the court and ask whatever questions she will of whomever she will and I know you can tell a lie if one is spoken.  For one aspiring to such a position, it will be seen as natural that she take an interest in such a happening within the royal line.”  
Sehra looked to Serafia and said, “the choice is yours, are you ready for such an endeavor?”  
Serafia looked nervous but said, “it will be challenging but for the sake of all involved, I shall do my best, though I fear I know little of the ways of the royal court.”  
The Queen smiled, “fear not, for any deviations from proper behavior will be seen as the result of your status as an outlander, for in Calinita it is thought that all outlanders must be a bit odd.”  The Brethren bowed and went to prepare for their investigation.  The Queen had provided them with elegant rooms and clothing that would fit the parts they were to play.  
Serafia laughed, “and to think I shall be the one in charge.”  
Sehra smiled, “you are no more in charge than I am a governess.  Try and remember that.”  
Serafia laughed, “you sound a proper governess, are you sure you have not missed your true calling?”  Sehra gave her a patient look as they dressed for dinner.  Serafia had all the charm and beauty a young princess could hope to possess, though in her heart she felt more a shepherdess in an elegant dress.  Sehra looked a matronly woman of middling age who would brook no nonsense from her charge, just what one would look for in a governess of such an adventurous lass as Sehra seemed to be.  
There was much chatter over supper and many introductions to the young visitor from some undisclosed country in the east.  All were disturbed by the recent sinister happenings within the royal family and welcomed this distraction wholeheartedly, save perhaps those that wished to gain by the nefarious disappearances.  The young prince was most intrigued.  Calinitan law held that he would marry whomever his mother declared a suitable bride, but she had said nothing to him of the young beauty who now graced the evening meal.  After the meal, the tables were cleared and a minstrel played quietly in the background while the dinner guests mingled and spoke with one another.  Many were those curious over the prospective bride, not least of which was the prince.  The young man approached, bowed regally, and kissed her proffered hand.  Serafia blushed like a sunset and her mentor shook her head in amusement.  He spoke, “welcome to Calinita my lady.  From whence do you come?”  
Serafia said, “I was born and raised in Dalkin.”  
The boy said, “you certainly come of much property or a noble lineage in that far off land?”  
Serafia laughed, “my origins would be considered quite humble by the standards of your Highness and his court.”  
He laughed, thinking her overly modest, “my mother would let me court none unworthy.”  
She smiled, “then I am glad your mother finds me thus.  It saddens me to hear of your sister and your aunts.  What think you of their sudden disappearance?”  
The boy said, “what is anyone to think?  Though it pains my mother deeply and thus myself.  Your presence eases what pain there otherwise might be.”
Serafia said, “your heart does not ache to think that you may never see them again or that some foul fate has befallen them?”  
The boy shrugged, “my aunts were ever overbearing in their manner towards me and my business.  My sister was heir and ever my mother’s favorite thus our enmity was assured.  Affection grows ill in such soil.  You think it strange that my heart is so little moved?”  
Serafia said sadly, “it is a sorrow to lose one’s relatives but even more a grief to care nothing for them while they are still with us.  I knew you not to be such a heartless man.”  
The boy drew himself up, “I am no heartless wretch and hope to prove it ere you leave.  I am simply not moved as deeply by their vanishment as some are wont to be.  Would you have me be other than I am?”  
The girl said, “I would never have you other than yourself.  Have you not thought about searching for them?”  
The boy laughed bitterly, “and what would that avail me?  It might be a noble pursuit but how shall I start?  They vanished as if magicked away in the night.  The guards saw nothing, no servant glimpsed anything, so where am I to start?”  Both of the Brethren knew immediately that the boy was not telling the truth.  Seeing that he had not impressed the intriguing lady he said, “this has certainly not been a good beginning.  Let us begin anew tomorrow.  Would you accompany me on a ride in our pleasant woods?”  
Serafia said, “if you are willing that my governess attend us?  I should not be long out of her keeping else certain persons would not be well pleased.”  
The boy smiled a bit disappointedly, “if it is the only way to assure your company then she may ride with us.”  
Serafia smiled and said, “then we shall see you tomorrow.”  He bowed politely and retreated into the milling crowd.  Other courtiers pressed in, eager to make the girl’s acquaintance.
The Queen circulated briefly into their company and was disturbed to learn that her son was the only lead they had discovered in the disappearance of his sister and aunts.  She said, “it is not surprising though not cheering.  Ever has he yearned for something more than to be brother to a Queen yet the laws of the country are against him.  Part is my fault, for I was kinder to his sister than ever I was to him.  There is certainly jealousy enough between them to give him cause for such terrible deeds but what has he done?”  
Sehra said, “perhaps you can again make an inquiry of the guards and servants about the castle when the fell deed took place.  Bring them to some private place and question them; I shall stand just out of sight and will know if any answers with an untruth.”  
The Queen said, “it shall certainly be as you say.  When shall this questioning recommence?”  
Sehra said, “have we time tonight?  The girl is to ride with your son tomorrow and I would know who the villains are ere we set forth.”  
The Queen nodded, “it may mean little sleep for either of us but let it be as you say.”  
They withdrew, the Queen obviously bored with the evening’s functions and the visiting girl tired by her journey.  Once they had withdrawn, the true speculation began about the mysterious girl and the future of the country.  Serafia went to bed and Sehra and the Queen stayed up late into the night questioning again those guards and servants about the castle on the infamous night.  They went through the entire staff but found no one who told a lie as to where they had been or what they had seen.
“Is this all of them?” asked the disappointed Sehra.  
The Queen said, “all but four guards and two servants.  The guards are on patrol and the two servants are attending some of the young lords on a hunting excursion.  They will be back in the morning and we shall accost them then.”  Sehra nodded grimly and withdrew to the chambers she shared with her apprentice.  They awoke early and were summoned to a private breakfast with the Queen.  She welcomed them warmly and said to Sehra, “the guards and servants in question did not return as expected.  The guards have deserted and the servants are dead, killed on the hunting trip by some terrible beast that tore them to shreds.  The young lords were quite put out to have to dress their own game; they shed not a tear for their slain companions.  The men rode out hunting and returned to find the servants as I have described.”  
Sehra shuddered at such a thought saying, “what shall come of our ride with your son?  Certainly these men must have been involved in the disappearance of your daughter and sisters and whoever is behind the plot is making sure they are not around to betray the secret.  I fear it might be your son.”  
The Queen said, “it is at your own discretion to go on this ride.  It will be dangerous but perhaps our only chance to learn what has befallen my daughter.”  
Sehra nodded, “then we had best go prepare.”  The Queen nodded grimly as the Brethren bowed themselves from her presence.
Serafia said, once they were back in their chambers, “is this ride really as dangerous as you think it might be?”  
Sehra nodded, “I think the prince involved in some plot against the throne and I think he will stop at nothing to see that he gets what he wants.  I am afraid that you have caught his fancy and may wish to force himself upon you, but this might be our best chance of catching him in some treason.”  
Serafia nodded grimly and said, “then we had best be about it.”  Sehra smiled at her apprentice’s courage and together they dressed for their excursion.  
The prince met them in the courtyard; their mounts were saddled and ready for the ride.  He smiled pleasantly but an unsettling eagerness seemed to dwell barely contained, beneath his calm exterior.  He welcomed his guests, complimented their riding garb and their excellent mounts, and then they rode off into the growing day.  Once free of the city, they raced across the open lands and then slowed to a more sedate pace as they entered the woods.  Sehra pulled back a safe distance, seeming to give the lovers privacy but actually to better keep watch on this fateful ride, for she felt deep in her bones that this was no simple lark on a summer’s day.  The day passed from pleasant to sultry and all eagerly agreed to rest beside a brook flowing fast and cold.  After a pleasant lunch and refreshing themselves in the brook, they made to mount again but the unicorns were uneasy, as if they smelled something to which they could put no name.  The Brethren looked about concernedly but could see no reason for their mounts’ alarm.  The prince was mounted and seemed to be waiting patiently for his companions to do the same.
They rode on again, going deeper into the woods and the prince said to Serafia, “what think you of being my wife when I become King?”  
Serafia said in some confusion, “but I thought the laws of your country prohibit such a thing?”  
The boy laughed, “old fashioned thinking must give way to changes in the times and philosophy.  My mother cannot see it but certain factions within the court and beyond are more than happy to aid me in my endeavors.”  
Serafia said, “and who would these nefarious personages be?”  
The boy laughed again, “ah my dear, someday you will learn not to question me, but for now I shall humor you, if only to gain your love.  An exiled Count of your very land came to me and promises his aid in securing the throne if he is allowed certain privileges once I am crowned.  It was he that aided in the disappearance of my sister and aunts, the corruption of four of the guards, and the murder of two knowledgeable servants.  All in all, a perfect scheme with none the wiser.  All that remains is for some tragedy to befall my mother that I may stand up and calm the aggrieved people.  With you at my side, they will be eager to acknowledge me, for I am of the royal line and will produce a proper heir, whereas if I stood forth simply as a man with no hope of perpetrating the line, my scheme would likely fail.  They will think me a steward to the throne but I shall be a permanent steward.  What think you of my little scheme?”
Serafia was quite astonished and horrified that anyone could act thus with their own family and endanger their whole country in the process.  She said in a shaking voice, “what came of your kin and what does this vile man gain after all is accomplished?”  
“Why,” smiled the boy, “he shall be my greatest general and may do as he wishes with the guard.  As for my kin, they yet live but that shall be rectified once I am sure they are of no more use to me.  So will you consent to be my wife or must I force the matter?”  
Sehra rode forward, sword bared, saying, “you have said enough Majesty.  I am placing you under arrest.  Surrender and cooperate and perhaps your life might be spared.”  
The boy laughed coldly, “and who is this overly brave governess?  My dear, you had best rein in your servant lest she cause you both misery.”  As he spoke, the four renegade guards and a sinister man astride some evil looking reptile emerged from the surrounding woods with bows drawn and arrows nocked.  Sehra sighed and sheathed her sword.  
Seregon said, “well met Highness, now let us withdraw to a more comfortable venue that your beloved might discuss this with you in private.  Shall I kill the overly protective wench?”  
The boy smiled coldly, “keep her alive for now, perhaps we can use her for leverage if my beloved thinks to choose poorly.”  Both women glared fiercely but allowed their weapons to be taken and their hands bound.
The unicorns wanted to fight but their masters held them firm.  They made a grim parade as they wound deeper into the forest and came upon an aging fortress that had once watched over several villages, which had been devastated during the Dragon Wars; the land was now abandoned and overgrown with the resurging forest.  They rode into the abandoned structure and the gates closed ominously behind them.  One guard took the horses, two mounted the walls to stand watch, and the fourth went to check on the prisoners.  He returned white faced and said, “my lords, the prisoners are gone.”  
“Gone!” shrieked Seragon, “How?”  
The guard quivered, “they were secure in their cell when we left.  Someone must have come in our absence and freed them.”  
Seragon turned upon the astonished prince, “well?  You were the fool who insisted that I come in our full strength and leave none to guard our prisoners.  If they reach your mother, our plot is ended and I will not consider that a good thing, neither will my dark masters.”  
The prince glowered, “I am the one soon to be bereft of my throne, what cause have you for alarm?”  
The man sneered, “you are but a fool and a pawn.  I will gain the throne myself, but first we must find the prisoners ere they rouse suspicion that will impede my own ascent to the throne.”  
“You?” scowled the boy, “You have even less right to the throne than I!  You will never succeed, nor will I aid you in recapturing your prisoners if these are your true aspirations.”  As this argument was going on, the guards disappeared one by one from their posts, unnoticed by any save the Brethren.  The pair continued to argue until the only guard remaining was the nervous man who had delivered the message.
The prince drew his sword, ready to settle the matter with violence.  The evil man smirked, as if anticipating his final victory in the argument.  They launched into a swirl of steel and death; the women withdrew to a far corner that they might avoid inadvertent injury in the conflict.  While the vile pair was thus occupied, Bard and Kirin jumped out of the shadow of the stables.  Bard covered the surviving guard with his bow while Kirin freed the women.  The frantic guard cherished his life more than his loyalty to the dark man and the treacherous prince, so he held his tongue.  Finally, the embattled pair noticed what had happened.  “You!” howled Seragon as he recognized Bard, who smiled insolently.  
The prince stopped his attack in surprise at the strangers in the forsaken castle.  The guard began to disarm himself, but a glare from Seragon stayed him before he dropped his sword.  Seragon smiled, “it seems it is three against two, as I am sure my two companions will aid me that we might avoid mutual disaster.  Or perhaps the odds are even more in our favor?”  He seemed to strain his mind for a moment and then his face fell.  
Bard laughed, “if you think to summon your foul beast, know that it lies dead in the stable by my hand.”  
The evil man hissed, “but we still outnumber you!”  
Sehra laughed, “you think we unable to defend ourselves?  We are four to your three if pressed.  Surrender and you might gain some advantage of mercy.”  
The evil man snarled, “how did you come to know of my plot?”
Kirin laughed, “it was a tedious ride from Dalkin but we followed the entire way.  We waited until the time was right, freed your prisoners, and now your tyranny shall end one way or another.”  
The man knew he was outnumbered and thought to take the irritating man with him, knowing his own doom was certain and surrender was not an option, he rushed at Bard and the bowstring sang; the arrow buried itself in the man’s chest and soon naught remained but a fetid pool of goo.  The guard and the prince knew themselves outnumbered and surrendered.  Everyone was soon mounted and the Brethren, with their dejected captives, rode back towards the castle, stopping along the way to collect the princess and her aunts.  They were not at all happy to be reunited with the treacherous prince but quite pleased to be free of their captivity.  The aunts spent the entire journey henpecking the distraught prince, by the time they returned to the castle, he felt that perhaps facing the headsman might be a relief.  The court was quite astonished at the revelations; the Queen overjoyed and decimated at the return of her daughter and the treachery of her son respectively.  The guard was easily convicted of treachery and awaited the prescribed sentence, but what was to be done with the prince?
The Queen said, “the law is quite blunt in demanding your head my son.  What have you to say for yourself?”  
The boy shrugged, “I thought it only my due after all I have patiently suffered.  I would do it again had I the chance.  My only regret is not doing away with my sister and aunts sooner.”  The named women squawked in outrage and dismay.  
The Queen sighed, “then I am afraid that there is but one choice.  Were you in the least repentant, I might offer you mercy but it seems that is not likely.”  
The boy glowered at his female relations, “death would be a relief from the constant heckling I receive from you all!”  
The Queen nodded sadly and called the guards to escort her son to the dungeons to await his trial.  She then turned to the Brethren, “this is perhaps the hardest thing I have ever done.  Is there aught else I can do?”  
Sehra shook her head sadly, “no Majesty, there must be a willing and repentant heart for such mercy to have any effect, else he would go on as ever he has.”  
A single tear welled in her eye, “a mother should never have to pass such judgment but a Queen cannot hold back her hand at such treachery.  How is love ever to be mingled with justice?”  
Sehra said gently, “only the Master can have perfect justice and yet allow for love, grace, and mercy.  We can only do our best, which is but a poor imitation but it all comes down to the heart.  A hard heart will have nothing but justice but love and mercy flourish in a humble and broken spirit thus can come redemption.”  
The Queen sighed and said, “it seems I have much to learn on the nature of such things, if only my son were not so stubborn.”  The others shook their heads sadly but there was nothing they could do to change the boy’s heart; he alone was capable of such a feat.  The court was aghast and relieved at the end of the plots.  Those within the court who had plotted with the boy were dealt with and the Brethren rode home.


Chapter 5

Sehra was quite pleased to ride again with her husband across the vast continent back to Astoria.  Serafia was eager to learn what all three of the elder Brethren had to teach her; she rejoiced to learn that things had been resolved in Dalkin, though she could not help but feel a resurgence of grief at the reminder of what had befallen her family and her country.  They had crossed the central plains and had entered the forested east with not much of interest happening upon their journey.
It was a dark night with the waning moon low on the horizon and giving little light.  Bard stood with his back against a tree keeping watch while the others slept.  He was very old for a Messenger and this night his body seemed to be feeling it more than most.  Age did not impede the Brethren as it did other men and not until the very last years of their lives did it become a noticeable problem.  Whatever the cause of his discomfort, Bard certainly remembered this sort of thing being far easier not that many years ago.  His contemplations were cut short as a great pain erupted in his chest.  He had strength enough only to sputter, “Kirin!” before slumping to the ground with a dagger in his chest.  
Kirin had his sword in hand almost before he came awake.  He saw there was little to be done for Bard but leapt at the nearest foe, grieving for his friend.  The ensuing battle roused the women, but to no avail.  One shadowy man swept Serafia from her blankets and into his saddle and galloped off into the night.  Another struck Sehra over the head, rendered her unconscious, and made to steal her away also, but her unicorn unveiled his full glory before the fleeing horse, causing the creature to rear and land atop both the rider and his prisoner.  The unicorn’s grievous scream rent the night and pierced Bard’s heart more keenly than the dagger in his chest.  
Kirin was holding his own against his foe but another rider came up behind him, struck him at the base of the skull, and he fell unconscious or dead.  The rest of the villains fled, leaving the dead and the dying.  Bard’s unicorn raced out of the darkness, anxious to heal his stricken master but he sent the noble beast after Serafia; the others followed with grieving hearts but knew their duty as well as their masters.  Darkness gnawed at the edges of Bard’s vision, when he suddenly saw a hideous serpent coiled upon his chest; this was no mortal snake but some fiend from the pit.  The creature hissed, “I can give her back to you.  I can give you eternal youth.  I can give you whatever your heart desires, if only you will give yourself to the Nameless One.”  
Bard wanted to laugh but the pain was too intense; did the monster think that he would suddenly change his mind after nearly three hundred years in the Master’s service?  “Go away,” gasped Bard.  
The thing laughed evilly and said, “do you think your precious Master can protect you from my master’s minions?  You are a fool!  Either you will surrender willingly or they shall take you once your wounds overcome you.”
Bard followed the thing’s gaze and saw a motley gathering of the most hideous creatures he had ever seen or even imagined.  All were black and had a definite serpentine cast but no two were alike.  Almost twenty of the abominations sat in a small horde off to one side of the dying man.  Some had two heads or seven eyes or three legs or ghastly horns but all had terrible claws and teeth and cruel eyes.  They looked upon the stricken man with vile delight.  “They cannot touch me,” said Bard in one last gasp, as the darkness engulfed him.  His eyes opened and the serpent still lay upon his chest, but he watched from a distance, again dead but trapped in the mortal world.  
The serpent hissed with delight, “now I touch the mortal and you, my pitiful fool, are left to the mercies of the Nameless One!”  The serpent hissed with laughter and vanished into the darkness with amazing speed.  Then the horde of demons was upon Bard.  What they thought they could do to him, he was uncertain, but had he skin they certainly would have torn it off in shreds.  He found himself in the midst of a biting, clawing, writhing mob; he felt himself falling to pieces but was quite certain that was not possible.  The writhing horde suddenly started shrieking, whether in eagerness or despair he was unsure.  Then something happened, something indescribable but very much like an eggshell splitting asunder.  The shrieking intensified and the monsters fled in pain and terror, ceasing to trouble the mortal world.  Where Bard had been, stood moonlight gathered together in the shape of a man but ten times brighter than ever the moon could shine; it set off after the serpent with terrible speed.
Kirin came to himself not long after their attackers had fled.  He summoned his unicorn, who stood nearby; they followed the other unicorns, hoping they did not come too late.  He saw nothing of the strange happenings surrounding Bard, trapped within time as he was.  The fiends had not fled far and they quickly caught up with the rest of the unicorns.  A vile looking serpent sat amidst six men, two of which held Serafia.  She glared defiantly at her captors; the snake seemed to find her defiance somehow amusing.  He seemed to sense the approach of the unicorns, who made to fall upon the apparition with all their fury, but he anticipated them and moved faster than thought.  He hardly seemed to leave his place, but managed to bite each of the noble creatures, who fell to the ground and lay paralyzed in a misery of anxiety and unquenched justice.  Kirin was flung from his saddle, two of the men seized his shoulders, and drove him to his knees near Serafia.
The snake laughed, “excellent, I had thought we might only have one victim but now I see we shall have three.”  
“Three?” asked one of the thugs.  
The serpent laughed, “yes, there is a traitor in your midst.  Bring him forth.”  
Kirin looked more closely at the gathered men and finally recognized Baine amongst them.  The others realized whom the snake was speaking of, and after a short struggle, Baine joined Kirin in a forced crouch before the vile snake.  “Now,” said the serpent, “as soon as my colleagues finish a little business of their own, we can begin.”  
“Begin what?” asked the stunned Baine.  
The snake laughed, “why the very thing for which I assembled this mass of rogues.  Your lives are going to be spent summoning more fiends from the pit into your own precious reality!”  The Brethren shared a horrified look.  The thing could not be serious but he showed no sign that he was joking.  The serpent turned to Baine and said, “you had such a promising career ahead of you.  Why did you fall in with these fools?  I can offer you another chance if you forsake the Master?  The Rose could bloom again.”  Baine laughed the thing to scorn and it snarled at him, “so be it, you have chosen your fate!  I will not bother with the other fool, he has been too long in our enemy’s service, but you, my dear, are another matter.  You have suffered much, but now I offer you a respite from your grief and vengeance upon those who wronged your family and your country.  I will even spare the lives of your friends and the unicorns.  What say you?”
She glared at the vile thing and said, “I have found my place.”  
The thing scoffed, “so be it!  You shall all die, fools.  Now where are the others?  They should have finished that minor task long ago.”  It looked off into the direction from whence they should come and its eyes widened in horror and fear.  The humans looked but could see nothing, save perhaps a hint of moonlight trapped in the thready mist that enwrapped that part of the forest, though Kirin noticed the moon had already vanished beyond the horizon.  The snake snarled, “come closer and they die!  Their blood is on your head if you do not stay your advance.  Hear me fool!”  The apparition did not cease its advance, it seemed to have one purpose and that was to expel the abomination from the lands of men.  “I mean it!” snarled the snake, “Stop!”  The moonlight incarnate did not heed the beast and pressed forward towards the vile snake.  In near hysteria, the snake screamed to his henchmen, “kill them both!”  
The men thought the creature mad but feared him too much to question him.  They drew their swords and swiftly dispatched Kirin and Baine.  Their bodies had hardly hit the ground before they were released from their mortal bonds and could now see what was causing the snake such panic.  They very nearly panicked themselves, but knew the luminescent form did not heed their presence, as it reached hands of cold fire towards the reptile.  The thing shrieked like a wind from the void as its mortal shell fell to ashes; the demon fled into the darkness like a scalded cat.  The moment the light creature touched the monster, all became visible to the living as it was to the dead.
When things could not possibly get any more chaotic, the stricken unicorns whinnied for joy, leapt to their feet, and herded the fleeing villains back towards the brilliant form.  Suddenly all were driven to their knees by an irresistible Presence of awe and fear.  The apparition seemed somewhat confused but went to its knees with all the rest.  The Master stood before them in all His glory and looked upon the scene with a combination of distaste and amusement.  He touched His horn to the apparition, the light suddenly vanished, and a rather dazed Bard was left in its stead.  He glanced up in horror, embarrassment, and confusion to see the presence of the Master before him.  He said meekly, “what just happened?”  
The Master laughed and all creation seemed to share a secret smile.  Then He said, “the vile servants of the Enemy are ever trying to subvert, break, or ignore the rules by which creation is governed and ever must I mend what they mar.  I forbid them from entering into a sapient being against that creature’s will, so they tried their hand at drawing themselves into the mortal sphere in all manner of vile forms.  They also chose to try their power against Mine.  They manhandled one of My servants and were burned by the encounter with My might.”  
Bard said quietly, “was that me?  I do not feel as if I had any conscious say in what happened.”  
The Master smiled in amusement, “nay My son, it was My power within you, which they loosed by trying to unmake your soul.  Only I have that power and I will not exercise it.  They brought My wrath upon themselves and thus ended their own schemes.  Never more will they be allowed to meddle in this manner, but they will not learn from their errors and leave well enough alone.  They will try other methods to wreak havoc upon mortals, thus My servants must continue in their vigilance.  Now we must address the tragedy of this night.”  
He looked sadly upon the human perpetrators of the crime and said, “you five have dabbled in things in which no mortal should have a part.  You have wronged Me, My servants, and all creation.  What have you to say for yourselves?”  Four glowered, glared, sneered, or otherwise showed open hostility to their Maker, even on their knees before Him.  
The fifth bowed his head and said, “I have done terrible things and know whatever be Your judgment, it is just.  I ask Your forgiveness and the forgiveness of all I have wronged.  Do unto me as You must, but remember me not in anger.”  He looked up and tears ran down his cheeks.  
The Master nuzzled him gently and said, “My son, you are forgiven, though you must never endeavor to such darkness again.  Instead, you must serve Me with all your life and breath and being.”  
Utter astonishment and greatest joy shone upon the man’s face as he said, “I am yours till death and ever after.”  
The Master smiled and said, “then taste of My blood and seal yourself as My servant.”  A horrified look crossed the man’s face, but he did as he was bidden and thus joined the ranks of the Brethren.  The Master then looked upon the four unrepentant men and said with utmost grief, but with the finality of the headsman’s axe, “you have chosen your fate, vanish now into the void of your own making, never again to feel My presence.”  The men continued to sneer upon their Maker and suddenly vanished.  Those that remained, shuddered in horror and sorrow.  He then addressed Serafia, “you have suffered much child, but know I bear your sorrow that you might share My joy.  Fear not for your loved ones, for they are in my keeping and await you there.”  
Tears of joy ran down her cheeks and she flung her arms gratefully around His arching neck.  He then turned to his murdered servants and said, “you yet have duties to be about and cannot accomplish them in your current forms; I shall restore you to life anew.”  He turned His fathomless eyes upon Bard and said, “I have called your wife home but it shall not be long ere you see her again.  Your lifespan is now counted in days rather than years, but those days shall pass quickly, as there is much you have yet to accomplish.  Until then, remember I am ever with you all!”  Suddenly He was gone and all again drew breath.  There was much embracing, joy, and sorrow.  The former bandit stared in complete disbelief, not quite understanding what had just happened.
The three restored from death were exhausted and needed to rest several weeks before they could again travel, but they used the time effectively to introduce their new comrade to his new occupation and to continue Serafia’s education.  She felt a bit awkward to be the only woman in the party, but such was the conscientiousness of the male Brethren that it did not last long.  Sehra’s unicorn soon claimed the former bandit as his own, and once all were recovered, they set forth for Astoria.  All grieved for Sehra, but Bard was comforted to know they would not be long sundered.  Serafia especially was crushed, but she fought back the grief and despair and faced each morning with her courage renewed.  They finally reached Astoria and the Lady was silent with astonishment as the tale was told.  She welcomed her newest servant, reassigned Serafia to another Mentor, and after dismissing the others, she spoke to Bard alone.  She smiled sadly, “it seems I only have the honor of your service for a short time.  You certainly look well for one on borrowed time.  How fares your heart?”
Bard smiled sadly, “in a way Lady, it is a relief.  I have outlived all my friends, family, and former colleagues.  My heart yearns for eternity; I am ready whenever the Master calls.  I am old at heart though my face is again young.”  
The Lady laughed, “many would kill to know the secret of looking again twenty five, especially at nearly three hundred years of age!”  
Bard could only shake his head, “the Master only knows why my physical youth has been restored though my soul is old as ever.  Perhaps whatever He means me to accomplish requires a semblance of youth, or perhaps He knew how old I felt that fateful night and took pity on me?”  
She laughed, “whatever the cause, I am glad to have you home, if only for a short time.  Rest today and I shall brief you upon your next assignment tomorrow.”  
He smiled broadly and bowed himself from her presence.  He met Kirin in the corridor outside the Lady’s familiar chambers.  Together they went to dinner and on the morrow presented themselves before the Lady as she had asked.  She said, once they had bowed themselves into her presence, “as Bard has only a finite time in which I may exploit his formidable talents, I am sending you both out immediately to take advantage of what time he has left.  Word has reached me that there is a peculiar band of rogues inhabiting the Northern Frontier.  They seem to think that by robbing the wealthy and giving to the poor, whoever they might be, that banditry is somehow justified; ride forth and discover these curious philanthropists and see if you cannot put an end to their intriguing philosophy.”  They exchanged an amused look and left her presence.

They rode off towards the Frontier and Kirin asked of Bard, “this might be your last mission for the Lady.  How do you feel?”  
Bard smiled, “any moment may be our last.  What kind of a question is that?  I am certainly ready when the Master calls but I was just as ready to give my life in His service two hundred years ago!”  
Kirin laughed, “I suppose you are right.  It is just that most of us get no warning of our own imminent doom.”  
Bard laughed, “none of the Brethren have ever lived past three hundred years and I am very nearly that old.  It was bound to end soon, one way or another.”  
Kirin grinned, “as a mere youth of only two centuries, I shall bow to your superior wisdom, but I must say it is rather unfair that you also retain all the semblance of youth.”  
Bard smiled, “it will be interesting to see why my vigor has returned, there is certainly a reason; I doubt the Master gave me back my physical youth to sooth my vanity.”  They shared a laugh and continued on into the wilds of the North.  It did not take long to discover the vicinity haunted by the peculiar bandits: rumor was strong and travelers avoided that area as if it contained the plague.  Naturally, the Brethren rode straight through the heart of that country.  The bandits were more than happy to oblige them.  A dozen rogues, dressed in varying shades of green and brown, surrounded the travelers.  The leader said, “hand over your wealth, cause no problems, and we shall spare your lives.”  
Bard said, “just the man I was hoping to meet.”  
The masked leader gaped, “you know me?”
Bard laughed, “no, but we were sent to find you.  We hear you have a new approach to banditry?”  
The man smiled and said, “so, we are famous now are we?  Or perhaps I should say infamous?  That is good to know.  It makes all the work almost worth it.  We are quite fond of our little business model whereby we take from the rich and give to the poor.  Quite ingenious, really.”  
Kirin asked, “and who are these poor that benefit from your charity?”  
The bandit smiled and curled his thin moustache, “why, thus far it is me and my merry band, but if we ever have enough resources to aid others in worse straits than ourselves, we shall certainly oblige them.”  
Bard laughed, “and how can it be considered charity to take what is not yours by force and give it to others?  Were it not better if you earned your own money that you might do with it as you please?  Else it is just a pleasant way to speak about robbery.”  
The bandit shrugged, “it suits us well enough; I really could care less on your personal opinion of our philosophies, though I fear you do us all a great disservice in your assumptions.  Now if you would be so kind as to let us ransack your persons, we can both get on with our various errands.”  The men went through the saddlebags, belt pouches, and pockets but came away with nothing much of interest.  The bandit was not well pleased and said, “this shall never do!  Why the poor shall starve at this rate.  As it is, we will soon have to find another area to raid as travelers now avoid this area; we have no one to prey upon!  At least we can take your horses as a little compensation.”
Bard laughed, “I do not think that a wise idea.”  
The man looked surprised, “you threaten me?”  
Kirin smiled, “we do not but our mounts might.”  
The man laughed, “you think your horses will come to your defense?”  
Bard said, “ours and their own.  They are rather fussy about who they let ride them.”  
The man scoffed, “and what nonsense is this?  Any horse can be trained to obey another master; I will show you.”  He walked directly up to the nearest unicorn, who had thus far seemed rather disinterested in the whole affair.  When the impertinent man tried to take his reins without so much as asking, the creature revealed his true form, reared, and screamed his outrage.  The man hastily retreated, “I can see why you might say such things after all.  I had almost thought the Brethren a myth but your friend there certainly seems to testify to your existence.  Are you come then to arrest me?  We do have you outnumbered.”  
Bard nodded, “you seem a reasonable man for a bandit and I had hoped to persuade you to find some more honorable line of work.”  
The entire band laughed and the leader said, “a nice fancy that, but I like our noble enterprise.  Now run along before we grow impolite.”  
Bard said, “I do have one last question.”  
The man said, “I shall humor you this once.”  
Bard asked, “where did you acquire your curious philosophy?”  
The man laughed, “I stole it from some old kook who wanders about the streets of Kirloft proclaiming the glories to come if we all abide by such a motto; I thought it rather handy and adapted it to my own needs.  Any other foolish questions or may we be on our way?”  
Bard bowed, smiled, and said, “I thank you for our lives.  May the Master ride with you.”  The men laughed and vanished again into the forest.
As the Brethren rode onward, Kirin said quietly, “what are we to do about your genial bandits?  We cannot leave without seeing that they no longer threaten innocent travelers.”  
Bard nodded, “they will face justice but we cannot mete it out alone.”  
As he spoke, a band of horsemen approached them upon the road.  The captain signaled his men to halt and rode forward to meet the strangers, saying, “have you happened upon the bandits said to haunt these woods?  We were sent to see that their menace is ended by the united people of the Frontier.”  
Bard nodded sadly, “they accosted us not a half mile from here.”  
The captain smiled his thanks, rode back to his men, and passed along the message.  The men eagerly set forth to end the menace of the bandits.  
Kirin said, as the men rode away, “that is finished, now what?”  
Bard said, “I think we need to seek out this prophet in Kirloft and see what it is he truly preaches.”  Intrigued, Kirin nodded his agreement and they set off for the largest (and only) city in the Northern Frontier.  Kirloft was a unique gathering place of honest merchants and hunted despots; it contained all one could hope for, or dread from, such a mingling of all the Northern Frontier had to offer.  They rode into town unremarked by anyone, for two more mounted men in the teaming throng were nothing to be concerned about.


Chapter 6

They found a room at one of the less seedy inns in town, left their mounts, and went in search of the strange prophet whom the bandits said lingered about the town square.  It was market day and the square was packed with vendors and those seeking their wares.  Standing on an upturned crate in the midst of the throng was a rather shabby man in a long robe.  His head was shaved but his beard looked like an untamed river of hair.  A small crowd had gathered to hear him speak, some seemed rapt upon his words while others seemed to listen only for amusement.  
The two Brethren joined the small audience and listened as he expostulated, “the source of all human folly is pride: pride in accomplishments, possessions, power, appearance and anything else over which men have a tendency to worry and fuss.  Without pride, there would not be wars, poverty, and other evils perpetrated between men.  Men would be content with their lives and happy to help their neighbors.  From whence does pride spring?  Pride springs from a disparity between men in anything but most especially power, wealth, and property.  If all men were equal as regards these three then we would be very close to ending the ills that haunt humanity from within.  Sharing everything in common reduces and perhaps eliminates pride.  But there are those unwilling to give up their wealth to those in need, who will not support their poorer neighbors unless forced.  We should cling to this ideal, for it shall guarantee a bright future for humanity!  We must pursue it with all that is within us, even with violence, if necessary.  If the current leaders will not bow to the voice of the people, let us appoint those that will.”  At this, there was a little cheering from two or three people, but most warily eyed the city guards standing nearby, keeping a sharp ear and eye upon the gathering.
The man continued his expostulations as Bard approached the pair of guards and asked, “we are newly arrived in town.  This seems a strange attraction for the public square.  Why is he allowed to broach anarchy and rebellion?”  
The guards eyed the strangers curiously and one finally said, “it would be better to direct your curiosity elsewhere but I will humor you for now.  The man arrived in town several months ago and has been preaching thus ever since.  The Mayor and his Council would gladly expel him, but the people seem to favor him and they fear more of an uprising if he is removed than if he is allowed to continue.  Thus we must stand here day after day and listen to his nonsense and hope no one takes it into their head to act upon it.”  
Bard asked, “is he alone in his opinions or are there others who share his strange beliefs?”  
The guard laughed, “they say he comes from a sort of commune somewhere on the plains but I cannot imagine people willingly living in such a system.”  
Kirin asked, “how do the people feel about his ideals?”  
The guard said grimly, “it is hard to say.  They fear openly expressing their support but I think there are many who would like a change in leadership whether they actually care much at all for his other ideals; some will take any opportunity to cause trouble.”  
They thanked the guards for their time and stood silently by, waiting for the man to be alone that they might talk.  Afternoon sunk into evening and the vendors packed up and went home.  Even the most stalwart supporters finally grew tired and left.  The man eyed them curiously, knowing they had lingered the entire afternoon.  He smiled blandly at them and motioned for them to follow.  Silently they complied and made their way to a modest inn where the man ordered a bowl of broth and a bit of bread.  As he partook of this simple meal, he said, “I see you are curious about either me or my words, gentlemen.  How may I be of assistance?”  
Bard smiled and said, “we ran across some bandits in the woods not far from here who appealed to your philosophies as the source of their own and were curious of the veracity of their report.”  
The man smiled blandly again and said, “I have heard of these bandits but you cannot blame me for their delusions.”  
Bard laughed, “I do not blame you for their folly; they alone are accountable for that but it seems you at least inspired their theory of taking from the rich to give to the poor, namely themselves.  From whence do your ideals spring and are there others that share your vision?”  
The man said, “I come from a small village in the midst of the plains where all hold to this ideal.  We share everything in common and all live in the greatest peace and contentment.  As our population has grown, some have felt the need to go abroad and share our message for we hope ours is the hope of humanity.”
Bard said, “while your ideals are interesting and commendable for those willing to live by them, your message of imposing these ideals upon others is cause for some concern.  Would this not be as much a tyranny as refraining from giving aid to the needy?”  
The man smiled, as he might at an ignorant but eager child, “certainly there is some small measure of evil in imposing our desires upon others by force, but the evils that will be prevented are far greater, thus in the end it is a positive thing.”  
Bard said, “you cannot use evil to procure good; the end does not justify the means!”  
The man smiled patronizingly, “you sound a perfect moralist.  But experience in the wide world will quickly teach you that perfect morals cannot survive in an imperfect world.  Only by enforcing morality upon the masses can we bring about the revolution that is needed to ensure the future of humanity.”  
Bard said, “but why look to flawed humanity to save or correct itself?”  
The man laughed mockingly, “and in what else would you trust?  Dragons and unicorns have nothing to offer human society.  Perhaps you think some superior being the hope of the nations?  I have seen nothing to convince me that there is aught else but ourselves to depend upon.  Trust your precious Master if you must but he is no help to floundering humanity.”  
Bard smiled sadly, “how come you to believe thus?”  
The man laughed, “how do any of us come to the conclusions we come to?  I have looked into many alternatives and thought deeply upon all aspects of my philosophy and am content.  What of you?”
Bard said, “we are quite willing to wager our lives upon our own convictions.”  
The man smiled, “perhaps we do not agree philosophically but I can see you are men of high ideals and deep conviction, which in these strange days is quite rare.  Most men are blown about hither and thither with the prevailing winds.  Perhaps a visit to my village will open your minds?  Afterwards, perhaps we may explore further those things you seem to hold dear.  It could be an experience of mutual benefit.”  
Bard smiled, “I think that would be a very interesting idea but what of your following in Kirloft?”  
The man laughed, “perhaps some time away shall be good for both myself and my audience.  Perhaps they shall be all the more eager to listen upon my return?”  
Bard said, “then we shall ride when you are ready.”  
The man laughed warmly, eager to show these infidels the truth of the matter.  Such fervent believers could be of much use to his cause if they could but come to see the truth.  He said, “we leave first thing in the morning.”  They agreed upon a time and place and bid their new acquaintance farewell.  
Alone in their room, Kirin said, “is this a proper use of your fading days?”  
Bard laughed, “and what makes these days any different than every other day I have lived?  Is it not our duty to see that all men hear of the Master?  These people are in dire need of our message and there may be more to this scheme than is at first apparent.  We shall go, if only to witness to these people of what they are truly missing, but we shall also make sure there is not something more sinister beneath the surface.  They will live as they please but we must give them the chance to hear.”  Kirin nodded his agreement and they both sought their beds.
They arose early, met their host at the appointed place and time, and made an early start.  His horse was a rangy thing but was possessed of both speed and endurance.  He could not match a unicorn but he was not a hindrance to their travel any more than a horse was wont to be.  They traveled unhindered by any of the dangers and delays so often found upon the road.  As they traveled, they tried to speak with their host about his curious beliefs but he only smiled and said they must wait to reach his village to witness it for themselves; he also refrained from asking anything of their own peculiar truths.  They spoke of many things and found him quite knowledgeable in a limited number of subjects, but in the areas in which he was comfortable, he was quite proficient.  He in turn, was intrigued by the many tales and histories told by the Brethren.  After an agreeable journey, they arrived in the small village in the very midst of the Plains, far from any other human habitation that they might not be harassed or unduly influenced by outsiders.  
It was late afternoon as they approached the village and the villagers were just finishing a long day in the fields.  They looked upon the newcomers with curiosity and trepidation but their fear vanished as they recognized one of their own.  They quickly finished their work and hurried into town to see what news the strangers had to tell.  The entire village soon knew of their coming and gathered on the village green, where a stern looking man in his middle years stood waiting for them.  As they rode in and dismounted, the stern man said, “Vilhelm, who are these strangers you bring into our midst?  New converts I hope, else we want nothing to do with them.  Why have you abandoned your efforts in Kirloft?  These pilgrims, if pilgrims they be, could have made their way here unattended.”  
Vilhelm slid from his saddle, bowed deeply to the seeming leader of the group, and said, “I thought it best to bring these strangers in person that they might find enlightenment.  They are learned men but do not yet understand the import of our dearly held beliefs.  The people of Kirloft may be more eager to hear my words after a short absence.”  
The man made an indeterminate sound and said, “strange reasoning, but now that they are here I suppose we must accommodate them, but they must abide by our rules whilst in our midst.  You say they are men of learning?  Where have they acquired this knowledge and of what use is it if it causes them to doubt the veracity of what we hold most dear?  Knowledge without wisdom only leads to corruption.”  The villagers murmured their agreement, as if a pronouncement had just passed from the lips of one who sits exalted on high.  He turned his eagle’s gaze upon the men, waiting for their answer.
The Brethren bowed to the appropriate degree and Bard began, “we have spent many years in acquiring what knowledge we have but I greatly hope it is tempered with wisdom, for you have spoken truly.  We have come to see this odd concept of yours in action and greatly appreciate your hospitality; we shall be untroublesome guests I hope.”  
The man smirked, “you seem well spoken at least, perhaps we shall find you equally well behaved.  You may stay until you try my patience and then you must either leave or choose to join our commune.  While you are here, you are expected to help as requested; we have neither patience nor resources to spare on idle hands.”  
The Brethren bowed deeply and the people dispersed for their evening meal.  A great pot of some unknown soup bubbled over a fire and there was bread enough for all.  All shared the meal together and helped in cleaning up when it was finished.  All then attended to some small project of sewing or mending until the light failed and then all sought their beds.  They passed several days thus and wondered at how every moment of light was used to accomplish some task, great or small.  Their schedule went by the sun, when it rose so did they.  Even the youngest children were set some simple task to accomplish.  They were certainly hardworking and time was not wasted in idle chatter.  They seemed content in their work but there was no singing or joyful conversation or even laughter.  Each was solemn and fervent in their work.
The Brethren tried often to speak as they hoed weeds or helped peel vegetables for the communal soup pot, but were always greeted with very little in the way of answer or even indifferent grunts.  They confronted Vilhelm on the lack of communication on the part of his fellows and he shrugged, saying, “they feel it a waste of time to gossip and talk of things that do not further our cause.  Idle chatter is just that and is not tolerated by the Lord.  If we are lax in our duties we all will suffer when the crops fail or there is not enough of something to go around.  Each works his hardest knowing the others will chivy him on if he flags or becomes idle.  Hard work is the first principal among our beliefs.”  
Bard asked, “and where did these people come from?  Are they all converts or pilgrims come seeking such a life?”  
The man smiled and said, “they were an ignorant village like so many others when the Lord arrived and showed them the error of their ways and taught them the true way men were meant to live.  A few interested individuals have wandered in thanks to the efforts of those like myself but most were here before the Lord.”  
Bard said a bit sadly, “and how did this Lord of yours impose his will upon them?”  
Vilhelm laughed, “he is quite a formidable individual and such meek villagers were easily swayed to think as he.  The more supportive individuals of his doctrines are abroad trying to garner support in other lands.  The rest stay home and work to support our efforts.”  
Bard said, “do you not think it a bit unfair for your Lord to impose his will upon your people?”  
The man shrugged, “impose is a very harsh word.  Those that disagree are quite welcome to leave.”  
Bard was aghast, “you would make them abandon all their friends and family and everything they once held dear to be free of your odd beliefs?”  
Vilhelm shrugged, “if their former beliefs were that important to them, they should be willing to sacrifice everything to maintain them.  Is that not the true test of a belief system?  If men are not willing to lose everything for a doctrine, it is no doctrine at all.”  
Bard said, “perhaps the doctrine these folk hold most dear is that of kinship and community, and they are willing to sacrifice their freedom to maintain such bonds.”  
Vilhelm shrugged, “then they should be content, for such bonds have been preserved, though perhaps at the cost of their independence.  Are we not stronger together?  More efficient?  Look at ants and bees, they are perhaps the most industrious of natural things.”  
Bard said, “humans are neither ants nor bees.  They are independent, thinking creatures who also happen to be highly social and in need of fellowship with others of their kind.  To recognize the latter while abandoning the first is wholly unnatural.  Society may continue to exist but those so afflicted can no longer be said to truly live.  Take a man’s independence and dignity and you reduce him to little more than a beast, perhaps something more pitiable than a beast: a slave.  At least the beast does not know that it once was a man.”  Several of the nearby villagers stopped their work in the fields and listened with interest to the stranger.  He was bold enough to speak things that had long troubled their hearts but which they were not bold enough to speak themselves.  True, the Lord was only one man but there was something about him that intimidated them all; they feared their fellows would turn upon them if they disobeyed.  They worked for all they were worth but out of fear, not out of goodwill or natural industry.
Vilhelm eyed his fascinated comrades as the words of the stranger began to gnaw at the edges of his mind like so many famished mice.  A great hawk circled overhead, his shadow fell upon the idle villagers, startling them, and they returned to their work, as if they feared the bird might tell the Lord of their shenanigans.  But as each returned to his work, he spoke softly with his neighbors of the words of the stranger.
That night after the sun had retired, they met together secretly to further discuss these curiously rebellious thoughts that so intrigued them.  One small boy was left to watch at the Lord’s window to make certain that he was asleep and none the wiser that his people were discussing things of which he would disapprove.  Vilhelm stood quietly at the back of the eager gathering with a thoughtful look upon his face and Bard held forth on the subject he had begun in the field.  By the time he had finished, the villagers were quite convinced they wanted nothing more to do with the Lord’s enforced customs; it was a thought they had long contemplated secretly but were too afraid to make known.  Vilhelm felt himself conflicted within.  As a loyal man to the Lord, he should say something to end this nonsense but he found himself silently agreeing that the strangers had the right of it.
An owl sat unseen on a thatched roof and watched in astonishment as the villagers yearned for their freedom.  A smile would have graced her lips had she had them.  The other would not be happy but was it not the right of these humans to live as they chose?  The creatures were thinking beasts after all, and not to be treated as horses or sheep.  The other would not agree but he must yield to the will of the villagers.  He had tried his best to tame them, to force the humans to live as the Akoni thought they should, but his efforts had failed and it was time to let them live as humans ought.  The Akoni knew little of human society and the other thought that they should live as the Akoni, save perhaps in more rugged fashion, being little more than the perishable beasts, or perhaps even lower, for had their kind not slain the Master and brought all creation to ruin?
She was of a warmer heart than he.  She actually liked the humans in a strange and distant sort of way.  They were rather amusing to watch and were quite charming in their own odd way.  Her heart ached to see them so downtrodden and afraid.  But they were resilient creatures and would bounce back with hardly a scar from this little experiment.  Her only fear was that the other might take their resistance amiss and change forms to something quite dreadful and be done with them all.  She would have to convince him otherwise.  She flew towards the cottage where the other slept, flew through the open window, and hooted loudly.
The Lord suddenly came awake and the startled child ran to tell the others.  He glared at the one who would dare waken him, and seeing the cause, quickly latched the shutters and confronted his conspecific, who perched upon the bedpost.  “What is it that it cannot wait until morning?” asked he.  
The owl spoke, “your villagers plot against you.  Your schemes have failed.  The strangers have the right of it I think.  You cannot oppress these people any longer.  You must allow them to live their lives as they choose.  They are not sheep that we may herd them nor are we their shepherds.”  
The man sighed, “perhaps you are right but it would make the human problem so much easier if they were more docile.  Part of me wishes to destroy the entire wretched race but if the Master stayed his hand, I must stay mine.  They may yet destroy themselves, as so nearly happened in the Dragon Wars.  You say the strangers are the ringleaders in this rebellion?”  The owl nodded.  He laughed bitterly, “men of learning indeed!  These meddlers must be of that disreputable lot calling themselves the Brethren.  I am sure of it!  Were it not for their meddling, the Wars would have continued and humanity would have been utterly destroyed.
Perhaps there is some way that we can end their tyranny of the mind?  They claim to serve the Master but that is nothing but a lie.  How could the Master have such servants?  Come, we must visit this Astoria and see if there is not some way to end their meddling in affairs not their own.  Masters of lore they consider themselves, hah!  How can they know anything of lore if their lives are so short?  If they lose their knowledge, they lose their power over others.  Perhaps there is a way to accomplish such an end.”  Suddenly another owl stood upon the bed.  The pair winged their way out into the darkness, one eager and the other quite uneasy.
The villagers prepared to face the wrath of their angered Lord but he vanished without a trace and was never seen in that village again.  With the Lord gone, the people eagerly returned to their former way of life; Vilhelm was elected mayor of that village for many years to come.  The Brethren were bidden a fond farewell after they stayed for many days, speaking of the Master and His ways.  Many came to put their trust in Him and joy was restored to their lives.  They rode quickly and soon returned to Astoria, where the Lady greeted them with grim tidings.  The library of Astoria had burned and with it, all the records of all the years since the Beginning.  This revelation was met by much shock and grief on the parts of Bard and Kirin, as it had been by all the Brethren.  They felt that a knife had been driven into their very hearts, but they gathered their courage, and knew this was but a setback and they would press on as ever they had.  Many were the records and tales that might be forever lost, but much still lingered in the minds of the scattered Brethren and this must again be set upon paper.

Adria sat in the flickering light of the candle and sighed.  Her head throbbed and it was well past time she was abed.  She was an eager apprentice of the Philosopher sect and as such, she spent much time in the library studying and copying the various manuscripts and records.  She looked at the volume before her in wonder, it was the original copy of the Truth, as set down by those at the very Beginning.  She had just put the finishing touches on a perfect copy of the great tome.  She carefully returned the original volume to its proper place while the ink of the copy dried.  She returned to her work, closed the book, and carried it back to her quarters.  She would read through her most recent copywork before breakfast and then present it to her mentor.  On a whim, she also borrowed one of the copies of Astoria’s journal, the precious record carefully kept by the first Lady of Astoria.  She would begin to copy that work next and wished to familiarize herself with its contents over the next few days.  Adria was a scholar of the earliest records of the Brethren and was old friends with its founding documents.  She blew out the candle and taking her borrowed books, retreated to her chambers.
Darkness engulfed the library, leaving the pair of mice alone.  “I do not like this,” said the female to the male.  
The male scoffed, “I care not how you feel.  It must be done.  Their library is their very heart.  If we destroy their heart, the whole brotherhood will shrivel and die.”  
The female said, “I do not like destroying knowledge of any kind, especially that which is so dear and vital to certain individuals.”
The male laughed coldly, “what true knowledge can ever be preserved in a book?  It must be remembered by those who bore it witness.  Is it not some sign of the Master’s disfavor that these pathetic creatures have not the lifespans of the other races?  You need not aid me if you find it so distasteful.  Besides, why should we respect their books when they do not even respect our own young ones?  Nothing is too terrible a fate for such creatures.”  
She made a noise of disgust and vanished out of the room.  The male looked around carefully, grateful that the wretched scholar had finally gone to bed.  He had been waiting his chance for hours now.  He resumed a human form and methodically began pulling scrolls, parchments, and books from the shelves and flinging them to the floor.  He found the store of lamp oil and poured this upon the mounds of paper.  He then lit the blaze and flew out the window into the night.  The owl perched upon a distant tower and watched as the room and all its contents burned.  It was not long before the castle was aroused by the conflagration but there was little they could do to spare their precious store of knowledge.  With flagging hearts, they watched the very heart of Astoria burn.  The owl hooted in delight and winged his way north and home.  The female sat upon a distant tower and watched with an aching heart.  She had a favor to ask of these people whom her companion had so terribly wronged but she knew in her heart that they would aid her still.  He would never agree to her idea, thus she kept it from him, but it was the only way she could see to right a grievous wrong.
The blaze had been confined to the library but the Brethren had lost centuries’ worth of knowledge.  Worse, they had lost the Truth, the Law, and the earliest records of the Brethren.  They could probably reconstruct both works, but would it ever be the same?  Most had vast sections of both works memorized, but they ever referred back to the originals, not fully trusting their memories of certain passages.  As they stood about in a mournful throng debating just this, the weary Adria spoke quietly to no one in particular, “but a copy of all three has survived.”  
Her mentor stared at her in disbelief and joy, “are you sure?”  The girl blushed and explained her inadvertent rescue of the journal and the Truth, and also her accidental keeping of a copy of the Common Law longer than she had a right to have it.  Her mentor laughed, “my child, your overzealous studies have saved at least the heart of our knowledge.  Thank the Master for small miracles!”  Word quickly spread of this small mercy and eased many grieved hearts.  The library was a complete loss, but the Brethren quickly rebounded and started putting pen again to paper and recorded all those things that yet existed within the minds of the Master’s servants.  Much was lost but not everything, as some had originally feared.  


Chapter 7

The female Akoni stayed for some time in Astoria and let the grief of the Brethren subside ere she dared ask her favor.  She was heartened to see them quickly setting right the wrong that had so recently beset them, though things could never be again as they had been.  Finally, she gathered her courage and flew to the window of the chamber she knew their leader often inhabited.  She was in form a small sparrow and hardly noticeable to the casual observer.  She nearly fell off her perch when she saw who it was that currently stood before the Lady; she would have smiled had she lips.  She saw again the strangers who had turned the village on its head.  Perhaps they could aid her kind as they had the beleaguered villagers?  She waited for them to finish their conversation and then flew into the center of the room.  She changed form there before them all and enjoyed the utter astonishment that played across their faces.  The two men reached for their swords, thinking some fell demon had come to threaten the Lady.
She said quickly, “I mean you no harm, but come seeking your help.”  
They seemed to know she spoke truly and relaxed their grip on their weapons.  The Lady had regained her composure and said, “who or what are you and what would you have of us?”  
The Akoni said, “my people are the Akoni, a race of shapeshifters who dwell far to the north.  Knowledge of our existence must not be revealed to any others of the race of men; even speaking with you in this manner is nearly anathema to my people but I am desperate.”
The Lady said, “we shall not betray your secret to any others of our kind.  What aid might we be to such a strange and mighty people?”  
The Akoni said, “our natural form is that of a creature known to man as the Snow Falcon.  Some adventurous men made the treacherous trek far to the north and captured one of our younglings.  They injured the parents and took the creature captive, thinking it nothing but a bird.  It has fallen into the hands of one of your kings at great price.  If it is not freed, it will grow up thinking itself a bird rather than a thinking creature.  Much money was paid for the chick and many lives lost in the attempt to capture it.  I need the aid of your servants to rescue our missing child.  The rest of my people have given the child up for lost but I am here to beg your help.”  
The Lady said, “if your people can change form, why can they not rescue the young one?”  
The Akoni said, “we could free the chick but not bear it safely away.  It is not yet able to change form, fly, or otherwise aid our escape.  We do not know the ways of men well enough to attempt a subterfuge, that is why I ask your help.”  
The Lady said, “we shall certainly aid you!  Would it not be best to tell humanity of the existence of your people, that this tragedy not be repeated?”  
The Akoni said, “my people fear it might only result in more tragedy were our existence known.  My people hold humanity in contempt for your dealings with the Master in the Beginning, but I have found you quite different than you are rumored to be among my own kin.  There is also something you must know ere you risk your lives on our behalf; it was another of my kind that destroyed your library.”
The Lady was silent a moment and said, “it is a relief to know it was not someone within my own keep and to know that the guards did not let someone intent on mischief pass through inadvertently.  Forgiveness is a great part of who we are, thus we will still attempt this venture.  Fear not, for we shall try and free your youngster.”  
The Akoni was astonished, “you have my deepest thanks though my people shall never humble themselves to pay a mere human such a respect.  I shall aid your servants as I may in this endeavor.  When shall we leave?”  
The Lady smiled, “they shall leave as soon as they have packed for the journey.”  
She looked to Kirin and Bard, “it seems your next adventure is before you.  May the Master ride with you.”  They bowed deeply and went to prepare for their journey.  
The Akoni smiled at their eagerness and haste, “I think you have chosen wisely Lady, they acted with much honor in that poor village which was under the sway of the same one who destroyed your library.  I bid you farewell.”  
The Lady said, “may the Master ride with you all.”  
They had yet to unpack from their return journey so had only to restock their supplies and replace damaged or lost equipment; they were very soon on their way, which was quite pleasing to the Akoni.  She was quite astonished at the pace their mounts could set, almost as amazed as they that she could speak while in the form of a hawk perched upon their saddlebags.  Bard said, “caution often keeps us from properly introducing our mounts to others, as should be proper between all sapient creatures.”  
She laughed, “you cannot tell me you claim sapience for your horses?”  
Bard laughed and said, “I shall let them disclose their true forms.”
For a moment, a pair of unicorns ghosted along the road where once common horses had run.  They frisked and bucked in joy before clothing themselves again in lesser visage.  The Akoni was quite astonished, “to think that they would allow themselves to be so used?  Does it not abase their dignity?”  The unicorns both snorted in indignation and the Akoni laughed, “it seems my misunderstanding is more of an effrontery than any use to which you might put such noble creatures.”  
Bard smiled, “think you any man could tame such a noble and terrible creature?  They bear us of their own free will, it is for this purpose they were made and they will not be found remiss in their duties.  As we have dedicated our lives to the Master’s service, so have they in serving us with all their great and noble hearts.  As we give our lives willingly for others, so they too will sometimes trade their lives for ours, though it is a terrible grief to those who receive their greatest gift.”  
Bard’s mount snorted in agreement and the Akoni laughed, saying, “I beg your pardon my fine sir.  Be not angry at my ignorance.  It is a great honor you bestow upon your worthy friends and I would not belittle it, even inadvertently.”  The unicorns seemed mollified and they traveled on in jovial company.  As they rode, they spoke often of what was known of the people who held the youngster.  He was a captive in Galinar, a country in the southeast of the world, whose king was fond of every sort of hunting; he had many raptors and the finest kennel of hounds in the known world.
The Brethren presented themselves to the Lady’s Advisor to the King to inquire of circumstances in the Kingdom of late.  Dunnok eagerly welcomed his comrades; the Akoni secreted herself in Kirin’s belt pouch in the guise of a mouse.  Once they were alone in his quarters, Dunnok said, “and what errand brings you to my door?”  
Bard laughed, “and who is to say this is an errand of necessity?”  
Dunnok smiled, “the Lady does not oft send her Messengers hither and thither on social calls.”  
Bard sobered and said, “you are right my friend.  We come on a matter of great importance and secrecy.  It may seem to you a fool’s errand and a treachery of the least kind against those you are here to serve, but a sapient creature is held against its will by the King of this land though he knows it not.”  Dunnok gave him a confused look and Bard exchanged an amused smile with Kirin.  The mouse crawled from his pocket, sat in the middle of the floor, and assumed a human form.  
She smiled at Dunnok’s astonishment, but he regained his poise admirably and said, “you had best tell me what is going on.”  Bard quickly recounted their tale thus far and he agreed to keep the Akoni’s secret as well as to aid his comrades.  He said grimly, “we must certainly free the creature but the King is loath to part with his hawks; they are his pride and all his joy.  He would sooner lose one of his children than one of his birds.  It will not be easy to free the creature unseen and unnoticed; if you are caught, the penalty shall certainly be death.  It is considered high treason to meddle unbidden with the King’s falcons; he has assembled birds at great price from the ends of the earth.  Even if we explain the situation to him, I doubt he will believe us, even with such proof as you can exhibit my lady.”  
She said, “I will not reveal myself to others than yourselves as I cannot trust them not to reveal our secret and thus endanger the rest of my people.  We alone must accomplish this task.  Can we see where the birds are kept?”  
Dunnok smiled, “at least in this I can be of use.  The King would be quite honored to show my comrades his fine collection.  I shall inquire of him immediately.”  Dunnok vanished from the room and returned shortly with the King himself in tow.  The Brethren bowed and the lady had again vanished from sight.  
The King said, “I hear you gentlemen have a great wish to see my beloved collection?”  
Bard smiled and said, “yes Majesty, if it does not cause you too much trouble.”  
The King smiled proudly, “it shall be my greatest honor.  Come, we shall go immediately.”
They wound their way into a large room at the back of the palace with a great door that opened out onto a wide grassy lawn.  Within the room were housed two dozen raptors of varying size and color and from all parts of the world.  He led them from one bird to the next and explained in detail each bird’s history and habits, which were his particular favorites, and odd facts or stories about each bird.  Finally, they came to an ugly, half-grown specimen that stared at them with his fierce and beady little eyes.  
The King smiled upon him like a new father upon first sighting his son; he said, “now this little chap is the crowning glory of my collection, though for now he looks like the ugly thumb.  He is one of that rare breed known as the Snow Falcon that haunts the wastes of the far north.  It cost me dearly to acquire the creature and many men died in the attempt but the survivors certainly made their fortune.  In a few years, he will be fully grown and we can see how well he hunts.  It is a pity they grow so much more slowly than all the others, for I dearly wish to try my hand at flying him sooner rather than later.  Ah well, one cannot change his nature so I must be patient.”  He went on explaining various things about the art and practice of falconry but the Brethren failed to hear him, as each began to plan in his own mind how they might free the captive creature.  The King finished his expostulations and they thanked him greatly for his time and trouble.  He was quite pleased with their praise of his collection and led them out of the large room very happy.
Alone again in Dunnok’s quarters, the Akoni took on a human form and they began to plan.  Dunnok said, “it will not be easy to free the creature.  A heavy guard is always kept upon the lone door into the chamber as you saw this morning.  There are also several attendants monitoring the birds at all times.  Perhaps our best hope is when the King next rides out to go hawking, he shall take a good quarter of the birds and most of the attendants with him along with half the court and many servants and guards.  How we are to enter the chamber and free the bird, I do not know?  We will not have long to make our escape as the missing creature will soon be noticed and the alarm raised.  The King shall ride out tomorrow to go hawking, if the weather holds.”  
Bard asked of the Akoni, “how must the chick be moved?”  
She said, “he must be carried and he will not be happy or cooperative.  I would recommend hooding him and placing him in a sack, as undignified as that might seem, it might be the best way to carry him out of captivity.  I can buy you some time by posing as the chick until you are well away.  Then I can change form, escape, and join you as you carry the chick home for me.  I must accompany you, else my people may not receive you with much hospitality, especially after the chick was stolen.  Your very lives might be in danger.”
Bard said, “it sounds a good plan, now all we must decide is how to get past the guards and the servants that attend the birds.  Dunnok, I think it wise if you left us, that you may honestly say when we are gone that you had no part in this plot.”  Dunnok bowed his thanks and withdrew from the room.  
Kirin said, “fresh meat must be delivered daily to feed the creatures.  What if we stow someone away in the cart that brings the meat, the lady might then find her own way in, and then we can smuggle the creature out with none the wiser.”  
Bard said, “it is a crazy scheme but perhaps our only choice.”  
The lady said, “why not just disable the guards and servants?”  
Bard said, “we might break Oath to attack men not intentionally violating the rights or endangering the lives of others.  These are innocent civilians engaged in no ill plots but simply men doing their job.  Even if we did not harm them, greater harm might befall them at the hands of the King as a result of our meddling.  We must do what we can to mitigate harm to all innocents in this matter.  It is a difficult balance to maintain but we must do our very best to see that all have justice in this matter.  It would be far easier to reveal yourself to the King, but as this cannot be, we will do what we must, though I think even with such a revelation he would not relent and give us the chick.”  
She smiled grimly, “I had not thought these conspirators innocents but I begin to understand your view of things; let it be as it must.”  
Indeed the weather did hold fine and the King rode out with much pomp and enthusiasm.  Bard had made some inquiries, and was pleased to discover that although the meat delivery system would not avail them, the refuse cart would be much more appropriate to their schemes.  Bard obligingly distracted the servant, who usually cleaned up after the birds, in a long and wandering conversation about the various aspects of falconry as he saw them.  The servant was quite pleased to be asked his opinion and felt himself quite an expert on the matter and talked at length with the man from legendary Astoria.  Kirin garbed himself as the servant was wont to appear and wrapped a scarf about his mouth and nose, for it was a dusty and smelly job.  The guards did not see anything sinister in the masked man when he arrived at his usual time that day and waved him through.  The Akoni crawled from beneath the tarp covering the great handcart and swiftly changed form to resemble the chick.  In their own squawking language she begged the creature to cooperate, but either he could not yet understand the spoken word or he did not care to cooperate, thus her pleas went unheeded.  
Kirin hooded the creature, placed him in a bag, and deposited him in the bottom of the cart.  The startled hiss brought one of the attendants running, but seeing nothing amiss with the situation, he reminded Kirin to be careful in dealing with their master’s precious birds, most especially the juvenile Snow Falcon.  Kirin nodded noncommittally and swiftly made for the door, leaving the Akoni to pose as the chick until she could make her escape.  Kirin emerged from the hawk room, muttered something about having some other errand, and that the current job would shortly be attended to.  The guards exchanged an amused look and let the man pass.  Kirin returned his pilfered cart to its rightful place as well as his borrowed garments.  He tucked the burlap bag under his arm and returned to Dunnok’s quarters.  Bard saw Kirin walking back triumphant and ended his conversation with the tardy servant, who hastily returned to his neglected duties.  The guards gave him a hard time upon his arrival, which he thought odd, but he shrugged it off and went about his assigned chores.  The Akoni waited until the man had finished, then silently changed forms, escaped the bonds upon her legs, and flew out the small window as a finch.  She returned to Dunnok’s quarters, much relieved at their success.  
Bard and Kirin had quickly abandoned the castle lest they be captured once the Akoni left; they waited patiently for her in the woods near the castle.  A ruckus ensued when the bird was discovered missing and no perpetrators could be found; a servant was sent to fetch back the King immediately.  The King was outraged not only that his beloved bird had gone missing but also to have his hawking so interrupted.  It was an embarrassment witnessed by half the court!  He rode back in a fury, ready to take the heads of all involved in the scheme.  Someone would die for this outrage!
He summoned all the servants and guards involved in the care of the creatures and found no one who knew anything of the bird’s disappearance.  The guards mentioned the strange incident with the servant, and the attendant mentioned that the same servant had unwittingly roused the fury of the hatchling and required a reprimand.  All were eager to place blame on other than themselves, and the servant in question was brought forth and said the bird had been there when he had cleaned up that day, but it was not long after this that the creature had disappeared.  He also claimed only to have been to the hawk room once that day but the guards and attendant said he had been and gone twice.  “What have you done with my precious bird?” shrieked the king.  
The servant cowered before him, “nothing Majesty, I swear!”  
The King raged, “I will have your head for this!  Bring Dunnok, let him tell me if this fiend lies.”  Dunnok and Kirin stood at the back of the chamber and they approached at the King’s words.  
Dunnok said, “he is guilty of no crime, Majesty.  He and all others are innocent in this matter.  Do not compound the problem by staining your hands with innocent blood.”  
The King stormed, “then who is responsible for this betrayal?”  
Kirin stepped forward to speak, he had hastily returned when the Akoni was sent by Dunnok to say the king was ready to shed innocent blood in his wrath, while Bard vanished north with their precious burden lest the king’s men catch them in their flight.  Kirin rode back to the castle to see what he could do to spare the king’s wrath from those who least deserved it.  The Akoni watched to see what would come of the matter and then would meet Bard as he traveled north.  Kirin said to the enraged King, “Majesty, it is I that spirited away your bird.  For reasons I am not at liberty to disclose, it was necessary to secure the freedom of the creature.  It was a thing that had to be done, no matter the cost to myself.  This servant did nothing and neither did any others in your service have any part to play in this matter.”  
The gathered court gasped and the servant looked ready to faint in relief.  The King said in much confusion, “you are one of the Brethren?”  Kirin nodded.  The court gasped once more and the King said, “you have not broken Oath in this matter?”  
Kirin smiled grimly, “Majesty, I am well over two hundred years old and would have fallen dead had I broken Oath.  Had this been a crime against property, I would have surely broken Oath, but the creature cannot be rightfully considered property and his freedom is worth more to me even than life itself.”  
The King smiled in grim joy, “that is good to know, for you shall certainly die for this outrage.  What is the reason you are willing to die to free the creature?  Why did you return to spare the servant when you could have ridden away and saved your own life?”  
Kirin said quietly, “Majesty there are some things worth dying for.  To send an innocent man to his death when I could spare him would violate all that I hold dear.  I am honorbound not to reveal why the creature could not be held captive but know that it was for a noble cause and one for which I am content to spend my life.”
The entire court gasped and the King asked again in astonishment, “but why sell your life for that of a stranger?”  
Kirin smiled sadly, “for the Master gave His for mine.”  
The King shook his head in amazement and said, “are you alone in this conspiracy or is Dunnok too at fault?”  
Kirin said, “Dunnok had no part in this Majesty, save as the host of two whom you might consider scoundrels.  My other accomplices are fled with the chick.”  The King rose to his feet to command his guards to ride in pursuit, but Kirin said, “do not waste your time in vain pursuit.  Your soldiers will never catch a unicorn.  The bird is well beyond your reach.”  
The King sat dejectedly and said, “then it seems I have lost my dearest possession and soon you shall lose your very life.”  
Kirin said, “nay lord, your dearest possession is your own soul, do not belittle it by comparison to material possessions.  Take my life if you must but by no means lose your soul.  Seek the Master as fervently as you pursue your hawks and He will be well pleased.”  
The King gaped, “you stand upon the brink of death and yet you dare pontificate before me?  Why think you that I might heed the words of the condemned?”  
Kirin laughed, “I am but condemned by men, but in the Master I am free.”  
The King said grimly, “then to your Master I shall swiftly send you!  Fetch the headsman!”  The court was aghast at the crime but even more astounded that the man was willing to die for so odd a cause.  It was not lost upon the servant that this man had traded his life for his own.  This thought secretly tormented many present at court that day and the tale long after caused much contemplation among those who took it seriously.  Many were those who spoke to Dunnok about what could inspire such strange courage.  It was not long after that the servant rode to Astoria to discover why one man might be willing to die for another.
The headsman was fetched and a pair of guards took Kirin into custody, leading him to the townsquare, where such functions were traditionally carried out.  Dunnok followed sadly but Kirin gave him a roguish grin, facing death with the same humor with which he had lived.  Dunnok was heartened by his comrade’s fortitude and knew that this was only a temporary parting.  A curious crowd gathered and the entire court was present to see if the man’s courage lasted until the final fall of the axe; the grief stricken Akoni followed, desperate to stop this madness, and unwilling that the man die needlessly on her behalf.  Kirin was made to kneel with his neck over the block and the headsman raised his blade.  The King announced the crime and the headsman made ready to strike.  The desperate Akoni (in human form) rushed onto the platform and made to fling herself between Kirin and the axe, but a guard saw the threat and ran her through with his sword even as the axe found its mark.  The crowd gasped at the double execution, though the woman was yet among the living.  
She clutched at her bloodied side and fled in a stumbling run; the guards gave chase but they never found her, though they knew a fatal blow had been struck.  With her remaining strength, she winged her way north in search of Bard.  She found him, told her tale, and with her dying breath, begged him to bear the little one north and return him to his people.  Tears of grief stung his eyes as he buried the valiant Akoni and mourned his friend.  He rode north with all haste, stopping briefly in Astoria to tell the Lady of what had come to pass.  In parting, he said, “the lady warned us that our lives might be in peril if we risked the northlands alone, but I must bear the creature thence though I may not return.”  
The Lady nodded sadly and said, “then may the Master ride with you.”  
He bowed himself from her presence and after restocking his supplies, set forth into the vast unknown of the northern wastes.  The creature seemed content to perch upon his saddle bags and he tended it as best he could, having learned something of the art of caring for the creatures from the servant he had distracted to aid Kirin’s quest.  He had not wished to let Kirin ride back alone, knowing full well what might befall him, but one of them had to get the creature away from the King and Kirin was the one who had ‘stolen’ the creature, thus it was his duty to return and spare the servant.  Bard pressed ever northward and began to wonder at the intelligence of riding north this late in the year.
He might have sealed his own fate by risking the weather so late in the year.  The journey thence would not be a problem but there might be no returning if the weather turned suddenly.  Regardless, this thing must be accomplished so he pressed ever onwards.  It was a long and lonely journey, or would have been had he not had the companionship of his unicorn.  He smiled sadly and said, “well old friend, this may perhaps be our last adventure together.  I am glad you are here with me, if this be the end; my days are few regardless.  Should the worst happen, do not trade your life for mine but go home and take another rider, if you will.”  The creature whickered sadly but would do as his friend bid him.
The trees thinned and eventually failed, the grass struggled on for endless miles before also fading into memory.  In a land of lichens and countless streams, great pinnacles of rock jutted forth from the earth like half buried bones.  Bard had not traveled far into that country when the chick shrieked in excitement.  A great avian scream answered and a terrible bird lit upon a rocky crag and glared at the vile man, who dared enter the unmarked realm of the Akoni.  It was the same creature that had sorely abused the village on the plain and burned the library of Astoria.  He mocked Bard, “do you not know that it is death for your kind to venture into this place?  Why do you hold one of our children captive?”  
The Akoni had expected the stranger to gawk with dread and astonishment to face a speaking eagle but Bard showed no fear, only grim determination, he said, “this is the very youngster that was stolen from your people and held captive by a king of the south, knowing not that it is a sentient being.”  
The Akoni shrieked, “and how come you to learn of the nature of our people and to possess the chick?”  
Bard said sadly, “his freedom was bought at great cost to my comrade and one of your own people.  It was she that requested our aid, revealing her true form only to those necessary to procure the release of the chick.  Your secret is safe.”  
The creature sneered, “it most certainly shall be, you take it to your grave.  What has come of my comrade?”
Bard said quietly, “would you kill me even though I have brought your missing child home?  Has not enough blood been spilled on his behalf?  My friend lies dead and your comrade gave her life as well in this endeavor.”  
The bird spat, “you killed her and hope to find some gain in returning the chick.  But your duplicity will not avail you!  I will not be taken in, nor will my people be so abused!”  
The unicorn had had enough of this impertinent creature insulting his master and revealed his glory.  The Akoni squawked in amazement and horror, “you would even enslave a unicorn?  Will your plotting never end?  Will the Master never rid the earth of such ignoble creatures?  Your kind is not capable of such a noble deed thus there must be some treachery in it.  You shall surely die for all of your sins!  Let me be the instrument of justice.”  
The unicorn reared in fury, ready for battle.  Bard did his best to calm his infuriated mount while loosing the chick from his bonds and setting him safely upon an adjacent rock.  He dismounted and removed the tack from his faithful friend, knowing his own end was come.  He embraced the great neck and said sadly, “farewell my friend, we shall meet again one day.  May the Master ride with you.  A more faithful friend I could never have.”  He wiped the tears from his eyes and the unicorn nuzzled him gently.  
The Akoni mocked, “how touching, but this little show of pity will not spare you.  Thank you for returning the chick, the credit for which shall fall to me while your corpse molders unmourned on the tundra!”  Not willing to die a victim, Bard drew his sword, ready to defend himself.  If he disabled the creature, perhaps he could find others of its kind to come for the chick, if they both fell his mount would see that the creature found his people.
The unicorn stood by and watched his master’s last battle; his heart ached to do something but he would do his duty, no matter how much it grieved him.  The unicorn gave a great cry of battle as the Akoni left his rock and circled the doomed man.  He contemplated how best to destroy the insolent man.  He could change form, perhaps to a dragon, and utterly destroy the fool, but that would not be very sporting nor would it leave much evidence of his triumph, and that was certainly something he needed to garner the praise he yearned for from his people for returning triumphant with the chick.  He would do this in his natural form and show the pathetic wretch that no matter his form, he was the superior warrior.
Bard wondered what it would be like to face a winged foe, but he had little time to contemplate the matter as the creature went aloft and stooped with talons extended.  Bard managed to strike the creature, though he was not quite sure where or how badly it was injured for he had not slowed its dive, and in the next moment it tore out his throat.  He fell to the ground breathing raggedly, as his lifeblood gushed from the wound and soaked into the tundra.  The unicorn screamed in grief and rage, but Bard’s last command held him firm.  The Akoni shrieked in triumph as his foe quickly expired but shuddered in pain at the wound he had taken from the man’s sword.  The unicorn stared at him balefully, but he ignored the creature until a vision came unbidden into his mind.
He witnessed through the unicorn’s sending all that transpired to rescue the chick but in his pride, he ignored the beast and the warning imminent in his vision.  What did the creature mean that justice would be done one day?  Justice had most certainly been done!  What did he mean that the Master would judge all one’s thoughts and actions one day?  Were not the Akoni above such recriminations?  Were they not very nearly gods in their own right?  Certainly the pitiful human could be of no estimable worth to the Master.  Were they not all vermin in his sight?  His wound ached terribly and a tremor of weakness shook his body.
He had best seek out his kin and alert them to his triumph.  He had no need to fly in search of them, for the parents of the chick soon alighted nearby.  They surveyed the carnage and heard the tale of their kinsman, though they did not quite believe his account.  Why would a human trek all the way north with their offspring only to threaten the Akoni and fall for his temerity?  They did not thank their kinsman as vehemently as he thought they should, nor did he like their skepticism, neither did he reveal how gravely he was injured.  The female took human form, took the little one in her arms, and the reunited family made their way home, leaving the injured Akoni alone with the unicorn and Bard's mortal remains.  
The unicorn looked again a mortal horse, so had aroused no question from the other Akoni.  They had refrained from questioning further into the matter and thought that perhaps the full truth might come out in time.  They had no idea that the chick’s faux rescuer was moribund and that they might never learn the full tale this side of eternity.  The pain grew worse, breathing became more difficult, and his heart raced; he was faint with pain and darkness gnawed at the corners of his vision.  This could not be happening!  He was immortal; he could not possibly die!  He clutched at his injured side and refused to give in to death.  The unicorn made a sound as if he thought the Akoni was being foolish in denying the obvious.  He got an impression that it would be wise to repent ere it was too late.  “Too late for what?” scoffed the injured bird, “And what have I to repent of anyway and who are you to judge?”  
“He will not judge you but the Master will,” said Bard, “you must put away your pride, humble yourself before the Master, or spend eternity in darkness.”  
The flummoxed bird looked towards the corpse, which lay upon the lichens and was beginning to stiffen.  “You are dead,” scowled the bird, “who are you to lecture me?  What are you doing here anyway?  Are you some wandering spirit, forever cursed to haunt the mortal world but unable to touch it?  Your beloved companion does not seem aware of your presence.”  
The unicorn gave the Akoni an odd look, as if thinking him in an antemortem delirium.  Bard said, “I have entered the Master’s country and will return thence once my errand here is done.  You are dying my friend and will soon face the Master.  Let go your pride ere it is your eternal ruin!”  
The bird mocked weakly, “I am not your friend, you bipedal disgrace!  Leave me in peace.  I cannot die, I am immortal!”  
Bard laughed sadly, “we are all immortal my friend, though your kind has failed to realize it, but we must each of us face death in our turn unless we happen to survive until the end of time, a feat that you will not attain.  You have minutes to spare yourself an eternity of darkness.”  
“I told you I am not your friend!” screeched the enraged bird, “Be gone fell spirit and haunt me no longer.  Your patronizing will not avail you.  It is not me who must beg the Master’s mercy but your wretched race.  If he can abide you in his presence he shall certainly welcome one of the Akoni.  What reason have I to beg when I shall be welcomed as a long lost son?”  
Bard said grimly, “hear you not what I say?  You are a lost son and one who refuses to come home because he thinks himself too great for such a lowly position.  We will all bow before the Master; the only question is whether it is in reverence or terror.  Your time grows short.  You have been warned twice this day.  The choice is yet before you but you have not long to make it.”  
The bird laughed but flinched in agony, “you dare threaten me?  You are naught but an apparition.  Be gone!  I will not heed you.  I shall certainly recover and will be dancing upon your grave long after even the faintest memory of you among your own kind is long faded to dust.”  
“Farewell then, but you would do well to heed the warning that was given, not many have this last chance,” said Bard sadly and suddenly he was gone.  
The Akoni was now alone on the tundra.  The unicorn had vanished towards home and his kin had abandoned him, thinking him a braggart and a liar.  He had never thought to die alone; he had thought never to die.  Finally, the darkness won out and he gratefully yielded to the ceasing of the pain.  
He awoke a moment later in a grey twilight, encircled by fog on all sides.  The mist glowed with the light of the awesome Being who stood before him.  For some reason he had not thought eternity would be quite like this.  It seemed quite an eerie place to spend forever.  Knowing his thoughts, the Master spoke, “this is not eternity, but a place that is neither here nor there nor anywhere.  You will not enter willingly into My country nor do you have business any longer in the mortal world.  You have spurned Me and all I called you to do.  You have murdered my servant and neglected the needy.  You have claimed as your own things to which you have no right.  Even still you refuse to bow before Me unless forced.”  
The Akoni was taken aback, “but are the Akoni not the crown of creation?  Are we not co-equals with thee?”  
The Master reared in anger and His light shone so bright mortal eye could not look upon it and live.  The Akoni bowed in abject fear and whimpered.  The Master said gravely, “there is none equal to Me, none before or after.  Without Me, Nothing is.  You dare make yourself My equal?  My foolish child, you shall have all eternity to rue your pride.  I have given you the chance but twice you have denied Me this day alone.”  
The bird squeaked, “how can miserable humanity have a part in eternity if it is denied one such as I?”  
The Master said sadly, “child, know you not that all are precious in My sight, not because of what I have gifted them with but because I made them that I might love them?  Humanity is as precious to Me as your own gifted race, but of you, whom I have blessed beyond all others, I have expected much but your people continue to deny Me their service.”  
The Akoni stood once more and said, “I will not share eternity with such creatures.  Nor do I want your pity, your mercy, or your love.  I am content in myself.”  
“So be it,” said the Master with sorrow to sunder the stars from their courses.  The light vanished and the fog emanated darkness more deep than the starless void; it enwrapped the wretched bird and thus was he sundered from the Master for all eternity.  
The Akoni found their slain kinsman and wondered again at his strange story.  Never again did their female comrade return from the south.  Ever after, it was their practice to avoid all contact with men, save those foolish enough to venture into their homeland, lest any more disasters befall their people.  For many centuries they languished in pride at their own abilities, until at long last they learned to humble themselves before the Master and love their fellow beings.

With the passing of Bard and the destruction of all Astoria’s earliest records by fire, the Brethren lost much of the lore of their formative years and all the strange things that had passed in those days.  A copy of Astoria’s journal, the Truth, and the Common Law were all that had survived of the original records and whatever remained in song and story within the minds of the living Brethren.  These were again written down, that they might be remembered when the minds that held them had passed out of the sphere of living men.  But much was lost of those early days, though the most important writings had survived and much was recovered from living memory, but gone were some things, never again to be recovered.


Chapter 8

The years passed and others arose to take on the duties laid aside by the generations that had gone before.  Year to year and generation to generation, not much changed within the Brethren, save the individuals called by that name.  It was fifty years since the end of the Dragon Wars and Baine stood before a class of eager youngsters telling the history of those dark days.  It was strange to think that what to them was history was to him living memory.  He was of the Messenger sect and not often found teaching such a class, but his duties now left him in Astoria with little else to do, thus the Lady happily assigned him this task.  Baine enjoyed teaching, but it certainly was not the primary calling of his life.  
He wondered if he should give the Teaching sect more credit for their courage than he sometimes did.  It took nerve to stand before a dozen eager and often skeptical young minds and tell them that which they needed to know.  Their questions flew like arrows, ever seeking the heart of the matter and they wielded their wit like a master swordsman his blade.  They were ravenous for information, but also eager to show that they were not dull in their thinking; they were more than eager to match wits with their instructors, if they thought they had cause.  One young rapscallion, the younger son of some obscure lord, was ever hassling his instructors, especially those new to the profession.  He felt himself quite the wit and made full use of his intelligence, real or perceived.  
The boy said, “you speak as if you lived through the Dragon Wars!  My grandmother certainly did, for she was born about the time they began, and now she regales her great grandchildren with the stories.  You cannot be old enough to have survived those years.  Perhaps you have spoken with those like my grandmother or read a fascinating history but do not make us think that you lived through them.”  
Baine sighed, knowing the boy would not like his answer, as he was unlikely to believe it; certain people had a very difficult time understanding the miraculous.  He said, “I was verging on sixty years of age at the end of the Wars, which means I am even older than your venerable grandmother.  I did indeed live through the Wars, in fact I fought in them.  It was I that led the Knights of the Rose as the conflict neared its end.  It was I that stood in the peace council and insulted the Lady of Astoria as she tried to forge peace between men and dragons and thus spare both our races.”  
The boy laughed, “as you do not look older than my grandmother, I have a very hard time believing that you know more than she.  In fact you look less than half her age.  I thought the Brethren unable to lie!  How is it that you once opposed the very people you now claim to serve if your story be true?” 
 Baine laughed, “I am indeed as old as I say my young friend, have you not also heard the Brethren lead abnormally long lives?  Some of us have been known to make three hundred years, though a Messenger of my age is a rare feat in itself.  As for serving those I once opposed, the lesson was brought painfully home to me that humility and forgiveness are far greater virtues than ever strength of arms and self-righteousness can be.  I eventually learned the error of my ways and sought service with those whose purpose is more noble than mine was ever wont to be.”
The boy said, “I have heard rumors but have yet to believe it true, but you speak as one who has seen these things and I cannot imagine one inventing such an ignoble history for himself.  Perhaps you speak truly.”  
Baine laughed, “whether you believe I speak truly or not, I hope you have learned much of those dark years and their ending.  Until tomorrow, I bid you farewell!”  
The class finished, the students eagerly went in search of their noon meal, excitedly discussing the strange revelations of their teacher.  Once the last of the students had filed out, Dunnok left the back of the room and approached the smiling Baine, who yet stood at the front.  After the events surrounding the disappearance of the young Akoni, Dunnok had remained for some years in Galinar but the King had little interest in listening to any of the Lady’s servants after their involvement in the theft of his beloved bird.  The Lady recalled Dunnok and sent another in his stead, hoping one not involved in those strange days would appease the King but he was ignored as much as his predecessor.  Inspired by the adventures of Bard and Kirin, Dunnok thought to leave the Philosopher sect and sought admittance to the Messengers.  Such were his skills and talents that they gladly welcomed him into their ranks and since, he had been riding wherever the Lady sent him on one strange quest after another.  Today his quest was something far easier and much more pleasant.  He had come to summon his friend away from his temporary stint as an unofficial member of the Teaching sect.
Dunnok said, “I am sorry to cut your aspiring teaching career short but the Lady wishes the honor of our presence.”  
Baine smiled, “that is a relief, as these youngsters are far more dangerous than any bandit gang or tyrannical king!  Let us see if she has some safer occupation for the both of us.”  
They shared a laugh and headed towards the Lady’s preferred chambers.  While all of the Brethren shared much in common, there were enough differences between the sects that there was much good-natured teasing between them.  They bowed themselves into the Lady’s presence and she greeted them with a broad smile and motioned for them to stand before her.  
She said warmly, “now I know both of you would rather remain here and teach indefinitely, but I have need of your services elsewhere, though I know it is good for the students to learn from those with firsthand experience.  As usual, this is a strange and dangerous mission but what else would befit the Messengers?  One of the lesser lords of Galinar had a brilliant idea to set out across the Central Plains with his entire family, save his youngest son; he had some notion of starting his own country.  He left his estate to the care of a neighboring lord, who eagerly usurped it.  He set out with those servants, guards, and pioneers who felt inclined to go with him.  They took livestock, seed, and all else one needs to build an agricultural empire.  Nothing has been heard of them since.  The youngest son currently resides in Astoria and is perhaps the sole survivor of that bloodline, though he has no inheritance to return home to.  You two and the boy shall ride forth to see if you cannot find these intrepid pioneers.  There were approximately seventy to eighty people in the company when they set out.”
Baine looked quite surprised and said, “Lady it is not our custom to take civilians on such a journey, is the boy an apprentice?”  
The Lady said firmly, “I know it is something unheard of, but it is his family that has gone missing and he will be able to help identify them and perhaps knows something in his family history and habits that may help in finding the lost colonists.  I am sure between the two of you that you will keep him from harm.  Of course he must give his consent before he can accompany you on such a mission, but I am sure he will be eager to discover the fate of his family and their companions.  Any more questions?”  They shook their heads and she said, “very well then, may the Master ride with you.”  
Dunnok laughed as they left her chambers and said to Baine, “you do know that it is your overly vociferous student who will be our companion on this venture do you not?”  
Baine did not look pleased but said, “then we had best request his aid and set forth.  Perhaps he will be reluctant to make such a journey?”  
The boy, Morin, was more than happy to have the offer of such an adventure.  He seemed more concerned that he had lost any claim to his birthright than that his family had suddenly vanished.  He said, “you should be quite honored that the Lady has allowed me to supervise such inexperienced adventurers as you are certainly wont to be.”
Baine was quite taken aback but Dunnok wore an amused smile, saying, “this is no merry hunt in your father’s forests, lad.  This is a perilous quest certainly fraught with danger and who knows the fate of your kin?  If you think this some grand lark, know that we will leave you here until you learn otherwise.  If you are to accompany us, you must listen to our orders without question and comply immediately, for your life and ours might depend upon it.  I am the leader of this little escapade and if I decide, I can send you home at a moment’s notice for the least infraction.  Understood?”  
The boy paled slightly, but his color and nerve soon returned and he roughly saluted with an astonished, “yes sir.”  
He had not expected anyone to be so strict towards him.  His behavior whilst in Astoria had not been exemplary but neither had he misbehaved so badly as to incur the admonishment of his teachers.  At home, only his father would stand up to him and that happened but little.  They quickly packed and were soon on the road.  The Brethren wondered if the Lady might not have an undisclosed reason for sending the boy on such a mission, for it was a very uncommon practice to send students into potential danger.  The reasons she had given made sense but not enough sense to be the full reason to risk the boy thus.  The Lady did indeed have another reason, but not one she could explain or give as a reason.  She somehow knew the boy must go and so he would.  It would be up to her servants to keep him safe and yet accomplish their mission.  
Their first stop was the boy’s former home, now occupied by the eldest son of the new landlord.  The young man directed them to his own father with their questions.  The boy was quite upset to see the usurper of his former estate, but there was nothing he could do about the matter so he fumed silently.  They arrived shortly at the neighboring lord’s manor and soon gained an audience with the aging man.  He snorted in amusement when he heard Morin’s father and all his company had gone missing.  He said, “you will need all your luck and more to find them in a place so vast as the Plain!  You could ride past them by a mile and never know it.”  
Baine asked, “who is it that asked the Lady’s aid in this matter?  How did they maintain communication with those left behind?”  
The man laughed, “that is the great question.  I think it must have been the King himself.  He was not happy to have near a hundred of his subjects up and leave without so much as telling him that they were going.  He certainly would like you to convince them to come home.”  
Dunnok said, “the Lady would not have sent us to aid these people were they not truly in danger.  A hired messenger brought an anxious letter and we were sent to their aid, but we know not who sent the message.  All it said was that the party in question was in great danger and had not been heard of since their departure six months ago.  If this is some political scheme of the King’s, the Lady shall certainly not be happy.  We thank you for your time and information but must now confront the King on this matter.”  The man bid his guests farewell and seemed to find the whole scenario amusing, especially that it had been greatly to his own benefit.
As they rode, they considered the mystery of who had written the note and also of how they were to locate the pilgrims in a million acres of wild prairie.  The former King of Galinar was long since buried and his son was now looking to pass on his own reign to the next generation.  They applied to the current Advisor to the king for the Lady and were soon admitted.  Thankfully, the man who currently sat upon the throne was much more amenable to the Brethren than had been his father.  He had been a boy when the whole fiasco took place and was intrigued by the Brethren’s willingness to die for such a mysterious reason.  The King soon heard of their presence and requested a private audience, if only out of curiosity.  The three Brethren and Morin stood before him in a small chamber and made their bows.  
“Now,” said the King, “to what do I owe your presence?  You have not come again to risk your lives to steal another hawk have you?”  
Dunnok smiled sadly, recalling those days, “no Majesty, we are come to discover the fate of a certain lord and those that went with him to start their own empire upon the Plains.  Someone sent a desperate note to the Lady on their behalf but no one knows who sent the message, why or where the company has gone, or what has come of them.  Know you anything of this?”  
The King shook his head, “I know that Lord Harin left six months ago and naught has been heard of any of them since.  I think it all foolishness, but I will not interfere in what they rightfully think their destiny, though the loss of so many able-bodied men was not a good thing for the Kingdom.  I know not who sent the message.  Once they left my realm, no one has heard from them nor have we sought after them.  I am afraid I am of no help to you.”  Not discovering anything to their benefit, the three travelers thanked the King and made to go, but the King had one last request and said, “can you even now reveal to me what it was that was accomplished in the disappearance of the bird?”  
Dunnok smiled sadly, “even now I cannot reveal the full tale, but know it so important that three noble persons were willing to give their lives to see that it was accomplished.”  
The King smiled, “I would love to know the full tale but it seems I never shall.  What can be so important about a bird that three people would be willing to die for its freedom?”  
Dunnok said, “perhaps you shall never know this side of eternity but one day perhaps all will be made clear.  I bid you farewell and may the Master ride with you.”  The King returned their farewell and spent much of the night again interrogating his poor Advisor from the Lady on the matter.  He knew nothing of the tale, save that which the King himself had already heard many times over.  
They rode off towards the west, wondering where this adventure might take them, if adventure it was, perhaps it was nothing more than a search for a six legged horse.  As they rode, Dunnok addressed their young companion, “so how do you feel about this strange journey?  It cannot be easy to see your father’s lands now under another’s dominion nor to learn nothing of your family’s destination, fate, or even why they left?  Can you help us understand why your father might have left?”  
The boy had soon come to realize that the Brethren were serious in this endeavor and that this was no lark.  He settled in for the journey, did as he was told, and learned what they thought worth teaching him, be it lore or the sword.  He had rather enjoyed the journey until they had returned to Galinar.  It had been difficult coming home.  He said, “it has not been easy but it was about as I had expected.  What could make my father leave everything our family has worked generations to achieve I cannot imagine.  He was always content with our small holding and never desired more.  He is no fool to go off rashly after false promises.  What would inspire seventy others to accompany him is another good question.  Most of our folk are as bound to the land of their forebears as the trees are rooted to the earth.  It must have been a great or terrible calling that led them thence.  My father was never a lover of the Plains, thus I cannot even imagine what would coerce or encourage him to make such a journey.”  
They traveled on with little idea of where they were going or what they would find when they arrived.  Who had sent the message?  What had convinced the lord and his folk to abandon all they held dear and journey into the wilderness?  They approached the western edge of the forested east and stopped at a village that stood upon the very borders and was a major stopping place for merchants and travelers from the south and east.  They inquired of the innkeeper and he told them what he could, saying, “six months ago you say?  Well I do remember something odd half a year gone, now that you mention it.  A whole host of folk wandered through the village with many a wagon and pack animals galore, as if they moved with them all their worldly possessions and whither they went no one knows.  They bought a little food and some supplies and moved on as quickly as they could.  They spoke to no one save to tell the merchants what they wanted.  Questions were answered with grunts and shrugs.  They came and went and we never saw no more of them.”
The tale grew stranger as they moved west, but they had no more answers than when they had begun.  The boy wondered at the strange fit that seemed to have taken his father and half his folk.  The Plains were sparsely populated and those who did dwell there tended to be of a transient or nomadic nature.  There was still much arable farmland in more hospitable lands that no one was willing to face the challenges of such a region; there were far easier places to seek a livelihood.  They talked sometimes with merchants, renegades, hunters, explorers, and nomadic shepherds as they came across them in their travels.  Some had seen the pilgrims or had heard of their passing but none seemed to know where they had gone.  Their path led them south and west as the rumors directed them.  Occasionally they would find some trace of their path: some discarded piece of rubbish half buried in the grass or the bleached skeleton of some unlucky beast that had fallen to the rigors of travel.  But never did they find a reason for the strange exodus or its destination.   
The colonists had left in the very early spring and even now summer was fading into fall.  They certainly had no plans, at least that the Brethren could discover, of preparing for the coming winter.  Sensible folk would have laid down roots and begun planting as soon as may be.  But they had long ago abandoned hope that this pilgrimage was sensible.  At least they were moving south so the weather would not be so severe as it would be further north.  Finally, there came a day when they found a clue as to what had come of the perpetual wanderers.  The day was dying in crimson glory streaked all through with gold and purple, as the first stars were peeping forth, they came upon a small band of wagons drawn together, as if huddled against the terrors of the coming night.  Two armed men rode out of the encampment and approached the three horsemen.  The trio drew rein and waited for the guards to approach.  The men sheathed their blades, satisfied at least for now that the strangers were not hostile.  
“Greetings strangers,” said the man on the right, “what brings you to such a forgotten corner of the earth?”  
Dunnok said, “we set out in search of a band of travelers under the leadership of one former Lord Harin.  None seem to know whence he and a great number of his folk have gone or why.”  
The guard laughed, “well, you have found at least a few of us.  Come into the camp and let us speak in comfort.”  
The guards turned their mounts and rode back towards the gathered wagons.  The folk in the camp saw the strangers escorted in peaceably and quickly made room to accommodate the incoming horses.  They were quite eager for news, as they had been very isolated during the entire journey.  Once their mounts were tended to and the comfort of the newcomers was achieved, all sat around the fire, eager for information.  Dunnok said, “you are a remnant of those that set out last spring from Galinar?”  
The guard nodded, “that we are.  There was a bit of a schism not many weeks ago and we set off alone.”
Dunnok said, “can you tell us why you set forth, where you are going, who sent a desperate message to Astoria seeking the aid of the Brethren, and where you are headed now that you have parted from the others?”  
The guard laughed, “that is quite a list but I shall try my best to accommodate you.  We set forth last spring with stars in our eyes and wings upon our heels.  There was a man calling himself the Prophet, who came to Lord Harin and so impressed him and all his kin with his words and visions that they were soon determined to go wherever the Prophet might lead them.  He then went from village to village and farm to farm within Lord Harin’s domain, seeking those who might go with and found a veritable paradise with the Prophet as our head.  I do not know what came over us or what strange spell the man’s words wove about us but thus were we entrapped and soon found ourselves packing all our belongings, selling our land, and becoming wanderers at the Prophet’s mercy.
Where he came from or what he truly wanted none yet know.  We are those who finally came to our senses and broke away from those who would not see sense.  The others continue their wandering under the Prophet’s guidance, hoping to find paradise on earth.  As for who sent your message, it must have been one of our people in a desperate cry for help, for there is no help from within.  As for where our path shall take us, that we know not.  Some talk of returning home but others want to find some place to call our own while others think it exciting to travel from place to place and never stay too long in one location or give allegiance to any lord.  We are heading towards the Northern Frontier, for there is said to dwell freedom and adventure and we have nothing to return home to.”
Dunnok said, “these are certainly strange tidings but no stranger than we expected with all the peculiar tales we have heard of your passing.  What is it this Prophet preaches exactly?”  
The man laughed grimly, “that is the strange thing, none can quite remember his dogma though he was quite fervent in what he spoke and determined that each of us agree completely with him.  He had many profound visions and dreams and spoke of such things in broad and flowery words that impressed us greatly.  It was as if he held us firm by the very force of his will; we cared not what he said but rather how he said it and thus supported him wholeheartedly.   He spoke of some earthly paradise where the perfection known before the Beginning would be restored; where men would again dwell in freedom and harmony.  He spoke of humanity rising above its fallen stature by sheer strength of will and complete obedience to a virtuous leader and a perfect code of law and behavior.  
He said we could move beyond the Master and his weak and narrow path to so-called freedom.  We could do for ourselves without the Master’s interference.  Of course he did not put it that way, else many might not have listened, for we are a good and decent folk and not prone to such heresy, but it seems even we were far too eager to listen.  For who can think that fallen man can redeem himself?  We need something above and beyond ourselves, for the truth is not to be found in the heart of so fickle a creature as man.  We are blown about like leaves in a windstorm yet are still convinced our feet are planted firmly on the earth and we know in which direction we face at any given moment.  You said you rode forth from Astoria?  Will the Master take back again so faithless a lot as we?  We broke with the others, for their apostasy finally grew too great and was bitter to our hearts.”
Dunnok said quietly, “any willing heart is acceptable to the Master.  Seek Him fervently and He will not forsake you.  It is only when you turn away and never again seek His face that you are forsaken, not because He would have it so but because you have willed it thus.”  
The man smiled, “we know little of you my friend but I can feel the strength of truth in your words.  The Prophet made me come away feeling unwashed, as if an oily film clung to my skin and no amount of washing would cleanse me.  You bring a breath of fresh air to the fetid tomb that our hearts have become.  We will again seek the Master and never again forsake Him so easily.  What of your quest?”  
Dunnok said, “we must find the other half of your party.  This Prophet troubles me greatly, do you think him capable of violence or even dark magic?”  
The man said, “I would think him capable of any and every evil.”  
Dunnok shivered, “and who sent the note?  Would you ask among your people and see if any of them are its source?”  The man nodded and quickly spread word among the curious onlookers but none were found in the camp who had sent the message.  This troubled the Brethren greatly.  
The boy was highly puzzled and asked as they went to bed, “what has come over my father?  He was never one to follow idle fancies before.  He was always a man of reason, not of superstition or faith.”
Dunnok smiled gently, “you think all faith unreasonable, my young friend?”  
The boy blushed but said, “what is reasonable about faith?  You may believe in this Master of yours unquestionably but that does not mean that everyone should.  What is right for you might not be right for me.  I will follow logic to its proper conclusion.”  
Baine laughed, “and who is to say what is right then if there is nothing that is true for everyone?  Would you say that murder might be right for some but not for others?”  
The boy blanched, “I see your point but that still does not mean faith is a necessity of life.”  
Dunnok said, “you have faith in all sorts of things my young friend, even if you do not have faith in any superstitions, as you would call them.”  
“Me!” scoffed the youth.  
Baine said, “yes, you and all humanity, it is something innate within our souls.  You have faith that the sun will rise tomorrow and that you will continue drawing breath.  You do not question most of the assumptions men make as regards daily living and common knowledge.  You assume most of humanity acts, thinks, and feels in a certain way.  You have faith that the corn seed will always produce a cornstalk and not wheat or chickens.  You have faith in everything else, why not in something greater than yourself?”  
The boy said, “I suppose faith is necessary for both reason and daily life else we would trust nothing and must discover each day anew that which we knew only yesterday but are wary that it might have changed in the night.  But why must we have faith in ought else save that required for daily life?  Why need I the Master or anything beyond myself or humankind?”  
Baine said, “is there not a yearning deep in your heart for something more?  Is there contentment when you think this life is all there is?  Do you not wonder why we all seek meaning and purpose in life?  Are these not strange concepts if there is no order and design in the universe and something beyond this mortal life?”  
The boy laughed, “why do you so easily destroy all the phantoms which defend the darkest corners of my heart and shine light where I would rather cultivate darkness and ignorance?  My life is based on false assumptions, which are to me what your faith is to other folk.  I will think long on this and ask questions if they come to me.  I may perhaps thank you one day but for now I must rest my shattered mind!”  
They retired for the night, and after a hearty breakfast bid their hosts farewell and wished them well in whatever the future held.  They rode off after the Prophet and his followers, wondering what they would find at the end of their journey.  Several weeks of travel brought them within sight of what could only be the Prophet’s caravan, one bright morning in the burgeoning fall.  Apparently the caravan sighted them as well, for six armed men rode out to confront them.  The leader of the group rode forward and demanded, “what is your business strangers?  You would be highly advised to move on and leave us in peace.  We will defend ourselves at need.  Outsiders are not welcome amongst us.”  
Dunnok said, “we have sought your company for many weeks now.  We encountered the half of your people that split away and now we have found you.  We would speak to Lord Harin if we may?”  
The man scoffed, “you have no claim upon his Lordship.  Move along, for we want nothing to do with you.  The Prophet does not approve of meddling by outsiders.”  
Then Morin spoke, “I am the youngest son of Lord Harin and will not be denied access to my father.”  
The man looked the boy over carefully and finally said, “you have the look of your father in you.  I cannot deny you your father boy.  Perhaps the Prophet shall make an exception in this instance.  You will give me your weapons however and remain silent until spoken to.”  
They complied with his order, eager to meet their infamous leader.  They rode into the encampment, which did not seem overly eager to set out that morning.  Most of the folk held back to the wagons and looked upon the strangers with disapproval writ large upon their faces.  The strangers rode in and dismounted as the guards bid them.  The unicorns snorted in disgust; there was a feeling about the camp that they did not like.  Then the Prophet came forth with a demeaning smile upon his face, saying, “you have arrived at last.  It took you long enough to heed my message.  And you have even brought the boy with you, excellent!  You Brethren are so pathetically predictable.”   
Dunnok said in astonishment, “you were expecting us?”  
The man laughed mockingly, “of course, it was I that alerted your precious Lady to the plight of these poor fools and here you are come to save them.  How noble.”
“Why did you send for us, as it were?” asked Baine.  
The man sneered, “that you must find out in due course.”  
“Where is my father?” demanded the boy fiercely.  
The man laughed derisively, “he is as well as all these other fools who follow me like lost sheep.  I am not impressed with his will power however.  Some lord, hah!”  The boy scowled but held his tongue.  
Dunnok said, “who are you, where do you come from, and what fell power do you serve?”  
The man laughed, “that also you will discover in due time.  For now let us say that I am highly opposed to your precious Master.”  “But then,” he continued, “I also hold your vile Nameless One in greatest contempt.  I am not inclined to believe in any power greater than humanity and if such a power does exist, I feel it must be very weak and pathetic indeed!  Come, you will hear my morning message and then we shall travel for the day.  You may ask your questions as we ride.”  
He stood upon a crate in the midst of the wagons to give his daily message of encouragement and edification to his followers.  They listened with rapt attention and nodded and cheered for even the blandest points.  He spoke long about nothing in particular but he said it with such flair that no one save the Brethren and the boy seemed to notice.  Once he finished his oration, his followers seemed to snap out of their ecstasy and quickly began packing to leave.  Within half an hour they were underway with the pace set by the wagons.  The Brethren mounted their unicorns and rode with the party, seeking out the Prophet to learn more of this strange conspiracy.  Morin went to find his father.


Chapter 9

“Now,” said the Prophet to the Brethren as they rode along, “what questions can I answer for such exalted minds?”  
Baine asked, “who exactly are you and why have these people all decided to follow you wherever you will?”  
The Prophet snorted and said, “I am simply a man trying to make his way in the world.  I was born in a tiny village in the northern part of these plains.  My village was taken over for a time when I was a lad by a strange man who enforced a sort of communism upon my people; we endured it until the Brethren convinced my people to stand up for themselves.  I envied the man very much, not for his socialistic philosophies but for his strength of will that allowed him to hold an entire village in his sway.  When I was of age, I left my village hoping to find my own place in the world, and much influenced by the peculiar man, I went to Astoria for a time, after that I traveled the world and studied under the wisest men I could find.
I even found an utterly vile man who had dedicated himself to the so-called Nameless One and learned what he had to teach me; I barely escaped that encounter alive.  In all my study and travels, I learned that the world of men is broken and that man alone can save himself.  Some think to rely on these so-called superior beings, but I have deduced that such beings are either nonexistent or weak to the point of uselessness.  Since man must rely on himself for his own future, he is not responsible for anything beyond his own happiness and comfort and since there is nothing but this life in which to enjoy such, thus we each must make the most of it.”
He continued, “I would not have you think me an anarchist of course, there must be laws and order else we are no better than the mindless beasts, but we each must seek our own good and in my case, that means gaining what power and influence I can via my vastly superior intellect.  Man must save himself thus human logic and reason must flourish and to accomplish this, the wisest among us should hold the power and everyone must submit themselves to a rigid course of study and an unbendable set of laws that order might be ensured and humanity might advance.  These fools follow me because they think I offer something they cannot get elsewhere.  I have debunked the myths that some of them were wont to trust in and the others were searching for what I had to offer.  They want happiness and perfection in this mortal sphere and that do I promise them every morning ere we set out.  I have a knack for convincing nearly anyone of anything and soon we shall see just how effective I am.  You shall be my test.”  
“Your test?” asked Dunnok.  
The man smiled coldly, “oh yes, I cannot waste my time with followers who might turn away from me with the least provocation.  I summoned you because I need someone with a conflicting ideology to try and convince them otherwise, that I might test their faith, if you can call it that.  The final test shall be if they are willing to kill for my cause.  If I can convince them to murder the both of you, then I have successfully overcome their minds and bound them to me irrevocably.”
Baine was stunned, “how would having them descend upon us in an angry mob further your plans?  What if we were simply to ride off and avoid such a fate?”  
The man laughed, “these fools are willing to abandon all earthly possessions to follow me in hopes of finding perfection on earth.  Some might even be willing to die for such a cause, but being willing to kill for your cause is a sure sign that you are completely dedicated to your ideology.  Besides, the guilt of such a crime is sure to bind them to me that I might absolve their tormented consciences.  You will not ride off and leave these wretches to their fate.  You cannot abandon them to such ideological confusion.  You will die before you abandon them and I will certainly make sure that you do.  By all means ride away if you are so inclined but you know the fate to which you have doomed them, at least according to your own belief system.”  
Dunnok said, “and where are you leading these people?”  
The man shrugged, “we wander about as I feel we should with no particular destination.  We shall head south as the weather grows colder.  We have enough money to buy supplies thus we need not settle until next spring.  And I will not settle down with this lot if they are not completely bound to me heart and mind.  If they fail my little test, I shall abandon them, seek out another group of followers, and see how I might improve my technique.  I hope to start a village ruled by myself, with all dependent on what I say and think for their well-being.  Should not the world be ruled by intellectuals such as myself?”
Baine asked, “and what exactly is your ideology?”  
The man said, “man is alone in all the universe and any progress in human evolution must come from his own mind and will.  The wise should rule the foolish and each man must enjoy this life, for there is naught else.  Rules and laws must be adhered to without question and punishment must be severe.  This might seem harsh, but I see it as the only hope for mankind, else we may eventually destroy ourselves through our own chaotic wish for individuality and push for more land, money, power, or whatever else drives our hearts.  These of course shall be granted to the worthy.”  
“You do not value human life?” asked Dunnok in some concern.  
The man laughed, “I value humanity as a whole and pursue whatever I feel is best for the species.  I could care less about particular individuals.  If one segment of society must suffer that the entirety might advance then it must be done.  If a man must die that the rest might benefit, then it is well worth it.  That is why I feel no concern over sacrificing you both on the altar of my ego.”  The Brethren stared at him as if he were mad.  
Baine asked, “then you use no black magic?”  
The man scoffed, “use it?  I do not believe in it or its source!  I control these people by talent, cunning, and sheer force of will.”  
“And what is our part in this insane venture?” asked Dunnok.  
The man said, “you may circulate amongst my followers and speak as you will.  Convince them of my own ignorance if you can.  When the time is right, I shall test their dedication and you know how that shall go.”  They pulled back from the man and spoke quietly together, wondering what to do about his mad scheme.

Morin went to find his family after the Prophet’s eloquent but pointless speech.  He wondered how his people could so easily be taken in by his empty words, but then he remembered that only weeks ago he had prided himself on his unflagging faith in the human intellect!  It seemed all must have faith in something, the only question was in what?  He found his family finishing the final preparations for the morning’s journey.  His father was amazed to see his lost son in such a place but was overjoyed to have his family whole again, his mother was ecstatic at his return, and his siblings greeted him warmly.  They were heartened to see that he was finally away from the influence of the misguided Brethren, though it was Harin who had sent him to Astoria in the first place.  He asked of his father, “why did you abandon everything to follow after this man?”  
Harin said, “sometimes one must be willing to forsake everything to seek a greater truth and the Prophet is leading us in that search.  We will soon reach a place that will become a place of peace and prosperity where men live as they should under the guidance of wise men like the Prophet.  What did you think of his rousing speech this morning?”  
The boy said, “he has quite a way with words that stir the feelings.”  He did not add that his words failed to enlighten the mind.  
The man nodded happily and said, “so you shall be joining us in our pilgrimage then?”  
The boy smiled, “I shall accompany you until I can decide whether this is a path I wish pursue or not.”  
The man looked stern, “you had best not think about going back to Astoria.  The Prophet says they are far too narrow-minded and a hindrance to the future of humanity.”
The boy said, “fear not that I have been too greatly corrupted by the Brethren.  They certainly have some curious beliefs and might be considered narrow-minded, but then they insist that they have the right of it and that all else is folly.  Is this Prophet of yours open minded then?”  
His father nodded saying, “he is quite open to all ideologies save those involving the so-called Master.”  
The boy said, “to have an ideology one must deny all other ideologies.  To say one is open-minded and accept all ideologies is illogical, for the ideologies must conflict with one another and cannot thereby all be true.  At least the Brethren have this much wisdom: they stand by what they claim is truth and deny all else.  It seems your Prophet will say and believe anything that promotes his own position.  I would not devote my life to such a cause if I know not to what I am committing!”  
“Hush,” said the man, “to speak thus is heresy and the punishment is quite severe.  You will be lucky to be put out of the caravan with a lashing, but worse could certainly befall you.”  
The boy was aghast, “you cannot speak out against this man without fear of retribution?”  
The man said, “half the party objected recently and left in shame.  The rest of us dare not do anything to incur the wrath of the Prophet.  They had the strength of numbers, but the devotees that remain will certainly abandon anyone to their just fate who refuses to follow the Prophet.  If you disagree, it would be best if you simply rode away and said nothing.  But what of the strangers with whom you rode in?”  
The boy smiled grimly, “they are of the Brethren and shall certainly not hold their tongues, even though it cost them their lives.”  
The man said, “then it very well might.”

They traveled for many days with the curious party.  They traveled from midmorning until the light failed, and listened raptly to the Prophet before setting forth in the morning and after pitching camp for the evening.  The Brethren circulated throughout the party, speaking with each individual but found none willing to leave their cause.  Most were fervent, for they trusted greatly in their leader and had sacrificed much to follow him, thus they would not easily forsake the Prophet.  The rest were cowed by the strict punishment for heretics and rebels.  Dissenters could ride away quietly but they left their family and friends and had nothing to return to, those that made trouble would be severely punished.  The Prophet seemed to tolerate the heretical Brethren within the party and was greatly amused at their failing efforts.  The majority of the party held them to be weak-minded fools and many terrible things were muttered about them when they were not present to hear.  
Morin spent time speaking with the various individuals within the company as well as spending time with his family and the Brethren.  He was a dupe of neither the Brethren nor the Prophet and thought himself the only person in the caravan with an open mind.  He wondered what the Prophet was up to and knew that the mounting tension with the Brethren in the party could not continue for long.  Things must soon be decided and whatever the outcome, it would not be pleasant.  The Brethren had spoken much to the boy of their own private concerns and fears concerning the Prophet and his followers; the boy had shared what he had learned from his family and various others.
Dunnok said one evening as they sat alone around their fire with the boy, “I do not see how this man holds such influence over these people.  It would be easier to sculpt marble with a spoon than to change their minds regarding the Prophet.”  
Baine said, “these people set out in pursuit of a dream and sacrificed all to follow that dream.  The more one gives to follow a cause, the less willing you are to abandon said cause.  To tell them that they sacrificed everything for nothing is not something they want to hear.  To shatter the greatest hope of one’s life is also a pain they wish not to endure though perhaps it is a kindness after all.”  
The boy said, “you want them all to turn from the Prophet to the Master?”  
Dunnok said, “we would rejoice if all men turned to the Master but that is not possible, especially for these who have been so ideologically abused.  If we manage to convince them of their folly in following this man, they will be very wary about submitting to another dogma.  Our greatest hope is to inspire them to follow the Master, but for now we must be content to convince them of the dangers of the man they are following.  We must then pray that the Master soften their hearts and open their minds to His grace and power.”  
The boy said, “I know not what I think of the Master but I know the Prophet is dangerous and must not be allowed to continue his abuse of my father and his people.”  
“That is an excellent point young man,” said the Prophet from behind them, “the time is most certainly come for this little conflict to be resolved.  I would be quite pleased if you three would join everyone else around the bonfire in the center of the camp.”
They exchanged a nervous but determined look and followed the man back to the main part of the camp.  The entire company was indeed gathered there before a great fire.  The Prophet mounted his favorite crate and stood before the fire, whose light shone upon him and made him look some fiery fiend from beyond.  He motioned for the Brethren to stand before him, cast into darkness by his shadow.  The boy stood with his family.  
The Prophet began in an ominous and chilling voice that made one fear finding oneself the object of his scorn, “we have heretics among us my children.  For a time I allowed them to circulate among you to test your faith.  They preach a message contradictory to what we believe and have given all to pursue.  These men would have you abandon even that to follow an imaginary being.  We know the truth even if they would deny us our freedom to pursue it.  These men have been given ample chance to ride away unhindered but have chosen to remain and torment us with their folly.  You have done well in resisting their influence and I applaud each of you.  But the time has come to end their folly ere they contaminate the world with their idiocy as their kind is wont to do.  What say you my faithful and beloved people?  How shall we deal with these intruders?  You know what is prescribed for those who remain among us but refuse our doctrines.”
The people were silent for a moment and then one voice began chanting, “death to the traitors.”  That lone voice was soon joined by all the others, as their numbers grew so did their confidence.  
The Prophet smiled grimly and raised his hands, allowing silence to resume.  He said, “justice then shall be done my friends, but who is to carry it out?  You have passed sentence and it must be you that carries it out.  Weakness and fallacy cannot be allowed to endure.”  
The crowd murmured darkly with far too much eagerness.  Suddenly Morin’s voice said, “but who has declared that disagreement with the Prophet must be met with fatal results?  Have these men done anything worthy of death?  Is a difference in opinion to be punished so?  How can you consider yourselves enlightened individuals if you destroy all those with whom you disagree?  A society based upon such principles is not paradise but tyranny.  If you are not allowed the freedom of thought, your other freedoms are also taken from you.  Do this and you ensure your own doom, at least the doom of anything remotely human within you.”  
The crowd’s murmur became one of anxiety and the Prophet said, “another heretic it seems.  Let him also suffer the fate reserved for those who would deny humanity its rightful due.”  
The boy was pushed out of the crowd and into the open space where the Brethren stood, some distance from the Prophet.  Morin joined his companions and wondered what he had gotten himself into.  He was not ready to die; he should have ridden off and held his tongue.  He suddenly wondered if there might not be something beyond this life, but the brink of death was a poor place for philosophical reflections that should have been resolved long ago in the prime of life and thought.  He whispered quietly to his fellows in condemnation, “I know our time grows short but can I yet seek your Master?  I am not ready to face an eternity of darkness.”  
Baine smiled grimly, “there is yet hope while you draw breath but I suggest you hurry in your contemplations, for I think the crowd will not give us much longer to decide.  I do not see an easy way out of this.  You have sold your life valiantly and I pray you die not in vain.”  
Their quiet conversation was cut off as the Prophet said, “they have distracted us long enough.  Let an end be made of them.  Let every hand take part in the end of their lunacy!”  
“But he is my son!” mourned Lord Harin, “He is just a misguided boy!  He needs time to understand our ways.”  
The Prophet scoffed, “he has had plenty of time to assimilate or to move on.  He should not have spoken so rashly.  I am however willing to forgive this once, if he will repent and seek our truth.  Well boy?”  
The boy smiled grimly, “I stand by my words and will not turn from them to spare my life.  It is better to die a free man than live with tyranny of the mind!  Do unto me what you must but know you shall forever rue this day, tormented each moment by your guilt-ridden conscience.”  
“He has condemned himself, destroy them!” encouraged the Prophet.  
“You cannot kill my son!” screamed the desperate father, “It is not right!”  
The Prophet growled, “wish you to share in his fate?  Your whole family shall suffer if you do not relent in this heresy.”  
The Prophet had hoped this would rouse the mob into an even greater fury of self-righteousness but it had the opposite effect.  If this man’s family could be so threatened, what was to stop the Prophet from doing the same to everyone else?  Suddenly all the things the Brethren had been saying for the last few weeks began to awaken anew within each mind and the boy’s words stirred them to greater thought than they had applied to the matter in many months.  They began to murmur against the Prophet and his apparent abuse of their willingness to believe in his outrageous ideals.  These men were willing to die for their beliefs but the Prophet was only willing to kill for his.  They meant nothing to him, while the Brethren would risk their lives to show their concern for everyone within the company.  With righteous anger at the Prophet and themselves for believing him, the mob swarmed forward but parted around the stunned Brethren and boy to engulf the Prophet upon his box.  When the human tide receded, the trampled body of the once great Prophet was all that remained of his earthly self.  They gazed upon the corpse in horror and relief and then looked to the Brethren for leadership.  
They would have spared the man his tragic fate but he had brought it upon himself and there was nothing they could have done to save him.  The aggrieved and confused company now listened eagerly to the Brethren and their tales of the Master.  Many were the hurting hearts that were assuaged and great was the hope that was kindled, for now each life had purpose and meaning, and each soul knew it was loved beyond measure by the Object of its worship.  It was decided that the party would pursue its wiser half and see what adventures awaited in the north.  They had nothing to return to and no wish to settle just yet.  They traveled north, found their kin, and were joyfully reunited.  They never did find a place to settle and ever after wandered along the borders of civilization and the wildlands, surviving by trade, hunting, and odd jobs they accomplished along the way; thus were born the gypsies.


Chapter 10

The Brethren and Morin rode for Astoria after a great farewell from the wanderers.  The hearts of all were greatly saddened at the parting but the Master’s hope and peace lightened the burden of parting.  “You do not wish to remain with your kin?” asked Baine of the boy as they rode.  
The boy laughed, “I have just begun to contemplate the intricacies of the Master.  I must return to Astoria and learn all I can that I might return and teach my people the Truth!”  
They were quite astounded by the changes wrought in the boy; a few days ago he had been a skeptic but now he went forth with all the eagerness of one who knows he has found truth and purpose.  They traveled across the plain as the vestiges of fall faded into the first bitter winds of winter.  The leaves had long since perished and the trees stood watch like so many skeletons as their road took them again into the forested east.  It was a night of drenching rain that refused to turn to snow, though the wind was cruel enough to hint at the possibility, that the trio took shelter at an inn and gratefully sat before the fire and listened to the locals talk.  The conversations were not of weather and the status of the local farm economy but were of a far more sinister nature.  An ogre had come out of the north just as autumn was fading and had taken up residence nearby.  The thing was making a veritable nuisance of itself and already several of the local lord’s men had fallen trying to kill it or drive it off.  It raided the sheep pens, left great footprints in the saturated fields, and was blamed for the disappearance of more than one village child.  The Brethren listened with interest, for ogres were thought all but extinct and those that remained dwelt far to the north.
Ogres were mindless creatures but looked like large, hairy humanoids whose great arms were long enough to drag on the ground.  They were not as cunning as goblins but their bulk and strength could make one just as destructive as a mob of the lesser fiends.  They preyed on anything foolish enough to stray into their path and often took advantage of carrion.  They sheltered in caves but their skin was thick enough (as were their heads) that sleeping in the open did not bother them though they preferred to sleep indoors if they could.  While they were a menace to mankind, who destroyed them if they could, it was the dragons that had nearly decimated the grotesque race.  They competed for the limited number of suitable caves in the more hospitable parts of the continent and the dragons considered them a nuisance.  The things were not cunning in battle but one needed a lance to make a dent in their thick hide.  The Brethren thought to make an end of the creature before returning to Astoria, but first they would have to acquire a lance somewhere.  
Dunnok said to Baine, “I suppose you are fairly adept in the handling of such a weapon?”  
Baine smiled, “during the Wars I was quite skilled, but I have not wielded a lance in five decades!”  
Dunnok laughed, “I think it shall come back to you but the larger question is where to acquire such a weapon?”
“Pardon me, my fine sirs, but I might be able to oblige you,” said a scratchy voice.  
They turned to see a short, stoop shouldered man with an unshaven face before them.  “And who might you be, my good man?” asked Baine.  
The man laughed huskily and said, “I be the Junkman.”  
Baine laughed, “and would you have a lance in usable condition, my fine Junkman?”  
The man smiled, “I think I can accommodate your wishes sir, but my price may not be agreeable to such as yourselves.”  
Dunnok asked, “and what is this objectionable price?” 
The man smiled and said, “why, you must take me with you wherever you go.”  
“And why,” said Baine, “would a gentleman like yourself wish to saddle himself with two old warriors who ever wander the world and often find themselves in dire predicaments?  One day we will not survive and you would not like to meet such an end I would think.”  
The man laughed, “you think wrong, for I am older than even you my fine sirs.  I do not fear death, only tedium, and this place has grown tedious of late.  I be a Junkman and a Junkman needs adventure, excitement, and the inevitable interesting junk produced by such endeavors.  You are warriors and certain to have such adventures.”  
Dunnok laughed, “you intrigue me my friend.  We are bound for Astoria and you may accompany us thence but after that it is up to the Lady whether you are allowed to travel again in our company.  Will that suffice you?”  
The Junkman smiled with no teeth, “I think I can live with that.  Astoria shall certainly yield some interest, if nothing else.  Why might the Lady bar me from yourselves?”  
Baine said, “we are of the Brethren thus we have no say over much of our lives.”  
The man laughed, “idealists, this shall be interesting.”
The next morning they looked over the lance and found that it was in passable condition.  Then they set off to rid the country of the ogre.  The beast sat outside a rent in a hillside that he could hardly squeeze through when he wished.  He looked up eagerly at those who had so thoughtfully come to provide him with breakfast.  Baine had found some ill-fitting armor amongst the Junkman’s paraphernalia and shut the visor on his helmet.  His mount reared, screamed a challenge, and they charged.  The others stood at a distance, for the horses were nervous around the monster.  Baine caught the thing full in the chest before the lance snapped, sending him flying from the saddle.  He shakily got to his feet and took off the helmet that he might better see.  His sword would probably not hurt the thing, but the ogre most certainly would hurt him if it caught him.  He swung into his saddle and the unicorn revealed his full glory, which caused the injured ogre to pause a moment, but not being the brightest of creatures, it thought that perhaps the horned beast would make a tasty snack.  
The unicorn screamed his fury and buried his horn in the creature’s leg, severing the great artery that coursed through the thigh.  The thing roared with pain as the unicorn struggled to pull his bloodstained horn free before the monster collapsed.  Baine removed the rest of his confining armor and cleaned his mount’s horn; the unicorn was quite pleased with himself.  The Junkman galloped down the slope that led to the monster’s cave, flung himself from his saddle, and explored the depths of the cavern but came away disappointed by the treasures therein.  He was not interested in gnawed bones, odd shaped rocks, and club-like logs that had once been whole trees.  They turned their mounts and headed home.  A small child in the area had heard about the ogre and she named him Kerfluffle.  Her mother said, “you know that the monster will steal you away if you are not a good girl?”  
The girl looked at the pile of dishes and the great pot she had yet to scrub and said, “perhaps that would not be such a bad thing.”  Ever after the tale of Kerfluffle the Ogre terrorized children into obeying their parents.

“A Junkman?” asked the perplexed Lady, as her returned servants stood before her.  
“Nay Lady,” said the Junkman, “for I am The Junkman.”  
Still not understanding, she nodded and said, “welcome to Astoria, whatever your occupation.  And to what do we owe the pleasure of your presence?  I thank you for the aid you rendered my servants in overcoming the ogre.”  
The man smiled as if he had slain the monster himself and said, “the price rendered for my services was that I might follow along with these fine fellows in their pursuits.”  
The Lady said, “it is not usually our custom to send civilians along on such errands, especially civilians with no imminent purpose.”  
The Junkman said, “but what of the boy?  He is no warrior yet went with these men on their former errand.”  
The Lady smiled, “yes but he had something vital to accomplish and did so splendidly.  Morin you have my deepest thanks.  You are dismissed, that I may hinder you no longer in finishing your studies.”  He smiled broadly if much embarrassed, bowed deeply, and fled the Lady’s presence.  
“Lady,” said the Junkman, “I do not fear death and if something should happen to me, it would be of my own doing.”  
The Lady said, “I dare not risk a soul in a needless endeavor that is not sworn to the Master, especially when such a one might endanger my servants’ lives.  I am sure you mean well, but they would feel it their duty to sell their lives for yours should it be necessary and I will not have them take that risk for no purpose but your own lust for adventure.  Take your Oath and then I will send you where I will but until then you shall not go.”  
The Junkman was taken aback, “but I do not wish to become your servant.”  
The Lady smiled, “then you shall not accompany them.”  The argument seemed finished and they bowed themselves out.
The Junkman was quite put out and said to Baine as they walked down the corridor, “why will your Lady not accommodate me?  Why did you not put in a good word for me?”  
Baine smiled, “one does not gainsay the Lady in such matters.  I would rather face that ogre unarmed!  But she certainly has the right of it.  You would do nothing but endanger others and yourself in such an endeavor and to what gain?  No, it must be as the Lady has spoken.  Is there aught we can do to aid you while you remain with us?”  
The Junkman snorted, “I see nothing to interest me here save old tales but perhaps there is something of interest in the city?  I shall explore a bit and if I come across a proper adventure I shall return and beg your aid.”  
The Brethren exchanged an amused smile as the man hurried on his way with only a slight limp.  He left the castle and made his way through the city that continued to grow year by year.  He explored the market and the inns and the various shops that sold all manner of curiosities but failed to find an ancient treasure map or a mysterious key that might unlock a chest of secrets.  He sighed and returned to the castle after several days of searching.  He found Baine again teaching a class, this time Morin proved a less impertinent student.  He smiled when he saw the Junkman sitting at the back of the room looking rather dejected.  He would probably return home and continue to peddle his junk.  Baine finished his class and then approached the disappointed man.  
“No adventures to be had,” sulked the Junkman, “what am I to do?”  
Baine smiled and said, “I am afraid you must seek elsewhere for adventures my friend, but why seek such things anyway?”
The Junkman laughed grimly, “I do not want to die of old age.  I have traveled much of the world in search of junk and ever it intrigues me.  Why will the Lady not grant my wish?”  
Baine said, “for she does not wish to end your life or ours before absolutely necessary.  This job is risky enough without adding unnecessary burdens.  Unfortunately your reason for seeking to accompany us is rather selfish and that is one thing that is anathema to the Brethren.”  
The man gaped, “how do you avoid such a common human failing?”  
Baine smiled ruefully, “only the Master’s strength makes it possible and even then we sometimes fail, even with the best will in the world.”  
The man laughed, “I thought you Brethren very nearly perfect.”  
Baine smiled, “we aspire to perfection but only the Master is beyond fault.  We are still human and will be prone to error as long as life lasts.”  
“A good reason to become suicidal,” said the Junkman, with an eager look entering his eyes, “what if I threatened to kill myself if your Lady continues to deny my request?”  
Baine looked stricken, “she would still deny you.  Do not be a fool!”  
“At my age,” laughed the man, “foolishness is all you have left.  I am going to visit a dragon.  They are well known to possess all manner of junk.  It shall certainly be an adventure and I may even survive it.”  
“This is madness!” said Baine, “With their memories they are still quite testy about the Wars!  It would be suicide to approach a dragon uninvited.”  
“Fine by me,” laughed the man grimly as he left to pack.  Baine ran to tell the Lady.
She did not look pleased at his announcement and said, “I suppose you had best go with him.”  
“Me!?” squawked Baine, “The dragons would be right in killing us both for my part in that terrible conflict.”  
The Lady smiled sadly, “perhaps, but someone must at least attempt to keep the man safe.  Besides, it has been half a century since we heard from the creatures and it is time I sent my greetings.  Why not seek out Editha, she is more congenial than most dragons of late.”  
Baine blanched, “but my behavior at the peace conference was reprehensible and it was she I offended.”  
The Lady smiled, “you also offended the Brethren and we have forgiven you.”  
Baine smiled ruefully, “I suppose I had best offer my apologies to the draconian lady as well.”  
She smiled and said, “may the Master ride with you!”  
He bowed himself out and went to find the Junkman before he left the city.  “You are coming with?” said he in astonishment, “I had never thought to ask if the Lady would let you accompany me.  Now why did I not think of that?  So you know a dragon we can visit then?”  
Baine said, “yes, it was she that negotiated peace between men and dragons at the end of the War.  We have not had dealings with the dragons since.  She was also a dragon I greatly offended at the time in my own misguided arrogance.  I am to apologize to the dragon and give her the Lady’s greetings and ask how things go with her people.  She may destroy me for my temerity.  Are you sure you are willing to die in such an endeavor?”  The man laughed as they set off for the dragon’s lair.
They rode as quickly as a horse could go in the miserable weather and far too soon arrived at the mouth of the dragon’s cave.  She was not at home when they arrived and it was all Baine could do to keep the inquisitive Junkman from going into the cave to sift through the dragon’s hoard; Baine could think of no better way to commit suicide and the Junkman could not think of a better way to die.  He was not suicidal, just convinced that dying of old age was not an honorable way to go about it.  “Well what are we going to do now?” asked the disappointed rogue.  
Baine said, “wait.  She will return eventually, I am sure.”  
“And who is to say that I ever left?” said a female voice of gigantic proportions.  Both men jumped as they saw a green draconian head peek over the ridge that held her cave.  She did not look pleased when she said, “I recognize your voice and I am not happy to renew our acquaintance.  Why can you not leave us in peace?”  
Baine sighed, bowed deeply, and said, “lady, I must apologize for my behavior upon our last meeting, I was an arrogant fool and ask your forgiveness.”  
She gawked at him, but a hint of a smile touched the edges of her great mouth, as she said, “this is something quite unlooked for.  What has brought about this sudden change of heart?”
Baine gaped at her.  Sudden?  It had been nearly fifty years!  She saw his surprise and then remembered how short a time humans lived and how long a time it must seem to one of his fragile race.  He said, “the lesson was brought painfully home to me that I had no right to pursue an unjust war and I was persisting out of my own pride and stubbornness.  I now ride for the Brethren and find the work much more agreeable.”  
She smiled fully now and said, “I am quite pleased to learn you have found a more honorable pursuit.  Now what brings you to my door?  I doubt you came only to apologize?”  
Baine laughed, “no lady.  I bring greetings from the Lady of Astoria and am also to inquire after the fortunes of your people in the intervening years.”  
She yawned, showing massive teeth, and said, “I return your Lady’s greetings.  Tell her also that my people are as well as can be expected.  Is there aught else in your errand?”  
He smiled and said, “my friend here wanted to meet a dragon and if possible, inspect its hoard.  The Lady thought I might accompany him, hoping that he not fall into disaster.”  
The dragon snorted, “it is quite a rude thing you ask.  It is like asking to sort through a lady’s most intimate apparel.”  
The Junkman blushed and said, “forgive me lady, but I am a great lover of antiquities and it is said your kind possess the most magnificent and rare of such treasures, but pardon my temerity, for I did not know it was so improper.”  
She seemed appeased by his comments and strangely pleased and said, “I suppose since you are a professional, that it would not be taken amiss.”  
The Junkman’s eyes nearly fell out of his head with joy.  The Junkman followed the dragon deep into the cave and began sifting through her varied collection; murmured sounds of amazement and joy echoed from the depths of the cavern.  Baine stood outside, enjoying his friend’s amazement but not wishing to confine himself in a cave with the pair of antiquity enthusiasts.  A great shadow blocked the weak winter sun as Baine’s mount screamed in terror.  Baine reached for his sword but it would not avail him against the hulking black dragon that had just landed in the clearing outside the cave.  He looked scornfully at the pitiful human and easily swept him up in a great, clawed fist.  The wretched creature clawed vainly at the offending hand but to no avail.  Amused by the man’s struggles, the great monster roared for Editha to come forth.  The rather grumpy green dragon emerged from her cave, unhappy to see who her visitor was and greatly dismayed to see that he had captured the poor man.  
“This is highly improper,” scowled the green dragon, “if anyone arrived at your lair without a proper invitation or at least an announcement, you would become quite violent, I am sure.”  
The vile creature laughed, “but then you greens are so pathetically weak that I fear no such reprisal thus I feel quite free to trespass upon your property.  Besides, you should thank me, for I caught this pest sneaking about.  I feel about humans the way they feel about mice: pesky, bothersome things.”  
The green growled, “he is my guest, release him.”  
The monster said, “I spared one of these wretched creatures for you before but not this time.  I shall amuse myself by watching it die slowly.”  The unicorn revealed his true form, ran into the clearing before the dragon, reared, and screamed his fury.  The monster laughed deeply, “how charming, this wretched thing is one of the Brethren, even better!”  
Editha said in horror, “you cannot do this.”  
The monster smiled, “and who is going to stop me?  I know you will not.”  
He was right, the female was much smaller than he and would stand little chance in a fight with such a monster and the human would certainly die in the process.  He grinned viciously and the green looked utterly pathetic.  He looked at the anxious unicorn and snarled, “I would kill you as well, vile thing that you are, but I know you will suffer far more knowing your master dies slowly and there is nothing you can do to aid him.”  He leapt into the air and carried Baine with him.  
The Junkman crept from the mouth of the cave with a look of utter horror on his face and said, “we must go after him!”  
Editha shook her head miserably, saying, “I cannot best him in a fight, and I think you would have a hard time defeating him, even with a lance, for a brute that large would never fall to such a weapon.  I hate to say it but only dragonsbane can save your friend.  I doubt you have any of the vile stuff about your person?”  
The Junkman said, “I have no weapon or skill that will defeat the monster.  Is all hope lost?  What will come of poor Baine?”
Editha looked grim, “black dragons take great pleasure in cruelty, especially cruelty to those they consider their enemies, such as the Brethren.  Your friend will suffer a terrible death by his hand.”  The dragon, the unicorn, and the man all exchanged mournful looks of despair but suddenly the dragon perked up and said, “perhaps there is some hope.”  She waddled back into the cave and soon emerged with an ornately carved box in her claws.  She said, “this box was seized in a raid during the wars and I have never been able to open it.  Perhaps you know the trick?  Inside might rest our salvation.”  
The Junkman studied the box and said, “I have seen one other like it.  Each has its own secret to unlocking it, but perhaps I can discover the trick.”  He meddled with it for a time, regretting each lost moment but finally it snapped open.  Inside lay several ornate weapons with a small dragon emblazoned in green upon the hilt.  The Junkman’s eyes were wide, “these are tainted with dragonsbane!  The dragon insignia makes it certain, but I can wield no weapon greater than a dagger.”  
The dragon said, “well take a dagger and let us see if we can make use of it.  The sword is no more likely to pierce his hide than the dagger.  Let us away ere it is too late.  You know well that you might die in the process of saving your friend?”  
The man said, “it is my fault he is in such dire straits.  I shall die of guilt if I stand by and do nothing.  It is a risk I am willing to take.  How are we to find his lair?”  
Editha said, “the unicorn can find him.”  The creature screamed his agreement, allowed the Junkman to mount, and they were soon on their way.

They pressed as hard as the unicorn could run but the Junkman still felt it was not fast enough.  The unicorn grew more desperate with each passing hour as he felt Baine’s increasing distress.  Finally they came to a great cavern in the base of a massive ridge.  The monster sat outside, as if waiting for them, and said, “so you are fool enough to follow.  The more the merrier I suppose, are you ready to die human?”  A great claw swung down and swept the Junkman from the unicorn’s back.  The Junkman clutched the tainted blade in his hand and wondered if he would even live long enough to try using it.  The monster however wanted to taunt his prey before killing it and held it close, that he might look it in the eyes and see its despair.  
The Junkman had little skill with a sword but he was quite adept in throwing and using a dagger.  As the monster taunted, he timed carefully and threw the tainted blade in one desperate grasp at survival.  The dagger embedded itself in the creature’s tongue and the effect was nearly immediate.  His eyes rolled up in his head and he fell dead to the ground with a great moan.  As his grip loosened on the Junkman, he leapt away from the falling bulk, hoping he would not be crushed.  The second the creature fell and the man had leapt free, all three of them ran without a word to find Baine.  The Junkman was perhaps the first man in history to slay a large black dragon with a dagger, but he took no pride in his feat; his only thought was for his imperiled friend.  It was not hard to find Baine but it was nearly impossible to recognize him.
The creature had been swift in carrying out his promise to kill the man slowly; what remained was hardly recognizable as a man.  Baine clung to life and might linger several days if left as he was.  What looked a great door, as of a barn, leant against one side of the hill and to it Baine had been nailed.  He was in a condition too terrible to describe, missing various parts of his limbs, facial features, and strips of skin.  The monster had even applied tourniquets to the severed limbs that his victim might not bleed to death too quickly.  The three could hardly look upon him without growing nauseous or shuddering at the thought of his agony.  The unicorn was the most upset of them all, he could heal his master but dared not.  While the physical torment might end, he would still likely die a lingering death from the way the wounds would heal.  The unicorn’s gift could not restore a severed limb but would heal the stump.  The same would apply to all else that had been cut away.  Baine was glad to see his friends but not even that could lessen his torment.  His eyes were filled with unutterable pain and sorrow for the plight of his wretched unicorn.  
Editha said quietly, “can the unicorn heal him?”  The creature shook his head miserably, knowing the cure might be worse than Baine’s current state.  The dragon said, “then there is no choice.  We must end his torment.”  She looked expectantly at the others.  The unicorn shook his head adamantly, he had not the heart to kill his master and he was strictly forbidden from taking innocent life.  
The Junkman looked stricken, “you cannot ask such a thing of me!  I cannot kill an innocent man.”  
The dragon looked at the pair and sighed, “it must be done, and if you two have not the stomach or the courage then that leaves only me.”  Baine was too distracted with pain to notice the conversation but he turned agonized eyes upon the dragon as she raised a claw to strike; he now understood what she intended but though it might be a relief, he could not ask it of her.  His eyes begged her to stay her claws even through his agony.  She paused momentarily, but then determination rose again in her eyes, but before the fatal blow could be struck, she was flung back by an irresistible force and blinded by a terrible light.  
The unicorn, the dragon, and the Junkman felt themselves driven to their knees by awe and fear.  The Master stood before them but paid them no heed as He looked full upon the suffering man; sorrow beyond measure filled His eyes, for He also bore the pain of His servant.  He gently touched His horn to the stricken man, and suddenly flesh and form were again whole; deepest joy had replaced the agony in his eyes and the Master’s eyes echoed his joy a hundred times over.  The cruel nails that had held him firmly in place now hindered him as little as mist and moonbeams.  He slid easily from his terrible confinement and knelt before the Master; tears of joy ran down his cheeks.  Finally the Master spoke, “you have suffered much child, but now shall joy abound the more.  Welcome home, My dear and faithful servant.”  Baine looked deeply into the Master’s eyes, smiled deeply, and suddenly vanished.  The Master then looked upon the three that remained.  He said to the grief-stricken unicorn, “your friend is safe in My keeping.  This has not been easy for you, but you have remained true.  Weep a little, but then take another rider and serve Me still.”  The unicorn reared, screamed for joy, and vanished into the surrounding woods.  
The Master then looked upon the weeping Junkman and said gently, “why do you weep?”  
The man said, “this would not have happened save for my own arrogance and pride.  He would not have suffered so had it not been for me.  How can I live with myself?”  
The Master said quietly, “you were wrong to act as rashly as you did with no thought beyond your own selfish desires, but you cannot blame yourself for the wanton cruelty of others.  You must let go of your guilt and allow Me to heal you.  Give Me your pain, your guilt, and your selfish desires.  Will you have Me?”  
The man looked up in astonishment, “you would forgive me after what I have cost Your servant?  After what I have cost You?”  
The Master smiled sadly, “I who need not know death or pain have suffered both on behalf of all My creatures, even you.  It is not a question of My willingness to forgive but of your accceptance of it.  Will you have Me?”  
He felt as if he had been seeking this all his life but had never quite found it; now he embraced it fully.  He said quietly, “if You will have me, I am Yours.”  
The Master smiled deeply, “then taste of My blood and enter My service.”  
The man made a face of distaste but did as he was bidden.  He was well past sixty but felt again the strength of thirty in his limbs, his stoop was gone, and the limp vanished.  He was still the same age, but to one of the Brethren, sixty was still very young.  He knelt once more before the Master; peace filled his heart.  
The Master then turned to the petrified dragon, who cowered before her relatively miniscule Maker.  He said sadly, “I am the Author of life and only I may say when a life ends, else it is nothing short of murder.  Your intentions were admirable but your method would have resulted in tragedy.  Until I say a life is finished, it must endure, for I still have some purpose for it.  Understood?”  
The pitiful creature quivered and whispered, “yes.”  
He smiled gently and said, “then be at peace, My daughter and listen to what you must do.  You must go to your people and remind them of Me.  Though their hide be black, green, or red it need not determine their behavior, though it was so at the Beginning.  Turn your people back to Me, that such a tragedy might not happen again, but more importantly that they might not lose their own souls.  But first I would have you return this man home.  Will you do as I ask?”  
She bowed even more deeply and whispered, “yes.”  He smiled at the dragon and the man, and then vanished.  The dragon and the former Junkman exchanged an amazed look before the creature scooped him up and bore him back to Astoria.


Chapter 11

The second the dragon’s feet had left the earth, a great earthquake shook that small corner of the world, burying the dead dragon and his terrible hoard in the depths of the earth, never again to be looked upon by mortal eye.  The dragon landed far enough away from the city that she might not be seen by casual observers and said as she loosed her passenger, “we have borne strange adventures together, but I think for a time I will be happy to visit my own kin and stay far away from the Brethren and the strange events that seem to attend them.  Farewell!”  She leapt again into the air, eager to speak with her kin as the Master had bidden her.  
He smiled in agreement and made his way back to the city afoot, wondering what the Lady would say when all was made known to her.  No one of course recognized the former Junkman, changed in feature as he was, but neither did they hinder him in gaining entrance to the castle, recognizing him immediately as one of their own, if a stranger.  He stood there for a moment, looking awkward, before he noticed the servant that seemed to be waiting his pleasure.  He said to the waiting man, “would you ask if the Lady has time to see me this day?”  
The servant said, “and whom shall I say is inquiring?”  
The Junkman smiled ruefully and said, “tell her the Junkman has returned.”  
The servant fought valiantly against a smile but ran off to ask after the Lady’s availability.  The guards standing nearby shared a good laugh with the poor Junkman until the servant returned; it was not a name befitting one of the Brethren.  The servant bowed and said, “she will see you immediately.”  
The Junkman followed obediently as the servant led him into the depths of the castle.  The servant announced him, he made his bows, and then went to one knee before the Lady.  Shock was plain upon her face at the enigma she saw before her.  She covered her surprise and said, “I know the faces of all my servants yet living.  I know you not, though you are plainly one of the Brethren.  Who are you?”  
The Junkman could not decide whether to laugh or cry, but in joy and sorrow he did both.  He managed to control his emotions enough to say, “Lady, you knew me once as the Junkman who left on selfish errand.  I return to you as one of your servants by the Master’s own hand, but I return alone, for one nobler than I perished on this misadventure.”  He then told his story.  Tears of sorrow and horror met his revelations of Baine’s terrible end, but when he told of the Master’s appearing, her weeping and horror were replaced by joy and the easier sadness of parting with a dear friend for a time.  He finished his tale and awaited her reply.  
She was silent for a few moments as she collected her thoughts, before saying, “a terrible tale but not without a joyous ending though perhaps not the strangest I have ever heard.  Now what to do with you?”
He laughed, “what to do with me?  Lady, I am your servant and you may do as you wish!”  
She smiled sadly and said, “first your name needs some renovation, it is not suitable for one of the Brethren.  Have you a proper name?”  
He said, “many long years ago I was called Hiram by my mother, but my pervasive interest in all things old and the amassing thereof led my father to calling me the Junkman and thus have I been since.”  
The Lady smiled, “then Hiram you shall be.  You must spend some months in Astoria learning all you must ere I loose you upon the world.  Have you an idea of which sect you would like to join?”  
The man laughed, “I am no warrior and no teacher, only a seeker after all things ancient and once useful.”  
She said, “then perhaps the Philosopher sect would be a good home for you and your archaic knowledge.  We have never had an antiquarian and I suppose it might one day be useful.”  
He smiled and said, “it shall be as you say.”  
He rose, bowed himself from her presence, and left to begin his life anew.  He spent many months in Astoria learning what all the Brethren were expected to know but also sharpening his knowledge of various forgotten artifacts and their lore.  Finally the day arrived when the Lady judged him ready for his first mission and also found a need for his unique skills.

She had had word from Dunnok in Galinar that during a raid upon a bandit camp, a certain orb of evil tendency had come into his possession.  The bandits said they had taken the thing from a man ambushed in the wilderness; they knew neither function nor purpose and were far too terrified of the object to attempt its usage.  An evil miasma seemed to emanate from the sphere and Dunnok felt very reluctant to even touch it.  It seemed an orb of dark glass but was far too heavy for its size.  It came protected in a velvet-lined box of simple wood.  The bandits had reported that some of their number had mysteriously vanished since the thing came into their keeping and they suspected murder and treachery.
The sphere and its box had been taken back to the capital of Galinar by the soldiers who had helped Dunnok end the bandit threat; the King and the soldiers wanted no part of the cursed sphere and asked if Dunnok would take it back to Astoria and away from Galinar.  Hiram was dispatched to retrieve the orb and to bring word to Dunnok of his next mission.  He arrived uneventfully in the country and was received promptly, as the King and soldiers were quite eager to have the thing out of the Kingdom.  When they were alone, Hiram said to Dunnok, “why is everyone so eager to have this thing out of their sight?”
Dunnok laughed grimly, “the bandits thought the thing cursed and now some are saying a vengeful ghost now haunts Galinar and will not rest until its vile orb is returned.  Several of the King’s men have been found dead or have suddenly vanished.  I do not doubt someone wants the orb but I do not think it some creature from beyond.”  
He carefully lifted the lid on the now infamous box; Hiram looked upon the orb with no more idea of its use or origin than anyone else.  He said, “this shall certainly be an interesting study, though I think you quite justified in refusing to touch the thing.  I would rather touch a venomous snake!”  
They spent the rest of the fading day in pleasant companionship and early the next morning, Hiram made ready to leave, much to the relief of all.  As Hiram was mounting to leave, Dunnok said, “I am glad to finally call you Brother!  May the Master ride with you and spare you the fate that has thus far befallen so many for that cursed sphere’s sake.  If I knew how, I would consider destroying it.”  Hiram’s unicorn whinnied his vehement agreement.  He did not like bearing such a burden, but he would do as his master asked.  Hiram smiled at his friend and then vanished into the crowded city.  Night was falling and the shadows had grown long to the point of vanishing when bowstrings sang and all the world went dark.
He awoke to find himself prone on the ground with a great pain in his side.  The unicorn was nowhere to be seen, nor could Hiram any longer sense his friend.  A great hulking man held his head aloft by the hair and laid a dagger to his throat.  The brute said to a man cloaked all in shadow, “shall I finish him?  You have what you seek, the fool is of no more use.”  
“Perhaps,” came the cold but refined voice of the shadowy man, “but wait a moment, I am curious.  Who are you and whence do you bear this sphere?  Your felled beast makes it obvious your allegiance is to the Brethren.  What do they want with my orb?”  
Hiram said weakly, “I am something of an expert in old and strange objects, an antiquarian as it were, and the Lady sent me to retrieve the orb, and if possible, discover its use.  Though now that I have seen it I think it best destroyed though I dare not even touch it.”  
The shadowy man seemed intrigued, “the knowledge of the Brethren is famous throughout the world and you have an interest in old things?  Perhaps I might have a use for you still.”  
Hiram laughed but winced for the pain in his chest, “you might as well kill me then for I will not aid you in anything that might bring harm to others.”  
The shadowy man laughed, “ah your precious Oath.  Fear not, I am a collector of old and beautiful things and greatly wish for you to tell me some of their history and lore in what time you have left.  It is all quite benign.  I doubt even I can engineer a way to harm the innocent with a tapestry!”
Hiram said, “in the time I have left?  You would kill me before ever you let me go anyway.”  
The man laughed coldly, “you have an arrow embedded quite deeply in your ribs and the greatest healer on earth cannot save you.  The wound fever will kill you if I do not.”  
Hiram nodded and said, “then let us see this collection of yours.  It will be an interesting diversion in the time that is left me.”  
The shadowy man said to the hulking figure, “put him in the coach.”  
The man lifted Hiram and bodily threw him into the contraption.  The minion handed his master up much more gently and then ascended to the driver’s seat and the coach rattled off.  The dark man clutched the orb’s box like a mother her newborn.  Hiram coughed weakly and said, “since I am going to die anyway, will you tell me what that thing is and why so many people have seemingly died for its sake?”  
The man laughed, “a true scholar even when your knowledge will soon be vain.  I shall oblige you for the service you will soon render me.  The orb is known as the Eye of Nez and is the greatest tool given to the leader of the Brotherhood of the Serpent: those men who give their souls in service to the Nameless One, the shadowy twin of the Brethren.  It was wrought by Nez many years ago through many dark rites, but the making died with him, leaving this our only specimen.  It passes from leader to leader upon the death of the former.  It calls out to the one so chosen and he cannot rest until it resides in his keeping.  It is used to look upon the servants of the Evil One throughout the world, to communicate with them, and even to hear from the Nameless One himself.”
He continued, “you were wise not to touch it for in doing so, one of your ilk would not only destroy the orb but also would have doomed the man who perpetrated the act.  Our former leader was killed by bandits and the orb seized, it then resided in Galinar, and finally I took it from you.  I was desperate to have the orb in my keeping and it was by my hand that so many have ‘vanished’ in my pursuit of it.  I sought either information or one willing to gain the Eye for me.  Are you satisfied?”  
Hiram nodded weakly and dozed for the remainder of the journey.  The sun was well risen by the time they reached the walled manor house that was home to the vile man.  Hiram had heard rumors of men such as this but never had he known they were a true brotherhood!  The vile man sent for the local dealer in herbs and cures and she did what she could for the stricken man but she gave him only days, perhaps a week, and much of that would be spent in the agony of the wound fever.  Hiram thanked her for her trouble and the vile man impatiently herded him into the house to begin their investigation into his antiquities.
The man certainly had an impressive collection of tapestries, paintings, statuary, weapons, and all manner of things strange and wonderful.  Much of it Hiram had no clue as to its origin or history but there were many pieces that he knew much about and his host was thrilled to be so enlightened.  The dark man also enjoyed Hiram’s honest admiration of his extensive collection.  He even showed Hiram the various oddities about the great house, which in itself was quite a specimen of ingenuity and artistry.  Evening was well advanced when they retired to the dark man’s private chambers.  He motioned for his captive to rest upon a handy sofa and said, “I am surprised you could maintain such a pace this day with your wound?”  
Hiram sighed with pain and exhaustion, “it was nearly impossible but I could not resist seeing all that I could in these last hours.  I do not think I will be able to make such an effort again, even now my strength wanes and the fever begins to gnaw at my being.”  
“We shall see what you are like on the morrow, for I have much yet to show you,” said the dark man, who smiled eagerly and said, “but you will find this next piece quite interesting.”  He brought out an intricately constructed manacle and chained Hiram to the divan by one wrist that he might not stray in the night.  He said, “this is a little contraption that I acquired when an acknowledged junk dealer suddenly disappeared and his collection was dispersed.  It is quite beautiful and also highly functional.  You might try meddling with the locking mechanism in an attempt to escape but I warn you, that unless you get the combination right on the first try you will find yourself poisoned by an ingenious little mechanism within the device which shall kill you faster than the wound fever.  Rest well, for I need more of your insight on the morrow.”  With this cheerful goodnight, the vile man left to attend to his nightly routine.
In the small hours of the night, Hiram risked freeing himself and was quite pleased to discover that this particular specimen had once been in his possession and long ago, after much trial and error, he had discovered the combination.  Free to roam about the room, he crept silently towards an alcove at the back of the room secluded by a great curtain.  Within he found the dark sphere upon its pedestal.  He knew what he risked, but he was already dying, perhaps this would speed the process.  He knew no other way to destroy the horrid thing and he knew he must not leave it in the hands of the enemy.  He reached up and touched the wretched sphere.  The thing began to shriek like an abused stringed instrument and it glowed red hot at its center before it went to utter blackness and shattered into a thousand fragments that pierced all in its path.  Hiram collapsed, clutching his hand, which was cold as the grave.  His fall saved him from the worst of the crystalline shrapnel but he still felt several fragments embed themselves in his flesh, where they burned like ice.  He lay prone on the carpet when his enraged host flung himself out of bed and rushed into the fray.  
“Fool!” shrieked the man, “What have you done?”  
Hiram laughed weakly, “your sphere is no more.”  
The man smiled coldly, “and soon you also shall die.  Look at your hand!  You have doomed my sphere and also yourself.  I warned you!”
Hiram looked at the hand he cradled and gasped in amazement; in the lamplight it looked the hand of a corpse three days dead and smelled just as bad.  The death like hue of his afflicted hand was slowly creeping up his arm and would eventually engulf either his chest or neck, which would kill him.  He would die of suffocation from dead lungs, his dead heart would not beat, or the decaying vasculature in his neck would fail to bear lifegiving blood to his head.  The man sneered, “I should kill you for your temerity, but this shall be far more interesting and the end shall be the same.”  He glanced to the door, where the hulking minion stood waiting anxiously for his master.  He had come bearing news but had been interrupted by the cacophony attending the orb’s demise.  “What is it?” growled the dark man.  
The minion cowered and said, “there is something you must attend to my lord.”  The man would not come at this hour unless it was of the utmost importance.  
He said, “very well.  Help me get this infidel back to the sofa and we shall see to this business of yours.”  
The minion picked up the stricken man and placed him ungently on the divan.  The minion asked, “shall we bind him?”  
The dark man laughed, “he can get into no more trouble.  He is weak to the point of collapse and shall be dead soon enough.  Leave him, and let us see what it is that is so important to disturb me at this hour.”
They withdrew, leaving Hiram alone with his dead hand and dying arm.  He could not feel anything but the stench was terrible.  His side throbbed and the weakness of the fever from the arrow wound turned his muscles to water.  He wondered which wound would kill him first; at least the creeping death was not painful.  He turned his head and started in surprise to find himself no longer alone in the room.  “Are you a figment of my fevered imagination?” asked the dying man.  
Baine laughed, “no my friend, the fever has not yet addled your mind, though you are certainly dying.”  
Hiram said, “if I am not dead or in a delirium, why am I seeing dead men?”  
Baine smiled, “speak respectfully of the dead, for you are practically numbered amongst us.  There is one last thing to which you must attend before life fails you utterly.  Dunnok came in pursuit when his mount felt yours fall.  He is now a prisoner in the deepest dungeons of this place.  You must free him, else he will soon be joining us in eternity.”  
Hiram nodded weakly, “and how is this to be accomplished?”  
Baine laughed, “I am but the messenger.  You must be the genius who comes up with the plan.  Were it not possible, the Master would not have given you this final task to complete.  Farewell my friend, it will not be long, so you must hurry.”  Suddenly he was gone and Hiram weakly stood.  The creeping death was nearly to his elbow; he figured he had less than an hour.
The house was riddled with secret passageways and little used servant corridors and the owner had happily shown his guest them all that morning.  He stumbled more than crept through the abandoned passages, leaning heavily on the wall for support.  He came to the very depths of the house and looked through a hidden peephole and saw Dunnok confined in a cell and secured to a chair with his hands bound behind his back.  The dark man and his minion were with him.  The dark man said, “what were you doing outside my house?”  
Dunnok said, “you hold a friend of mine here and I have come to free him.”  
The dark man laughed, “so who will rescue you?  Are there others in your party or are you alone?”  
Dunnok smiled ruefully, “I suppose I do need rescuing but I am alone.”  
The dark man said, “you are one of the Brethren then, like the other fool?”  Dunnok nodded.  The man continued, “you have no motives or intentions save to free your friend?”  
Dunnok said, “that is the only reason I am come.”  
The dark man said, “how did you know he was here?”  
Dunnok said, “my mount felt his die and we came to the rescue, trailed your coach, and bided our time but your thugs found me ere I could act.”  
The man smiled coldly, “then I suppose there is no further use I can make of you.  You shall die at dawn.  Your friend will not live to see the morning.  I go to watch him die even now.”  Shock at the fate of Hiram played across Dunnok’s face, but neither despair nor fear were found in his eyes.  The evil man laughed and said, “until tomorrow then.  This shall be an enjoyable day.”
The man and his thug left the dungeons.  Hiram quickly opened the hidden door and entered the room.  The key hung on a nail nearby and he easily entered the cell.  Dunnok looked up in surprise and said, “you look terrible.”  
Hiram smiled grimly, “for a dying man I think I look quite well.  Come, we have little time.”  
Dunnok laughed, “I came to rescue you and here you are rescuing me.  How is it you come to be running loose and why are you so despairing over your own future?”  
Hiram said, “the man discovered my passing interest in antiquities, and as I had taken an arrow in the ribs, he figured he might as well put me to use ere I died of the wound fever.  He has quite the collection of historical objects and I enlightened him on the history of some of his specimens.  He showed me his entire house, quite proud of its intricacy and secret corridors.  I managed to free myself and touch that terrible sphere, which destroyed it and is quickly killing me.”  He showed his dying arm, which was now well past the elbow.  He laughed, “at least I will be spared the wound fever.  Come, we have little time.”  He loosed the ropes binding his friend and they entered again the secret corridors, Hiram leaning heavily on his friend.
They took a winding route and reached the stables unseen.  Dunnok hitched up the pony to the muck cart, crawled under the tarp, and Hiram weakly crawled into the wagon seat and drove the pony out of the stable, into the yard, and out the back gate.  The soldiers did not hinder a man dressed as one of the grooms driving the muck cart away.  Hiram had never considered how hard it was to drive a cart with only one functional hand, but the pony knew his way and had little need of a driver.  Once out of sight of the house, Dunnok’s unicorn came racing up and whickered happily to his master.  He climbed into the saddle and said to his friend, “will you not come with me?”  
Hiram smiled sadly, “I would only slow you down.  I will be dead by the time they find me anyway.  Go my friend, and tell the Lady that that vile sphere is no more.”
The creeping death was now past the shoulder and making its eager way towards his vulnerable neck and chest.  He heard a ruckus from the direction of the house and galloping hooves.  They had discovered the Brethren were gone and there was little doubt in which direction the fugitives had fled.  Dunnok bid his friend a sad farewell, turned his mount, and vanished into the growing day.  The guards and the dark man were not long in coming.  The evil man was quite impressed by the man’s attempt to rescue his friend; he almost felt a pang of regret that such knowledge and ingenuity as the man possessed would soon pass from the earth.
Several of the guards held back and covered the cloaked man in the wagon seat with their bows.  The minion and another thug rode forward and demanded of the driver, “surrender now!”  There came no response save the sighing of the wind.  The irritated guard touched the stubborn man in the back with the tip of his sword.  There was no response.  He yelled, “surrender now!”  The man sat as if deaf.  The frustrated guard whacked him across the back with the flat of his broadsword, Hiram sprawled upon the ground unmoving and unseeing.  The whole body looked as if it were three days dead.  
The dark man said, “dispose of the fool, the other is obviously fled and you cannot catch a unicorn.”  He rode away slowly, disappointed to have lost such a knowledgeable mind.  He almost thought they could have been friends had their ideologies not clashed so terribly.  His dark master would not be pleased that the Eye of Nez had been destroyed.  The loss of the other fool was just collateral damage.  He shuddered, wondering if he would suffer some terrible fate for the destruction of such a precious artifact.  The creeping death was quite an ingenious means of death, he wondered why it had not been further explored as a means of destroying their enemies.  
He sought out the old witch, who dabbled in cures, for he knew the true source of her fell powers.  She said as he entered, “how may I aid you my lord?  Has your patient need of further assistance?”  
The man snorted, “the fool is dead but not of the fever.”
She gave him an intrigued look, “what happened?”  
He said, “I had in my possession a certain artifact with great power for those who dabble in darkness, but to the servants of the Master a simple touch is deadly, for it renders the flesh of those so accursed into a living death, which creeps up the arm and eventually consumes the body.  The orb itself was wrought years ago by forgotten rites and I am sure it cannot be replaced, for it was destroyed by a reciprocal process: it killed the man but he destroyed the orb.  I wonder if some new means of inflicting such a fate upon our enemies could be contrived?”  
The old woman shuddered, “you delve into things far beyond the ken of mortals!  Such things were wrought in ancient days and it is well they were forgotten, for terrible was their making!  Your Nameless master directed his servants upon other paths, for not even he felt the cost worth the gain.  There are more efficient ways to deal with such situations.  Be content with what you have; seek not such terrible gain or it will destroy you.”  
The man sneered, “my master is like to destroy me anyway for the loss of the artifact.  I need a way to get back into his favor.”  
The woman said quietly, “why would you seek the favor of such a creature if this is your reward?”  
The man started, “but you dabble in the same darkness I do!  What think you the true source of your skill?”
The woman laughed, “I dabble, you wallow.  Perhaps our souls are equally doomed but at least this side of death my life is my own.  You are fully a slave in life and ever after.”  
This sudden revelation of something he had always known but hidden from himself did not sit well with him.  He said, “why cannot the ritual be recreated?”  
The woman said, “if it cost a life to destroy I would assume the same price would apply to its creation.  Is it something you are willing to die for?”  
The man said, “it seems I am dead no matter what, but no.  There is much I must consider.”  
He left her then and went back to his great house, careful to keep away from any reflective surface be it a bucket of water, a mirror, or even a piece of silverware.  The longer he avoided such things the longer he might avoid the wrath of his master.  He sighed; he did not relish the thought of spending his life running away.  Perhaps it was better to face his fate, but then an eternity of such torment was not something he wished to endure.  He felt well and truly trapped.  Was there no way out?  He withdrew to his chambers and lay down on the couch that Hiram had recently vacated.  He hoped his vile master could not reach him in his dreams, for he could not survive indefinitely without sleep, and dreams were his only escape from the constant fear and dread of his future.  
It was certainly a dream, for everything beyond sight was fuzzy and irrelevant.  He wandered about his house with Hiram and for a time they discussed this or that artifact as they had done the previous day.  Finally Hiram turned to his companion and said, “there are more important things to which we must attend.”  The man was startled by the sudden change of subject but nodded in agreement as they found themselves seated on the divan in his private chambers.  Hiram smiled and said, “this is no mere dream.”  
The man had thought as much and said, “then you are truly yourself and not some figment of my own imagining?”  
Hiram nodded, “you are running away from the darkness, but it will overtake and destroy you unless you relinquish it and seek the Master.”  
“Why should I seek the Master?” scoffed the uneasy man, “If I forsake the dark why must I seek the light instead?  Why cannot I be my own master?”  
Hiram said bluntly, “for only He can offer you shelter from the Evil One.  If you will not seek Him but repudiate the darkness, you may be your own master for a time but the end will still be the same.  If you are not the Master’s, you belong to the Nameless One.”  
The man looked stricken, “I must think on this.”  
“What is there to think on?” hissed another voice, “You belong to my master and he shall destroy you, unless you return willingly to him.  He is not pleased with the loss of the Eye nor your teetering on the verge of desertion.  What has this dead man to offer you?  My master can give you immortality!”  
Hiram said, “all men are destined for eternity, but it is a question of how we choose to spend it.”
The creature was one of those vile reptiles from the pit, the greatest servants of the Evil One.  “Listen not to this fool,” muttered the monster, “for who could trust the advice of one whose pride led his friend to a terrible death at the hands of a black dragon?”  
The man shuddered at the thought and looked in surprise at Hiram, and asked, “is this true?”  
Baine suddenly joined the little party and said, “it bears a seed of truth, but of course this fiend has twisted the true tale to meet its own ends.  It was I that suffered that end, but know that it casts no shadow upon my friend’s words.”  
The monster hissed, “leave him to me fools!  You have no business here; he belongs to my master and is of no interest to you.”  
Baine laughed, “he currently chooses to belong to your master but he still has a choice to make.  Who knows what he may yet decide and until the final decision is come, the Master has an interest in this man, for his soul is not yet beyond His reach.”  
The creature stalked forward and said to the dark man, “come my friend, touch me, and all your dreams will come true!”  
Hiram said, “touch him not or you will not waken.”  
The creature snarled, “you keep out of this!”  
The reptile dashed towards the man, but Baine intercepted him and the pair suddenly vanished.  The dark man said in surprise, “if that thing had touched me, I would die?”  
Hiram smiled grimly, “had you touched it willingly.  If it had tackled you and you did not choose to touch it, you would have simply awoken.”  
“What happened to your friend?” asked the man.  
Hiram said, “the pair are opposing forces as it were, much like two ends of a magnet.  They repelled each other out of your dream and have returned to their more usual surroundings.”  
The man said, “was what the creature said about you true?”  
Hiram smiled sadly, “it is a long and sad tale but yes, my selfishness led my friend to disaster, but I have since repented and am quite a different man, by the Master’s grace.”  
The man said, “then there is hope even for me?”  
Hiram smiled, “until your last breath there is always hope.  But ware, your life is in danger.  When you wake, be ready to face a sudden foe.  If your heart is willing to know more, ride for the inn in the village half a day’s ride east.  Farewell!”  Hiram reached out and touched the man, who suddenly awoke to find his great, hulking minion standing above him with a dagger raised to strike.  He rolled from the sofa and the man buried the knife in the cushions.  He scrambled to his feet, grabbed the sword hidden nearby, and made ready to defend himself from his treacherous servant.  The man eagerly drew his own blade.
“What are you doing!” said the shocked man.  
The minion laughed, “you are a traitor to our dark master and I can get myself a promotion by making an end of you.”  
The man shook his head in frustration as they began to circle one another.  The minion was far more suited to grunt work and brute force than to swordplay, and was soon on his knees clutching his bloodied side.  The man wasted no more time and fled to the stables via the secret corridors.  He quickly saddled the nearest horse and galloped out of the yard ere anyone else could try to gain the Dark One’s favor by making an end of him.  He fled east, for he had nowhere else to go.

Dunnok had ridden far enough that he felt safe in stopping for the night.  He gratefully stabled his mount and fell into bed.  In a bright and sunny wood, he found himself walking along a peaceful riverbank with Hiram.  He said to his friend, “why am I dreaming of dead men?”  
Hiram laughed, “for sometimes the dead have words of wisdom to speak to their friends.  Remain at the inn for another day and tomorrow expect a visit from your former host.”  
Dunnok nearly stumbled in surprise and said, “what have I to do with him?  Did you not risk your life to free me of his influence?”  
Hiram smiled, “perhaps, but now it is your influence he seeks.  He is looking for a way out of his current dilemma and the Master is his only hope.  Farewell!”  Hiram vanished and Dunnok tripped on an exposed root, falling headlong into the river.  He awoke with a start, surprised to discover that he was not soaked to the bone.  He sighed when he realized the task set before him but turned over and tried to find what sleep he could.  
He sat in the common room most of the following day and finally his quarry came in.  He looked rather weary and confused but had come alone.  He glanced around the inn, not knowing quite what to expect but it certainly had not been an audience with his former prisoner.
Dunnok waved him over and said smiling, “it seems you are in need of someone to talk to.”  
The man smiled weakly, took a seat, and said, “I have been dreaming of dead men and this is at his behest.  Personally, I know not what to think.  Would you be willing to speak with me on certain matters though I held you hostage and killed your friend?”  
Dunnok laughed, “I have also dreamed of dead men and if the dead are willing to forgive their killers, who am I to deny a man simply for taking up a little of my time?  What is it you wish to know?”  
They spent a good hour speaking of the Master.  The sun was beginning to set and the normal evening crowd was starting to amble in, when the man suddenly stood in alarm, having recognized his former minion, but strong hands grasped his shoulders from behind and pushed him back into his seat.  Dunnok reached for his sword, but the thug that had crept up behind him cut his throat with a dagger before his hand had reached the hilt; he fell dead to the floor and the minion laughed, “now there is no one to save you.  Come, we shall see what our master would have done with you.  He is highly displeased.”  The man was nearly lifted from his chair by the man holding his shoulders.  He glanced in regret at his dead confidant and accompanied the thugs out into the night.  
Dunnok watched curiously as the little drama unfolded; Baine stood beside him, both unseen by the other patrons of the inn.  “What shall come of him?” asked Dunnok.  
Baine shrugged, “we have done all we can.  The decision now lies with him, though either way I think he is not long for this world.”  
Dunnok smiled ruefully, “I find it curious that the Master went to all the trouble of rescuing me yesterday only to have me die here!”  
Baine smiled, “who can know the reasons for anything that happens in life, save the Master?  But perhaps it was the only way this man might have a chance at saving his darkened soul?”  
Dunnok smiled, “the Master truly knows far better than I.  I just pray the price was worth it.”  
Baine said quietly, “the Master gave His life for ours, even though it did not guarantee anyone would actually take His sacrifice seriously.  He might also have died in vain.  But He still thought the price worth paying.”  
Dunnok nodded sadly, “by those standards, the cost of all else is small indeed!”  
Baine slapped his friend on the back and said, “come, we have lingered long enough in mortal lands.  We must return to our proper place.”  They exchanged a smile and vanished.  
Once they had disappeared, the disgruntled reptile that had invaded the antiquarian’s dream crept out of his hiding place, saying, “finally!  Those ghosts spent time enough jabbering on about nothing.  Have they not all eternity for such things?  Why must they interfere with my master’s business?”
He crept carefully towards Dunnok’s sprawled form and sniffed carefully.  Innocent blood had been spilled, thus the price had been paid.  It would be a pity to let such a chance go to waste.  The Master had forbidden his kind from inhabiting sentient beings’ bodies against their will, but he had said nothing about taking over an abandoned corpse.  A malicious smile played across his face and he suddenly vanished.  The corpse stood on wobbly legs and the monster’s cunning shone in the glazing eyes.  The inn patrons watched in utter horror as the man had died and then as the corpse rose and staggered from the inn.  
With speed unthinkable, it easily caught up with the thugs who held the antiquarian captive, for they had not gone far.  They had taken a little used footpath into the woods where their horses waited, not wishing to be seen by casual observers.  They heard running feet behind them and turned suddenly, surprised to see the dead man in pursuit.  The hulking minion said in astonishment, “you are dead!”  
The thing snarled, “do I look dead, you fool?  I am taking command of this disreputable outfit.  Make the prisoner kneel.”  The four villains exchanged a surprised look but there was something in the creature’s air or manner that said it would be very foolish to resist.  They forced the captive to his knees as the monster brought a smoky crystal orb out of some hidden pocket.    He said to the kneeling man, “we are going to rectify your little mistake and restore again an Eye to the Brotherhood.  It will be your life given willingly that will give it its power.”  
The man scoffed, “I am finished with the Brotherhood and with your precious Nameless One.”  
The creature hissed, “do you want me to kill you?”  
The man laughed, “I am going to die regardless, I would rather have it be in the Master’s keeping.”  
The monster slapped the man and hissed, “the Master is a myth you fool!  Forget what addled minds have told you.  Do I look like I am any respecter of the Master?  If I can repent of such foolishness, why cannot you?”  
The man smiled grimly, “I do repent.  I repent of the Nameless One and all he stands for.  I repent of my evil and throw myself on the Master’s mercy.  I do not know who or what you are but you are not a man, let alone the man I saw die!”  
The creature snarled, “you see much fool.  I must have willing blood to renew the orb else it will not work.  Only by one willing to die can it be made and only by similar sacrifice can it be unmade.  If you will not listen to reason, you will die.  If you willingly give your life for this cause my master shall reward you greatly and your name shall live on forever as a memorial.”  
The man laughed, “my reward for such service will be the reward awaiting all who fail to seek the Master: eternal darkness.  Kill me if you must but let this farce be ended.”  
The creature hissed, “you are as bad as one of the Brethren.  Kill him!”  The man felt a sword pierce his chest and he collapsed gasping to the ground.
A great light filled the small clearing and the four villains scattered in terror.  The dying man gaped in horrified awe and the monster crouched in terror but a sneer of utter contempt was upon his face.  The Master looked on the vile thing with disdain and said, “I have already denied your kind the ill use of My thinking creatures unwilling to aid your cause.  What makes you think this is allowed?”  
The creature hissed, “you did not deny us the use of a corpse.  The former host had abandoned it and moved on into eternity.  He left it for decay and the scavengers.  I was simply putting it to better use.”  
The Master shook His head and the creature cowered all the more, “be gone back to the pit, fell thing.  No more shall your kind abuse the bodies of My thinking creatures, living or dead.  Only those fool enough to welcome you into their flesh may be so afflicted.  Even that vile practice may only endure for as long as time lasts, then all shall be set to rights.  Be gone.”  As He spoke, the eyes of the monster glazed and the body fell again lifeless to the ground.  The dying man was left alone with the Master, Who turned gentle eyes upon the stricken form.  He whispered gently, touching the man with His horn, “come My child.  It is time to abandon this mortal sphere.”  
The pain in his chest ceased and he felt himself able to stand, but he knelt in terror before the towering form and whispered, “you would take such as I?”  
The Master smiled proudly, “you died in My name.  You threw yourself upon My mercy and thus you are Mine.  I will not abandon nor throw aside one of My own.  Your life could have been put to far better use but here at the end you have come to find your true purpose.”  The man wept in abject shame, for the waste he had made of his time and energy, wishing it could have been used to greater purpose.  The Master let him weep for a time and then said, “you have not known Me long but shall now have all eternity to know Me more.  Weep no more over what has been.  Come, let us seek what is.”  The man looked up, hope flooding his face.  His eyes looked deeply into the Master’s and he drank deeply of His endless joy but then knew also the sorrow borne on his behalf.  He bowed his head again in thanks and wonder and then they disappeared into eternity together. 


Other Books by this Author:

The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I and II
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book III
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book IV and V
Once a Thief
A Song of Lesser Days
Thus It Began
Legends of the Brethren: The Sampler
Legends of the Brethren: The Complete Series
In Shadow

Of Tea... and Things

The Greylands
The Foibles
Over the Hills and Far Away

Want to Know More?:
Official Website
Author’s Blog




Sample Chapters of ‘Shadow of the Unicorn,’ the first in the ‘In Shadow,’ series:

1

Jace stood upon the battlements, staring, though unseeing, out upon the bleak grey landscape of the failing year ere snow covered and softened the weary land for its winter repose.  Leaden clouds lowered ominously on the horizon while a mournful wind moaned pitiably in the half completed towers of the grotesque fortress; the river passed sullenly by without comment, preoccupied with its looming icy imprisonment.  Though only partially complete, the grim fortress was already falling to ruin, as were the souls who lingered therein.  The place was hardly cheerful, even upon a bright morning of spring, and was at its most dismal ere the first snows of winter, but it was not the weather that brought the boy out to pace the battlements upon such a dreary day, rather he had much to contemplate and none of it good.  His patched cloak flapped wildly in the wind but he little noticed, for his thoughts were just as unruly.  His grandfather, a nobleman displaced by war, had laid the foundations of this ruin and his father had further built up the fortress after its founder’s untimely death, but the family fortune had run out long before the project was finished, so it moldered in half-completed splendor while its occupants dwelt ever in the shadow of poverty and isolation, and now it seemed, madness as well.
Jace’s father was but a boy when war forced the family to flee with what they could salvage of their wealth.  The patriarch was determined to start anew in a strange land, much to the dismay of the locals, but they were a rather peaceful folk and he began his project without asking their permission, and as they were notorious for their willingness to forgive, the project continued despite their misgivings.  But tragedy struck the third winter the family spent in their new home, for both of Jace’s grandparents died of pneumonia within a fortnight of one another, leaving their son, still very much a boy, alone in the grim fortress with only a few faithful servants and guards that had accompanied the family in its flight, for they trusted no one in this strange land, least of all those of common descent.  But the boy was not crushed by his loss, but rather was as determined, perhaps more so, than his father to finish the project and become a veritable lord in this strange land, the protests of the original inhabitants aside.
Construction continued slowly as the boy grew to manhood and the family fortune dwindled, but surely the son of a nobleman might make a proper match and thereby reinvigorate his fortune as well as perpetuate his line.  So it was that Jace’s father went a-courting and soon came home with his beautiful and captivating bride, the very picture of a wealthy lady, but only a picture, for though of noble blood, her family was as destitute as that of her new husband, though neither had thought to broach the subject before their marriage, assuming the other was indeed as rich as they portrayed themselves to be.  The truth came out very soon after Jace was born; the ensuing fight was the stuff of legend, at least if you believe the tales told in after years by the aging servants, but in the end, the lady fled, leaving her infant son and husband to fend for themselves.  The man looked coldly upon the boy, who was so like his mother in form and feature that he could not help but despise him.  He turned his back on the child, stared stonily at the open door out which his wife had fled, and then withdrew to his own chambers.  Had one of the few remaining servants not taken pity upon the poor creature, he likely would not have survived infancy.
The man seemed indifferent to the fate of his son, pretending that he did not even exist and focusing all his time, thought, and energy on his project instead, but there was no money to pay workmen or buy stone and timber, so the man had to do everything himself.  Only two servants remained of the few that had fled with the family, lingering on out of faithfulness and because they had nowhere else to go, for their lord had long since ceased to pay them.  The old housekeeper did the cooking, looked after the domestic side of things, and was the only mother the boy ever knew.  The other was an aging guardsman who had taken on the duties of butler, valet, and jack-of-all-trades; it was he that taught the boy what little he knew of reading and more importantly, to his mind at least, the sword.  The rest of the lad’s education was left to what he could glean from the few books that lay forgotten around the fortress and what the housekeeper could impart in the form of old stories as she wandered about the keep seeing to her myriad duties.
As the boy neared manhood, at last his father took a modicum of interest in him, but whether it was due to some newly realized desire for kith and kin in his fading years or because his rheumatism forced him to abandon his fortress building activities, none knew.  But one day the master of the ruin summoned the lad into his chambers, where he sat in relative splendor in a fraying robe with a moth-eaten velvet chair for a throne.  Upon the lad’s entrance, the man studied him as he might a horse he had a mind to buy.  After several minutes of dreadful silence, the man said at last, “what do they call you boy?”
The lad blinked in surprise that his father did not even know his name, but his servile foster parents had taught him courtesy, if little else, said he with a proper bow, “I am called Jace, sir.”
The man nodded as if it were of no matter and continued, “very well boy, they say you are my son, a claim I cannot verify yet neither can I fully deny it.  In either case, it is high time you started to earn your keep around here.  My father had a vision that this castle would one day tower over the surrounding countryside and herein would his descendants be safe from war, plague, and the like, nevermore to be driven like refugees from that which was rightfully our own.  This is all my purpose and destiny and it shall be yours, whether you like it or not.  You will take up where I have left off: cutting timber, collecting stone, using it to finish what my father began, well?”
The boy gaped, was this to be all his future?  A slave to another man’s futile dream?
The man shook his head sadly, “I see you are not a man of vision, like unto mine, a pity, for I think it proves that you are not my son after all.  I will give you the afternoon to ponder your future, either submit yourself to my father’s dream and fulfill your true purpose in this life or get you gone from here, never to return.”  The boy gave a perfect bow and vanished from the room, fleeing to the battlements to mull over his future, whatever it might be.
Night was falling and still he had found no sensible reply for the grim man waiting impatiently in his chambers below, prematurely aged by labor, sorrow, and unrestrained ambition.  Jace glanced uneasily out upon the darkening world, could he truly find a life out there in the world that had forsaken his family, from whose stock had sprung his faithless mother?  Yet he knew he could not remain forever a slave to his grandfather’s dream as his father had ever been.  What was he to do?  Where was he to go?  The outside world terrified him, but could he live on for countless years in futile toil?  He wanted to scream or weep and came very close to doing both, but his reeling thoughts were interrupted by a stooping ghost that loomed out of the darkness before him.
Came the gruff but concerned voice of the guardsman, “what troubles thee lad?  The master sent me to find ye, he is impatient for yer answer.”
The boy glanced silently out into the darkness and the man nodded in grave understanding, “aye, it is a hard choice, but no choice at all I think.  This cursed place has consumed two generations of yer family lad, don’t be a fool and make it three.  Whatever horrors lay without, they can be nothing to what lurks herein.”
The boy nodded his silent thanks and then went to find his father, knowing the man had spoken truly.  He knocked timidly upon the door and entered upon the gruff command to do so.  He found his father standing before the hearth, staring into the flames, his hands clasped at his back; he did not turn around or even look at the boy, said he, “a harlot’s son, through and through, cannot even stay on to succor an aging wreck of a man in his failing years, the selfish, selfish wretch.”  Suddenly the man turned, his anger giving him strength and speed that years of hard labor had stolen, he took up an iron poker that lay to hand and his eyes seemed to blaze with the light of the fire at his back, snarled he, hefting the poker aloft, “Out!  Out!  Get out, you insolent oaf!”
The boy knew the man was in earnest and half out of his mind besides, lingering not a moment longer, he turned and fled the chamber and hied himself that moment from the crumbling keep.  The housekeeper and guardsman watched him flee with sad eyes, shook their heads in dismay, but had known for many a year that there could be no other end to the tale, but at least this wretched fortress would not utterly consume the boy as it had his forbears, what the outside world might do to him was another matter entirely.
Jace fled with only the clothes on his back, packing was of little matter as he was currently wearing everything he possessed.  His only thought was to escape the broken dreams and empty years that lay behind with no concern for what the morrow might hold, for he knew nothing of purpose, joy, peace, hope, or comfort.  His world was as cold and lonely as the fortress he had just fled.  A miserable drizzle began to fall not long after his flight, forcing him to seek what shelter he could beneath a clump of spruce trees that seemed to huddle together for comfort amid the cold, wet dark.  Every fiber of Jace’s being cried out to do the same, but one cannot comfortably cuddle with a conifer so there was nothing left to be done but cry himself to sleep.
A wan shaft of sunlight filtered down through the clouds and pierced the fastness of the boy’s retreat, bringing him blinkingly awake.  He sighed heavily as he gained his feet, seeing no reason to go on save that he was too anxious and grieved of heart to sit still.  So off he went into the dawning, grateful that the rain had stopped and that he could now see whither he fled.  Which got him to wondering where exactly he was to go.  He knew nothing of the outside world, save for forays with the guardsman into the surrounding forest to collect wood or to hunt.  He had never even seen a farmer’s cot, let alone a village.  He had heard the housekeeper mention a city once, a concept he could not quite comprehend, but he was not sure he wanted to venture thither, for she had spoken of it in hushed tones one night with the guardsman as they sat before the kitchen fire, certain the lad was abed and not hiding in the doorway, listening in horrified fascination as she described the demon-worshippers that dwelt therein and the horrid practices with which they maintained their uncanny powers.
He smiled grimly to himself, pondering what was best to be done, as his feet followed a game trail seemingly of their own accord, so little did he notice or care whither his path led.  He could wander out into the wilderness and undoubtedly die of exposure or starvation during the coming winter or he could find this city and see if the housekeeper’s awful tales were even half true.  It might be death either way, but at least he could discover what a city was ere the end.  With this grim acceptance, did he suddenly step out of the surrounding woods and look upon a great swath of cultivated land, dotted with farmhouses and well-tended copses, and in the distance loomed the infamous city.  He had inherited a little of his father’s ambition, so with a grim smile pasted on his face did he set out in quest of what could only be his doom.  
His smile became incongruous as his journey progressed in a rather anticlimactic fashion, for though he had prepared himself for sights grim and terrible, the countryside was rather picturesque and the few folk he observed in passing seemed as sensible and down-to-earth as either the guardsman or the housekeeper.  He consoled himself with the thought that of course the commonfolk would be of similar disposition to the menials with which he was acquainted, it was only their fell masters that would be workers of such foul magicks.  He hastened his steps to discover this inevitability for himself but was again sorely disappointed.  He soon found himself in a veritable flood of humanity headed for the city to conduct the day’s business.  People at first trickled in from the outlying farms and villages but soon converged upon the main road leading into the city.
Jace gazed about him in wonder, never having imagined there could be so many people upon the face of the earth, let alone upon one certain stretch of road.  The houses and shops that began to line the way were also strange to his eyes and he goggled like the yokel he was; some of the more world-weary passersby about him smiled in welcome amusement at the lad’s befuddlement, for a moment remembering their own forgotten youth.  A veritable city had grown up around the walls of the original settlement and many of Jace’s fellow travelers vanished into the labyrinthine streets and alleys upon their own errands, but most continued on through the gates, few even glancing at the guards who stood silent watch at the gates and upon the walls, but the boy froze in fascinated terror.  His sudden halt brought a few complaints and jostles from those nearest him, but they shoved around him and continued on their way, some giving him a meaningful glare but most shaking their heads in vast amusement.
So too did those fell warriors eye the boy with smiles that never broke the stony facade of their faces.  But as more and more people pushed by the lad and entered the gates unscathed, he drew a deep breath and pressed ever onwards into the heart of a city inhabited by sorcerers and worse, though strangely, none of the folk about him seemed overly concerned about their impending doom.  He was drawn inexorably to the center of the city where a great castle towered over everything.  For a long time he stood as one transfixed, staring up and up and up at the edifice that soared above him.  A rueful smile split his lips, for even had he and his descendants ten generations hence worked ceaselessly, never could they hope to make anything like this of that horrid fortress.  And thence lay his doom.  At last, he gathered his courage and set forth upon the last leg of his final journey, thinking it quite a heroic effort on his part and not a little disappointed that there was not a bard or poet at hand to record the tale.  Most of his erstwhile companions had vanished long ago into the city proper and left the bumpkin to stare as he would.  So it was that he came to the castle gates and found himself very much alone with a whole host of those grim faced guards just waiting to make a gory end of him.  Where was a poet when you needed one?
He stood awkwardly out of the way, studying those who guarded the gates and those who came and went upon their own errands, not finding anything too sinister in any of it.  Again rather disappointed, the lad at last made his own approach, knowing his courage was hanging by a thread.  His first attempt at speaking failed dismally with the guard looking at him in perplexity and what might, to Jace’s horrified mind, be pity!
But the guard saved him from further embarrassment and possible flight by asking, “what can I do for you lad?”  He actually smiled, “you need not be so terrified, you are quite safe within the confines of Astoria.”
The boy blinked in utter astonishment, could this fearsome warrior truly be speaking to him, and with kindness?  Demon-worshippers indeed!  Said he at last, a quaver in his voice, “I am in desperate straits, sir, but well know that there is little hope for one such as I in this cold, indifferent world.”
The guard nodded in understanding and said gently, “aye lad, many come hither with just such a tale, but take heart, for we shall do all we can to remedy your plight, whatever it be.”  Jace looked near to fainting with hunger and astonishment, as the man motioned for a servant standing within the courtyard to take charge of the flummoxed lad and see to his comfort.  The servant smiled in amusement, having done the same a thousand times before, and easily guided the gaping boy into the castle proper, leaving the guard to speak with the next person awaiting his attention.
At last Jace collected his wits enough to comprehend what the servant was saying, “the morning meal has just finished, but I can bring you something once you are settled.”  He studied the lad’s ragged attire that was more patches than original cloth and smiled wryly, “and I’ll see to your wardrobe as well.  Have you come to study then?”
Jace froze and studied the man as if he had asked if his father were a toad, said he in astonishment, “study?  You must know I could little afford such a luxury!”
The servant grinned, “I suppose it is priceless at that, but come lad, anyone is free to study in Astoria and all the Lady asks is that you abide by her rules whilst you reside in the city.”
The boy gaped anew, but a smile danced in his eyes, said he with an incredulous grin, “then I will certainly take you up on that offer, sir.”  The servant nodded as if it were simple sense and they continued on their way.
He stopped before a door at the end of a long corridor and said, “you can sleep here for now, this room is currently unoccupied but if you stay very long, you will undoubtedly find yourself with roommates rather soon.  I’ll see about finding you something to eat and some appropriate attire.”  He smiled broadly as he turned to go, “welcome to Astoria!”
The boy stared wistfully after the retreating form for a moment and then curiously opened the door and entered the room.  Glancing about at the small but comfortable chamber, he laughed aloud and said, “demon worshippers indeed!”
“How dreadful!” came a startled and unfamiliar voice.
Jace turned around in surprise to find a girl about his own age, or at least so he assumed, not having much experience in such matters, peeping round the door, a broom forgotten in one hand.  She squeaked in dismay, “forgive me, I was just sweeping the hall when I heard your outburst and just had to investigate.”  She blushed crimson at her own unseemly outburst and though she colored further, pressed on, “can you tell me more about these demon worshippers?”
Jace was not sure whether he was more startled, annoyed, or amused by this perplexing creature, but said as calmly as he could, “I haven’t much to tell, for I was only laughing at the incongruity of this place with a description I once heard of it.  The old woman was convinced this place was naught but a den of such villains, but I have yet to find them, should they exist.”
Briane laughed excitedly, clasping her hands like a little girl, “oh, you will have to look long and hard to find such in Astoria.  I have been here all my life and have never heard of such goings on.”
Jace smiled wryly at his previous eagerness, “so there isn’t anyone in Astoria possessed of uncanny abilities as my unenlightened source assumed?”
“Oh, I wouldn’t say that,” came the voice of the returning servant.  He gave the girl a patient look, “have you not things to be about?”  She squeaked again, dropped a curtsy, and disappeared round the corner with a death grip on her broom.  The servant shook his head and smiled ruefully, “the silly girl spends more time eavesdropping than attending to her chores; more curiosity than a cat, has that one.”
Jace was gaping again, but the servant ignored him and thrust a pile of clothes and a tray of food into his hands, saying as he did so, “as promised, here is your breakfast and a change of clothes.  If you hurry, you can just make it to the next class session.  You’ll have an official schedule soon, but until then you had best tag alone with some of the other Students.”  He smiled impishly, “and as to your unasked question, you’ll soon discover the answers for yourself if you pay attention in class.”  He nodded at the boy and vanished about his interrupted errands.
Jace shook himself, frowned in consternation at the servant’s retreating back, and then hastily changed his clothes and wolfed down the food, both from hunger and eager to begin his education.  Only then did he realize he was alone in an unfamiliar castle with no idea where to find said classes.  He shrugged, smiled as his audacity reared its head once more, and dashed down the hall in search of a class or an adventure, whichever came first.
He nearly collided with a pair of slightly older boys as he came careening around the corner, determined not to be late.  Suddenly ill at ease, Jace muttered his apologies and stared at his feet.  One of the older lads must have heard, ‘new here,’ amongst Jace’s mumbling for he cheerily replied, “don’t worry about it!  Come with us and we’ll help you get settled.”
The boy stared up in astonishment, gaping yet again, stuttered he, “how can this be?  How can you be bothered with helping me?  I don’t understand?”
The older pair exchanged a grin, then Adan, the lad who had spoken, clapped the younger boy on the back and smiled, “it seems you have much to learn about life in Astoria.  Wherever you came from, it must have been a rough life.  But come, else we’ll be late.”  Jace smiled at his reassuring words and then blanched in near panic at the thought of being the cause of their tardiness.  The older pair shook their heads in amusement but all three hastened off to class.
Jace remembered little of that first lesson, so overwhelmed was he with all that had happened in the last day and all the novel sights and experiences he had taken in.  His erstwhile guides were assigned chores in the stable the following hour, which allowed the overwrought Jace some much needed time to sit and think while his companions shoveled muck.  The midday meal offered another course of novelty and wonder to Jace’s abused sensibilities, never in his life had he been amidst so many people, and most astonishingly of all, though complete strangers, they actually seemed to care about him.  Another round of classes was set for the afternoon, but Jace felt he needed some time alone to sort everything out, and perhaps even a nap after his difficult night.  He goggled, less than a full day had passed since his father had cast him out, alone in the night.  Adan nodded his understanding and showed him back to the corridor that housed his room, and though he valiantly intended to contemplate upon all that had happened, he fell promptly and soundly asleep.


2

A ruckus in the hall wakened the boy as the eager Students returned to their rooms after their last class before going to the evening meal.  Jace glanced blearily about, wondering for a moment where he was, but suddenly realization dawned and a great smile lit his face.  He had come home at last.  He adjusted his rumpled clothing, grateful it was not too wrinkled from his nap and ran a hand through his hair, it would do, then dashed excitedly from the room, again nearly colliding with Adan, who smiled roguishly at the boy and hoped such behavior was not becoming a habit.  Said the elder lad with a grin, “it is good to see you so refreshed, you looked rather stunned when we parted and I know you learned nothing in class today, but it seems there is hope for you yet.”
Jace smiled ruefully, “it has been quite a day.”  He glanced hopefully in the direction of the dining hall, even after so short a stay he had become very much accustomed to being fed regularly and well, which was an unlikely occurrence in his former life, said he, “and I’d be happy to tell you all the tale over the evening meal, that is if you care to hear it.”
Adan laughed outright, “aye, it must be quite a story indeed, but fear not, there shall be plenty of food to go around.”
Jace colored and began studying his boots, abashed that his greatest desire at the moment was so blatantly obvious.  Adan glanced at said boots as well and frowned, “but first we had best stop by the supply room and find you a decent pair of boots.”
Jace looked up suddenly in surprise, would the miracles in this place never cease?  He had never owned a decent pair of boots, this particular pair had been worn by his father when he fled his homeland, ages ago!  Adan smiled warmly at the look of grateful astonishment in the lad’s eyes and led the way, eager to see the wish fulfilled.  The servant in charge of the supply room at that hour took one look at the antique footwear, turned away with a disgusted groan, and vanished into the storage area, reappearing with a worn, but quite serviceable pair of boots that actually fit the agape lad.  Rather pleased with himself, the servant smiled smugly and reluctantly took the ancient boots in exchange, his countenance taking on an unruly expression as he did so, their fate remains a mystery to this day but judging from his face, it was not a pleasant one.
As they walked to the dining hall, Jace remarked with an awe tinged voice, “I have never encountered such generosity, not even from my own folk!”
Adan shook his head, his eyes sparkling, “you’ve seen nothing yet, all we’ve done this day is see you properly clothed and fed.”
Jace froze mid-step and faced his companion, “there’s more?!”
Adan clapped him on the shoulder and smiled, “aye, more than you can begin to imagine.”  They continued on, Jace speechless in incomprehension.
As they sat at table, finishing their food, Jace told his tale, much to the horror and astonishment of Adan and his friends who had joined them for supper.  No wonder the boy was so grateful for the least bit of kindness or attention!  Adan said at last, “so that is the tale behind that ugly heap of rocks up river?  Long have we theorized amongst ourselves about who or what had built it, or rather begun it, and why.  It is a grim enough story in its own right.”  He smiled ruefully, “though nowhere near as horrific as some of the tales we’ve birthed.”  
The others shared a wry laugh and eyed their companion with both pity and wonder, Jace awkwardly studied his peas, uneasy being the focus of such attention.  Adan continued, more to distract his companions away from their study of the abashed boy than for anything else, “well, this is the place to start over or start anew, if that is your wish.  Any idea what you want to do with your life?”
Jace could not restrain his laugh, “it was but a day ago my father cast me out and I encountered true human society for the first time in my life, let alone human kindness.  Must I already know the course of my future?”
The others joined in his mirth, forgetting how high were the expectations of their hosts and thus, inadvertently perhaps, their own.  Once the laughter had subsided, Jace asked a bit timidly, still uneasy speaking his mind amongst so many strangers, “what is this place?  Who founded it?  How can they afford to support so many ragamuffin students with no expectation of remuneration?  Is there some hidden agenda or trap, for it seems too good to be true?”
Adan smiled, “rest easy my friend, there is nothing sinister or hidden here.  You may stay as long as you wish and leave likewise.  The only requirement is that you do your best, be respectful of others, and follow the rules as best you can.  According to legend, Astoria was founded centuries ago, near the very Beginning.  The country is self-sufficient and quite prosperous in its own right, but is also supported by various Kings, Lords, and wealthy benefactors who believe in its mission or have benefited from its services themselves.  They have been educating all comers since its foundations were laid.”
Jace nodded thoughtfully, “a noble cause I suppose, but who founded it and why?  My experience of the world is limited, but I do not see blind philanthropy as a common trait amongst men, someone must have had a reason.”
Adan studied his companion thoughtfully, trying to gage his reaction to what was to come, said he at last, “you will learn far more in your initial classes, but the simple answer is: the Master Himself provided for the city’s founding as a home for the Brethren and those they serve.”
Jace blinked, not having imagined the so far sensible Adan to be one who believed in fairy tales, said he in consternation, “that is what the legends say?”
Adan grinned, “you are a skeptic then?”
Jace shrugged somewhat sheepishly, though he was not the one who seriously thought myth had once walked about under sun and star, “I suppose, though I know little enough of the subject, and of all else for that matter, that I should withhold judgment until I am certain.”
Adan nodded, “fair enough, but don’t worry, there is no requirement to believe a certain way to study here.  Even if you hold it all to be a tall tale, there is still more wisdom to be garnered here than you’ll be able to absorb in a lifetime.”
Jace smiled in relief, “that is good to know.”  He frowned thoughtfully, “I met a servant earlier who made a rather cryptic comment about certain individuals around this place having uncanny abilities, but he said I would have to wait for my classes to answer my questions in that regard.  Our old housekeeper was convinced the city was inhabited by demon-worshippers, a claim I am certain is wrong, but what is the truth about this place and its denizens?”
Adan smiled in amusement at the servant’s evasiveness, he was pretty certain who it was the lad had met, but he said, “the Brethren are purported to have certain gifts given to them in their service to the Master, you will learn far more in days to come if you want specifics, but there is nothing evil in the mix.  Uncanny yes, miraculous certainly, but not demonic.”  He smiled impishly, “how is it you can believe in demons but not the Master?”
Jace frowned at the thought and then smiled ironically, “that is an incongruous thought!  But then, I am not sure I believe in demons either, it was just something I overheard and never gave much serious thought until I was bound hither in the dark, alone, after being cast out from all I ever knew.  I guess the imagination is prone to embracing the grim and frightening with far less reluctance, especially under such circumstances, than the rational mind is in accepting the supernatural in far more congenial surroundings.”
Adan smiled broadly, “my friend, you have come to the right place, for yours is a mind quick and ready to absorb all available wisdom and knowledge, and here you will undoubtedly find ample fodder for thought.”
They continued their conversation upon more general topics, for which Jace was thankful, little liking being the center of attention when he was so little used to it; so absorbed was he in all that was said that he did not notice Briane sitting on the edge of the group, studying him with sparkling eyes and a knowing half-smile upon her lips.
Adan saw him back to his quarters after the meal, for even with his nap, Jace was exhausted though sorely disappointed not to be able to participate in the games and conversations held amongst the students that evening, but such was the ritual every night, so he consoled himself with the thought that there was always tomorrow and many days thereafter.  Yawning, he bid goodnight to his companion, and was soon asleep.



Sample Story from ‘Over the Hills and Far Away:’

‘Over the hills and far away,’
thither lies the land of Fey,
Of wandering brook and woodland glade,
Golden meads and dappled shade.

Where evening star is guide and stay
And in the vales, mist doth play.
Dryad, pixie, gnome dwell there,
Griffons lurk and dragons lair.

Songs of old live on there still,
Legend treads on plain and hill.
Beasts that talk and trees that sing,
The poor be rich, a peasant King.

If that land, you would gain,
Take a child in your train,
Let him lead you by the hand,
And you will reach that far, fair land.

~Over the Hills and Far Away~




Up the airy mountains,
Down the rushy glen,
We daren’t go a-hunting
For fear of little men;
Wee folk, good folk,
Trooping all together;
Green jacket, red cap,
And white owl’s feather!
~William Allingham, ‘The Fairies’~


For Fear of Little Men

Beatrice was missing, and none were fain to seek her, save her little brother, Tibbin, but could a mere child go where grown men feared to tread?  Perhaps only a little child could.  She had strayed up into the hills after her father’s missing sheep and none had seen her for a full three days.  No one ventured into those hills, for they were known to be haunted by all manner of folk, strange and fey, and it was folly for mortals to tread thereupon.  No, the girl was lost, spirited away or bewitched by some fell being, never more to be seen by mortal men under sun and star, at least not in any natural form; her family might as well accept the truth, embrace their loss, and move on with their lives, or so whispered the villagefolk.  But Tibbin was not content to lose his sister thus, but loath were his parents to part with their remaining child, so did he make for those forbidden hills without their knowing or leave, save for a brief note of farewell, imparting his fate.  Aghast, his parents asked of their friends and neighbors if any were willing to go after.  They merely shook their heads and muttered darkly amongst themselves, who would risk their lives when the boy willingly chose his doom?  It was not to be helped.  The aggrieved couple went home to wait, perhaps vainly, for news of what had come of their children.
Tibbin was a child but he was not a fool, he was young but also sensible.  His elders all feared the fairyfolk, mostly because they did not understand them, albeit they had little interaction with that mysterious kindred and only a few old tales, likely flawed, to rely upon for information pertaining thereunto, but they were also small-minded and superstitious, little liking anything outside their ken, which was pretty much anything and everything outside the confines of their secluded village.  Tibbin was still young enough to be untainted by their blindness and prejudice; for his were the wide, unguarded eyes of childhood that saw things as they were rather than as the viewer thought them to be.  He was a little leery of the fey folk, as all creatures are of the unknown, but he was not paralyzed or handicapped by unmerited terror as his elders were.  Thus did he hie himself into those mysterious hills, the only hope for his sister.  He took with him enough bread, cheese, and water to last him a week of hard scrabbling over rocky ground, hoping it would be enough.  He took no weapons, save a little knife, which was tool rather than implement of death.  With his meager rations and a stout, faithful heart did he set out upon quest great and daring.
He left at twilight when his parents thought him abed, creeping carefully out of the house and into the brushy waste behind, clambering over stones and thorny scrub by the light of a slivered moon and a few bright stars.  He went as far as he could in the wan light, at least far enough that pursuit would not follow, and then laid himself down under a gorse bush to find what rest he could.   An impertinent bird started trilling in said bush at an unearthly hour, wakening the stiff, cold hero into a misty world of gold and rose.  He smiled despite his discomfort and drank in the beauty about him, like a connoisseur a rare and delicate wine.  He stretched, breakfasted, and was soon off into the mysterious otherworldliness of dawn, feeling that his adventure was well and truly begun.  His sister surely waited around the next bend in the path or just over the hill.  He whistled as airily as the bird as he set forth.
His sister was not over the next hill, but a short, stocky man with a prodigious beard sat upon a stone in the thinning mist, smoking his pipe.  Asked the boy of the stoic figure, “have you perchance seen or heard of a young girl roaming these hills within the last sevennight, good sir?”
The dwarfish gentleman smiled broadly at the lad’s boldness, withdrew his pipe, and exhaled thoughtfully, “aye lad, aye.  Not a rabbit goes through these hills without my knowing it.  How is it you have the courage to come when none of your elders would bestir themselves?”
Said the boy with a shrug, “none would come, so there was only me.  Please sir, have you seen my sister?”
The man nodded sagely, “she’s taken up with a few of the pixies that haunt meadow and lea, dangerous consorts for a mortal lass.”
The boy paled, “have they harmed her or is she in great peril?”
The dwarf laughed, “aye and nay, lad, aye and nay!  Those fairies are as feckless and giddy as any lass your sister’s age, but they never grow up or wiser, and neither do they age nor die.  They will not hurt a mayfly or aught else, but rather delight in all that is pretty and ephemeral: flowers, butterflies, robin’s eggs, and the like.  They have no use or comprehension of the greater, eternal things but are like a brook’s laugh or a dancing little wind in their seriousness and wisdom.  The danger lies in the fact Time and Death mean nothing to them.  Your sister, if she is not careful, may get so caught up in their whimsical nonsense that she forgets such things herself and by the time she remembers them, may find herself a very old lady with naught of life left to her.  It is a tricky thing when mortals think to involve themselves in matters beyond their ken and natural sphere.  Your kind is made for eternity, but must enter it through the proper door, not try to sneak in the window.”
The boy was silent for a long while as he contemplated the little man’s words, and finally said, “can I draw her back?”
The man nodded, “aye lad, if she will come, but she may be so entranced with the merriment and giddiness of her companions that she will yearn to stay.  If she will not go of her own will, no power on earth or beyond it will move her.  Take heed to yourself, that you not find yourself also caught up in things beyond your natural sphere.  Someday perhaps, such or rather far greater shall be your lot, but do not be tempted into seizing it ere it is time for only trouble will come of it.”  The boy heartily thanked the old man and hastened in the direction he was bidden.  The dwarf watched after and wondered what would come of the lad and his sister, silently shaking his head at the recklessness and abandon of those silly pixies and the inadvertent havoc it could wreak upon a mortal creature.
Tibbin had not gone far when he spied a rather curious creature crouching in the shade of a great oak.  It appeared to be a lad his own age, but his full height would only reach his father’s knee; he was light of build, eye, and hair and his ears were slightly tapered.  He winked at the staring boy, motioned eagerly for the lad to follow, and vanished into the hedge of roses at the base of the tree.  Tibbin took two happy steps after the fairy creature but then froze, his quest was his sister, not to be caught up in a fate like unto hers.  He sighed heavily but turned staunchly back upon his original path and intent.  The little creature watched after, for a moment a little disappointed, but then some other amusement soon caught his attention and his lost companion was immediately forgotten.
By the time the sun was on its downward journey, Tibbin had come to the little meadow wherein the dwarf said his sister and her merry companions might be found on occasion.  He settled down in a thicket of young birches to await their coming.  Neither was the wait to be tedious, dull, or lonely.  The world, in itself, was young, spry, pleasant, and full of the wonders of spring, but those hills were haunted by all manner of folk and creature unknown to the children of men, and in this varied parade, Tibbin found endless marvel and interest.  Most ignored him, some were openly scornful, and a few asked him to follow in their merry wake, but ever he sat and awaited the coming of Beatrice and her fairy companions.  So did he wait for three full days, eating from his scant provisions and refreshing himself in the ever singing brook by which he sat, finally on a night of mist and moon and starlight, five bright figures came laughing and dancing into the water meadow, Beatrice as radiant and blithe as her companions.
Tibbin rose from his place with a joyous shout and for a moment the pixies quivered like frightened birds, but soon they arrayed themselves about him in a merry dance of welcome and curiosity.  Beatrice at first did not know him, but as his song joined in their lilting chorus, his well loved voice broke the thrall about her and she joyously left her place in the circle and flew into her brother’s arms with tears of unspeakable longing and delight.  The piping and cavorting of the fairies increased tenfold at such mirth and delightedly did they share therein, but soon they tired of the newcomer and were rather perplexed and no little troubled by the strange sobbing that now wracked their once gay companion.  For nothing did they know of sorrow or death.  With a merry call, did they bid Beatrice to flit off with them anew, careless once more, but she smiled sadly, wiped a mysterious moisture from her eyes and cheek, and shook her head adamantly.  The pixies shrugged indifferently and capered off into the creeping mist to join the dance of the fireflies, their companion utterly forgotten.  Beatrice shook her head ruefully, took Tibbin’s hand, and returned to his place amongst the birches.  They slept soundly until roused by the zealous chorus of a morning in spring.  Hand in hand, they left that lovely meadow and turned their steps and hearts longingly towards home.
They met the little man, still sitting on his accustomed stone and smoking his pipe, perhaps as he had done since the first morning of the world.  He smiled joyously at them, waved enthusiastically, and then vanished.  They shared a mystified smile and continued on their way.  They might have slept another night in the bush but knew their parents were mourning their presumed fate and were eager to turn their weeping to joy.  So it was that joy came with the morning.  Their father stood aback the house, staring morbidly off into the hills and thought himself in a delirium when he glimpsed his lost children walking blithely back from the land of things forgotten and unknown.  He trumpeted his wonder and joy so loudly that the entire village was roused.  His wife came disbelieving from the house, took one look at what had so disquieted her husband, and added her own shriek of pure joy to the cacophony of laughing welcome and wonder.
The grim eyed, fretful villagers gathered round the happy little foursome and muttered darkly about curses, possession, and worse.  A few even clutched a kitchen knife, pitchfork, or wood axe in nervous dread.  The now grave father stood forth and asked of his disturbed folk, “my children have returned unscathed, why do you not rejoice?”
Said one distrustful old man, “who are you to say they are unscathed?  Who knows what terrible curse might have been laid upon them?  None venture into those hills and returns unchanged, if they return at all.  They are a threat and a danger to us all as long as they remain among us.  Send them back or send them away lest evil befall us all, else we will take matters into our own hands.”
The man shook his head in grim disgust, but before he could reply to this nonsense, Tibbin took his hand, looked gently into his eyes, and said with a wisdom far beyond his years, “heed him not father, he knows not of what he speaks and no words of yours will change his mind.”  Unchanged indeed!  The man smiled down at this young sage, caught the eyes of all his dear ones, and then looked once more upon those mysterious hills.  A brilliant flicker of gold and white upon a far hill, like a distant star, filled all his vision and called bewitchingly to his very soul.  Said Tibbin with tremulous, but joyous finality, “come, come away!”  He took his father’s hand, his mother and sister joined theirs also, and the entire family boldly made for that distant vision, the flummoxed villagers parting before them like water around the bow of a boat.  They vanished into those wondrous hills and were seen in that village no more.  Many and dark were the rumors of the witchery that had taken an entire clan and the grim fate that had undoubtedly befallen them, but I can assure you, they were all of them wrong.  




Sample Chapters of ‘The Greylands: Volume I:’

Prince Bryant sat in the common room with two sons of the greater lords of Ithamar; they all had older brothers and very little chance of ever taking their fathers’ places of import and influence unless their elder brothers succumbed to some mysterious illness or fell in battle.  Thus they were relegated to the privileged but socially obscure branch upon which they perched.  Much was expected of them by their noble parents but they would win little glory, wealth, or renown for anything they did, though their elder brothers seemed to accrue acclaim simply by getting out of bed of a morning.  It was a seductive glue that bound them together: jealousy of their elder brothers and anger at fate for placing them in such an insignificant position.  Most nights they could be found drowning their woes among the city’s many inns and drinking houses.  When they gathered in such a place, the natives inevitably relocated so as not to find themselves in an awkward confrontation with such important and often drunk personages; the consequences of such an experience never favored the peasants.  The boys would drink their fill and complain even more of the hardships of the world while the innkeeper listened and shook his head thinking they knew little of hardship and nothing of real life, at least not life as experienced by the vast majority of humanity throughout history.  
Ithamar was not the worst of countries in those days in its treatment of its peasants but the taxes were high and common men had few rights in a conflict of interest with the nobility.  So they drank and complained and bonded over their seeming sorrow.  Then they would stumble home drunk, fall into bed while servants cleaned up the mess, and begin anew their tedious lives on the morrow, succored only by the hope of the coming night.
Bryant’s father the King, his elder brother, his mother, his numerous aunts, his grandmother, and everyone else in the Kingdom with the nerve often scolded him about his dissolute habits but he ignored them or scoffed or yelled back, all to no avail.  Why did he not lead his father’s soldiers as his younger brother did or marry the daughter of some foreign King?  Could he not learn something from all the philosophers and sages in the Kingdom and be of use to his father and brother in matters of state?  Could he not quietly disappear to his country estates and hunt contentedly in obscurity and not cause a scene?  Could he do anything but embarrass all his nearest relations?  Deep within he found the whole thing somehow amusing, if only for the consternation it caused his elders; irritating all his nearest relations seemed the only joy he had left in life.  On the outside he was all strut and show but within he yearned for meaning and direction and purpose.  He was a boat adrift at sea without anchor, rudder, or sail while a storm raged around him with no end in sight.  At least he felt as if he had something to look forward to in his nightly carousing though he always came away feeling small and empty and alone as he wandered home to bed in the small hours of the morning.  
Dark were his thoughts that night, darker than his usual wont, for he felt if he continued to do nothing he would soon do something drastic, whether to himself or others he did not know.   He said to his companions, “I am tired of this tedious life we live.  Let us do something great or terrible, that we might end the tedium and do something to be remembered; even if we do not succeed, it is better to die in the attempt rather than die in obscurity.  Shall we be famous or infamous?”  His friends laughed drunkenly, for the night was far gone and much wine had passed their lips.  
He continued, “as you will not choose I shall have the honor then.  Let us be infamous!  There are many failed adventurers and heroes and none know their names.  I say let us be remembered in infamy, for a villain never truly dies though he live only in legend.  We could be bandit kings but why stoop to such a level when we can reach far higher and take what fate herself has denied us?  I say we reach for the crown itself my friends!  Let us supplant my brother and even my father the King!”  
He continued to draw heavily from the mug of nameless liquid before him and was lost for many minutes in his treasonous expostulations.  Whether he was serious or not, his friends could not tell but his words greatly disturbed them.  They continued to listen and ape interest but the plot (what little of it there was, it was mostly grand words and misty aspirations) had quickly sobered them even as it chilled them to the bone.  They were as empty inside as the prince but where they were content to enjoy all the privileges their rank could bestow, he had long ago failed to be pleased by such vapid entertainments.  He was desperate for something to change and he had almost convinced himself that this was the only way.  He finally finished his diatribe and drained his glass.  He wandered home and his friends followed at a distance.  They saw him safely to bed and then waited sleeplessly for the hour when the King would be abroad.
After an eon, dawn finally revealed her glory and they saw the crown prince emerge from his chambers; they hurried to tell him of his brother’s embryonic treachery.  He listened gravely to the miserable pair; they did not wish to betray their friend, but their friendship was not such that it would be worth their lives if they did not tell and were considered traitors by their silence and seeming complicity.  They finished and the crown prince said, “let us to my father that he may hear these ill tidings.”  
They hastened to the King’s chambers, awakened the slumbering monarch, and told again their terrible tale.  The King began to fume and rage while the Queen begged him to be reasonable and speak with Bryant first, before calling for his head, which of course started a Royal argument.  
The prince and the two lordlings quickly withdrew from the Royal bedchamber and the prince asked, “is my brother in jest, a drunken fool, or a true traitor?”  
They shook their heads, “my lord, we know him little when he is sober; you had best ask him yourself.”  
The prince said, “I shall.”  He turned sharply on his heel and went to find his brother before their father could do something rash.  Bryant was not happy to be so awakened, his head throbbed terribly, but he soon quit complaining when his brother told the reason for his visit.  The elder said, “father may very well banish you for such talk if he does not simply call for your head!  Are you in earnest?”  
Bryant said quietly, “I am not sure, I need something to change and this is as good a scheme as any I can think of.”  
His brother said, “if it had been a drunken jest, perhaps father could be appeased but I am afraid his anger shall fall swiftly and harshly upon you.”  Bryant paled, said nothing, grabbed his sword belt and cloak, and fled the room.  His brother silently watched him go.  He did not wish to see his father’s wrath realized but neither could he acknowledge this cold-hearted stranger as his brother.  By the time the argument was settled and the guards were sent to bring the errant boy to face his father, he was long fled.
Bryant ran for his life.  He was astonished to realize that he might perhaps be a murderous fiend if given the chance, at least if it granted him the end he sought.  He had hoped it had all been the ravings of a drunkard but he was horrified to realize that under the right circumstances he might be capable of doing just as he had boasted.  He fled his father’s wrath but he could not flee the monster that was his own soul.  He ran to the stable, found a saddled horse awaiting his rider, flung himself into the saddle, and galloped out of the courtyard.  The servant that had been saddling the beast tried to pursue the prince with warning but to no avail; he had stolen a wild and dangerous animal that was stubborn beyond belief and resistant to even the cruelest methods of training.  How he even stayed in the saddle was hard to imagine.  He was a magnificent animal and had been brought as a gift to the crown prince by rich merchants as something of bribe, that he might remember them with favor when he succeeded his father.  The creature was physically perfect but had a will of iron and would let no man on his back.  The prince was the first to attain such a feat and that unknowingly.  So they ran, and with the speed of the creature any other horse in the King’s stables would have a hard time catching them.  The beast would deign to be led and saddled but would carry neither men nor burdens.  The crown prince had ordered him saddled and hoped to break him that very morning, hoping to succeed where all others had failed.
They ran hard all day on the shortest road out of the country.  As night was falling they finally stopped, the prince collapsed against a tree just over the border.  His heart sank and his hand reached for his sword as he heard the sound of galloping hooves drawing swiftly nigh.  Six of his father’s guards drew rein a bowshot from the prince and one aimed his arrow at the weary boy.  The bowstring sang as the prince dove to the ground; the arrow embedded itself in the tree just above where his head had been.  The guards then turned and rode off slowly into the dying day.  Cautiously the prince stood and pulled the arrow from the tree.  He found a small piece of paper attached to the shaft, which read, “know you now that you are henceforth banished from all the domains of Ithamar and all title, privilege, and rank is hereby denied you.  If you should ever return, it will be as a criminal and an outlaw and your life is forfeit unless spared by the mercy of the King.”  
Bryant sighed and said to the night air, “I wanted things to change and they have, but not in the way I intended.  I am now an exile, a wanderer, an outlaw, a fugitive, with no home, people, or place to call my own.  I am a fool.”  
The sweat-lathered horse snorted and said, “you are certainly all of that, as am I, but you need not be a fool.”  
The prince sat down hard in surprise and exhaustion, saying, “horses do not talk.”  
The horse eyed him patiently and said, “perhaps, but then again it may be that just the horses of your acquaintance have never spoken.  Either that or I am not a horse.”  He snorted wryly in amusement, as if he had said something rather clever.  
Taking the hint, the former prince said, “if you are not a horse, then what are you?”
The unhorse said, “let us just say I have been banished from amongst my own noble and glorious people and reduced to the state in which you currently find me.  I have been stripped of all that makes my people unique and left a mortal nag.”  
The unprince said, “and what did you do to become as you are?  Who are your people and where do they come from?”  
The unhorse said, “perhaps one day I shall tell you all the tale but for now you must suffice yourself with what I have already revealed.  What of you?”  
The boy sighed, “last night in a drunken rage I spoke of doing terrible things only to awaken and find that all know of my theoretical treachery and that some part of me is not averse to such acts.  I can flee my father’s wrath but I cannot run from my own wretchedness.”  
The horse looked at him thoughtfully and said, “until now I have revealed myself to no one, but trapped as I am, I shall go mad if I trust no one and soon shall think myself nothing but a silly horse in truth.  Seeing as we are both rebels and outlaws, perhaps we can travel together for a time?  I will allow you upon my back in exchange for your aid in keeping me out of the hands of strangers who would happily confiscate a wandering horse as I will seem if I travel alone.”  
The boy laughed weakly, “I admit to you that I am a traitor, willing to do murder and yet I alone of all men am the man you choose to trust?”  
The horse said, “you have not yet killed anyone and the fact that you are horrified at your own thoughts means there is yet some hope for you.  We are both rebels and outcasts, perhaps together we can find redemption upon the road.  Besides, you are alone and desperate and need me as much as I need you.  You shall not get far afoot.”  
“Where then shall we go?” asked the former prince.
The horse shook his head, “I do not know.  Even if I returned to the lands of my people I would not be allowed to or even capable of entering that wondrous land.  You have no skills or relations that might benefit you in the wide world?”  The boy shook his head.  The horse sighed, “then let us go north for now until something draws us elsewhere.”  The boy nodded his agreement, for one direction was as good as any other at the moment.  They wandered off the road a short distance and the boy was soon asleep.  
Morning came and the boy rose damp and stiff but much refreshed, but he had brought nothing to eat or to start a fire with.  Neither did he have a bow.  He had his sword and dagger upon his hastily grabbed belt; his belt pouch was full of coins but there was nowhere to buy breakfast.  He refreshed himself in a swiftly running creek, saddled the horse, and they were soon off though the boy’s stomach complained bitterly.  The horse remarked, “it would be a far easier journey if you could sate yourself with grass as all sensible creatures do.”  
The boy laughed and said, “you are the only sensible herbivore I have ever met.  All other creatures that go on four legs have remained thankfully silent.”  
The horse retorted, “that only proves their sense, for only man opens his mouth and makes sounds for no reason.  At least doubt remains as to whether the silent beasts are truly fools or not; man has proved himself thus time and time again by his speech.”  
About midday they stopped in a small village and the boy purchased what he would need for the journey and some much appreciated food.  They continued on until nightfall at which point, the boy made a rough camp as the horse wandered off for his nightly meal.  They continued on in this manner for several days and nothing truly remarkable happened.  They were traveling north through Sebeka: the neighboring Kingdom to Ithamar, a peaceful and prosperous country that welcomed strangers and most especially their coin.  
The horse said one day as they rode along, “what know you of happenings in the wide world?”  
The boy said, “I paid little attention to world events, current or historic, save for a little about our closest neighbors.  Now I begin to regret my inattention to my studies, for now I see the use of them when previously I thought it all nonsense.”  
The horse said, “I know little of the countries of men, but I shall tell you what I know of your world in general.  It is a vast place and there are many kings and kingdoms; some are prosperous and peaceful, others are evil and warlike, and there are all shades between.  There is also much unclaimed and wild land wherein all manner of beasts and folk strange to men are to be found.  Much of what you consider myth or legend is actually true and flourishes in such places.  In the far south dwells an Evil Prince with much sway in the world.  His minions ride wherever they will and do as they please, causing much grief amongst innocent folk.  His kingdom is called the Infernal Realm and is separated from all else by impassable mountains, though any who wish can freely enter his gates.  All is sere and waste within a hundred miles of those vile peaks and he holds sway over all within their shadow.  Many of the Kings closest to his domain are his vassals and nearly as vile as he.  He is a rebel against the Great King, who dwells far to the north in the Brightlands and once was His greatest servant.  A great chasm in the earth, called the Rift by men, separates those dear lands from all others.”
He continued, “it is said that the Rift is a actually a rift in time and space, having no bottom.  No mortal can cross that chasm save by the will of the Great King or His dear Son, the True Prince whose will is always that of His Father.  It is from the Blessed Mountains that rim the Brightlands that my own kin come and from thence was I banished.  Between the Brightlands and the Infernal Realm are the Grey Lands, in which mortal men dwell and that encompass all you know as real.  It is in this strange plane that you are born, live, and die.  After you pass the gates of death you must enter either the Brightlands, if you are a willing subject of the Great King, else you come under the dominion of the Dark Prince and you will never more come forth from the Infernal Realms.  One day the Great King will reclaim the Grey Lands and forever banish the Dark Prince beyond his own mountains and seal the gate that none may pass out again.  Then will all the world be as it was meant to be, before rebellion brought death and sorrow upon the face of the earth.”  
The boy paled, “I have heard stories and legends of such things but never thought them more than tales.  You tell me this is the truth!  Whatever is a rebel of my standing to do?  Am I doomed to dwell in that terrible place for all eternity?”  
The horse shook his head, “I am a rebel myself and doomed to the same fate unless we can find a way out.  My people are immortal, true and willing servants to the Great King, but alas I refused the duty He asked of me and I was thus banished.  We never spoke of redemption, for we had no need of such a concept, but on these shattered shores on which I find myself the need is truly great.  We must seek out one who can tell us this mystery.”
The boy nodded glumly and hoped with all his heart that a way could be found out of this pit of his own making.  At least he knew now why they rode north; he had no wish to be nearer those awful lands than he absolutely had to be.  “What or who are we looking for?” asked the boy.  
The horse said, “there are supposedly men abroad, servants of the Great King, knowledgeable in all things pertaining to Him and His dealings with fallen men.  It is one of these learned men that we seek, to learn what must be done to redeem ourselves.”  
“Where are such folk to be found?” asked the boy.  
The horse snorted in laughter, “an excellent question.  I know little of mortal lands and know only what I have personally observed since my arrival in this dismal sphere and that which I have overheard men speak in my presence.  Sadly, I seem to know more than you who were born in this place.”  
The boy nodded glumly, ashamed of all he had failed to learn in his life and of all the time he had spent drowning himself in a mug of ale.  The boy said, “perhaps instead of isolating ourselves of an evening, I should visit the local tavern and see if I cannot learn something of these mystics you speak of?”  
The horse nodded in approval, “an excellent proposition.”  They stopped early that evening, for they would not reach the next village before dark.  The horse said to the boy, “be careful, for there are men who do not hold the Great King in high favor.  The Dark Prince has spies and servants everywhere.”  
The boy smiled slightly, “you are worried for my safety?”  
The horse smiled, “let us just say it would be a far more difficult journey alone.”  The boy’s smile deepened as he entered the inn while the horse wandered off into the night.

The boy took a seat far to the back and watched quietly from his private corner.  The innkeeper eyed him speculatively but said nothing, for he caused no trouble.  The boy watched the quiet conversations, tavern games, and the comings and goings of the various patrons.  He marked out several shady looking characters but saw no one who seemed an ideal source of information.  Full dark fell outside the grimy windows as a ragged traveler traipsed into the inn and wandered to the back of the common room.  He surveyed the men scattered about the establishment and his eyes fell upon the boy, obviously a fellow stranger in this place.  He made his way to the back and asked if he might share the boy’s small table.  The boy was intrigued by the stranger and nodded eagerly.  The man took a seat, the serving girl brought him a bowl of stew and some bread, and as he ate his meal he said, “what brings you to this place lad?  One does not often see such youngsters wandering alone, save perhaps a few adventurous lads looking to be heroes.”  
The boy said, “I wander because I must.  My past is behind and all my unknown future lies ahead.  I seek hope in a hopeless world and peace for a disquiet heart.”  
The man smiled secretively and said quietly, “the world is not quite as hopeless as you might think, though sometimes it is dangerous to speak of that which is a light in even the darkest night.  I am willing to speak with you but perhaps in a place less obvious?”  
The boy nodded gravely and said, “my companion and I have ridden far in search of such knowledge.  We are both wanderers seeking rest.  What do you suggest?”  
The man smiled, “let me finish my meal and then we shall talk for a time of trivialities to allay the suspicions of all here.  Then you can wander off into the night and I shall follow when convenient.  Wait for me along the road but well out of sight.”  The boy nodded and they proceeded as planned.
Half an hour after the boy had gone, the man trudged wearily out into the dark, a man obviously too poor to afford a bed in such a place.  A few eyed him speculatively but returned to their drinks, seeing nothing obviously to their benefit in yet another penniless traveler.  The man wandered out into the road and waited silently until the boy crawled out of hiding and drew his attention.  They vanished down an overgrown trail into a little clearing.  The moon stood high and gave enough light to cast their faces into shadow.  “Where is your companion?” asked the curious man.  The boy smiled silently in amused anticipation as a horse stepped out of the shadowed woods and stopped before the man, looking at him as if awaiting some reply.  The man looked from the horse to the boy and back again.  
“Well?” asked the horse, “I have been told that this little interlude shall be worth missing part of my evening repast.”  
The man gaped, “I have not had the pleasure of meeting a talking horse before, unless of course you are not actually a horse?”  
The horse smiled in pleasure, “finally a man with some sense!  Long have I hoped to meet such a specimen.  I of course am no horse, save perhaps in appearance.  And who pray tell are you and how come you to know more of wisdom than most men I have encountered?”  
The man smiled in amusement and said, “who I am is of no particular import, save that I am a servant of the Great King and have seen many strange and wonderful things in my wanderings on His behalf.  And who might you be, my curious friends?”
The horse snorted in amusement, “who we are matters as little as your identity.  But know we are outcasts and rebels, seeking forgiveness and a brighter future.  We have high hopes that you might be able to tell us of such things.”  
The man nodded, “as are all who roam these Grey Lands.  What know you of the state of the world and that which lies beyond?”  
The horse said, “we know of the Great King and the sundering of all those who have rebelled against Him, including the Dark Prince and all mankind.  We seek to know if there is any way to restore what has been lost.  Can a creature sundered from its Maker by rebellion and iniquity be restored to fellowship with Him?”  
The man smiled, “that is the question that wrings the heart of all mortal creatures.  A creature in willing rebellion against his King cannot do aught to redeem himself.  For what is the worth of anything we can do of ourselves?  Our greatest and noblest deeds are nothing but soiled rags to the Great King yet the least of our sins cuts His great heart like a knife.”  
The horse sighed, “then all is lost?”  
The man smiled joyfully and said, “thankfully, no.  We cannot redeem ourselves but One greater than us has paid the price for our folly; all we need do is accept the King’s pardon on His behalf and live our lives in accordance with the will of our new Lord and Master.”  
The horse looked startled, “who could bear such a burden and yet be acceptable to the King?”  
The man said grimly, “it was the King’s own Son who bore the penalty of our rebellion, and for a moment even His own Father could not look upon Him for the shame He bore.  He willingly left the Brightlands to dwell in infamy among mortals, only to meet a cruel and humiliating end and to give, as it seemed, a great victory to the Vile Prince, but that was not the end of the story.  He overthrew death itself, bore the curse each of us should have borne ourselves, and was restored to His proper place beside His Father.  The Vile Prince was dealt a mortal blow that shall one day be made complete when the True Prince returns in triumph to overthrow evil and death forever.”
The boy said, “why would such a great and mighty Prince do that for the weak and wretched of the earth when He could dwell untroubled in glory?”  
The man said in awe, “that is the mystery and the beauty of it.  Some call it love, but such a love no mortal mind can comprehend.  What will you make of this tale you have just heard?  Will you go your way laughing at the foolishness of an old man while seeming to tolerate me while in my presence or will you take my tale as truth and give your life that you might save it?”  
The boy asked nervously, “what must I do to accept this great offer?”  
The man smiled and said, “simply repent of your evil in the name of the Son and seek to live your life according to the Father’s will.”  
The boy frowned, “and how will I know His will?”  
The man smiled, “you will know.  If you are in earnest, the King’s Spirit will be with and help you to know good from evil, right from wrong.  You must seek out that which is good and noble and beautiful and pure.  Flee that which is evil, ignoble, dishonest, wicked, selfish, and impure.  Love all men as you love yourself and love the King with all that is within you.”  
“And what of me?” asked the horse.  
“What of you?” asked the man, “you are a sapient creature in rebellion against the Great King and therefore capable of seeking His gift of redemption to Himself.” 
The horse said sadly, “but I have dwelt in the Blessed Mountains, across the River which mortal men call the Rift.  I am one of the Pegassi and banished to dwell a mortal horse in these sad lands for refusing that for which my race is bred.  Can even I seek this gift?”  
The man smiled gently, “that you can ask that question and worry about its answer should be answer enough.  Seek the King and I think you have nothing to fear.  Were you yet of a stubborn and proud heart and refused His gift, I think there would be no hope, but yet your heart is supple, humble, and willing.  I have no fear for you.”  
The horse was stunned, “how come you to know my sin?”  
The man smiled ruefully, “the root of all sin is pride and selfishness.  For that is the crime of the Dark Prince and Enemy of the Great King.  A humble and meek heart is hardly capable of such aspirations.”  
The boy then asked, “and what shall I do with my life once I have accepted the King as Lord and Master?  Must I become a wandering raconteur like you?”  
The man laughed, “perhaps that will be your duty but perhaps not.  There are many things the King’s servants are called to do.  You will know in your heart that which you must do if you fervently ask it of the King.  You say you are a rebel and an outlaw?  I would advise you to return to the place from whence you have fled and face the justice that is due you and the forgiveness of those you have wronged.  Only then can you seek what life has in store.”  
The boy was aghast, “I thought accepting the Son freed me from all iniquity and the penalties attendant thereunto.”  
The man smiled sadly, “He frees us from the eternal penalties for such actions but we must yet face the mortal consequences of our actions while life lasts.  You cannot be right with the King if you are not right with your brothers.”  
The boy was stunned, “how did you know I had wronged my brother?”  
The man smiled, “I meant your fellow men not just your male siblings.  Go home and make things right child and remember to forgive others as you seek to be forgiven.”  
They talked long into the night but finally succumbed to exhaustion.  They parted company in the morning, each continuing on his own journey, missing the other as if losing a dear friend though they had known each other only for a few hours.  The horse, Erian by name, chose to accompany the boy home, that he might make amends to his father and brother and face whatever justice they chose to mete out.  The traveler went on his way to seek out those who, like his former companions, were desperate for the truths he carried.  
The journey was swiftly made, the boy was not happy to perhaps be facing death but felt such a peace and purpose within himself that he did not fear the future, even if it meant his demise.  The horse did not wish to go back into captivity but he and the boy had discussed it and if things went ill with the boy, the horse could easily escape once someone took him out of the great walled city for a ride in the country.  If the boy survived the encounter with his father and was not imprisoned for life, they thought to seek the Master’s will for their lives together.  Erian never thought to develop such an attachment to a human but was happy to again have a friend, though he dreaded what end the boy might meet at the hands of his own kin.  He had rather come to enjoy their time together and hoped he would not soon be alone again.  Finally they crossed the borders into Ithamar and would soon face the wrath of the King.  It was not long before six soldiers in the uniform of the Royal Guard came upon them.  They were stunned to learn who the lonely stranger was and wasted no time in drawing their swords to take the rebel and traitor.
The boy drew his own sword and dagger, but only to throw them to the ground and then placed his hands on his head in surrender.  The captain nearly fell out of his saddle in wonder but feared the boy might be trying his hand at some trick.  He ordered his men forward and they surrounded the boy with swords bared.  The captain searched the boy, cruelly bound his hands behind his back, and took the reins of the ‘silly horse.’  One of his men retrieved the boy’s weapons and they set out in triumph for the city.  They said nothing to the rebel, save to mock him in his shameful return; the boy refrained from speaking.  They entered the city and the citizens mocked and jeered as he passed while cheering the brave soldiers who had captured the renegade.  The King had widely publicized the incident and its consequences, and the boy was already unpopular with the citizenry after his many intoxicated adventures in the city’s various inns.  They arrived in the courtyard of the castle, many were the servants and guards who for a moment stood about in abject shock, before hustling off to inform the King of his ignominious guest.  The boy slid form his saddle under the watchful eyes of a dozen armed men; he smiled sheepishly at the horse, who whinnied in reassurance as he was led away to the stables.  
The boy was taken to meet his father with all the court and his entire family looking on.  The boy stood before their Majesties, head bowed and tears burning in his eyes.  The King wore a grim look while his mother’s eyes held silent shame and horror that one of her own children could be so terrible.  The King said in a voice like thunder in the hills, “what have you to say for yourself?  I half expected you to return with an enemy army, come to force your point, if you returned at all.”  
The boy could stand it no longer, and fell to his knees before his father as the court gasped in amazement.  The King’s jaw dropped and for the first time hope lit the Queen’s face.  The boy said, “I fled a proud and foolish boy.  I return in shame and dishonor, but duty bids me to return and face what my shameful acts have earned.”  
“Duty?” scoffed the King, “what know you of duty?”  
The boy wept openly, “I know very little Sire, but I could not go on living knowing your wrath yet hung over my head.  Know that I am guilty of all that you have heard.  I am also guilty of living wantonly and selfishly, with no regard for any save myself.  I return to you a broken and humbled child.  Forgive my idiocy and irreverent thoughts and deeds.  Let justice be met in your eyes, as well as in the eyes of the court and all the citizens of Ithamar.”  
The King gaped, “you are my son, are you not?”  The boy met his father’s befuddled gaze; the man saw the truth of the boy’s words written in eyes, red with weeping.  The King shook his head and said, “I threatened you with death should you have the gall to return, but I also spoke of the possibility of mercy.  Tell me truly, is this drastic change of heart real or simply a ploy to spare your life?” 
The boy said, “my life is yours to take if you will it thus.  This shattered wretch you see before you is the man I have become in my absence; it is no act.”   
The King shook his head, “and what has engendered such a change?  You fled a traitor and return an honorable man that I would not be ashamed to call my son.”  
The boy smiled weakly and said, “I have discovered that there is more to life than my own selfish and empty desires.  I have found Him who can forgive my past and shortcomings and Who enables me to become more than I could ever aspire to be.  I am a servant of the Great King and His blessed Son.”
At this admission the whole court was suddenly in uproar.  They of course had heard the tales and thought them all stories and wishful thinking, for there could be no Great King any more than there was a Dark Prince or unicorns or griffins.  Such things were simply bedtime tales to teach children morality and hasten them to sleep and nothing more.  The King was enraged, “I begin to offer you mercy and you dare blame your radical transformation on children’s tales?”  
The boy said quietly, “they are not stories Sire, they are the truth and the only hope for mankind.  Am I not living proof of their power?”  
The King shook his head, satisfied that the boy did not mock him, but fearful that he was a lunatic.  Finally he said, “I have stripped you of all rank and title and this I cannot and will not restore.  However, seeing your change of heart, I will spare you from death.  You may come and go freely within Ithamar and all its domains but only as a commoner.  You have no rank or privilege among the nobility unless one of us cares to humors you, what say you?”
In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea
Excerpt from ‘Of Tea... and Things’

There she stood in her second best dress on the front steps of her husband’s marvelous and imposing townhouse, clutching the most disreputable portmanteau in the staff’s possession, or at least the most scandalous specimen that could be procured on short notice.  She would not even have been allowed to keep the dress, had it not been considered quite improper to allow her back inside to change into something less grand.  She had never imagined when she had stepped out that morning to make a call upon a certain influential social matron that she would be facing such a crisis upon her return, had she known that to be the case, she at least would have worn her Best Dress, a scandal in its own right certainly, but one easily overlooked in the even deeper scandal that had washed over her with all the rage and suddenness of a tsunami.  Of course she had never worn the Best Dress, no one did, not unless the Queen herself happened to stop by unannounced for tea!  Her current surprise was no less had that been the shock awaiting her but it was certainly far less pleasant, or so she assumed, never having had tea with Her Majesty, she could not be quite certain, but she thought it was at least probable.
She tried to plead again with the dour faced butler but he only shook his head grimly and pointed harshly down the road, as if she were naught but a beggar woman squatting upon the doorstep rather than his mistress of a decade.  Former mistress it seemed.  Said the appalled housekeeper, from behind the grim brute of a butler who seemed suddenly all brawny shoulders, a feature she had never before paid much heed, “move along miss, it would not do to make a scene.”
With a final sigh, her shoulders slumping and her elegant train trailing dejectedly after her, Iris descended the proud and fashionable steps, wondering what the society papers would say on the morrow and how many hidden eyes were watching from behind seemingly vacant windows.  There was no sense arguing, it was just the way things were.  She had forgotten, well she knew this day might come, but she had hoped something would happen to spare her such an ignomious fate, that her husband’s fondness for her would somehow protect her, that he might forget, but it seemed that he had not and no amount of love, however inordinate, could make up for the indignity she had caused him, the insult was unforgivable and imperiling his family line as she had was perhaps the greatest indignity of all, if not a crime in and of itself.
‘Miss,’ the word haunted her, she who had only that morning stepped out as Mrs. Iris Andromeda Baren Candor Donaldo Eveleff Garand Hatt Indigo...Zebula.  Twenty-six surnames, one for each letter of the alphabet, outlining her husband’s extensive, impressive, and most ancient lineage, but now she was simply ‘miss.’  She opened the bag hopefully, for perhaps her future lay therein, but there was nothing within, save a few sentimental knickknacks she had brought with her upon her most fortuitous marriage.  Once fabulously wealthy, her material worth was now as diminished as her name.  She had a few coins about her person, a surplus of lace handkerchiefs, and a fan, but nothing else save the clothes on her back and the hat on her head.  Perhaps she could still return home, she doubted it, but it was the only thing she could think of to spare herself from an even less desirable fate.
She raised a hand to hail a cab, a thing no proper lady would do, for that is what one had servants for, so it took no little time to actually attract that attention of a driver and get him to pull his overworked nag over to the side of the pavement whereon her former ladyship stood.  They assumed she was having a fit or communicating with some other personage or fainting or something appropriately ladylike, not trying to get the attention of such a loathsome creature as a cabby.  But at last someone did dare to thwart all common reason and social propriety and pulled over to see what the perplexing dame was up to, but not before a rather scandalous looking person, who made Iris’s skin crawl even at a distance, sidled up to her most knowingly and said in very familiar tones, “there’s but one thing for you to do miss, you’re still a pretty-ish thing, and don’t you worry, we’ll be waiting when you finally resign yourself to reality.”  He winked at her in a most reprehensible fashion and then slouched off rather too smugly for anyone’s comfort but his own.
Iris shuddered in revulsion as she climbed into the cab, gave her address, and tried not to think as they rolled off in the direction of her childhood home.  She couldn’t, absolutely not!  But if her parents likewise disowned her, it would be her only option.  But no, they wouldn’t, they couldn’t!  But they did.  The cab drew up in a very unfashionable part of town and she paid him his fare, all she had left and with nothing extra for his trouble.  She couldn’t tell if he was angry, scandalized, or seemed to understand her plight, so blank were his face and eyes, the result of a lifetime of carrying to and fro those whose business was none of his.  The vehicle rattled off and she prepared to face her parents, hoping against hope that they would not see things as all of society did, that this scandal was none of her own doing, but they undoubtedly would.
Her father was a craftsman, he worked with his hands, and while he made a good living for his large family, such a family was not likely to be the source of a bride for one of society’s elite; it just wasn’t done.  So it was quite the fairy tale to those who knew the family, and quite the scandal to everyone else, when his Lordship had chosen Iris to be his bride.  It was the habit of some of the great lords’ sons and certain wealthy young bucks to go ‘slumming’ amid the lower classes as both a form of amusement and a means of temporally escaping the stuffy and inflexible world into which they had been born.  They’d don ‘rough’ clothes and attend a public ball in the less affluent parts of town and dance the night away with many a miller’s daughter and tradesman’s niece.  It was in just such an environment that Iris met her husband, well former husband, and he was so taken with her that he insisted on marrying her.
Many insisted that he would one day rue his choice, mostly those with eligible daughters of their own, and today seemed to be proving them right.  She was neither rich nor powerful nor did she know anyone who was, but her family was respectable, if middle class, but most importantly, she came of a large and healthy family.  Her mother had been prolific in the production of children and he had no doubt that it was a trait his admired lady would likewise possess.  So they were married, much to the delight of everyone who had any care or love for the happiness of those involved, but all others were appalled, most especially his peers and relations.  Gradually they got used to the idea and the scandalized talk and impolite remarks vanished into the background as other, more interesting scandals arose to replace them, but they would no doubt spring back to life after today’s little affair.
It was exactly ten years and nine months to the day since she wed what she thought was the love of her life, but here she stood outside the door of her childhood home, hoping that her parents would welcome her home once more.  But the unemotional maid that answered the door did not look like a bearer of gladsome tidings, said she in a scandalized tone, “please come round to the back, miss, the front door is only for proper visitors.”
Ugh!  At least they answered the door, perhaps they just wanted to avoid more public scandal, best to keep this affair away from prying eyes in any case.  She hustled to the door that opened off a side alley into the kitchens, hoping to find peace at last, but she was merely handed a few table scraps for her trouble and told that the master of the house, though not unkindly, was not prone to humor beggars who repeatedly accosted his servants.  Beggar?!  But in truth that’s what she was, she had dared marry into one of the Great Families, and in failing to uphold her part of the bargain, after the legally prescribed period, she was cast back into the street, and having thus embarrassed herself and all the Greats so thoroughly, her family dared not offer her succor, lest they seem complicit in the eyes of all society in this most unfortunate affair.  There were also yet children at home and the presence of such a specter lurking about the house would undoubtedly affect their chances of marrying well, or at all.  To them and all society, it was as if she had never been.  She wasn’t even considered as one dead, one who at least had lived and would be missed, rather she no longer existed and never had.
What was left to her?  She considered the filthy and disreputable man who had accosted her, almost as dreadful as her handbag, but she shuddered in disgust, she’d rather starve!  Staring down bleakly at her meager handful of scraps, the only legacy her parents would bequeath her, she knew she very well might.  But it would be far better to die an honest, though wretched death, than to play the harlot for her bread.  But was there no other choice?  She sighed heavily as she slunk out of the alley, little heeding where she was going but knowing she could no longer remain where she was, all of her attention was focused inward on the disaster that was now her life.
It wasn’t her fault, or so she hoped, she really didn’t mean to be barren, she came of fruitful stock on both sides, but in those ten years and nine months, she had never given her husband even the hope of a child.  But as far as society saw it, she had deceived him, wasted precious time in which he might have been fathering children, endangered the stability of the family line, for what would happen if he died without leaving children?  She did have to smile, in a grim and ironic sort of way, that she had had ten years and nine months, just in case she happened to conceive on the last day of the prescribed ten years, you never could tell, but as she had not produced an heir in the final nine months either, she was unceremoniously cast from her home and society, driven from safety and security like a common thief.  And now her only hope was to become a harlot, this too elicited that grimly amused smile, for what safer woman for such a job?  There being so slight a chance of producing bastard children and the lady herself being cast out of all decent society, in desperate need of both sustenance and protection.
Better to face the Wilds than suffer such a fate!  She stood on the edge of town, her unwitting wanderings having brought her thus, near one of the great gates that opened in the wall surrounding the city and allowed traffic in and out during daylight hours, but which were firmly shut every evening to keep Things out.  What Things, she had never rightly heard, it wasn’t proper for her young female mind to be apprised of such Things, but rest assured, between the Wall and the Watch, she’d not need to worry about any of them.  She just needed to focus on finding a decent husband.  Well, that and having a superfluity of children.  She had succeeded quite well in the first case but failed abysmally in the second.  With a heavy sigh, she marched straight out the gate and into the wide world without and none dared stop her, for though a lady of breeding NEVER left the Walls without a proper escort, it was even more taboo to interfere with such, no matter how improper seemed her intentions.
She had travelled abroad several times with her husband upon various errands and visits, but she had never left town alone and afoot before, certainly not as a girl, for even people of her father’s lowly social status had Standards.  But she was quite thoroughly disgusted with Standards and for a time relished the odd looks shot her way by the various farmers, tradesmen, and servants that passed her by upon their own errands.  She found it quite exhilarating at first, to be thwarting social conventions so thoroughly; cast her out would they?!  Well, she might just as well spurn them!  She’d leave of her own accord and that was that.  The leaving part was easy, it was what was to be done afterwards that terrified her enough that the ratty man’s offer didn’t seem so bad upon recollection, but she chastised herself as a milk-hearted sniveler and kept marching further away from the only life she had ever known, but just what was she speeding towards?
Things.  Oh why oh why would they not tell her about Things?!  Not knowing was probably worse than the most horrid truth, then she must resort to making things up and a young girl’s imagination could be quite gruesome, likely more so than the actual reality.  Well, this was her big chance to find out.  And whatever her fate, it couldn’t be worse than harlotry, not that she knew much about that either, just enough to encourage her to produce a baby or ten lest it be all her future.  She started to cast back within her mind, seeking stories, rumors, gossip, lies, anything she could remember of life outside the city, beyond the town, things her brothers discovered in their studies, overheard snippets of the servants’ gossip, gran’s fireside tales, the talk amongst her father’s friends over their pipes when she was thought long abed.
Of course she had been taught, as all decent and proper young ladies were, about the Old World, and the Ancient Days, of all the horrible and uncouth things that had happened before civilization and decency and Standards, when the world was wild and young and wide, when people were the myth and all sorts of uncouth folk roamed the earth.  But all that happened in another age, another time, probably in another place, for nothing very interesting ever happened in or near the city, at least that she had ever heard of, at least not interesting to her, she didn’t consider the latest social scandal intriguing in the least, which may be why she never quite fit in to Society, children or not. 
As the day began to fade into evening, she allowed herself a brief respite from her introspection to take the lay of the land and consider what might be her best option for the imminent night.  The fields and pasturelands and neat little coppice woods that had straddled the road for the entirety of the journey suddenly gave way before her to a wood seemingly as dark and expansive as the night sky that seemed intent upon devouring all that remained of the dying day.  The road itself skirted this impressive forest by a wide margin, continuing on its prim and proper way, seemingly contemptuous of the wild and unkempt country that bordered one side.  Well, thought she, Society and their Standards have utterly cast me out, why should I tread their roads and prescribed paths any longer?  So with a shrug of defiance, she stepped off the smug little road and clove her way into the murky and trackless wood.
The first thing she noticed was that her fashionable garb, though quite suited to the trackless wastes of societal gatherings, was quite a hindrance in actual trackless wastes.  The second was that it was quite dark, as if one had foolishly locked oneself inside a wardrobe.  Unable any longer to ascertain what was before her, and tripping most inelegantly over some branch or rock, and even uncertain where the edge of the forest now lay, she could do little but sit down and cry, for at last her heart had caught up with her mind, originally numbed by the shock of it all, she had been able to act almost dispassionately, but out here, at last, her sorrow and fears overtook her.  Of course proper ladies were not allowed to cry, but as she was no longer of that ilk, she unashamedly wept her little heart out until at last she passed blissfully into unknowing sleep.

“She did what?!” said the astonished, though otherwise thoroughly tidy, man in wonder.
“She vanished into that dratted Wood, sir,” said the equally flabbergasted henchman, adding quickly, “I offered her the usual and assumed she’d come begging the moment she discovered just how limited her options were.  I never took her for the outdoorsy type.”
“If she was just some common trollop,” began the distinguished looking man, dressed to the height of current fashion, as he pensively paced the room, “it would be of no matter if she did choose to so lose herself and be set upon by Things.  No one would care or notice, but this chit was special!  I had a double-sided list as long as my arm of gentlemen callers wanting to make her acquaintance.  It is not often such a scandal rocks Society and when it does, our men of Fashion should be able to take advantage of it.  She’s costing me money, lots of money, and worse, notoriety!  Her reputation alone is worth more than five of my most talented ladies combined.”  He glared at the hapless minion as if this whole fiasco was his fault, “have we no options?”
“You know no one who goes into that Wood ever returns,” stuttered the terrified henchman, “at least in a recognizable form.”
“True,” sighed the dandy, “too true, you should have just kidnapped her outright.”
“Knowing what we do now, I would have, but I like to give them the chance to despair first,” smiled the lackey wickedly, “it makes their final surrender and despair all the sweeter and seems to even make them grateful to us for saving them from utter ruin.”
“Why can’t she just be reasonable like every other girl in the realm?” mused the cad in a gentleman’s garb.
“There were whispers you know, sir,” said the flunky in dubious and hushed tones.
“Yes,” slurred that non-gentleman, “and if true, perhaps she would have been a most troublesome acquisition indeed.  But was there truly any proof that she did, indeed,” he paused cautiously, as if to ensure they were truly alone before continuing in a quieter voice, as he uttered the astonishing word, “read?”
“I managed to speak to several of her former staff, both in her husband’s and her father’s house, and they agreed that she did in fact do just that,” said the sub-villain, not daring even to say the dastardly deed aloud.
“It is not,” mused the senior villain, “that a lady cannot be allowed to read, but it is her choice of literature that is of the utmost import.  You are certain it was not just flimsy novels and the society papers?”
“Nay milord,” said the henchman grimly, “it was books, solid and heavy books, any she could lay hand to, not that it was an easy thing in her social circumstances, but they say she found rather creative ways to go about it, vulgar chit!”
“Does she know something we do not about that forest or Things?” asked he.
“I doubt it sir,” said the henchman boldly, “for even the most well read of men knows little of that cursed Wood, and whatever means she used to contrive access to a book, it is very unlikely she would come across anything helpful in that regard when men with ready access to such information know nothing.”
“Quite true,” said the non-gentleman in growing good humor, “perhaps she would have been quite an encumbrance to own, a pity, but perhaps it is for the best after all.”

While Iris could see nothing going on around her, not only because she was sleeping as one dead, but also because that peculiar Wood was draped in an unnatural night, that did not mean things weren’t going on.  While all the human folk in those parts thought this particular Wood haunted, cursed, forsaken, et cetera, it was really none of those things, for it was always near to bursting with activity of various sorts and tenanted by some of the most upstanding individuals imaginable, though perhaps they did not recognize the Standards as holy writ, which was probably the main argument against calling such folk civilized, they were quite civilized in their own particular way, one which Society might very well have called uncouth, could they ever glimpse such a spectacle of course.  But as they couldn’t, all were kindly spared that sort of unpleasantness.
“A lady?!” said a very astonished voice, lurking in the shrubbery near where said lady reposed in quite un-Standard fashion.
“Quite,” chuckled a second voice in reply.
“Of all the strange and wonderful things one might glimpse in this peculiar Wood,” mused the first, “this is one spectacle I never thought to see.”
“Anything is possible here,” said the second voice in ill-suppressed amusement.
“Anything out of the ordinary,” agreed the first, “but such a spectacle is quite ordinary in the outer world.”
“But it would be a peculiar scene here and thus one would think it quite possible, along with all the other impossible scenes one might certainly witness herein,” continued the second, no longer hiding his mirth.
“I suppose your reasoning must be sound,” said the first with a shake of his head, “if not here, then certainly somewhere.”  He glanced back at the sleeping lady, “but it seems so mundane.”
“Again you are stating the obvious, my friend,” smiled the second, “please stop!”
“But then what shall we speak of?” quoth the first with a wry grin.
“Now who is the one being mundane?” laughed the second outright.
“True,” said the first ruefully, “I sound like some oblivious gentleman at a societal function where we can speak nothing but the blatantly obvious.”
“The lady’s presence is corrupting you already,” said the second in feigned horror, “what will happen to the balance of our acquaintance?”
“Dreadful thought indeed!” agreed the first, but lapsing into sudden silence as the lady in question stirred.
“Who is there?” queried she, trying to sound valiant and unafraid but managing only to sound like a lonely kitten mewing forlornly in a dark alley.  Iris glanced about her futilely, all about her hidden in mist and shadow.  At least the utter black of night had given way to a twilit world of murky shadow but she was still nearly as blind, not even able to see her feet amidst the brume, but she was quite certain she had been wakened by voices.
The first looked at the second in question, he only shrugged and stepped forward out of the swirling mists, that the lady might know what it was that lurked unseen just beyond sight.  She gasped to see that she was not alone in this surreal world, but as she had been anticipating Things, two gentlemen dressed in quality but conservative evening dress were not exactly what she had been expecting, seeing her quickly hidden look of disappointment, the first said to the second, “see, she was thinking to discover something less mundane in this peculiar Wood as well.”  Upon which, all exchanged Standard greetings, before the first spoke once more, “how come you here madam and may we be of any assistance?”
She fought valiantly but the tears still came, said she through her sobs and hiccups, “I am quite at a loss, gentlemen, for I’ve been Forsaken by kith and kin, cast out for the most heinous of offenses.  I wonder that you would even deign speak with me.”
The first man could not suppress a grin, “we don’t often get to read the society papers, milady.  You will be happy to know that your society’s standard is not ours.”
She blinked at him as if he had said he routinely employed an ostrich in lieu of a carriage horse, said she in some befuddlement, “what then is your Standard?  I know I am Outcast, but if you are equally so, have you not turned bandit or outlaw or something equally uncivilized?”
“Your society certainly would not approve of our various goings on, madam,” assured the second, his own grin as wide as his fellow’s, “but we are far from lawless men.  Indeed, we cling to a standard even higher and older than that to which you refer.”
She smiled sadly at these poor benighted men, lost so long in the dark and mist that they must truly have lost all sense of decency and propriety, not to mention physical direction, but then again, it was the Standards that had proclaimed she must be cast from all decent company and protections for an act which was not willfully done and was in nowise her fault and said that her former kith and kin must have nothing whatsoever to do with her ever again whilst these respectable seeming gentlemen were at least treating her as a real and valuable person.
Said she in polite ignorance, “I suppose there must be other Standards in the world, those that govern conduct say in former times or distant places, perhaps it is of this you speak?”
“Something like that indeed, my lady,” said the first with a grandiose bow, “but come, what crime or perception thereof has driven you so far from home?”
They both blinked in wonder at her brief tale, said the second, “and how is it you chose to flee to this peculiar Wood, whose reputation may be even worse among fashionable folk than even the flesh dealers that offered you succor?”
“I’ve never heard aught of this Wood, either good or ill,” said she simply, “women are not told such things.  I’ve tried to read up on things, not Things mind you, but anything I could lay hands on, but even that study was limited, for it is thought quite uncouth for a woman, particularly one of my standing, to know things, especially about Things.”  She brightened significantly at this, “now that I am a woman of ill-repute, will you tell me about the Things?”
“What things?” queried the first in confusion.
“You know!” said she a bit abashedly, “the reason the city has walls, the Things they are meant to keep out!”
The men exchanged a rather amused grin, at which she frowned, thinking their mirth sprang from her ignorance, but the second reassured her, “I am not sure why they built the walls if they think to repel Things from within this Wood, that is utterly ridiculous, but perhaps your folk do not understand that or it makes them feel better regardless, but either way, if the walls were meant to keep your folk safe from Things within the Wood, they are sorely mistaken.”
“I see,” said she rather lamely, but perked up as she considered, “still, if they are afraid of Things, there must be a reason and I would dearly love to learn it.”
“I am afraid what your folk fear and the actual reality of the situation are two very different things, milady,” said the first with a regretful shake of his head, continuing swiftly as she tried to interject eagerly, “and some of those truths cannot be imparted to you, for either the world is not ready or is forbidden from knowing or even we know not the truth of the matter.”
She shut her eagerly gaping mouth and merely broached a disappointed, “oh,” feeling again a little girl whose father had just told her serious books were not within the proper domain of womenfolk.
“That and there is not time enough between now and the end of days to thoroughly discuss such a topic,” added the second hurriedly.
“So you are saying,” mused she, “that though much must yet remain hidden from my ravenously curious mind, there are still enough facts of interest to keep me thoroughly occupied for the rest of my born days?”
“Certainly miss,” grinned the first, “the better question would be, what do you need to know, what would be the most important topic to begin your education?”
She stood and brushed the residual brush from her hopelessly rumpled dress, touched her now feral hair with an appalled hand, only to discover her stylish hat was also missing, and said in resignation, “I suppose one’s wardrobe and appearance are not of the utmost import within this wild wood of yours?  If the residents hereof are not at all concerned with mortal walls, I would assume physical appearance would also be of little import?”  Both men offered her a smart half bow of affirmation, their eyes sparkling in delight at her quick assessment of the situation and seemingly innate understanding thereof.  She glanced around morosely at the unpromising gloom and asked, “and I suppose what I can see of this dismal place is hardly to be used as a measure to judge the Wood as a whole or even in part?”
“Indeed!” agreed the second happily, “you have a fine grasp upon the situation, for having just arrived and being...”  He trailed off awkwardly, not knowing how to state the obvious in a delicate and politic manner.
She grinned at him, quite like an excited and unabashed child, “being a former society matron?”
“Quite,” seconded the first.
“I suppose the most important matter to determine is what is to come of me?” she gazed at her interlocutors earnestly.
“I suppose we cannot just throw her back?” grinned the second in a most impish fashion.
At this, the lady gaped unwittingly like the metaphorical fish to which she had just been compared, little realizing that she had likewise committed a faux pas of vast egregiousness along with her companion: that of comparing a lady to an aquatic animal, it just was not done, at least not in proper circles, but as she glanced about once more, she was reminded just how far removed she now was from those very circles and decided to let the perceived insult pass unremarked, whereat the first came magnanimously to her rescue with, “you shouldn’t compare a lady to a fish, my friend, not on any account.”
“I suppose not,” agreed the second, “but our quandary still remains, bad metaphors aside.”
“It does at that,” frowned the first pensively, eyeing the lady, he asked, “and what shall come of you madam?”
“I haven’t a clue,” said she morosely, “I was hoping you could tell me!”
“The outer world has utterly forsaken you,” mused the second aloud, “yet you have no official place or standing within the Wood.”
“Must I?” queried she, all curiosity.
The first nodded grimly, “aye madam, for without it you would find yourself in grave peril, for there are many factions and an ever shifting balance of power and most of the denizens have little love for mortals.  At best they would ignore you, but there are many who would do far worse for the temerity you have shown in violating their Wood.”
Her eyes narrowed as she studied them anew, “yet you are not afraid to go gallivanting about as it pleases you?”  They both smiled at this, an irksome gesture, reminiscent of a smug and mysterious cat, with just as much hope of prying a satisfactory answer out of them as to the significance thereof.  Sighed she in obvious disdain, “fine, keep your secrets!  I can only then assume that I cannot safely depend upon physical appearance as a concrete sign of anything in this odd place?”
“You are quite correct, milady,” agreed the first, “hope may be found within a monstrous guise and danger in the most innocuous.”
“So you are not two gentlemen of means and leisure who have happened upon me in my hour of need?” asked she.
“We have happened upon you in your hour of need, quite providentially if I may add,” said the second.
“And we are certainly Gentlemen, at least as the term should be defined, though not as the word is realized in your society,” added the First.
“And we are certainly not men of leisure,” chuckled the Second.
Added the First, “but we certainly have the means to accomplish the necessary.”
“So what is to come of me?” asked she plaintively.
“What are your wishes and desires madam?” retorted the First.
“I want to belong somewhere,” said she pensively, “to not be judged by things beyond my control.  To be valued for what I am, rather than for what I am not or what I own or to whom I was born or for what I might do.”
“The search of every quivering soul,” nodded the Second.
“Can I find it?” asked she, hoping against hope, “here or anywhere?”
“It is quite attainable,” smiled the First, “if you truly desire it.”
“I do!” said she, “who doesn’t?”
“Everyone desires it of course,” said the First, “but most prefer to attempt to attain it in their own way, by their own power or cunning or strength, but it can only be attained one way.”
“The Standards?” asked she nervously.
“Is your society’s attempt at attaining it, yes,” nodded the Second sagely, “but it is not the true Way.”
“Good!” said she with a sigh of relief, “for I’ve tried it and found it extremely vexatious and thoroughly wanting.”  Her eyes narrowed suddenly, “how can you be so certain there is only one Way?  That sounds rather myopic and closed minded if there are as many different cultures, tribes, traditions, and peoples in the world and even beyond it as you imply?”
“What does your society think of any that don’t hold their Standard dear?” countered the First.
“We think them uncivilized heathens,” said she at once, narrowing her eyes in thought and adding, “which makes me wonder if the truly civilized way to look at the matter is to see that perhaps there are many roads to the same destination?”
“And what would happen if you found a road and started traveling thereupon, assuming it must bear you wherever you had a mind to go regardless of whither it truly went?” asked the Second.
“That is ridiculous,” giggled she, “a road can only go betwixt the places it is built; my wishes mean nothing.”
“Should not the same be true of attempting to attain a certain end?” queried the first, “If you wish to obtain milk, one does not approach an obliging rock or climb a tree.  Your society is right in its assumption that their Standard must be seen as the only way to achieve their desired end or chaos and confusion would result, even if they are wrong about the means thereof.  They have the right idea but the wrong road.”
“Humph,” grunted she in disgust, realizing how much of a waste her life had been up until this very moment, but brightening added, “so how is one to attain the proper end?”
“Take the right road,” said the First cryptically.
“Show me this way, then,” urged she.
“It will cost you everything, milady,” said the Second quietly.
“I have nothing left,” countered she.
“Materially speaking, perhaps,” agreed the First, but adding, “but what of your hopes, dreams, fears, doubts, time, preferences, prejudices, opinions, and physical being, all that makes up your heart, mind, body, and soul?”
“I must become nothing?” said she in growing alarm.
The Second shook his head minutely and said quietly, so much so that she had to strain to hear him, “we are nothing, or rather, each of us is accounted as nothing when compared to that which we seek.  It is none of our doing, we come naked and empty handed, filthy and alone, disgusting beggars with nothing to recommend us.”
She was trembling, whether in fear or anticipation, perhaps both, she scarcely knew, but licking her lips, she said just as quietly, “I am utterly wretched, beneath these fancy rags lurks nothing of worth or substance, yet you say it need not be so?”
“Aye, milady,” smiled the First in growing anticipation, “in forsaking what we think we want, only then can we discover that which we truly need.”
“Then show me,” said she eagerly.  The two gentlemen exchanged one of those maddeningly mystifying looks, bowed graciously to the lady, and then the world spun into blackness, dark as starless night.

On Sleeping Beauties: A Foible

“No, no, no!” rang the irate fairy’s strident voice as she perused the text before her, “this will never do, not in the least!  That’s not how it happened at all!”
“What’s wrong with it?” gasped her journalistic companion in surprise, “I thought you were a Reformed Evil Fairy or some such?”
Her glare froze him in his seat as she replied icily, “that does not mean I will swoon and sigh over this pathetic drivel you have the audacity to call literature.  Not even my goody-goody sister is that insipid.”
“But what is wrong with it?” said the flummoxed, and rather nervous, writer in growing despair.
“The better question,” said the fairy wryly, “is what is right with it.  Nothing!  Absolutely nothing!”  She frowned slightly and added, “that and it is utterly dull.”
“Dull?!” said he, his ire suddenly replacing his fear and surprise, “it is the consummate fairy tale!”
“That’s the problem,” said she with a heavy sigh, “I’ve had to give up the genre entirely in these latter years; it probably isn’t your fault, the world isn’t what it used to be.  I suppose you don’t even believe in dragons?”
“Of course not,” said the man with a sneer, “why should I?  Nor unicorns either, for that matter.”
“So you can put a rider on your home insurance policy, of course” said the fairy with a laughing smirk, “what happens if a dragon should happen to fly over your house and sneeze?”  He paled at this, wondering if his disbelief were so wise and trendy after all.  She continued, “as for unicorns, there’s not really any practical reason to believe in them, but it’s to your own loss if you don’t.”  He frowned at her, not catching her meaning but she was not about to enlighten him further.
Said he after a long and awkward silence, “very well, madam, I suppose since I importuned you for this very reason.  You had best tell me how to improve my manuscript.”
“Much better,” said the Reformed Fairy of Blackfen, with something almost resembling a genuine smile.  She took up the paper again and scanned the text, muttering under her breath as she read, “big party...angry fairy...the girl will die...irritating cousin mitigates the curse...pricks her finger on a spindle...long nap...smooch from a handsome prince...happily ever after.”  She looked up at him and said solemnly, “if you must know, it is very tedious indeed.”  His mouth fell open in astonishment but she charged on before he could utter anything he might afterwards regret, as he was in the presence of a magical person who did not suffer fools lightly, said she, “your characters have no personality, your plot has no depth, there isn’t even a sprinkling of humor in it, the danger and suspense is nonexistent as we all know the prince will come eventually.  That and it’s historically inaccurate.”
“Fine,” grumped the journalist, sitting back in his chair, arms crossed, and the look of a sulking toddler on his face, “enlighten me.”
“Oh, that I will,” said the fairy in true delight as she tossed the paper aside, laughed she, “and it doesn’t even begin with ‘Once upon a time:’

“I need a baby,” said the noble lady to her husband as he entered their extensive and fashionable house.  He stared at her blankly for a moment, as if wondering why she just did not go out and procure one like she did her dresses and shoes, rather than bothering him with such trifling little details, but before he could fathom the full import of her words, she plunged ahead, “I was just over at the Jones’s and they have the cutest little boy!  Oh, darling!  I want one; I must have one!  Wouldn’t a little girl be just the thing to liven up this rather dreary old house?  Think of the adorable little clothes and the accessories I could buy!  The congratulations and adulation that would flow in!”
He was about to protest that babies were theoretically expensive, and from what he had heard, they were quite noisy and dreadfully messy, not to mention rather inconvenient, but then that is what one had staff for, was it not?  And as money was no object in that particular household, why not?  “Very well darling,” said he, “if it makes you happy, nothing could please me more.”
But it seems infants are slightly harder to procure than shoes of a particular size and shade, which is hard enough, most especially when you are impatient for the fulfillment thereof.  So it was that little Midas Jones was walking and beginning to babble almost recognizable verbiage, which his mother insisted were words, whilst our esteemed lady’s frustrations mounted over her inability to produce such an adorable creature of her own, but more importantly she was unable to reap the social excitement and congratulations that would undoubtedly flow unceasingly from such a fount.  She consulted every known sorcerer, apothecary, physician, and herbalist she could find who specialized in such matters, but all to no avail.
But just as the baby craze seemed to be fading in that particular neighborhood, though exotic poultry were becoming quite fashionable, our lady found herself the mother of a beautiful little girl, in celebration of which, they threw a fantastic party, inviting everyone who was anyone in the entire Kingdom and beyond.  The happy couple stood at the door greeting their guests as carriage after carriage rolled up and disgorged one fabulously clad celebrant after another, all obviously bored silly and there out of duty rather than any fondness for children in general or this couple in particular.  The proud parents had just turned to follow the last invited guest into the house, when a rather irritated throat cleared behind them, drawing their attention.  “Yes?” said the perplexed lady of the house to the rather curiously dressed individual loitering upon her expensive and stately steps.
“I fear my invitation must have been mislaid or lost by the carrier, for I never received it,” said the interesting personage.
“Invitation?!” said the lady, quite aghast that this odd person could even think that she would ever extend an invitation to such a peculiar and shabbily clad being.
“It is the only explanation,” said the creature, quite indifferent to the hostess’ shock, “for who would dare not invite me?”
“Who or what are you, madam?” said the astounded lady.
“What?” said the disturbing vision, with a certain dangerous edge in her voice that even the flabbergasted lady could not miss, “I am not a what but a who, madam!  I am the Fairy of Blackfen.”
“Ah!” said the relieved host, coming to his lady’s rescue, “that explains it then.  For you see, we don’t happen to believe in fairies, it is quite unfashionable and therefore unthinkable, and since we do not believe in your existence, well, you can’t expect an invitation when you don’t exist now, can you?  No hard feelings I hope.  Ta ta!”  He stared at her expectantly for a moment, as if he expected her to immediately tip over dead, and then seemed rather crestfallen when she failed to do anything half so obliging.
The fairy frowned at him, “why are you standing there gaping?”
“I would think you of all people would have read that particular story?” said he in wonder, “when I said, ‘we don’t believe in fairies,’ aren’t you supposed to drop dead or something?”
The fairy said with a longsuffering sigh, but could not entirely hide her wry smirk, “I am afraid that particular story is not this particular story, thus the rules are quite different.  So sorry to disoblige you, now what about my invitation?”
“I am afraid not,” said the lady of the house with a firm shake of her head, “it would never do!  Your attire alone is five hundred years out of fashion, not to mention what my neighbors would think if I actually let a fairy in the house!  It would be utterly ridiculous and I could never again show my face in fashionable society.  Now if you were a leprechaun or some other well-to-do and currently in-vogue pixie-type person, I might make an exception, but it is completely unthinkable in this instance!  I bid you good day, madam; I have a party to host!”
The fairy laughed darkly and said in her most sinister voice, which was impressively creepy, “what if I threatened to curse your child else?”
“Oh, would you!” said the lady in sudden delight.  At the astonished and confused looks she received not only from the fairy but also from her husband, she added by way of explanation, “little Midas Jones was hexed after calling the new teacher at his Montessori, ‘an ugly old hag,’ when she pinched him and said he looked good enough to eat.  It was only the truth after all, but still she sued the Montessori and won enough money to pay cash for that homely old gingerbread mansion down the street.  Who builds with carbs nowadays?  Anyway, then she went and cursed him besides.  Now everything he touches turns to gold!  I had thought about asking if we could babysit now and again, but this would be even better.”  Her husband still looked rather perplexed, though the fairy now seemed to understand far more about this particular couple than they knew about themselves.  The lady rolled her eyes and sighed, “what is it dear?  What was unclear about what I just said?”
The man shook his head, “what’s a Montessori?  Some sort of fancy sandwich shop?”
With another sigh, his wife expounded, “it is an elite and expensive school for very young children, I had one picked out even before our daughter was born; you can’t start too early, you know.”  She eyed the fairy eagerly, “what do you think?”
Said the fairy dryly, “I don’t think there’s a worse curse I could lay on you people than the existence you already lead.”
“What is that supposed to mean?” snapped the lady in vexation, “the Jones’s have a child with a curse, how am I to be content without one too?”
The fairy wore a mocking smile, “you continue to prove my point, madam.  But I won’t be cursing your wretched whelp with anything half so interesting as the golden touch.  I suppose I could destine her to prick her finger on a spindle and fall into a wakeless sleep, or even to die; it’s trite, but effective.”  She frowned, “but then there’s always the matter of some pesky prince showing up and ruining everything; I can’t abide a ‘happily ever after.’  No, I’ll leave things as they are, I’ll let you stew in your insipidness and go vainly about your pathetic lives, but I will not forget this and one day, I will have my revenge on the entire neighborhood.  It used to be an actually respectable part of the Kingdom, except maybe for that troll under the bridge, but I’d take him over any of your ilk, drat those goats!  At least he kept the riffraff out.”
The lady looked rather baffled after this expostulation and asked for clarification upon the most important point, at least to her thinking, “what exactly is a spindle?”
The fairy sighed heavily, and replied, “I suppose you’ve never actually had to do any sort of actual handicrafts?  Making your own dresses, spinning, sewing, that sort of thing?”
“Making dresses?” said the flummoxed lady, “I have never heard of anything so ridiculous!  Why, I just send a page down to a certain seamstress with precise instructions as to what I want and need, and her lad brings it over in a trice.  No fuss, no mess, just magic!  Or does she grow them?  Sewing indeed!  What nonsense!”
The fairy’s head was in her hands, though whether trying to hide her amusement or frustration this tale does not tell, sighed she at long last, “never mind madam, it matters not.”  And then she vanished.  The baffled couple exchanged a perplexed look and then went in to their guests with quite the story to tell.”

“That is utterly ridiculous!” gasped the journalist, as the fairy paused in her telling of the tale.
“I know,” sighed the fairy, thinking she had made her point at last, “such was the state of the world even then, and it has only grown worse since.”
“No!” said the offended man, “they could have been my parents!  What happened to the King and Queen?  The castle?  Who wants to hear a fairy tale set in the suburbs?”
“Apparently not you,” said the fairy darkly, but softening her tone, she said more graciously, “but then you can’t really help your upbringing I suppose and it explains much about your own lackluster tale.”  She glanced derisively at the cast off manuscript, “I suppose you can’t help that!  Now do you want to hear the rest of the tale or shall I call in a psychologist so you can work through your traumatic childhood first?”
“By all means, please continue,” said the man, who was now white as a ghost, though whether at the thought of displeasing this magically dangerous personage or at the very idea that he might need counseling, she did not know.  She smiled in a very pleased fashion, for either would suffice, and then continued:

“After the congratulations and socially enforced awe that attend the advent of a new baby in the family had subsided to a mere trickle, and as the lady’s trendy chicken fetish consumed more and more of her time, the child was relegated to the care of a person known only as ‘nurse.’  And as Nurse was a rather old and perpetually exhausted person, she required a great deal of sleep, which only increased as the child grew, thus the dear lady spent most of her waking hours dozing in a chair in the garden whilst her charge ran amuck amongst the ferns and hedgerows.  While her mother truly had picked out a Montessori, a husband, the names of her grandchildren, etc. before the girl was even born, the all-consuming pressure of trends and fashion soon turned her mind to other, more pressing concerns and her daughter’s brilliant future was quite soon forgotten therewith.
The disgruntled fairy had not forgotten her promise and watched the family with interest as the child grew, wondering if she could come up with a curse worse than the girl’s current reality.  However, the girl was not without allies, for this particular fairy had a sister, one with whom she was not on very good terms, for in the elder’s usually blunt way of expressing things, she summed up her younger sister as a quote, ‘goody two-shoes!’  The younger saw what the elder was plotting and felt the need to intervene on behalf of the child, though whether she was protecting the girl from her parents or her vengeful sister, or both, was yet to be seen.”

“This is actually becoming a little bit interesting,” said the man, whose complexion had returned to a somewhat more natural color, “do you not find it odd to speak of yourself in the third person?”
The fairy glared at him and he was suddenly pallid as milk once more, said she, “if you would please not interrupt, you will soon discover that the story becomes quite interesting indeed.  And a good storyteller has no difficulty in speaking in the third, fourth, or even fifth person!”
The man frowned, “the fifth person?”
“Only slightly more difficult to master than the fourth-and-a-half person,” said she with dancing eyes, causing his cheeks to redden in fury as he realized she was making fun of him rather than imparting the literary secrets of Faerie.  Ignoring his interest in the grammatical rules peculiar to immortals, she continued:

“The great horse whinnied nervously; the knight looked around in dread, wondering what could cause the usually unflappable animal such unease.  Such was its training that it did not flinch, even before dragons.  The friendly light of eventide suddenly became the black of a storm-wracked night and all the whispered noises of a sylvan twilight were now as a tomb.  A scornful female voice scoffed in the menacing gloom, “well hero?  What will come of you?  Will you live or die?  Will you ride upon my whims or shall the earth swallow you whole?”  
The man shuddered, but knew to his very soul that he could never serve such a vile mistress, said he as boldly as terror allowed, “do your worst, fell lady, but I shall never serve such as thee.”  The only answer was her mocking laughter as the ground upon which the horse stood suddenly became treacherous as that of mire or fen.  The horse screamed his terror but was soon silenced as they sank from the sight and knowledge of mortal men.”

“Certainly far more dramatic than my rendition,” said the man in approval, “but I still don’t see where a spindle fits into all of this?”
“You are utterly ruining my tale!” said she with another irritated glare, “and unless you want to finish the story as an amphibian, I would highly advise against further outbursts!”  He swallowed audibly, eliciting a menacing smile from the lady as she continued:

 “There had never been such a cheerful, skipping child as Kylee, who seemed more lark or sunbeam than daughter of men.  Her joy it was to sing and dance through the wooded vales in mist and shadow, to whisper with the flowers of the garden when they were aglow with the morning sun, and to share secrets with the little birds that trilled in the hedges.  Nor was she surprised to meet one day a creature as whimsical and joyous as herself, save this was a daughter of the fairies, rather than of the mortal race, but so alike were they in interest and temper that it mattered not.  So it was they traversed field and fen together, laughing with the brook and dancing in the mists of dawn, learning the language of violet and swallow.  Her parents would have been aghast to learn that she kept company with any fey creature, no matter how sweet of temper, but they took very little interest in her or her tales, and her nurse, when conscious, just assumed them to be the invention of a young and fanciful mind with too little interest in her own kind, but she could not contain this seemingly half-dryad creature without crushing her utterly or ruining a perfectly good nap, so Nurse allowed her to gad about as she would, thinking she would one day outgrow such nonsense.  But outgrow it she never would.
The years passed and this whimsical bud blossomed into a fanciful maiden who still kept her secret trysts with her sister of fairykind, but had learned the wisdom of keeping silent upon the matter with less discerning mortals.  Upon a misty morn of rose and gold, Kylee met the fairy lass amidst the dew soaked lilies, but the creature seemed apprehensive, a mood in which the girl had never before seen the irrepressibly blithe creature, said the fairy with trembling voice, “I bear dread tidings, my friend, but worse would it be if no one knew and nothing was done to prevent so great a tragedy.”  Kylee was at her side in a moment, urging her to speak what she would, for it must be grim indeed to so upset a creature that might have been mirth incarnate.  Continued she, “my sister, whose nature is quite contrary to my own, has used her magic to coerce and entrap any number of men, warriors all, that they may do naught but her will, this to spare their lives.  She intends to loose these vile slaves upon all the folk hereabouts, to rid the countryside of mortal men and to restore order and dignity to the neighborhood, at least as she defines it.”
Kylee gasped, “can nothing be done?”
The fairy said grimly, “there is a chance but the cost is great.”
Kylee’s fear turned suddenly to a grim resolve, “speak dear friend, I will pay what price I must, if I can avail my folk.”
The fairy swallowed a sob, but continued, “my sister has captured a number of knights, unwilling to do her will, in the process of acquiring those of a more vile or fickle nature that she has enslaved, these objectors may perhaps oppose her fell minions if they can be wakened from the sleep that lies heavy upon them.  But to break the enchantment, one must be found who is willing to endure endless sleep that these others might waken.”
Kylee nodded sadly, “I will try, what must I do?”  The fairy flung herself into her friend’s arms and wept as if her heart would break, but after she had cried herself into relative acceptance, she told the girl all that must be done.”

“Truly pathetic!” said the man, unable to resist, even with the threat of a rather soggy future hanging over his head.
“I know,” sighed the fairy, who did not seem at that moment intent on carrying out her promise, “but what do you expect from two such sappy heroines?  But even so,” she smirked at him in anticipation, before continuing, “no matter how saccharine or cavity inducing they might be, they are worlds better than your one dimensional characters!”
Said the now miffed man, not thrown off in the least by this venture into the realm of mathematics so soon after their grammatical discursion, “you say my characters have no more personality or interest than a dot, a single point in the space-time continuum?”
“Precisely,” said she in quiet triumph, “now on with my tale:

It was rather a dreadful trick, though quite ingenious, or so thought the Fairy of Blackfen, and at last she would have her revenge, one way or another, on those who had insulted her so long ago.  If the girl were as insipid as her parents, she would be destroyed along with all her folk, but if she somehow managed to remain untainted by their futility and vanity, she would soon find herself napping until Time itself failed utterly.  She drew back into the shadows and watched in eager anticipation what was to come.  The most delicious part of the whole scheme was that her pansy of a sister thought she could use the girl to subvert her plans, when either outcome was just as satisfactory to the Fairy of Blackfen, though on second thought, the idea of the girl thinking to sacrifice herself on behalf of those who could not even comprehend such a scheme and wouldn’t care about it if they could, was rather delightful.”

“You can’t gloat in the third person,” sulked the man.
“I can do whatever I want,” said she, “I am the omniscient narrator!  That includes turning you into a frog, by the way!”
He shuddered involuntarily, “I thought you were a Reformed Evil Fairy.”
“Only a Mostly Reformed Evil Fairy,” said she, savoring his discomfiture, “it is a process after all:

On the far side of the woods lay a wild land of moor and fen, amidst those forgotten hills was a cavern in which the knights slept as men in their tombs.  Kylee set out immediately for that lonely heathland as the fairy vanished to distract her sister, that she might not know of this threat to her plan until it was too late, little knowing her sister’s true intentions.  The journey was uneventfully made and as night was falling, Kylee found herself upon a stony hillside beneath a sky of lowering grey clouds.  An archway of stone stood black and ominous before her, like the mouth of death.  She took a deep breath and marched into the doorway.  There was a slight glow in the otherwise gloomy cavern, for some sort of luminous fungus thrived therein.  Upon each side lay a row of stone biers and upon each lay an unmoving knight, sword upon his breast, as one interred.  She hastened to the far end of the seeming tomb where lay an empty stone bier, around which had coiled a thorny vine that bore spines, long and sharp as needles, and black roses, which stank of death and decay.  As she crawled atop the bier, she pricked her finger upon one of the thorns, a single drop of blood fell atop the stony bed as the girl immediately fell into darkness.  
A light glimmered in the doorway as the fairy entered to see what had come of her friend.  The girl lay unmoving, pale as marble and cold as stone, upon her bier while all about the cavern, the sound of waking men and clinking armor filled the air.  The fairy’s light and courage blazed forth as she called the groggy knights to arms and told them of all that had come to pass and what was yet to come.  As one, they gazed upon the sleeping form of the maiden with pity and wonder, vowing to waken her in turn once the grim fairy’s minions were routed.  They emerged from the cave and found their horses inexplicably waiting and eager upon the hillside.  Once they were mounted, the fairy’s light engulfed them all, and they vanished, leaving the hillside to its lonely vigil, save that the great thorny rose encircling the girl’s bier grew to such vastness that it quickly covered the entire hill and filled the cavern in which she lay.  Any who dared approach the sleeping figure would soon find themselves likewise enchanted by the merest scratch from those countless, terrible thorns.
The vile fairy unleashed her minions at full dark and intended none of her neighbors to see the morning, but her sister knew of her plans and sent her own knights to counter the plot.  The fighting was fierce but the wakened knights were victorious and the grim fairy overthrown.  The triumphant knights and their pixie captain surrounded the fell creature, who wore a look of haughty triumph even in defeat, scoffed she, “well met sister!  A victory indeed, I did not think you had it in you, but what has it cost your dear little friend?  She will never waken as long as the hills endure!  You have salvaged the lives of those hereabouts but at what cost?”  Her scornful laughter seemed to mock the rising dawn itself before she vanished into the whelming mist.  
“What will come of her?” asked one of the Knights of the remaining fairy.
She shook her head and said, “she will likely get up to more mischief one day, but for now these folk might dwell in relative peace and safety.”
Asked another Knight, “what of the sleeping maid?  Did the fell lady speak truly of her fate?”
The fairy said sadly, “she paid the price willingly and without hesitation.  But great is the price to free her from the enchantment; I do not know if any would be willing to endure the cost, so she will likely sleep on until the world itself has passed into legend.”
“What then is the price?” asked the first Knight.
Said she, “one must journey to the far, distant hills that rim the very edge of the world.  There grows a flower that is said to cure even death itself, but the price to pick them is great.  The hand that plucks them must then cross the hills and leave the world forever behind.  What lies beyond, none knows, but that is the price.”
There was much murmuring amongst the Knights, for they had not reckoned on such a cost.  They had thought to fight monsters or fell men, to make a great journey and bold vows, but in the end to return triumphant.  But this?  To make the effort and never see the result; to strive and never return more?  The cost was too great, the price too dear.  One by one, they turned away with many fine words and much regret; the fairy wretchedly watched them go, but knew it better that they never attempt the journey than to have their hearts and courage fail at the last.  All the men of renown and valor abandoned her that day, but the least of them all, a mere page, remained behind.  She eyed the boy with grim hope, “and would you risk this thing when all your elders will not?”
The boy shrugged, “if none else will, that leaves only me.  I will go.”  He frowned, “how then are these flowers to reach the imperiled lady if I am not to return?”
Laughed she for very joy, “I will accompany you and bear them back to she that sleeps.”
The boy nodded grimly, “then we had best be on our way.”  She laughed in relief and joy as the boy mounted his horse and they set forth into the dawning.  As they traveled, asked he, “could you not pluck these flowers to save your friend?”
She looked sadly upon the boy and shook her head gravely, “nay, for my kind is not allowed beyond the confines of this world, only mortal man has that doom and that joy.”  The boy nodded, but seemed perplexed by her words, but there was naught she could say to enlighten him, for it was just the way matters stood and was perhaps beyond mortal comprehension.
She could not harvest the flowers herself, but she could certainly help the boy in other ways and much did she ease the tedium and difficulty of travel with her magical talents and pleasant company, until at last, after a rather uneventful and relatively agreeable journey, they arrived upon the hills that bordered the verge of the world.  It was an enchanting land of rolling hills, wide meadows, laughing brooks, and bright woodlands, but to the East there was no horizon of boundless blue sky, but rather a perpetual mist that seemed ever radiant with the new risen sun.  Said she, “thence must you go once you have plucked the flowers.”
He studied the mist and some part deep within yearned above all else to discover its secrets.  He smiled at her tremulously, “and where grow these wondrous plants?”  
She smiled and pointed to the mist, “in the very vapor of the mist do they abide.”  They walked slowly towards the verge and a wondrous scent filled the air.
He sighed with great eagerness, “they smell sweeter than life itself!”
“Aye,” said she, “and so will they drive away even the shadows of death.  But come, the time is at hand.  Does your courage fail you, even now?”
Laughed he for very joy, “nay lady, I long to plunge in and see what waits Beyond, if this is the mere border, what must lie at the heart?”

