




Thyme in a Flask

Glen Quarry



Cover art by Tatiana Vila
www.viladesign.net


Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2015 by Glen Quarry
All Rights Reserved.


Table of Contents


Prologue
1: The Grim Rider
2: The Upper Room
3: Combat in the Dark
4: Serah’s secret
5: A catchpenny hut
6: Othan
7: The Bridge over the Aphryl
8: Flight of Prey
9: Catching up
10: Monte’s Battle
11: The Round Stone
12: Lone Pine Pass
13: Tent Meeting
14: The Gypsies
15: Ceryyl
16: Rodan’s Place
17: Wysel’s Friends
18: A Cobbler in the Woods
19: Clestor’s Home
20: The Tower of Linden
21: Mercy for the Vanquished
22: The Valley of Stone
23: Over the Wall
24: The Mind-Speaker
25: The Riddle
26: A Parallel World
27: Perry and Abeezer
28: Soliah
29: Samuel’s Moment
30: The Flask of Thyme
31: The Way of the Gates
32: Jon and Danil
33: Out of the Pit
34: The Guard at the Stairs
35: Joanna
36: Samstiss Returns
37: The Queen’s Banquet



Prologue


She was a princess in a fairy tale land, and she enjoyed comforts available only to someone of her social standing. Her father was Samstiss, the King of Elsinore, and it was by his design that she lived with her maid, Rebecca, and not in the castle with her father. She had never known her mother.
At times, Joanna wondered why she lived away from her father, and then she would remember that he was a very busy man with a large Kingdom to tend. Rebecca would take her to the castle to see him on occasion, and she had ever so much fun visiting with him and his attendants in the throne room.
One day, Joanna happened to be playing alone in the palace gardens. She picked some daisies and put them together in a beautiful bouquet. While sorting the colorful collection in her small hand, she thought of her father, and ran up the hill to the castle.
The castle was very large, and she had trouble finding her father this day. He wasn’t in the throne room or the library where she had found him on earlier visits. There was much of the castle that was unknown to her, so she asked for the help of a guard by the throne room door.
“Please, sir, can you help me find my father?” she asked timidly. The guard’s brightly colored uniform intimidated her.
“Well, let’s see,” said the guard, smiling at her bright face. “I think you’ll find him in his library, little princess.” He led her to a circular stairway and pointed to the second floor.
“But the library with all the books and maps is downstairs!” exclaimed Joanna. “He wasn’t there.”
“Ah, you may have looked in the castle library, but that’s not his library,” said the guard. “Trust me, there is another library upstairs, and that is where you will find your father.”
Joanna was frightened to go up the stairs alone. The castle was so big, and it troubled her to go into places she had never been. Her footfalls seemed loud to her ears as she mounted the cold, marble steps. Once at the top, she found a wide hallway, and the first doorway led into a quaint room filled with bookcases and shelves of heavy, leather-bound books. Her father was there, standing by the closet.
Joanna entered the room but stopped suddenly, for she immediately knew something was out of the ordinary. There was a cold, moist feel to the air, and she shivered involuntarily. Pulling her light vest closely around her neck, she crept uncertainly toward her father’s hunched figure. His eyes were closed.
Then her father turned to her, and she scarcely recognized him. A startled, almost fearful look was on his countenance when he saw her. Anger suddenly replaced the fear, and he glowered at her from beneath heavy eyebrows.
Then, just as suddenly as these emotions came they were gone, and Samstiss smiled at her and took the bouquet of daisies she offered. Once again, the kind father she knew stood before her. She felt him trembling as he held her, and for many years afterward, this visit became a recurring memory that she wished would go away.
Without knowing it, Joanna had stumbled upon her father as he returned from a journey into the empty land.



1: The Grim Rider


Jon Chandler relaxed, his legs dangling from the back of the wagon. A fine dust drifted over him, settling on his jeans and tickling his nose. He glanced at his friend, Samuel, who was snoring softly. The dust didn’t seem to bother Samuel at all.
Samuel was seven feet two inches tall and weighed all of three hundred eighty pounds. Despite his intimidating size, he was a congenial young man and Jon’s best friend. He didn’t look for trouble and would usually turn away from it when it was staring him in the face, but if he was threatened, his easygoing style could change quickly.
Samuel had asked to go with Jon to his grandfather’s place, shrewdly hoping to avoid the summer’s field work back home. He was tired of being ‘volunteered’ for farm labor every year, and his daddy was not only a hard worker but also a slave-driver.
Earlier, the boys had secured a ride on a friendly furrier’s wagon, for at least as far as the next town anyway. They would spend the next three weeks with Jon’s grandfather, and that might be good or it might be bad. Jon didn’t know how Othan would react to having Samuel at the house as he hadn’t mentioned his friend was tagging along, and the old man could be affable or cantankerous, often within the same few minutes.
The morning sun was warm and the light breeze ruffled Jon’s hair. He stretched his legs and glanced at the flowing prairie grass as they passed by. The monotonous creaking of the wagon wheels blended with the cheerful whistle of a road-side meadowlark and he felt himself drifting off to sleep.
A sudden lurch of the wagon made him sit up. He slapped the dust off his arms and tried to relax, staring at the back road. Far away he saw a cloud of dust, larger than expected from a slow-moving wagon or walking horse. It had been dry of late, and any activity on the road was apt to produce dust, but this cloud was huge, billowing high above the road. His curiosity was piqued and he watched with rapt attention. Soon a horse and its rider materialized from the shroud of dust, and it was apparent they were moving quickly. Jon rubbed the dust from his eyes and stared. The horse was fast; in fact Jon had never seen such speed from a riding animal, even though he had been to the derby more than once in his sixteen years.
“Don’t look into his eyes, Lad.”
Jon jumped at the sound of the voice, and looked around. Samuel was inert beside him, and Patches, the merchant-owner driving the wagon, whistled off-key. Jon turned a finger in his dusty ear and wondered if he had heard a real voice.
“Can you hear me?” the voice spoke again.
“I hear you,” whispered Jon in wonder. “Where are you?”
“Good. Remember what I said.”
In a matter of just a few minutes, the horse and rider had caught up with the wagon and slowed to walk beside them, dragging dust behind them. A stifling smell came with the dust; so foul was it that Jon slapped a handkerchief over his face and stared at the rider.
Something was unusual about this man. He was extraordinarily tall, strappingly built and carried with him an immense Power-field. The rider’s eyes were strange in every sense of the word. Even though they were partly hidden beneath the dark cowl over his head, Jon could make them out. They were colorless, and for all Jon could see, sported no pupils. How do you have eyes without pupils and still see? Jon was so curious he forgot the warning of the anonymous voice and maintained eye contact. The man’s gaze was compelling, riveting Jon’s attention and locking his gaze. It seemed the man was reading Jon’s mind as he rode, probing and searching.
Jon found he had lost control of his actions. For several minutes, he remained helpless in the gaze. It was only when Samuel sat up and the stranger's gaze shifted that Jon was able to look away.
Samuel rubbed his eyes and looked at the strange rider. “Who's that fella?” he asked.
“Look away!” Jon said quickly, hoping his friend wouldn’t fall prey to the gaze-lock.
Samuel began coughing violently from the stench and slapped a huge hand over his nose. "Gawd, is he dead?" choked the young giant. “I think I can’t breathe.”
Jon chanced another glance at the rider, this time being careful to avoid the gripping eyes. Just as the rider was tall, the steed was also unusually large. Its ‘black as midnight’ color matched the darkness of the rider's cloak and face.
Then, ever so slowly, the horse and rider began to pass the wagon. The rider turned to watch a moment longer, and then he kicked the horse savagely in the flanks. The horse screamed and surged ahead, bouncing off the shoulder of Patches’ inside horse and nearly throwing the team off the road.
“Watch where you’re going, you moron,” Patches screamed, shaking his fist at the departing dust cloud. “I’ll show you the hard side of my fist!” The furrier sawed on the reigns, fighting to regain control of his team, and the wagon pulled up with one wheel off the road.
“Sumpin smelled bad,” said Samuel, looking a bit green.
“I’m cold,” said Jon with a shiver.
“Cold! You must be sick, Squart,” said Samuel. “It’s hotter than blazes out here.”
“Maybe so, but it doesn’t change how I feel,” said Jon. He grabbed a couple of the pelts from a pile in the wagon to cover himself. “I hope we never meet that fellow again. There was something unnatural about him. Did you notice his eyes, Sam?”
“Naw. My eyes were watering from the smell and I didn’t see anything.”
“He caught my gaze and I couldn’t look away,” said Jon. “It was almost like he froze my mind.”
“I think I could take him,” said Samuel. “He wasn't so big.” The young giant picked up his rucksack and started munching on a sandwich.
Jon shook his head, unable to overlook the rider as easily as his friend. No matter what Samuel said, there was something more remarkable about the rider than the smell.
“I heard a voice, Sam,” said Jon.
Samuel looked at his young friend skeptically. “What’d it say?”
“Don’t look into his eyes. That is what I heard.”
“You musta been dreamin’. I never heard it.”
“No, I wasn’t dreaming, and it was loud enough you should have heard it too, in between snores, that is.”
By noon they had reached Pindra, and the boys were dusty and sore from bouncing on the wooden wagon floor. They had seen nothing more of the grim rider, and no other travelers on that section of road. Patches guided his team into an alley and pulled to a stop at the back door of the furriers’ shop.
Jon and Samuel slid from the wagon and stretched. “Thanks for the ride,” said Jon, digging into his pocket. “Here’s a copper for you.”
Patches waved it off. “Keep your money. I can help out a couple of boys free of charge.”
“Thanks,” Jon grinned, “and look out for that rider.”
Patches frowned. If I see that crazy rider again I’ll show him where he was wrong.”
“I wouldn’t get too close,” said Jon.

“Who had the flask last?” asked Ophemus, an officer in the Queen’s army.
“The Queen believes Monte or Othan had it last, but they’re as hard to nail down as the four winds,” said Antone, the Queen’s chief advisor. “We’ve been watching both for years.”
“Monte is the one that hid it,” said the sorcerer Wysel. “I know him well, but he won’t tell me where it is.”
“I wouldn’t blame him,” said Ophemus. “You’re hard to trust, Wysel.”
“I’m on your side and always have been,” said Wysel. “You don’t blame me for playing the part of their accomplice, do you?”
“We trust you, friend,” said Antone soothingly. “You are the best at bewitching spells, almost as good as the old sorcerer himself. The mirror spell you created last week was brilliant.”
“It’s good to be appreciated by somebody,” Wysel grumped. “No-one else has even thanked me.”
“I’m going to be the first to find Monte,” said Ophemus grimly. “I’ll put a blood-walker or two on his tail. Just don’t mention it to Joanna.”
Antone shuddered visibly. “Those dirty red devils…” He shook his head, and then seemed to change his mind. “Sure, go ahead and use them if you can. Maybe they can root him out.”
Better they find him before the Searcher does,” said Wysel. “If that monster gets to the flask first, I’ll never see it.”
“I’d kill that Searcher demon if I knew how,” said Ophemus.
Antone smiled. “I’d like to see that, Ophemus. The blood-walkers might help with Monte but they’ll be no use when you take on Danil!”
“Leave him to me,” said Wysel. “I’ve got a plan.”



2: The Upper Room


The road from Pindra to Dreman was busier than yesterday’s stretch. Merchant wagons, farm wagons and groups of riders passed them by as Jon and Samuel trudged along. Nobody seemed interested in stopping for two boys on foot. Most wagons were full of something or other and few riders liked to double up.
Dreman was the last stop before the twelve miles to Sanbalem, and the boys were glad to see the village after a six hour walk through the hottest part of the day. It was a drab, fishing community, but nicer than some of its kind, with more substantial buildings and better streets.
“Let’s find a place to eat, Squart,” croaked Samuel, his mouth pasty dry. He licked his lips and scanned the buildings as they passed.
Jon shaded his eyes and looked toward the setting sun. It was lowering fast, and Sanbalem was still a good walk up the mountain. Maybe Samuel was right. A meal and a good night’s sleep would be just the ticket.
On one side of the street they saw a two story inn called the ‘Jolly Traveler.’ The smell of food coming from its open door was tempting, so the boys ventured in. They found themselves in a poorly lit room and took a pair of vacant bar-stools. Only one other customer was at the bar.
“I suppose you want supper,” said the barkeep, wiping a glass on a soiled towel. “I've got a pot of stew on the stove.”
“Give us some stew and a loaf of bread,” said Jon.
The barkeep eyed Samuel sourly. “It’ll cost the big fella twice.”
“You'll need more than that, Charley,” laughed the other patron. “Four times the price might get you closer to breaking even.”
Samuel glared at the man. “Eat your own supper and shut up.”
The joker hastily went back to his plate.
Samuel removed a gargantuan shoe and shook out a pebble. “We’ll pay twice for me, but that’s all,” he said to Charley. “And I’m eating all I want.”
The barkeep grunted and left to plate up the food. For all his disagreeable appearance, he was generous with the stew, and the hungry boys eagerly fell to it.
They rented an upstairs room for the night, but almost regretted it when they saw the narrow stairway. Samuel found the walls too narrow for his shoulders, and he had to go up sideways.
The room was sparsely furnished; a bed, two chairs, and a small washstand for accommodations. The bed was barely big enough for Jon alone, so Samuel took one of the blankets and a pillow to make his bed on the floor.
“This here’s going to feel good,” sighed Samuel, dropping his huge shoes with a loud thud and causing chunks of dried mud to skip across the wooden floor. He sank heavily onto his makeshift bed and stretched out, nearly reaching from wall to wall. The blanket didn’t reach to his feet.
Jon took off his dusty clothes and washed at the basin, twisting a wet rag into his ears to get the dust out. It would be hard to get really clean. He knew he was still dirty, but his feet ached and he was tired. He lay on the bed and closed his eyes.
Samuel fell asleep quickly but Jon wasn’t so lucky. The image of a hooded figure on a tall horse kept flitting through his mind; a horse and a man so eerily alike in many ways. He shivered involuntarily. The speed of the horse and the grim rider’s paralyzing stare were disturbing, to say the least.
When at last he drifted into restless sleep, it was short-lived. He awoke with a start after what seemed like just minutes, his forehead damp with sweat.
A weak, greenish light was coming through the window. Samuel was gently snoring, but otherwise all was quiet. There were no sounds coming from below.
He rose and crept to the window. A dense mist had come into the village from the river, and he couldn’t see across the street. The view was foreboding. It certainly looked different than it had when they had come into town earlier. A lonely raven sat above the wooden inn sign, but after a minute it flew away on silent wings.
Then Jon saw movement to the left. He froze. A tall figure on a big horse was coming into view.
It was the grim rider from earlier in the day. The horse was moving slowly, and the rider was staring at the buildings he passed, as if searching for something. He pulled to a stop in front of the inn and sat brooding for a few minutes, seeming lost in thought.
Instinctively Jon crouched, eyes level with the window sill.
The huge horse stamped a foreleg impatiently as the rider sat motionless; the swirling of the mist nearly concealing him. A minute passed, and then another.
Suddenly the rider turned and looked directly at the bedroom window, catching Jon off-guard. The boy dropped below the window sill, hoping he hadn’t been seen. A cold shiver stole down his spine. For a long minute he squatted there, until fear and uncertainty drove him to peek over the sill again. The rider was gone, but the horse was still standing in the street, reins dangling to the ground.
Now Jon was really alarmed. Where was the rider? He sprang to Samuel and shook him. “Sam, wake up. Wake up!”
Samuel groaned and rolled onto his back. Another snore told Jon his friend was still asleep.
Jon roughly shook him again. “Wake up, Sam!” he hissed.
Samuel sat up, rubbing his eyes. “What are you blubbering about, Squart?”
“The grim rider is out there!” Jon said breathlessly, grabbing his pants and pulling them on so fast he nearly fell to the floor. “At least, he was out there. Now the horse is alone, and I don’t know where.….”
Then they both heard it; a measured tread, as if someone heavy was coming up the creaky stairs. The horse outside screamed. Jon’s nerves were wound as tight as a mandolin string, and his heart nearly stopped at the sound. Panic-stricken, he yanked on the rest of his clothes.
Samuel was instantly wide awake, and in the half-light Jon could see the whites of his eyes. The young giant yanked on his shoes and grabbed a chair. “What in tarnation was that?” he rasped.
“I think…it’s the grim rider,” Jon whispered.
“Wal, I’ll be a tinhorn!” Samuel gripped the chair so hard the muscles of his forearms bulged. “He better not come here, or I’m going to show him some stars from heaven.”
Jon tested the security bolt to make sure it was latched, and then he placed his ear against the door. He could sense an immense Power-field building beyond the door. It would take more than the thin wood of the door to keep them safe from this being, whatever it was.
The boys waited with stifled breath, straining to catch the slightest sound. They heard another creak, and this one sounded closer still. Jon closed his hand over the knife at his belt. The smooth handle in his hand somehow reassured him. A muffled grunt sounded and something brushed the door. Jon placed his hand on the door-latch and felt it slowly turning. The sound of the security bolt hitting the catch told him that pressure was being applied to the door. The bolt held.
For a minute there was no sound but the raspy breathing of the man just beyond the door. Sweat stung Jon’s eyes, and his heart was racing. By the meager light coming in the window, he could see Samuel’s face and knew his friend was terrified, too.
The horse outside screamed again. That awful sound! Battling through his fear, Jon wondered if the horse could somehow sense what was happening inside.
Then there was a roar, and a fist banged loudly on the door. A silent moment followed. Seconds seemed long as the boys stood wondering and waiting. The raspy breathing ceased for a short moment, and then there was an angry bellow followed by a frenzied assault on the door. A splintering sound and an enormous crash announced the failure of the bolt. The door flew open, hanging shattered and useless on one hinge.



3: Combat in the Dark


A rancid smell came with the intruder; the same the boys had noticed earlier on the road to Pindra. In the dim, greenish light from the window, the shadowy figure was immense. The man had to duck to come through the door, and when he straightened, he was shorter than Samuel by less than a few inches. The hood was still on his head, but what was visible of his face was twisted and deformed.
The immense Power-field of the man terrified Jon even more than his size. It gave the man an air of invincibility, of power beyond reckoning. The intruder raised a faint weapon the boys could hardly see and brought it down with a whoosh where Jon had been a second before. Jon’s quick reflexes had saved him this time.
“Don’t look into his eyes,” Jon thought desperately, as he raised his knife to strike. Just as he was about to thrust his weapon at the shadowy figure, the horse outside screamed savagely, and he nearly dropped his knife in his fright.
Samuel came at the beast from the other side, chair in hand. As he raised it above his lofty head to strike, the chair banged into the plastered ceiling above, and a shower of debris sprinkled down. The attacker whirled to meet the new challenge.
Left unguarded, Jon thrust his knife at his assailant’s chest, striking the shoulder instead when his target moved. The grim rider staggered backward with a groan and turned his face toward Jon. The eyes that had appeared clear in daylight now showed a pale blue, and again they gripped Jon in a hypnotizing embrace.
This time the deadlock was short-lived. Samuel ended it when he brought the chair down on the rider’s head. The force of the terrible blow was amplified both by Samuel’s primeval fear and his gigantic strength. The chair shattered into a hundred splinters and the stranger crashed to the floor without a whimper. The boys gaped at the inert form wedged in the doorway, slow to understand they had overcome the threat and were free to go.
Jon was the first to move, grabbing a long arm and struggling to extricate the heavy man from the doorway, but it was Samuel that pulled the man free. Without waiting to see if the stranger stayed down, the boys bolted through the door and headed for the steps. Jon was the first down and Samuel second and last, for after the young giant’s desperate descent, the stairway crashed downward and pieces of stair wall hung swinging from the top floor ceiling. The frightened boys barreled into the darkness of the dining room, desperately seeking the way out.
Voices babbled behind them as they groped for the front door. Jon found the handle but hesitated to turn it.
“Let’s go out the back door,” Jon said, breathing hard. “That horse is still on the street.”
“Just go!” panted Samuel. “He can’t hurt us.”
Taking a deep breath, Jon threw open the door and jumped out. Sure enough, the black horse was there, but it was lying still in the street, and from all indications it was out cold. It even looked like a dark pool of blood had formed in the street by its nostrils.
“Would you look at that,” said Jon. “You knocked the horse down with the same blow.”
“How would that work?” asked Samuel puzzled.
“I don’t know and right now it doesn’t matter. Come on!”
The commotion coming from inside the inn was crazy, and homes in the area were lighting up. Doors slammed and hoarse shouts filled the air as people stepped outside to see what was going on. The boys were a full block up the road before they turned back to take a look. The horse’s position was unchanged, and there was no sign of the tall rider.
“Hey, we forgot our rucksacks, Squart!” panted Samuel.
“We’re not going back,” said Jon. “We couldn’t get to the room anyway because you broke down the stairway.”
They kept an anxious eye behind as they ran; staying on the high road despite the chance they could be overtaken. They could go faster this way, and they would hear that horse coming a mile away. Patches of fog still lingered in the cool night air but visibility was improving, and the pale moon began to shine intermittently. The road they travelled passed through a dark grove of trees before it emerged into open fields and farming country. Moonlight turned buildings and trees to a silvery gray in contrast to the darkness of their shadows. The sweet smell of freshly mown hay hung in the country air.
Presently, they came to a stop by a barn standing a stone’s throw from the road. There was a house and a few outbuildings too, all dark. As far as the boys could see, the whole place was deserted.
“Let's hide in the barn and watch the road for a bit,” suggested Jon. “We can catch our breath.”
“Good,” was Samuel’s breathless reply.
There was still a good portion of the night left. All was quiet when they turned in at the drive, but the boys noticed a dog approaching from the house, and it was growling. Samuel raised his only weapon, a club which he carried strapped around his thick neck, and the dog stopped in its tracks.
The boys opened the barn door, which squeaked loudly on dry hinges. Once inside, it was utterly quiet. There were no cows in the stanchions or horses in the stalls, and spider webs hung everywhere, indicating the building had been empty for a long time. Very little light came through the dirty windows, but it was enough to show a ladder ascending the wall into the loft above.
“I’m going up,” said Jon, grabbing a rung. Without waiting for Samuel’s reply, he climbed to the top and stepped onto a floor layered with dry, dusty hay. High in the gable was a glassless window that let in a small amount of moonlight.
Samuel hesitated to step onto the ladder. It seemed unsafe to him, and indeed it wasn’t made to bear his kind of weight. When he did step on the bottom rung it broke loose, but he bravely kicked his way to the top anyway.
“What was that cracking sound,” asked Jon as Samuel stepped from the ladder. “Did you break it?”
“We can still get down,” Samuel wheezed. “It was just the first step few steps.” Swirling hay dust tickled his nose, and he sneezed loudly. “This hay aint frash at all,” he said, annoyed.
Jon opened a sliding door which faced the road and a cooling breeze wafted in. He drew in a lungful of fresh air. "We can watch the road from here," he said, dragging a bale to sit on. “We’ll be well hidden.”
The night was cool and the air felt good. The friends made themselves comfortable and sat silently, watching the moonlight dance through slowly moving tree branches. It was good to be in each other’s company, and neither spoke of the grim rider.
“I’m glad to be here,” ventured Samuel, chewing on a dried alfalfa stem. “I’m tired of field-work.”
“Sly devil,” said Jon with a grin.
The boys fell silent, and without wanting to, Jon began to doze. Somewhere between the worlds of awareness and oblivion, he heard the head-voice again.
“I need you, Lad.”
Jon sat bolt upright. “Who are you?” he whispered aloud, doubting he could really communicate with such a voice.
“I need you to come to Bleumont.” the voice continued, ignoring Jon’s question.
Maybe the speaker hadn’t heard him.
“I can’t see you,” Jon whispered.
There was no reply, and that was the last Jon heard from the voice that night. He couldn’t understand how he could hear a man speak from Bleumont. He’d never even heard of mind-speaking before. If he hadn’t heard the voice yesterday he would probably be thinking he was losing his mind, but this was the second time.



4: Serah’s Secret


Dorthea shook her hair out and let it fly freely behind her. She loved to ride early in the morning when the dew was still on the grass, when the meadowlark sang by the trailside and when a cooling breeze from the previous night still lingered in the air. There were thousands of acres of choice grassland here for Uncle Monte’s prize herd of Angus cattle, and it made for great riding spaces. The pastures had become particularly verdant after a recent series of refreshing downpours, and the greening of terra made her heart sing.
Yet the tall grass could be bad for riding, for it could hide hazardous gopher holes. Because of the risk, she had marked a safe path to follow, and as long as no new holes appeared in the trail, she could ride with an easy mind.
She rode the trail most mornings, but this day was special since her mother had come along for the ride. Serah wasn’t experienced and rode no faster than a canter, though she seemed to be enjoying herself. Dorthea slowed Flyn to a walk and smiled as she watched her mother bounce in the saddle. Serah had difficulty adjusting to the horse’s rolling gait, but that was all part of the learning experience that every new rider goes through.
Serah was all smiles as she pulled her horse alongside Flyn. “No wonder you love to ride,” she said. “I never realized what I was missing.”
“It is my favorite thing to do, and there is a lot of room to ride here,” said Dorthea.
“You’re lucky my brother owns a lot of land,” said Serah with a wink.
“That’s true. Uncle Monte is like a father to me, and I particularly like that he is rich.”
“Now you’re being shameless,” laughed Serah.
“I wonder why he’s so seldom home,” mused Dorthea. “Even Peeter has mentioned it.”
“It’s not surprising, honey,” said Serah. “He is a wizard and spends a lot of time with his cohorts. He and Othan are always together.”
They stopped at a pond to let the horses drink. Dorthea rubbed Flyn’s sweaty neck, and the mare’s ears flicked back in appreciation. The cooling breeze felt good on the skin and Dorthea contentedly watched as the billowing grass sawed back and forth in the wind.
“Sometimes I worry about Peeter being away too,” said Serah.
Peeter was Monte’s son and older than Dorthea by two years. After graduating from school a few weeks ago, he had joined the Brendorian guard to fill a need brought on by the latest threat from the queen, though he’d always maintained that fighting was the way of the diplomatically inept. Dorthea knew him well enough to see that he would have a very hard time killing anyone and she worried that his own life was in danger because of it.
“Do you think the queen is as bad as everyone says?” asked Dorthea, working some tangles from Flyn’s mane.
Serah’s face grew grim. “Yes, I think so,” she said.
“I don’t get it,” said Dorthea. “Monte said the hostilities are due to her desire for the Flask of Power. Do you think that’s all she wants?”
“I believe it is,” said Serah. She shivered and pulled her sweater closer. “Are you ready to go back?”
Dorthea took a deep breath and swept the prairie with her eyes. Flyn raised her head abruptly and, with ears pointed forward, she gave a loud whinny. “What’s wrong, girl?” asked Dorthea, giving the mare a reassuring slap. For just a second, she sensed a small force-field, and wondered where it was coming from.
“I think we should go,” said Serah, turning her pony’s head toward the palace. “I should be preparing lunch for Monte.”
Dorthea turned Flyn to follow, and they coaxed the mares into a trot. The palace was only a few minutes ride further, and Serah seemed anxious to get there. Perhaps she was sore from unaccustomed riding, though her urgency seemed to be due to more than that. Dorthea berated herself for bringing the queen into their conversation, for it always seemed to garner a negative response from her mother.
Serah’s horse was nearly adjacent to an ancient oak tree when there was a sudden commotion and the horse threw her from the saddle. She fell awkwardly in the grass, and her mount made a beeline for the palace grounds.
“Go!” cried Dorthea as she kicked Flyn to the spot where Serah had disappeared into the tall grass. She leaped from the pony and grabbed Serah’s hand. “Are you okay mother?” she asked anxiously.
Serah lay motionless where she’d fallen, and Dorthea tried to pull her to a seated position. “Come mother,” she cried. “Please sit up!”
Serah’s head sagged and it seemed she couldn’t breathe. There was fear in the older woman’s eyes, and her mouth began moving without speaking. Dorthea supported her mother’s head as she bent low to hear what she was saying, and picked up a nearly inaudible whispering.
“I can’t feel anything…below my neck,” Serah whispered.
“What can I do?” asked Dorthea, now desperately worried. “Can you ride in my lap to the palace?”
Serah coughed and struggled to breathe as Dorthea continued to support her. Her eyes had a panicky mien as she drew a shaky breath.
“I think my neck is broken,” she whispered. “I can’t ride.”
“I’ll get help,” said Dorthea. “It’s not far to the palace.”
“Stay with me, Dorthea. There’s not time.”
“But I can hurry,” Dorthea cried, her eyes filling with tears.
“I need to tell you something…let me lie down...so I can breathe.”
Dorthea carefully lowered Serah’s upper body to the ground. “What is it, mother?”
“I must confess that I am not your mother.” Serah coughed and drew yet another ragged breath. “I am only your guardian.”
Dorthea was shocked, and her face showed the denial.
“It’s true, Dorthea. I’ve loved you so much it hurts to say it…”
“You’re mind isn’t clear, mother!” Dorthea cut in. “Don’t say this to me.”
Serah closed her eyes. “It is true and…you need to know. I just wanted to keep you safe.”
“Safe from whom?”
Serah lay quietly for a moment and then started to cry; a broken, gasping sob. “There was an incident. I have much…guilt now. I’m so afraid you may hate me.”
Dorthea stared at her in shock. “I could never hate you,” she said. “There is nothing you could have done to make me do that.”
The corners of Serah’s mouth tweaked upward a little, but so little that Dorthea couldn’t be sure of it. “I would take…you to Bleumont…myself…” Her whisper was feeble and broken, and her eyes were closed.
Dorthea leaned low to hear the words and discovered she couldn’t hear the woman’s breathing. She panicked, for she knew little about emergency care. She screamed at the top of her lungs in the direction of the palace, hoping someone would hear her for it was less than a half mile away. She knew Monte was there; at least he had been there when they had left for their ride.
Dorthea placed her hands on the stricken woman’s chest and did the only thing she could think of; she tried to get her breathing again by pushing and releasing. This went on for a few minutes without seeming to get any results, so she began mouth to mouth resuscitation, hoping to see Serah start breathing on her own. She was relieved to hear a rapidly approaching wagon. Monte was coming.
The next hour was a daze as Dorthea helped Monte get Serah loaded into the wagon. Monte used his shirt to bind and limit movement of the stricken woman’s head, and Dorthea held her firmly while they headed for home. It seemed like there were a hundred gopher holes between them and home, and they hit most of them. All the way back Serah never opened her eyes, and Dorthea could not tell if she was breathing.
Once at the palace, things happened very quickly. Serah was rushed inside by the servants and a rider was dispatched to the nearest settlement for a healer. Dorthea stayed with Monte by Serah’s bedside, and a glance at her uncle’s face let her know the worst. By the time the healer had arrived, they knew Serah was gone.

Dorthea retreated to her room where she could grieve in privacy. It was all too much to take in; not only the fall but also the whispered secret, which would have been a major disruption of the day by itself. Was it possible the blow to Serah’s head could have affected her mind and caused her to say outlandish things? The problem was the message was so direct that it was hard to discount. There was no hesitation in Serah that couldn’t be explained by her breathlessness. She had seemed determined to speak her piece, and especially because of her injury. Did Serah know she was going to die?
Dorthea took a bath to silence the buzzing of her mind. A good hour of soaking in hot, soapy water followed by slow dressing in something comfortable relieved much of her tension. She was just congratulating herself on her composure when a knock on the door made her jump. Monte was there with a handful of red roses from the palace garden. The whites of his eyes were red, and Dorthea knew he had been crying.
“We’ve always known that disasters can muddle things,” he said. “Why is it we’re never ready when they come?”
Dorthea accepted the flowers and then took Monte by the hand. “Please sit with me, Uncle?” she begged. “I would like to hear your thoughts on something.”
“What is it?” asked Monte as he followed her to the kitchen table.
“After mother fell, she began whispering to me,” said the girl. “At first I thought she spoke nonsense, but now, I’m not so sure.”
Monte’s face took on a resigned expression. It was as if he might have expected the issue and dreaded discussing it. “What did Serah say?”
“She said she wasn’t my mother.” Dorthea’s eyes began to tear and she couldn’t seem to stop them.
“I’m sorry to hear it,” said Monte. “In fact I was afraid she would say something.”
“But is it true?” asked Dorthea in near disbelief. “She said she wanted to keep me safe.”
Monte sighed. “Yes, she spoke the truth.”
“But I can hardly believe it!”
“It must be a terrible shock to you,” said Monte kindly. “Serah was careful to keep her secret and she made me promise not to tell, though I would have kept quiet anyway.”
“But why would you keep it from me!” Dorthea cried. “If Serah’s not my mother, then who is?”
Monte didn’t answer. He busied himself with examining his hands and kept his eyes averted.
“Serah spoke of Bleumont,” Dorthea mused. “Is that where my mother lives?”
Monte winced wryly. “I’d take a whipping if I could avoid your question,” he said, “but I can see you won’t be put off. Yes, your mother lives in Bleumont.”
“I have never been to Bleumont,” said Dorthea.
“That’s not quite right, Dorthea. You see, you were born there. You were born the daughter of the Queen of Elsinore.”
“The Queen! But…that would make me a princess!”
“Yes, you are that,” said Monte. “Serah brought you here to keep you safe from her because the queen is also known as the Graolwitch. If you ever go to Bleumont, you can never meet her.”
Dorthea gaped at him. “I’ve heard of the Graolwitch, but I didn’t know of that connection!”
Monte nodded. “It’s true.”
“Okay, I’m officially freaked out now. That’s insane!”
“Is it? Now you know why Serah couldn’t bring herself to tell you the truth.”
“What about my father?”
“We haven’t heard of him for years,” said Monte. “We fear the worst for him, but Joanna has an uncle named Fanelon Strauburgh if he is still alive. He’s the brother of Joanna’s mother, and a good man, I think.”
Dorthea fell silent. Perhaps she should let the past remain in the past. It wasn’t as desirable being the daughter of a witch as it was to be a princess.
“Everyone has unpleasant memories,” said Monte. “Sometimes it is an event that takes place early in life. In your case, what could have been terrible isn’t even in your memory. You never had the experience, and that’s a good thing.”
“I feel empty,” said Dorthea dully. “If the witch is my mother, who am I?”
“You are still Dorthea,” said Monte encouragingly. “This doesn’t change the girl you are.”
“When will you take me there?” she asked. “I would still like to see her, even if just from a distance.”
“After the funeral we can go,” said Monte. “There are things that need to be done first.”
“I wonder what caused Serah’s horse to throw her,” said Dorthea. “In a way, I am responsible, since I talked her into riding this morning. She wasn’t very experienced and, I’m afraid, was easy to throw.”
“I went back to the scene of the accident and found evidence of a blood-walker,” said the wizard. “The weak Force-field was there, and I found a naked foot-print in a spot of damp soil. Blood walkers never wear shoes and have weak Force-fields. There was also a half-eaten rabbit nearby. I believe it was the blood-walker that frightened Serah’s horse.”
“Are they dangerous?” asked the girl.
“Dangerous enough, but the thing that makes them so fearsome is the company they keep. They can often be found with a druid we call the Searcher. If he is around, it isn’t safe for us to go anywhere.”



5: A Catchpenny Hut


Jon awoke with a start. He was aware he had fallen asleep despite his best intentions. What time was it? He lay quietly and listened, wondering if some sound had awakened him. He could hear nothing but Samuel’s heavy breathing. The moon was bright, illuminating the road and countryside outside his lookout door.
Jon shook his friend awake. “We need to be off, Sam,” he whispered.
“What timezut?” Samuel asked groggily.
“What does it matter? We fell asleep. We’re lucky that rider hasn’t come by.”
The boys pulled on their shoes and shouldered their weapons, ready to go into the barn below, but Samuel paused at the ladder. “You go on down first, Squart,” he grunted. “I wouldn't want to break any more steps before you use the ladder.”
“Humph,” Jon said. “You’re just afraid old Buster is down there.”
“Well, that too. Now don’t forget about the bottom steps.”
“What about them?”
“They ain’t there.”
Jon had an anxious feeling that some sound had awakened him, and he knelt and peered into the darkness below. He would be exposed and defenseless on the ladder. What was down there?
“You should go first, Sam, you’re bigger,” whispered Jon. “Where’s your courage, man?”
“I ain’t got none,” declared Samuel, “and right now I don’t want none.”
Jon gave up. Samuel was a mystery to him. The young giant was incredibly strong but his courage was tenuous. Jon had seen him riled, and so had the grim rider. It was a stunning sight. With strength like that, one would think courage would be right around the corner waiting to be snatched.
Jon took a deep breath, placed his knife in his teeth, and dropped quickly into the darkness below. His heart was hammering as he whirled about, searching the shadows. Nothing seemed amiss and nothing moved anywhere in the barn.
The ladder shook as Samuel followed quickly. When he came to the missing rungs, he fell, though he was up in a flash, club in hand.
“I’m ready,” he huffed. “What’s here?”
“Nothing,” said Jon. “Come on.”
They felt their way to the door, weapons at the ready. It was deathly quiet outside, and Jon nervously pushed the door open an inch. As it had last night, it squeaked on dry hinges.
Fifty yards away, the house was dark. All seemed still in the farmyard. Jon opened the door the rest of the way and they stepped forth. Tiny patches of mist still lingered around the buildings, though the bold moon framed the farmyard in silvery light.
The dog came slinking around the corner, growling deep in his throat. It was hardly surprising that his keen ears caught the sound of the squeaky door.
“Down, Buster,” whispered Jon, and he raised his knife threateningly. “We’re leaving.”
“You just go back to sleep, Busta boy, an’ when you awake we'll be done gone,” said Samuel.
But Buster didn’t understand English, and Samuel didn’t speak it well, either. The dog shadowed them all the way to the road, growling every step of the way. At the end of the lane, he sat on his haunches and watched them hurry away.
“That there must be the grim rider’s dawg,” commented Samuel.
The boys hurried up the road, anxious to leave the farm behind. The orange of dawn was spreading along the horizon behind them, and the moon-shadows were disappearing. A rooster crowed in the distance, and windows were coming alight as they passed by rural farmsteads. All seemed well and last night’s fearful memory slowly slipped into the past.
The twelve miles went quickly and soon they topped the last hill. Sanbalem burst into view. The rising sun bathed the city in a golden glow; wispy smoke trailed from chimneys, and off in the distance, heavier smoke could be seen billowing from industrial smokestacks. Whitewashed, clapboard homes lined the road, with a few open fronted shops interspersed between. Some of the larger homes had white fences surrounding their flower-lined gardens.
Jon's grandpa lived on the outskirts of the city in a shabby hut. “What a dump,” Samuel exclaimed as they approached what Jon identified as Othan’s home.
Jon grinned at the comment, knowing exactly how Samuel felt, for in all of Sanbalem there was not a hovel to match. An uneven foundation of loose stones supported a shabby structure of weathered boards. Thin wooden bats covered the cracks between boards to keep the wind from blowing through unimpeded. A dirty window and a flimsy, crooked door were the only visible openings.
Many of the roof’s shingles were loose or missing, and in the past Jon had been witness to the drip and trickle falling through during rainstorms. His lot had been to spend the night in the loft under this roof, and he’d been hard-pressed to find a dry spot to sleep.
A lone oak tree on the south side of the hut provided priceless shade from the heat of the summer sun. There was a dead branch high in the tree and a red-tailed hawk perched there. Its brown, cross-looking eyes followed the boys approach. Something about its manner seemed strange to Jon, though he couldn’t place it.



6: Othan


The hut was small and its entry seemed scaled down from normal. Jon tugged on the sagging door, almost afraid it would come completely free in his hands. It swung open easily enough, and surprisingly stayed on its hinges. The opening was so small that he had to stoop to enter. Samuel didn’t even try to follow him in but took a seat on a large stone near the door.
The old man was seated cross-legged on the wooden floor, facing Jon with eyes closed. He looked like he was meditating or something, but Jon thought he was probably nearly asleep. His ragged shirt was dirty and ripped, exposing unclean skin. He had a thin, white moustache that was discolored near his mouth, and wispy, white hair around the sides and back of his head. On the top, he was bald as tanned leather.
Another man sat nearby on one of two chairs in the cabin, his arms folded and his bright eyes watching Jon enter.
“Hello Pappy,” said Jon.
The old man's eyes popped open and a smile exposed crooked teeth. His skinny limbs looked like they would be hard pressed to support his sticklike frame, but he rose to his feet easily.
“It's about time you got here, laddie,” said Othan in a high, raspy voice. “I thought you were coming yesterday.”
"We stayed overnight in a barn,” said Jon. “It’s a long way to come on foot, and we got tired."
"We got tired? Who came with you?" asked the old man, peering outside doubtfully.
“Sam came with me. He’s my friend from back home.”
Othan eyes widened. “You mean that fat guy sitting on my front stone?”
Jon nodded.
Othan grunted sourly, and then waved his skinny arm at his dark-haired guest. “This is Monte Montbalm,” he said. “He’s my friend.”
“Hello Jon,” said Monte, standing and extending his hand. “I’ve heard about you.”
“Well I hope it wasn’t from Pappy,” said Jon.
Othan’s face crinkled at the remark, and Jon was glad to see the smile. He knew his grandfather well. The old man usually had little good to say about anyone, but he’d been good to Jon. Othan was a man of contrasts, and you couldn’t get to know him right away. He was crusty as tree bark on the outside but had a hidden soft side tucked way down deep. Even though he was aging, there was something about his sharp gaze that spoke of strength, and this was not easily seen either.
“Can Samuel come in?” asked Jon, looking doubtfully at the door.
“He’s too big to get in here,” said Othan.
“He could crawl in. He’s used to being in tight places.”
Samuel was listening, and in a flash he stooped to squeeze through the rickety door. The small room was suddenly smaller.
Othan grimaced as if he had a sour stomach.
Samuel grinned. “This here aint too bad,” he said. “I been in smaller places.”
“Well, don’t stand up, you overgrown clod,” said Othan. “You’re too big to be in here.”
“I’ll jist sit on the floor, pappy,” said Samuel.
“I aint your pappy,” barked Othan. “Stay on the floor then. I aint got a chair big enough for you anyhow.”
“You are quite tall, Jon,” said Monte, nodding genially at him. “You sure didn’t get that from your grandpa.”
Jon grinned and looked at Othan, whose sour expression would have made a weed droop.
“I would guess you have the use of magic,” continued Monte, “though it’s not evident to see.”
Othan nodded. “More than that, he’s got. He’s way stronger in magic than me.”
“Can you channel Force-fire, Jon?” asked Monte.
“Sure he can,” said Othan. “You ought to see it, as I know you will sometime. And probably soon.”
“What’s going on, grandpa?” asked Jon.
“My plans have changed a bit, Laddie. I hope you’re not too set on spending the summer at my house.”
“What do you mean?”
Othan stroked his dirty beard and Jon noticed the index finger was missing on his right hand. “A couple of days ago, I heard from your father for the first time in sixteen years.”
“But you told me he was dead!” exclaimed Jon.
“I truly thought he was,” admitted Othan.
“Did he, by any chance, speak in your mind?”
“You heard from him too, didn’t you?” said Othan.
“Yes, he told me not to look into a passing rider’s eyes, and later that night he asked me to go to Bleumont.”
Othan smiled. “And that’s where we’re going tomorrow. I’ve no idea where he’s been hiding all this time, but we’ll find him since we can now communicate. I was hoping Monte could come with us, but unfortunate circumstances have complicated things for him.”
“My sister died recently and I can’t leave immediately,” explained Monte. “Othan says he can’t wait for me.”
“It’s okay,” said Othan. “Perhaps we’ll meet on the road.”
“Maybe it’ll take all summer?” said Samuel hopefully, more of a question than anything. “I’ll be comin’ along.”
“It will take all summer with you along,” said Othan, sending the giant a salty look. “You’d better go home.”
“He’s coming,” said Jon flatly, “and that’s the end of that.”
“We’ll be riding horses,” said Othan, giving Samuel a sidewise look.”
Samuel was crestfallen. “I was hoping we’d ride in a wagon.”
“Too risky,” said Othan. “Now that we know the Searcher is riding again, we’ll be going where the good roads don’t.”
“This grim rider passed us on the Pindra road,” said Jon. “He was almost as big as Samuel and rode a fast horse.”
“He smelled bad,” said Samuel. “You call him the Searcher?”
Othan nodded. “Whatever you call him, he’s worse than twelve miles of bad road. Did you get a good look at him?”
“Too good,” said Jon. “We locked gazes and I couldn’t look away.”
“Oh yes, he’s a mind freezer,” said Monte. “Consider yourself lucky you made it here at all.”
The conversation was interrupted when a thin faced man with a long, sharp nose entered the room and seated himself on the remaining chair.
“What’s going on here, Monte?” the newcomer asked.
Othan bristled. “You weren’t invited in here, Wysel!”
Wysel shrugged indifferently. “That makes no difference to me, you know that. I've invited myself. I want to know what’s going on.”
“Forget it, Othan,” said Monte. “He’ll find out all about it anyway.”
Wysel grinned. “Listen to him, Othan. He’s a friend of mine.”
Monte shook his head slowly. “I wouldn’t exactly say that, Wysel,” he said. “Your plans don’t always match mine.”
Wysel frowned. “I think our plans match perfectly. Who are these boys?”
“My grandson and his friend,” grunted Othan.
“I noticed you coming,” said Wysel, looking keenly at Jon. “You’re quite a pair, I must say.”
Jon didn’t remember seeing the hawk-faced man before, and he said so.
“I was cloaked, so to speak,” answered Wysel. “No matter what these two say about me, I stand with them against the witch in these troubling times, just as I have many times before.”
“What witch?” Jon wanted to know.
“The Queen Joanna,” said Monte. “She’s behind the trouble rising in the north. There have been a few incursions from Bleumont into the plains below the Blue Stone Mountains. Homes were attacked at night; mostly farms and a few small villages.”
“About the time you were born, say sixteen years ago, the Queen turned to evil ways,” said Othan. “There was a Flask of Thyme taken from her; a talisman of great import. She has been on the search for it ever since, though her search never brought her into the lower lands until now.”
“She’s getting impatient,” said Wysel. “She wants the flask, no doubt about it, and we think that’s what is behind this raiding that is going on.”
“Will Balogarten be alright?” Jon was alarmed. “Does Uncle Julian know about this?”
“I’m sure he knows by now,” said Othan. “News like that travels fast. Balogarten will be fine. There are lots more people that live there, and it seems the raiding parties from Bleumont have been pretty small so far.”
“I have a son stationed at the bridge of Aldergarde,” said Monte. “I worry about his safety.”
“As you should,” said Othan. “I’m sure the witch isn’t finished yet.”
“Tell us more about the grim rider you saw, Jon,” said Monte.
Jon recounted the events of the last two days, telling about the choked feeling he had when the rider’s eyes locked with his own. He told about Sam waking and breaking the paralyzing gaze, and the horse and rider speeding ahead, and he told of the night at the Jolly Traveler Inn and the subsequent flight to Sanbalem.
“Was he still at the inn when you left?” asked Monte.
“Shore, and he’s there now,” said Samuel. “We killed him daid.”
Monte shook his head. “You’re wrong, my young friend. The Searcher is a demon, and I don’t know anyone that could kill him. His power is ancient and unmatched by any wizard in the five Duchies.”
“I don’t believe that,” sniffed Wysel. “I have a few tricks that he doesn’t know about.”
“You’re a fool, Wysel,” said Othan in disdain. “You couldn’t stand up to him. His power would dwarf you.”
“He’s just a pawn of the Graolwitch,” Wysel sneered. “She’s the one to watch.” The hawk-faced wizard licked his lips nervously, and his eyes flitted from Monte to Othan. To Jon, it almost appeared that he was hiding a lie.
“See, he knows something and he won’t tell,” said Othan, his eyes bright. “If you’re going against us, Wysel, I swear I’ll”… He left the sentence unfinished.
“What is this flask she wants?” Jon wanted to know.
“It’s actually part of a talisman constructed by Samstiss, the former King of Caelhaden,” said Wysel. “He enchanted a spray of thyme and hid it in his flask for safe-keeping. He used it as a means to visit a parallel universe, exactly like our own but without people.”
“Why is that important?” asked Jon.
“If the witch holds the talisman and casts the spell, she can dispose of anyone she wants to and when she wants to,” said Othan. “And it would be easy for her.”
“You’d be the first she’d look for, Othan,” said Monte.
“He’s not kidding either, Lad,” said Othan. “Me and the Queen, we go way back.”
Jon’s mouth dropped. Somehow, he’d have never guessed Othan would know the Queen personally. The part where she hated him, well, that part made sense.
“You boys don’t know how lucky you are to be alive,” said Wysel. “That fiend on the horse could have killed you in a second, and you would have had no defense.”
“He’s strong with Force-fire,” said Monte. “You had no chance against him, yet somehow you disabled him before he could use his power against you.”
“I could feel it in him,” remarked Jon.
“Can you feel anything coming from this room?” Monte asked.
“Sure, from all of you,” said the boy. “There was a hawk in the tree outside that had the same thing.”
Wysel’s eyes shifted nervously from Monte to Othan. Both men frowned at him.
“Well, I’ll be off,” said Wysel, standing and stretching. “I love you-all but I have to go.” He grinned and winked at Jon.
“We have to be off, too,” said Othan, after Wysel was gone. “We need horses and I only have one for myself.”
“There are horses around here that no-one owns,” said Monte, “but they live free-range.”
“We’ll lasso a couple,” said Othan.
“I must hasten home,” said Monte. “My sister’s funeral is tomorrow. After that, I leave for Bleumont with my niece. I’ll probably get off before you, if that’s how you plan to get your horses.”



7: The Bridge over the Aphryl


In a narrow, secluded valley near the center of Brendor was a shipping port named Aldergarde. The city was situated across the Aphryl River from a large monastery, connected to the latter by a wide and busy bridge. Because of the rocky rapids on the southern side of the river, it was difficult to cross by boat or ferry, and that made the bridge important for defense.
The northern half of the river was deep enough for the large boats, and a good deal of commerce plied its waters daily. Boats came from Basheba, in the western foothills where the river was first navigable, to Andorlea on the Passal Sea. This made the harbor at Aldergarde a busy one. From its docks came the sustenance to feed the surrounding hamlets by wagon and cart.
Charles Romul was the captain of a small detachment of the Brendorian army, and his mission was to challenge unauthorized travel over the bridge. Up to now, no one had been turned away, but word of mouth held that the witch’s troops were coming. Every day, there were new reports of attacks on villages to the north, and Romul was impatiently awaiting promised reinforcements.
The Captain had secured permission from the monks of the monastery to use a section of the first floor of their fortified home as lodging for his rag tag collection of soldiers.
The fort had originally been built for the defense of the bridge, but in the peaceful times of late it was used as a monastery. It was built in the shape of a hollow square; its inner courtyard accessible from the outside only by means of a drawbridge over a manmade moat and a gated tunnel that led directly through the building. Entry into the monastery’s five upper levels could only be gained from inside the courtyard. There were no outward facing windows on the first level, and those on the higher levels sported heavy shutters.
Peeter Montbalm was fresh out of school and one of the soldiers stationed at Aldergarde. He had been drafted hurriedly to meet the sudden threat from Caelhaden. His training as a soldier had been short and inadequate, and the same could be said for his fellows.
Peeter was part of the night watch tonight, and it was getting on into the wee hours of the morning. He leaned on the bridge railing, staring into the dark river below. Though oil lamps burned along both sides of the bridge, they flickered fitfully and their feeble light barely reached the forbidding water.
Demorrio came to stand beside Peeter. He had been Peeter’s friend since they were small, and it was by request that they were both enlisted in the same detachment.
“I suppose there’ll be no time for bow-hunting this fall,” spoke Demorrio gloomily. “Things will be different for a while. I’ve been working on my shooting, too.”
Peeter shook his head. “I’d rather not think about it.”
“Yeah, I know. When this is all over…”
The boys fell silent. The lapping of the water against the pier pilings was making Peeter sleepy. Somewhere in the distance a bird called.
Peeter looked up suddenly, as it occurred to him how unusual it was to hear a bird at night. Demorrio, of the same mind, stared intently into the darkness.
“I think they’re coming,” whispered Demorrio. “That call was not natural.”
A shrill, warning cry came from the upper reaches of the monastery, and as if in answer, a volley of arrows flew from a wooded area. Someone fell from a high window, and the sound of shutters being slammed shut followed quickly.
Then the boys saw fighters burst into sight from the deep shadows. A fresh barrage of arrows was unleashed toward the bridge. One flew so close to Peeter's ear that he could feel a puff of air as it whistled past.
Peeter notched an arrow and sent it flying toward one of the fleeting shapes. He had a sick feeling in his stomach as he saw the soldier go down and knew he’d scored a hit. His strong sense of conscience made him pause a moment before shooting the next arrow.
It didn’t take him long though, after seeing a ferocious attack on a youth of the regiment, to resume his shooting. He notched another arrow and let it fly, and then another. He was a good enough archer that most of his arrows hit a target, and he numbly continued through the motions. Kill or be killed; he saw how it was. His shooting became fluid as he notched and shot, notched and shot, and in a few minute’s time, he’d dropped several of the approaching attackers.
By this time, the rest of Romul’s detachment was rushing from the monastery, shouldering their weapons as they came. Young and old alike waded into the fray. Most of these had never fought in live combat before, and the fear of the devil was in their hearts. It was like a bad dream, one that couldn’t be quit by waking.
The intruders were all in their prime, and that was a big advantage for them. The hand to hand fighting grew intense, and the motley assortment of defenders continued to fall. The speed of the battle was too much for the inexperienced fighters, and they perished quickly.
Peeter saw someone coming, sword raised high, and braced for an attack that never reached him. A comrade in arms battling nearby fell into Peeter and pushed him over the bridge railing. He fell fifteen feet into the dark water below.
The icy river took his breath away as he struggled to swim to the top. He let the current carry him under the bridge, and grabbed a support column, holding tightly as the water sloshed around him. The sound of the battle raged above him, and someone else fell from the bridge. There was no accompanying yell for the unfortunate fighter was already dead.
The battle didn’t last long, maybe fifteen minutes, and when the clamor ended, Jon heard heavy feet running over the bridge, a lot of them.
Peeter was shivering. He needed to get out of the cold water. He swam toward the bank, careful to stay under cover of the bridge until he could leave the water, still safely out of sight. He stayed low to the ground as he climbed to the grim battle scene. It turned out he didn’t have to be careful at all. Bodies littered the bridge and the river bank. Not a man moved, from either camp. Apparently the entire surviving enemy had already crossed the bridge. A nauseous feeling overtook Peeter as he crept among the fallen forms, looking for comrades still alive. He found none, though he searched all the way to the door of the monastery. He found Demario, and touched his friend’s lifeless face, knowing full well that if he hadn’t been thrown from the bridge, he also would be one of the dead.
His allies were gone, and the defense of the bridge had failed. He cried as deep sadness overcame him. It seemed like all that was good in the world had gone away. He had lost his knife and bow in the fall, but there were plenty of weapons lying about free for the picking.
There was another shout from the monastery, and he looked back to see more invaders on the way. No one was there to defend the bridge but him, and he knew better than to stand alone. Still grieving for his fallen mates, he dashed across the bridge toward the city.
The greater part of Aldergarde was to his left, and it was in lively turmoil. Several buildings were burning, and there was the clash of weapons and the sound of hoarse cries. It would soon be morning, but the reddish haze over the city looked more like fire and smoke than sunrise.
Peeter hurried past the beleaguered city, keeping to the shadowy edge of the road. As far as he could see, there was no pursuit coming from behind. His only thought was to leave the danger behind and to find a safe place to hide. He set a fast pace, covering mile after breathless mile, always keeping a wary eye behind him. Perhaps he could reach the safety of the next village.
The morning came slowly as he hurried on. Soon, he could make out fences and the dark forms of farm buildings. He was on the Pindra road, and a connecting road would lead him to Balogarten, the closest settlement. He would go there and warn its residents of the dangers that were sure to come.
A sound from behind caused Peeter to turn, and his heart dropped as he saw three horsemen pursuing him. With a tired groan, he pushed his exhausted legs into run. A dusty village showed just beyond the vale ahead but it was still a quarter mile away. He’d never get there in time.
In desperation, Peeter dove into the cover of a wood by the roadside. He pushed deep into the thick underbrush and ran. The ground became muddy, and he soon knew he had entered Briardell bog. Mud and muck were all around him.
He frantically cast about for a safe way through the swamp, hoping to hide his own tracks in the process. On hands and knees, he crawled through the densest thickets he could find, but he found no dry ground. In due course, he came upon some very soft sand that sunk under his weight, and he was barely able to back away and retrace his steps. To one side, he found a winding wildlife trail and followed it until he came safely into a grassy glade. Here, he paused by a huge tree to catch his breath.
There had been no sound of pursuit and he breathed easier, yet he knew it wouldn’t be easy to return to the road safely. He would take his time, for he could already hear noisy shouts from the direction of Balogarten, and he knew he was too late to warn the inhabitants of the danger.
He curled up at the base of a tree and closed his eyes. The sun was climbing high enough to shine its warmth into the clearing, and he soon began to doze.



8: Flight of Prey


Serah’s funeral day proved to be one of the longest days of Dorthea’s young life. It started early in the morning in the palace gardens with cutting flowers, and went from there to the church and the graveyard. By noon, guests were arriving at Enderlawn. Some of them came from far away and had spent the previous night in the area, though Dorthea thought none were from Caelhaden. She had hoped to see someone unknown to her; perhaps a friend from Serah’s secret past.
Late in the evening, Dorthea retreated to her room to get away from the endless chatter. She bathed slowly and settled into a comfortable chair with a book, hoping to read until she was sleepy. Despite the late hour, Monte came knocking on her door. He was smiling when she greeted him, and he had a gift-wrapped box in his hand.
“You look comfortable,” he remarked.
“I am,” she replied. “Please come in.”
“It was a long day and a good day,” he said. “You carried yourself very well with the relatives and all. Serah would have been proud of you.”
“Thank-you,” said Dorthea. “I was happy to see so many friends and acquaintances. Besides, I was able to forget that Serah is not my mother. I didn’t mention it to anyone, and never heard a whisper about it. I’m not sure anyone knows.”
“They don’t,” said Monte. “I haven’t told anyone. One day it will be out in the open, but not today. It would have made the day infinitely more difficult to hear the endless questions and comments about it. I fear it would have been a common topic.”
“Did you see anyone from Bleumont?” asked Dorthea.
“No one from Serah’s past was here,” said Monte with a smile. “I would have known.”
“When will you take me there?” asked Dorthea. “Even though I’ve known the truth for such a short time, I am anxious to find my blood relatives.”
“Yes, indeed, we can leave as soon as you like. I have finished with things required of me for now.”
“I would go tomorrow,” she said. “I can be ready.”
“Tomorrow it is, then,” said he. “We will leave after we have had breakfast and time to pack.
“By the way, I have something here that Serah has left to you. Open it.”
Eagerly, Dorthea tore off the wrapping. When she opened the box, she found an exquisite diamond necklace with matching earrings and broach. At first she was shocked. She could see the quality of the jewelry, and knew it must have cost a great price. She wasn’t aware that Serah had ever worn them.
“She never wore these,” said Monte, as if reading her mind. “I believe she associated some unfavorable memories with them.”
“They’re so beautiful,” Dorthea breathed. “Whatever will I do with them while I travel? I surely can’t wear them.”
“Oh no, you mustn’t wear them, but I believe we can find a place to pack them if you’re careful not to let anyone see what you have. No need to tempt the devil, so to speak.” He laughed.
“They are so beautiful; I just can’t get over them.” Dorthea’s face was radiant. “Can you tell me anything about how Serah came by them?”
“No, but the answer lies in Bleumont. I can tell you that.”

The following morning after breakfast, Dorthea finished her packing, and she had found a hidden pocket in one of Serah’s duffel bags to conceal the jewelry box. There was also a key to lock the lid, and after an anxious search for a place to hide it, she finally settled on sewing it fast inside her best blouse.
She was at the paddock shortly after, where she found Monte readying the horses for the journey north.
“You look tired, Uncle,” she said, combing Flyn’s forelock with her fingers. She had decided to continue calling Monte that favored name for old time’s sake, although it was no longer precisely true.
“I haven’t slept well,” Monte admitted. “I worry about the Searcher being in the area.”
“I won’t worry at all if I am with you.”
Monte shook his head. “The Searcher is way out of my league, Dorthea. We must travel light and use unfamiliar roads on our way to Bleumont. By the way, I see you’ve brought two bags with you. You can’t take both.”
“But I need it all,” Dorthea protested.
Monte laughed. “Let me see what you’ve packed.”
He opened the bags and smiled. “I think we can lighten your load considerably, Dorthea.” He removed a few books, two pairs of dress shoes and all of the dresses she had packed.
“You’ll have to get along with jeans, fewer changes of clothes, and the shoes you are wearing, which is your most durable pair. We’ll be on horseback, so your shoes should be adequate. The rest of the stuff we leave here.”
Dorthea reluctantly agreed, but only because she had no choice.
“When we get to Bleumont, I’ll buy you some nice replacements,” said Monte.
Dorthea brightened. “I’d like that,” she said.
“The best road crosses the Aphryl River at Aldergarde and it’s the most direct route to where we want to go,” said Monte. “Only a week ago, I would have taken it. It goes through the Plain of Sharon and traverses the Blue Stone Mountains through the Padre Pass. It’s a good road and well-used; wide and hard enough for a comfortable buggy pulled by a team of fast horses. The trip this way would take less than a week, unless the weather at the pass causes delay.”
“That sounds really good, “said Dorthea earnestly. “I expected it to take longer.”
“It will take longer,” said Monte, “because we’ll be going a different route. First of all, the raids seem to be following the high road from Caelhaden. It would be foolhardy to meet the enemy head on. Lastly and most important, we have to avoid the Searcher. We need to be discrete and use hidden roads or wildlife trails that would be difficult for him to find.”
With the excluded provisions returned to the palace via the stable boy, the two were soon riding through the city. Dorthea was on Flyn and enjoying the ride. The street was wide and the traffic was heavy, but soon they left the thoroughfare for a narrower road. In two hours’ time, they had left the city behind and found themselves on a twin-tracked dirt road.
“Sheer Butte pass is our best way over the mountains,” Monte commented. “I hope you’re up for the ride.”
“I can manage, Uncle,” said Dorthea. “How many days will it take?”
“Ten days or twelve,” he replied. “It depends on things like the weather and who we meet along the way.”
He winked at her and she laughed. “At least I’m used to riding, Uncle. I won’t slow you down.”
“You won’t at that,” he admitted. “You’re probably more accustomed to riding than I am.”
The roadway passed through some very hilly country and was barely traveled. The mountains were hidden from view by dense forest that grew on the hills to the east of them. An occasional farmhouse and trapper’s cabin appeared along the way, but soon their route was passing through uninhabited territory.
After a time, the trees thinned out and the gray mountains rose to the left, stark and cheerless against the pale blue sky. The subdued clip clop of the horses’ hooves was a comforting, though monotonous, rhythm, and along with the sound of the roadside crickets and the heady smell of sweet wildflowers in the air, Dorthea was soon tiring.
They rode for what must have been hours through the hills. Monte seemed resistant to fatigue, but Dorthea’s eyelids grew heavy. She gazed at the deep grass and cool shade by the roadside and imagined how nice it would feel to lie for a spell.
Impatiently, she shifted in the saddle and gripped the reins anew. She was lazy, that’s all. She must make a better effort than this. She would have to be strong, and she could be.
As the day wore on, Monte began to brood. He felt responsibility for the girl’s safety, and normally that wouldn’t be a problem, but somewhere a nightmare called the Searcher was riding. He wished he knew the location of the man.
He brushed his brow with a sweaty sleeve. A breeze would have certainly been welcome but there wasn’t the hint of one. A blanket of warm mist hung over the road like a brooding doom.
Woodsy patches came and went on both sides of the road as it wound past drop offs and around high rock faces. Before long they were in the forested hills again. Sometimes the trees grew so close to the path that the duo was forced to ride single file.
Monte kept an anxious eye about him. There were no bird sounds, and something was keeping them quiet. This desolate, winding road was littered with places that thieves could use to their advantage. Yet, his worst fear was the Searcher. He had no confidence that, once he’d noticed the beast’s Force-field, he and Dorthea could stay ahead and free of him. The Searcher’s horse was like the demon himself, stronger and faster than any other. He ventured a glance at his tiring niece. Perhaps Dorthea would notice an approaching Force-field before he could. He knew from past experience that she was highly sensitive to such things. It was a talent of hers.
His musings were interrupted by a cracking sound, as if something had stepped on a stick. He whirled toward the sound. There was nothing visible, but something was in the bushes.
“Are we lost, or what?” asked Dorthea.
“No, we’re not lost,” said Monte slowly. “I think I’d rather be someplace else, though.”
“What do you mean?”
Monte didn’t answer. He stared at one of the trees. Was that a raven sitting on a branch?
“Let’s go,” said Monte suddenly. Without another word, he kneed his horse and sped off, leaving the girl behind.
Panicked, Dorthea kicked her horse to follow. The sound they’d heard, whatever it was, was soon far down the back road. Maybe it had only been caused by a harmless deer, but in this case it was better to be safe and far away.
They came to a place in the road where a bridge spanned a small stream. Bulrushes grew thickly on both sides of the bridge, nearly concealing the water below.
Monte turned back to look at the dark woods through which they had just come. It was the same gloom ahead of them. Going forward wasn’t much more appealing than going back.
He stopped his horse and his bright eyes searched the grass along the road. Off to the side, he saw a trampled spot, and in it was the half-eaten carcass of a deer.
“I sense a Force-field, Uncle,” Dorthea said suddenly.
“Are you sure?” asked Monte. “I don’t feel it.”
“I’m sure I do, and it’s really close. Like, right there.” The girl pointed toward the left side of the bridge.
Suddenly a pheasant exploded from the bulrushes and barreled downstream, straight as a cannon ball. Monte’s horse reared, frightened by the sudden movement, and the wizard struggled to regain control of his mount. He felt himself slipping from the horse, and in the corner of his eye he saw a red-skinned man climbing onto the bridge.
Dorthea screamed at the sight of the little man. He was completely hairless, and his wrinkled skin made him look old. His fiercely grinning mouth showed long, wolf-like canines.
The blood walker flung himself at Dorthea’s horse, and raked his clawed fingers along the mount’s neck, grabbing for the reigns. The horse reared in panic, and Dorthea dropped straight to the ground. Without hesitation, the little man dove at her.
A flash of Force-fire from Monte struck the blood-walker at the last second and blasted him off the bridge. The bulrushes swayed as he splashed into the water and lay still.
The wizard limped to the girl and offered his hand. “Are you okay?” he asked.
“I think so,” she said, shaking a little. “What was that thing?”
“It was a blood walker,” he said. “One of them is responsible for Serah’s death.”
“He was, like, really sunburned,” said Dorthea.
“That wasn’t sunburn,” replied Monte. “Blood-walkers are born red skinned. His kind is not seen around here often. I suspect he came from Caelhaden.”
“Do you mean there are more like him?” asked Dorthea uneasily.
“Yes, there are more. Many more.”
Dorthea looked away from the dead creature with a shudder. “I hope this fellow was alone,” she said nervously.
“Do you still sense a Force-field?” Monte asked, as they remounted their horses.
“Just the residual field.”
“That’s a good sign. It was the blood-walker’s Force-field you were noticing before; weak but still there.”
“Good!” said Dorthea. “Then he must have been by himself.”
“Maybe so,” said Monte, clucking to his mount. “Still, we’re not safe at home, are we? Wysel says these little beasts are the Searcher’s cronies, and I sure hope to avoid his company today.
“You don’t think the Searcher is close, do you?”
“You’ll notice his Force-field a long way off because of your talent, girl. He’s miles away if you don’t sense him. Come now, let’s leave this place.”
The day was slowly fading, and in a few hours it would be sunset. The road angled north by west, over foothills and down again. Hulking mountains to the left threatened to block the sun for an early twilight. They paused briefly to eat a bite from their knapsacks. Dorthea was much more tired than hungry, but she knew their stops would be infrequent and she ate the food without relish. Energy was a commodity she was reluctant to forego.
“There are things of Serah’s that you will inherit,” said Monte in an attempt to lighten the gravity of their fears. “When we return, we will take care of things correctly.”
“And how soon shall we return, Uncle?” asked Dorthea.
“It may be the end of the summer before we’ll be back,” he admitted. “Still, I suspect everything will be awaiting our return.”
As they were finishing eating, Dorthea became aware of a Force-field approaching from the way they’d come. “There’s something coming, Uncle,” she warned. “Something is behind us.”
“Probably another one of the red devils,” said Monte. “Mendenhall is still several miles away, so we must hurry. I hope to spend a safe night there tonight.”
They slapped their horses to a gallop and held their pace for fifteen minutes before the horses began to tire. Even so, the Force-field was getting stronger. Something behind was coming faster than their horses could run.
“The Force-field is huge and growing fast!” Dorthea gasped. “It’s not a blood walker!”
Monte cursed. “I sense it now and it is close. Ride!” he yelled.
They rode low in the saddle as if they were riding in the derby. The horses were blowing hard, and in a short mile they had to slow the animals to a more reasonable pace.
“We’re going to have to hide the horses and run for it through the woods,” said Monte grimly. “If we stay on the road, we’ll never keep ahead of that demon horse.”
Dorthea choked. “What demon horse?”
Monte was chewing his mustache grimly as he turned toward her. “The Searcher is on our tail. Nothing else has a Force-field like this one and can move so fast. Get off your horse!”
They dismounted and dragged their horses off the road, where they tied them in a dense cluster of thickets. There was no evidence of a path through the rocky terrain that surrounded them. That could be a good thing, as it would be difficult for the Searcher’s horse to follow.
They made their way through the jumbled landscape as quickly as they could, feeling sure the Searcher’s horse wouldn’t be able to negotiate it. They found themselves in a ravine with a chalky cliff on one side and followed it to an arroyo that gave them a means to climb out of it. At the top of the bluff they hid behind a stand of sumac to regain their breath and watch their back trail.
A lizard was sunning on a flat rock that was still warm in the waning sun, and it was but a stone’s throw away from them, peacefully unconcerned as a red-tailed hawk circled above. The lizard lived in life-threatening situations every day, and Dorthea wondered how it could ignore them. The reptile was blissfully ignorant of all danger out of sight or hearing, but it may not live long because of it. She, on the other hand, was painfully aware that the Force-field was continuing to grow around them. She glanced at Monte, whose resigned expression told her he knew what was coming.
“He’s still on his horse,” spoke the wizard grimly. “He’s coming too fast to be on foot.”
Though they were still winded, the two left their hiding place and ran along the top of a low ridge for fifty yards before sliding down the other side. They were hidden from behind now, and made the most of their time, keeping to low ground and following the weaving terrain. Tall grass in the shallow vale waved slightly in the breeze, hiding treacherous, ankle twisting stones. A slip on one of these and their flight would be over. To make matters worse, daylight was dimming rapidly, and it was hard to see anything in the grass. They were both desperately winded when they came up against a high, steep cliff. Their hopes plummeted. The safety of Mendenhall was still beyond reach. They paused, hands on knees, to assess their options, and found them lacking. Either they could run laterally along the face of the rock, one direction or the other, or they must climb over it. They decided on the latter, simply because they could no longer run.
Monte hoisted Dorthea to a cleft in the escarpment face where she could gain a solid foothold, and had just reached to pull himself up when the girl slipped and fell back to the ground in a pall of dust. She was just too spent to support her weight gripping a jutting piece of sandstone.
In despair, Monte tried again, even though both of them knew by now that it was hopeless. There was no time to get away. The sound of pounding hooves was close. The wizard turned wearily, just as Drael burst into view and galloped toward them. Monte gently pushed Dorthea behind him.
The grim rider’s black hood was up, and in the failing light Monte could barely see the colorless eyes fixed on him, yet he felt the gaze easily. His skin crawled as the Searcher quietly probed his mind. With great effort, he averted his gaze.
The demon’s horse advanced a step, and the grim rider swung down. His ragged breathing sounded as if he were gasping for air, though his horse had done all the work, and the horse wasn’t breathing hard at all. The Searcher’s right arm was hanging limply at his side, betraying a recent injury. The disagreeable smell of wasting flesh drifted ahead of him, gagging his prey.
“Don’t look into his eyes,” whispered Monte.



9: Catching up


It took all day to corner and rope the two horses needed for Jon and Samuel to make the trip north. Free Range horses have a way of resisting capture, and the territory south of the city was mostly unfenced. There was also the problem with Samuel’s size. Just any horse wouldn’t be able to carry him on such a long trip, and his was the hardest one to find.
Even after the mounts were secured, Othan searched his unwilling neighbors for the tack to outfit the horses. To his consternation, he was forced to buy the tack they needed, and bitter were the words that rolled off his tongue as they rode away.
Samuel’s horse was a Belgian, accustomed to working in the fields, and the girth on the saddle procured for him wasn’t adequate to go around his belly. Othan had to stitch on a piece of leather to lengthen the girth strap. Because of all the delays it was too late to leave before dark, so they decided to get a good night’s sleep and leave at first light.
Othan sent word to Balogarten that Jon and Samuel would be gone for the better part of the summer. It wouldn’t do for the folks at home to worry, though Jon was sure that a message from Othan would make Uncle Julian worry all the more.
They left Othan’s hut at first light. The boys were less than happy at first. A long ride to the North Country and back would take weeks, and the hooded rider was still fresh on their minds. This trip seemed a lot like a bad idea.
It soon became evident that Samuel’s saddle was slipping to one side. Othan’s handy stitching on the girth strap was giving way, and the travelers had no recourse but to find a blacksmith to repair it with metal rivets, the way it should have been done in the first place.
After all the dillydallying was finally over, they made good time. Luckily the horses were fresh and lively, and Othan was obsessed with gaining time. “Monte’s probably half-way there by now,” he fumed. “I should have told him to wait for us!”
The morning was great; the weather was perfect and the mountain scenery beautiful. Even the sullen boys forgot their grievances after a time. There is nothing as pretty as scattered wildflowers along a mountain trail. It was too bad they were in such a hurry, for it would have been nice to stop along the way a few times.
By evening the company had covered a considerable distance through the foothills. They munched their supper as they rode to save time, and everyone was getting road weary when Othan finally raised his hand to halt. They had come to a bridge flanked by bulrushes.
A Force-field lingered in the area and both Jon and his grandpa noticed it. Othan sat contemplating for a moment, and then he drew his spindly legs from the stirrups and dropped to the ground. He strode to the water’s edge, and pointed to the dead blood-walker among the bulrushes.
“What’s that?” Samuel croaked, aghast.
“A blood-walker!” spat Othan. “One of the Searcher’s little helpers, though he doesn’t need any help. Still, I wonder who killed it.”
He slipped off the bridge into the water and waded to the little man to examine him from head to toe. An exclamation escaped his lips when he noticed a burn spot on the red creature’s hairless chest.
“There’s no indication of a wound from a weapon,” he said at last. “It looks to me like this fellow was killed by Force-fire, and that leads me to believe that Monte is somewhere ahead of us. It’s Monte’s Force-field we sense. The Searcher would not harm his precious blood-walkers.
Othan remounted and motioned to the boys to do the same. “We have to keep moving,” he said. “The sun will set behind the mountains within the hour and we have more territory to cover before night-fall. If we’re lucky, we’ll catch up with Monte, and we can travel together after all.”
But a short time later they overtook a powerful Force-field, and one that Jon knew was that of the Searcher. Othan pulled out a spy glass to search the road ahead, but could see nothing.
“Maybe we’d better stop for a while and let the Force-field disappear,” said Jon nervously. “If it truly is the Searcher, we should keep our distance.”
Othan was silent for a moment as he stroked his beard. “You could be right Lad,” he said eventually. “I don’t want to see that demon’s face any more than you do.”



10: Monte’s Battle


Monte wasn’t looking at the Searcher’s face but he imagined the bone white teeth exposed in a wide grin. “Why do you chase us?” he shouted angrily. “What have we done to deserve this harassment?”
There was no answer; in fact there wasn’t even a reaction by the druid, as he stood with his hand on Drael’s neck.
Monte and Dorthea were backed tight against the cliff face. Running was impossible. Now they faced their assailant in what seemed like a very bad dream.
“If you threaten us I will put you down!” Monte shouted. “I’ll burn your scorched skin darker than tar at midnight!”
Dorthea’s hand touched his and he stopped shouting. He must get hold of himself. Words would not affect this beast. Monte knew he was no match for the man he faced. Yet he was so very angry. It wasn’t only his life that hung on the edge of the boiling pot. He was responsible for the girl’s welfare, and he knew he couldn’t save her or himself from the Searcher, unless he could trick the man in some way.
Monte stared into the Searcher’s hateful eyes for a couple of heart-stopping seconds and then dropped his gaze, one of the hardest things he had ever done. The Searcher’s stare was so powerful, so compelling. What had the beast already gleaned from searching his mind? Why didn’t he react? What was his plan? The demon’s Power-field was staggering, far beyond that of his own. Dorthea must know the odds, for she was the best judge of Power-fields he knew.
Desperately Monte tried to formulate a plan that would give him the upper hand. He peeked at the Searcher’s horse. If he could disable the animal, he and Dorthea might have a chance to escape. But he rejected the idea almost as soon as it occurred to him. The Searcher would attack with Force-fire if he attempted anything, and he must be able to counter that attack. Maybe an opportunity would show itself if he could just buy time.
“Tell me what Joanna wants,” he said, calmer this time.
The druid stiffened and his eyes flashed.
Monte knew he had struck a raw nerve. He must tread carefully; he dared bate the Searcher only so far. “Why does the Queen want the flask of thyme?” he continued. “What would she do with it that she can’t do without it?” Again he could see a reaction to his words as the Searcher dropped his arm from Drael’s neck.
“If the Queen regains control of the flask again, she’ll no longer need you,” Monte pressed. “Will she go into her silent world and destroy you when you cannot defend yourself?” He felt a rising confidence. He had the Searcher there. Throw doubt into the beast’s mind about the witch; that was the proper course to take.
“I travel the silent world whenever I want, wizard,” came a guttural snarl. The demon’s voice was inhumanely low in pitch, certainly not a natural human voice. “I have knowledge of that empty world, of which you know nothing.”
Monte felt his new-found confidence erode quickly. He had forgotten the Searcher could go into the silent world with or without the flask. Wysel had alluded to the fact only once, and Monte had scarcely believed it then. Yet, if the spell of the flask was activated while the druid was in the real world, he would be stilled the same as anyone else.
“Why else could she want it but to use it?” Monte persisted. “If she gains control of that talisman, you have more to fear than anyone. You must help me destroy it, for it is a dangerous thing.”
The demon gave an angry shake of his head but glared mutely at Monte. Maybe he was trying to understand how anyone could question the value of the flask, or maybe he had never really thought about what his Queen would do with it. He had little memory of his life before his unfortunate transformation into a demon. With the passage of that event, his life’s purpose had evolved into one pursuit alone, and that was to find the flask for his queen.
“You know where the flask is!” the demon thundered suddenly. It was almost as if the pressure of his impatience had caused him to erupt. “Take me to it or I will destroy you and secure it without you.”
Monte drew a breath sharply. Was the beast bluffing, or had he already gleaned the information he sought from searching Monte’s mind?
The time of talking was over. The Searcher was over the edge in impatience. To take the demon to the flask was unthinkable, but to stand and fight him was suicide.
“I will take you to the flask on one condition,” Monte said. “You must promise to let Dorthea go on her way.”
There was silence again. Evidently that meant no. The beast seemed poised to do something as his hands had been rising covertly, and Monte had a good idea what it was.
A desperate plan had been forming in the wizard’s mind as he pondered his predicament. Time had run out for discourse as he knew it would, and he must be the first to act. He must take the Searcher by surprise and disable him before the monster had a chance to react.
“Alright, then,” Monte said resignedly. “If that is what…”
Even as he was speaking his hands were up, and with all the strength of his considerable power he channeled a ragged bolt of blue fire at the Searcher’s hidden face. He had many years of experience with the power, and he knew how to use it well.
But the beast reacted inconceivably fast. Before Monte’s blue Force-fire could reach him, he had unleashed a yellow bolt of his own, and the hood fell back from his ghastly head.
For the first time, Monte and Dorthea had a good look at his face. It was almost enough to make Monte lose his concentration, it was so gruesome. It looked like the demon had crawled through a raging fire; his face was so contorted and burned that it was hard to believe it belonged to a living being. The skin on his cheeks was blackened and deeply cracked, and he had absolutely no hair on his head, not even eyebrows. Indeed, he had no eyelids either. His nose seemed to be partially melted off his face, leaving only a small stub, and his exposed nostrils widened and narrowed with the rhythm of his breathing.
The opposing bolts of fire met with the sound of rolling thunder, and where they mingled there was a greenish blizzard of sparks. For a split second, Monte’s flame held the Searcher at bay, and then the beast’s yellow thrust started to push Monte’s blue one backwards. The contact point of the opposing forces rapidly closed in on Monte. As the dreaded yellow thrust came closer, Monte tried desperately to redirect his aim, first at the chest and then at the head of the Searcher. There had to be a way to channel his power to reach the beast, but he couldn’t find it, and now the yellow fire was near his hands. Monte’s gamble for surprise advantage had failed, and he had no more power to give. The beast was so terribly strong.
A scorching heat burned Monte’s hands, and the power in that yellow fire was beyond his worst nightmare. He had known the Searcher would be dreadfully strong, but this was far more than even he had expected. No power on Terra could stop this force, he thought in despair.
All too soon the fire of the beast was inside the reach of his hands. Unimaginable pain and hatred scorched his mind as the Force-fire whipped wildly around him. With the agony came the vision of a beautiful woman’s face. It was Joanna’s face. Monte had seen the Queen only once, and that when she was a young woman, but he would never forget her beauty.



11: The Round Stone


Othan and the boys had been taking it easy, hoping the Searcher’s Force-field would disappear ahead of them, when Othan turned in the saddle, his face pale. “I just heard from the mind-speaker and it’s not good news. Monte and his niece are in danger.”
“From what?” asked Jon.
“The Searcher has them at bay,” said the old man.
“How would he know that?” asked Jon. “Does Monte mind-speak?”
Othan shook his head. “Monte doesn’t mind-speak. Gabriel just has a way to see things that no-one else can. We have to try to help them.”
“Help them do what?” Samuel asked. “There aint nothing I can do for them.”
“But maybe I can,” said Othan.
The sun was setting when they came to the place where Monte and Dorthea had dismounted earlier. Othan’s horse nickered, and answering whinnies came from just off the road in a copse of oak trees.
The trio dismounted and led their mounts to the tethered horses. Othan pointed to one of them. “This horse is Monte’s,” he said.
“Then the mind-speaker was right,” said Jon.
Othan looked at Jon like he was silly. “Of course he was right,” he said irritably. “He’s always right.”
“Where is the Searcher’s horse?” asked Samuel.
“There are hoof-prints leading away,” said Othan. “It looks like the Searcher is still mounted. Let’s follow the tracks.”
“I’ll watch the horses,” said Samuel. “You all go right on ahead.”
Othan started off without comment and Jon followed. It didn’t take Samuel long to feel alone, and he decided the horses would be fine without him.
They heard the thunder of channeling before they topped a low rise and burst on the terrifying scene. Below the rise and amid the tall, prairie grass stood the Searcher, yellow flames erupting from his outstretched hands. Monte was backed up against a high bluff face, swathed in a greenish glow and quaking like an aspen in a storm. A teen-aged girl stood apart from him.
“I can do nothing to help him!” groaned Othan.
“That freak looks worse than he did afore,” said Samuel. “What was the reason we followed him here?”
Jon watched the blazing energy coming from the Searcher’s out-stretched hands with sober interest. The thunderous crash of opposing arcs made him cover his ears with his hands, and he watched the Searcher’s face in fascination. What could stop a demon like that?
He saw the girl suddenly reach down to pick up a clump of sand. She drew back to throw it but it crumbled in her hand. The act gave an idea to Jon. There were good throwing stones all around him on the hill, and the beast was close enough to be vulnerable if he could just throw accurately. Almost without thinking, he grabbed a rounded stone and hurled it at the Searcher with all his strength. The missile struck the demon on the side of the head and dropped him instantly. Drael screamed in pain and reared on his hind legs, falling backwards as if the stone had struck him instead.
Jon stared incredulously at the effect. He had stopped the unstoppable attack with a stone. How easy was that?
Othan slipped down the rise and hurried to Monte’s side, pushing Dorthea aside. The stricken wizard’s eyes were closed, and his breathing was raspy and shallow, eerily sounding like that of the demon himself.
“Help us!” Othan shouted furiously at the boys who were frozen in one spot. “Do you expect the beast to lie there forever?”
The boys came to their senses and hurried to help Othan, but it was Samuel who gathered the injured wizard into his huge arms and carried him away. Dorthea stumbled beside the young giant, barely able to reach her uncle but keeping a desperate grip on his shirt. Samuel needed a steady push from behind to gain the top of the hill, and then it was to the horses as fast as they could run. Samuel pushed the wizard onto his horse, grabbed the reins, and led the steed to the road. The others mounted and followed, with Jon bringing up the rear and leading Samuel’s horse.
“Othan,” Monte called weakly.
The skinny man could hardly hear him and moved closer. “Did you say something, Monte?”
“Mendenhall is only a few miles up the road,” Monte wheezed. “Just get me there if you can.”
“Don’t worry,” said Othan. “I know where it is.”
The comrades moved up the road quickly with the stricken wizard clinging desperately to his horse. The sound of the horses’ hooves was loud on the hard-packed dirt. How far would the sound travel on a windless evening? If the Searcher had regained consciousness, he probably could hear them.
They came around a bend in the road, and saw a large castle ahead. It was situated on a huge rock that rose high above the icy waters of the Little Salmon River, the current of which was swollen with recently melted snow from the mountainside. Mendenhall was built of a beautiful reddish stone that reflected a vibrant orange from the rays of the setting sun, and a central, circular tower rose high to look out over the gorge created by the river. Its towers and battlements were rooted deep in the bedrock itself. It was only a matter of minutes now.
But the night wasn’t over, for the Searcher’s Force-field was rising again, and all but Samuel could feel it coming.
“The Searcher is following us!” groaned Dorthea, “and he’s getting close. We’ll never reach that castle in time.”
“You have to leave me,” Monte said weakly. “I will make my own way to Mendenhall.”
“No!” cried Dorthea. “I’m staying with you.”
“I can’t protect you,” said Monte impatiently. “Go with Othan. He’s going where you need to go, and he will keep you safe.”
“He’ll find you by your Force-field, Monte,” said Othan, shaking his head.
“Not if you draw him away. You and Jon together can drown out my presence.”
Othan nodded. He knew Monte couldn’t stay on a galloping horse.
“I will ride as fast as I can,” said Monte. “The Searcher will follow you if you lead him away from me. Now leave me, and keep my niece safe. And Othan, be kind to her. I know you too well.”
Othan grimaced sourly, but he signaled Samuel to mount his horse. He’d never had much time for women, and this was a bad time to start.
“One last thing, Dorthea,” called Monte, “Beware the Queen!”
“I will,” said the girl, but Monte had already faded into the foliage. She tossed a regretful glance his way and turned to follow the others.
“Hurry now!” cried Othan. “The demon’s close. Get up your Force-field, Jon, and let him know where we are.”
Jon was a concealer, and he could change his Force-field to any intensity, including full on or total absence. He allowed it to swell now. His Force-field would only be separated from Monte’s or Othan’s by strength, and distance had a way of making them all indistinguishable.
There was a sudden gasp and Jon looked back. Dorthea was dragging Flyn to a stop and staring at him.
“What did you do?” she cried.
“What’s the matter?” asked Othan as he wheeled his horse around.
“He has a huge Force-field,” Dorthea cried, pointing at Jon.
Othan frowned. “Of course he does.”
“I don’t like it,” said Dorthea. “Tell him to turn it off.”
“Tell him…?” Othan snorted in contempt. “Of all the ridiculous things, that’s the best one. Are you just going to stay here like a stubborn mule? There’s another Force-field not too far back and maybe you’ll like that one better.”
Dorthea hesitated. What a mean old man, she thought, but deep down she knew he was right. She could feel the Searcher’s Force-field gathering. “I’m coming!” she cried.
The company rode like the devil was after them, and in truth it seemed he was.



12: The Lone Pine Pass


Monte’s next few hours were painful. The poison driven into him was more potent than any he’d known, and it wasn’t surprising. The Searcher was given over to evil and his power was incomprehensible, making his venom very powerful.
Somehow Monte had coaxed his horse to Mendenhall, the palace of his old friend Dal Abner, who was a Baron of considerable influence. Along with the palace, the baron had considerable land holdings, and a small town of the vassals who farmed those lands nestled in the river valley below the palace.
As soon as Monte was brought into a bedroom and made comfortable, Dal Abner sent for the medic from the village. The poor man had no training for such injuries as Monte’s, and he prescribed rest for a week, thinking it would help more than any medicine or treatment he had to offer.
Ultimately, the wizard was able to restore his own health with his inherent birth-gift of magic. He removed the poison from the inside out because it lay shallow in him, barely beneath his skin. Monte owed his life to Othan’s grandson and he knew it. If it hadn’t been for the boy’s quick action, he would have perished at the demon’s hand.
Within twelve hours, the wizard was feeling well enough to return to Enderlawn in Dal Abner’s chaise. On the way, he mulled over the complications that had arisen since last night; one in particular was that the Searcher may now know where he had hidden the flask. Very few knew that it was he that had secreted it away, and even Othan didn’t know where it was.
And there was another problem, this one caused by his lack of mental acuity after the beating he had taken. He had made a monumental mistake when he had sent Dorthea with Othan. The girl wasn’t of his bloodline, and she knew that now, but what she didn’t know was that she could do something no-one else could do, including him, and that was to destroy the Flask of Thyme. He should have taken Dorthea with him to demolish it.
Monte didn’t have the ability to mind-speak like Othan, and was stuck with his decision. Now, he must recover the flask and take it to Bleumont where Dorthea was going. He knew the dangers of carrying the talisman so far without being intercepted were daunting, and the consequences of being caught…well, he wouldn’t think about that.
After thanking the driver for taking him home, Monte went to work immediately, packing and getting ready to leave. He set the stable boy to checking his horse’s shoes, for the ride to Denton City required passage through the Lone Pine Pass and that meant rough and rocky riding. He was waiting by the barn when he saw a redheaded lad turn into the lane. The new comer was well armed but ragged and tired. Despite the boy’s appearance, Monte knew his son at once.
“Over here, Peeter!” he called.
“Hello, father,” said Peeter, riding over. “Glad to find you at home.”
“You look like you ran through a briar patch,” said Monte, smiling.
The youngster ran his hand through a shock of bristly hair. “I did just that,” he said, “and a swamp, too. I haven’t had an easy time of it recently.”
“There’s an ill wind blowing all four corners these days,” commented Monte. “Did Romul hold the bridge?”
Peeter shook his head. “We lost the bridge, and the enemy got through. I think I’m the only survivor of my platoon. I didn’t know what else to do but to come home.”
The hostler finished his task and Monte threw his saddle bags on the mount. “How did you escape?”
“I fell off the bridge,” said Peeter sheepishly. “Otherwise, I’d have died with all the rest.”
“That was fortunate.”
“Where are you going?” asked Peeter.
“I have something important that needs tending in Denton City,” said Monte vaguely. “How would you like to ride along?”
“I’d like that,” beamed Peeter. “I’d be glad to have something to do.”
“Have the housekeeper find you a backpack and fill it. Oh, and Peeter,” he added as Peeter turned to leave, “Get yourself some warm clothes. We’re crossing the mountains.”
With that, Monte found a mare for Peeter to ride, and had the hostler examine that one too. By the time Peeter returned, everything was done.
In the course of an hour they were off. They headed south for Lone Pine Pass, less traveled than the Sheer Butte Pass to the north, but leaving them with better odds to avoid the Searcher.
Peeter was curious about the Searcher, and the wizard briefly described the druid and his gift of Force-fire. He declined mentioning last night, though. In a way, he was humbled by the punishment he’d taken, and the less Peeter knew about that, the better.
The morning was cool. Monte shivered and pinched his jacket collar tighter around his neck. The ride was easy at first, and the horses were fresh. Their course took them through stands of western hemlock and Douglas fir, thick with bristly foliage. Light shimmered through the waving boughs and the sound of the breeze was soothing.
The sun rose higher and they made good time, keeping up a lively conversation as they went. They were well into the foothills when Monte dismounted and squatted to examine something. He straightened and soberly regarded the pass ahead.
“My, oh my,” he said. “I think these moccasin tracks belong to my old friend Wysel. I have a bad feeling about this.”
“An old friend?” questioned Peeter. “I’ve never heard you call Wysel that before.”
“I was being facetious. I wonder what he is up to.”
“How can you tell it is his trail?” asked Peeter.
“That’s a good question,” said Monte. “Let’s just say I have a wizard’s sixth sense. There is still a residue of power on his trail, so he can’t have passed here more than a few hours ago. We must keep our eyes open for his sign.”
Peeter was silent for a bit. He hadn’t inherited any of the magic from his father, and he couldn’t sense Force-fields. It wasn’t as if he felt cheated, either. He was glad to have no part of the magic, for it always seemed to lead his father into trouble.
“Will you know when we get close to him?” Peeter wanted to know.
“I will, but he will also sense me, so I have to be very careful.”
The day advanced as they pressed deeper into the mountains. The trail followed along the course of the beautiful Salmon River. Giant vertical slabs of granite pushed high above the tumbling channel, giving the appearance they were teetering to fall. The smell of the pines and the beautiful scenery had a bracing effect on the travelers.
The moccasin trail Monte followed continued intermittently, disappearing on hard ground to resurface on the looser soil. Before the light of day failed, however, the tracks ended altogether, and so did the residue of power. Monte was familiar with his former comrade’s shape changing ability and was convinced that Wysel had continued up the pass.
They stopped for supper and built a small fire to stew a rabbit that Peeter had shot with his bow. Monte boiled water for coffee and the two supped silently, acutely aware that danger could be just out of sight. When the meal was over, they rinsed their tin plates in a nearby stream and scattered the ashes of the fire, making sure every ember was extinguished.
“What are we going to do if we meet up with the Searcher?” asked Peeter as they rode.
Monte grunted. “I’m going to avoid that beast with every resource I have. I’ve had more than enough of him. I learned recently from a young friend that a simple rock can be used effectively against Force-fire. Now I keep several stones in my trouser pockets.”
“I’ll keep my eyes open for some,” said Peeter.
They rode until it was too dark to safely stay on the trail, and they located a sheltered cove to make night camp behind the cover of three huge rocks. Bed was a flattened area freed of pine needles beneath the canopy of the trees, and their bedrolls barely kept the coldness of the mountain air from chilling their bones.
Peeter was awakened in the middle of the night by a tapping on his shoulder. He sat bolt upright, bewildered, for he had been in deep sleep. He could just make out Monte’s grim face in the dim starlight, and he immediately knew something was wrong.
Monte had a finger to his lips. “The witch’s army is not a half a mile from here, just ahead in the pass,” he whispered. “There are thousands of soldiers if there are twenty.”
“How did they get this far into Brendor?” asked Peeter. “No way did they all cross the bridge at Aldergarde!”
“They probably came south through the Wisteron plains. There are a few roving watchmen we’ll have to watch out for, and I’ve already located most of them.
“Do you mean we’re walking into their camp?”
“We need information, Peeter, and I think we can find it there. Wysel is at the camp or I’m really mistaken. Pack your horse. We may need to leave on the run.”
They repositioned the horses by the trail and headed up the pass on foot. Monte wasn’t kidding when he said the camp was close. A few short minutes of walking brought them around a bend in the river and in sight of the camp, extending upward into the pass. Ruddy campfires filled the cut as far as they could see. They could dimly make out the shapes of tents, with watchmen moving among them.
“Take hold of my hand, Peeter,” said Monte. “I’m going to do something I haven’t done in a long time.”
Peeter did as Monte asked, and he heard an unintelligible muttering he couldn’t understand. An odd sensation moved along his arm and suddenly he was alone, though he could feel Monte’s hand still. Peeter looked down, and was astounded that he couldn’t see his own feet.
“We can’t be seen but we can be touched,” warned Monte. “Keep hold my hand like your life depends on it.”
They began the ascent toward the encampment and Peeter was bothered by the fact that he couldn’t see his feet. It was like hovering over the ground from six feet up. Despite the handicap, they did make progress, and a cluster of abnormally large tents came into view. Monte knew where he wanted to go and had set the course. A huge tent with side extensions stood in the middle of the group.
Monte wordlessly pointed Peeter's hand toward it and they made their way past sleeping soldiers and dying campfires. Several wagons ringed these tents, and horses were tethered to the wagon wheels.
Monte put his ear to the side of the largest tent and listened to the muffled conversation going on inside. “Wysel is in there!” he muttered. “I can sense his Force-field.”
“I suppose he can sense you then too,” Peeter whispered back.
“If he’s alert, he can. Let’s hope he’s preoccupied.”
Monte took a small knife from his pocket and carefully cut two small peepholes, one for each of them. “Watch and learn,” he whispered.
The tent was supported by four large posts that were lashed together at the top by hemp ropes. The skin covering was pulled away from the poles at the bottom and staked a few feet farther out to create more room inside. There was a wide board on barrels that served as a table, and a lamp burned on each end. A wolf lay on the ground, apparently sleeping.
Monte nudged Peeter. “The wolf is Wysel,” he whispered.



13: Tent Meeting


A giant of a man, with head and face nearly covered with frizzy hair, stood at one end of the table, talking and waving his massive arms while a blond haired companion sat, obviously indifferent, at the table. The wolf lay with head on paws, watching the speaker through up-turned eyes.
“I say the three of us go to Othan’s hut and grab the old mossback,” the giant was saying. “We can move quickly if we go alone. Leave the army here until we get back.”
The wolf stood and stretched, then ambled to the table. “You don’t use your shaggy head, Hros,” said he. His voice was a mix of a growl and a bark, but the words spoken were easily understood. “We don’t need Othan. We need the flask.”
“I’m thinking mighty fine, weasel,” snapped the big man angrily. “Lose your superior attitude.”
Wysel made an effort to control a flash of anger. “We should look for Danil first,” he said through gritted teeth. “He will have the flask soon if he doesn’t already. All we need to do is take it away from him.”
There was a confused look on Hros’s face as his slow brain tried to assimilate the thought. “What do you mean by that?” he asked. “The Searcher is one of us.”
“Danil will surely kill us if we anger him,” said the blond man, breaking out of his musing. Ophemus was a man of about fifty years, but still strong and lean, and leader of the army in the pass. “He’ll never give up the flask without a fight.”
“He’ll give it up, alright, if we kill him first,” said the wolf, his angry eyes still fastened on Hros. “He can’t stand against the whole Caelhadean army.”
“Let’s grab Monte then,” said Hros, changing his proposal but still stubbornly pushing to have his own way. “He knows where the talisman is for sure.”
“You’re right about that,” said Ophemus. “I’d rather find the flask before Danil gets it. You can’t overcome that demon with the whole army. How would you even design such a fight? He would kill hundreds and slip away. He has a power that you and I can’t understand.”
“An officer of the royal army should be more confident,” said the wolf in disdain. “Are you afraid of the Searcher, Ophemus?”
The officer glared at the wolf. It was obvious these three were at odds a lot. “I have no problem with being afraid, wizard. Sometimes fear is a good thing. Fear leads to caution, and I am a cautious man. You can find Danil by yourself, Wysel.”
“Good!” crowed Hros triumphantly. “I knew you’d see it my way.”
Ophemus glanced at a map spread on the table. “If we get Monte and Othan, we will have control of our two most powerful enemies, and that would be a real coup.”
“There is another,” said Wysel, still miffed. “Othan’s grandson is a concealer, and he may just be the most powerful of the lot. It’s hard to say what he has when he can hide it.”
Ophemus frowned. “Why haven’t I heard of him?”
“Because Antone doesn’t know about him, that’s why. He’s the real deal, and you’ll hear about him plenty,” said Wysel. “I just met him yesterday.”
“Where’s he been all this time?” asked the Captain.
“He’s been invisible and unimportant, until now. Did you know about the little enchantment I conjured last week?” asked Wysel with a sly smile.
“I heard something about a new spell,” said Ophemus. “Were you involved in that?”
“I was, and it is what got this offensive started. It opened a new pair of eyes for us and allowed us to find this boy. Unfortunately, it also gave a voice to the other side. I think we’ll be okay, though.”
“What are these eyes you talk about?” said Hros, a sour look on his face. He just didn’t like Wysel much.
“It’s nothing,” Wysel waved his hand carelessly. “It gave a man a head voice and made him a mind-speaker.” He looked at his two collaborators uncertainly. “Forget I said anything about it.”
I don’t trust you,” sneered Hros. “Anything you suggest I spit upon. Ptui!”
Through the peephole, Monte could see the wolf tense, and he knew what it meant. Wysel was dangerous when he didn’t get his way, and big Hros was foolish to goad the wizard.
A false smile exposed the wolf’s sharp, yellow teeth. “The flask is in Denton City where it was hidden sixteen years ago. That’s where we’ll find Othan, Monte, the Searcher, and anyone else you could possibly want. Besides,” he went on confidently, “that’s where you’ll find Ceryyl Sebra, Ophemus.”
The big blond frowned. “I know where Ceryyl lives, but what makes you think the flask is there?”
“Monte never goes there, and I’ve been tracking him for years. It’s the only place he never goes.”
“What does that prove?” asked Ophemus.
“You know that Ceryyl has built defenses around Denton City,” went on the wolf. “He’s built the thickest walls and the worst traps known to man. Walls are on the east, north, and west sides of the city. The south is bordered by the lake and a lesser wall. I’ll ask you two questions, Ophemus: why do you think they’ve built all these unusual defenses, and where better could Monte hide the flask than in a fortified city?”
Ophemus hesitated. “Maybe you’re right at that, old man," he admitted.
“We can follow the Bryl River to the Indril Lake, and take cover in the woods surrounding it,” said Wysel smoothly, as if he knew things would eventually work out his way. “We should be at Waters End sometime late tomorrow, but we must take horses and ride ahead of the army. We’ll secure a ship there, and put up at Denton City’s harbor during the night. All I need to do to sense Danil’s Force-field is to get inside the city. The army will park at the eastern gates and await our signal.”
“If Danil already has the flask, you will be the one to take it from him,” said Ophemus.
“Now you’re talking,” murmured the wolf. He lay down with a smug, self-satisfied look on his face and closed his eyes.
Monte pulled Peeter away from the tent. “Ceryyl must be warned of this,” whispered Monte as they hurried away. “We need to get to Denton City, and the way lies westward through this pass. We will have ride through the camp.”
“Do you think the wolf sensed your presence?” asked Peeter.
“He gave no indication of it,” said Monte.
Minutes later, they found the horses tethered where they’d left them.
“Won’t the horses be visible?” asked Peeter, as they mounted and set off for the camp.
“No, they'll be invisible the same as us,” said Monte. “Keep a tight grip on my hand, though.”
The encampment filled the entire pass and there was no way to go around it. Monte was especially careful to avoid other horses as the animals tend to nicker to their own kind. The camp was already stirring. Despite their efforts to be quiet, anyone listening would have heard the stealthy clip of the horse’s hooves as they passed by. Peeter was thankful the steeds didn’t seem to be bothered by the fact that they couldn’t see their feet.
Just when they thought they were going to get through without being seen they heard a harsh laugh behind them. Monte whirled about, and Peeter was nearly jerked from his seat by the sudden move. The wolf had come up behind them. It was Wysel, the renegade wizard, and he had sensed Monte after all.
“You traitor, Wysel,” Monte grated. “You’d sell out your own mother for a copper. You’re lower than a snake in a rut.”
Wysel grinned from ear to ear, literally, because he had the mouth of a wolf. “Now, Monte, be nice,” he said, in his wolf’s voice. “You know that I have your fate in my hands. You're in the middle of the Caelhadean army, and a ruckus will bring everyone upon you in a flash. I’d think you would be friendly to me.”
“We’re invisible,” said Peeter. “They’ll think you’ve lost your mind.”
“Oh, I won’t have any problem making you visible, boy. The spell Monte's using is easily broken by someone who knows how to do it. And I know how, don’t I, Monte?” Wysel was enjoying himself. The wolf knew exactly where they were, though they were surely invisible to him.
Peeter couldn’t see his father but he could feel the seething anger in his tightened fist.
“Why did you do it, Wysel?” There was an obvious effort in Monte’s voice to keep control. “Why did you forsake us for the witch?”
“No one ever took me seriously,” snarled Wysel. “You always had your better idea, and Othan treated me like dirt. I'm tired of it all.”
“But look who you’ve sided with, you fool! The Graolwitch and the Searcher are treacherous. They’ll never give you a chance at success.”
“Don’t call me a fool,” grated the wolf. “You’ll see who’s a fool in a few weeks. There’s a position for me with the Queen, make no mistake. All I need is the flask. I know you hid it, and if you take me to the flask, you won’t be the fool. We will be compatriots, you and I.”
Monte didn’t answer. There was residual trauma left from the wound the Searcher had dealt him, and he fought hard through the hurt to keep his composure.
“The Searcher is dispensable when the flask is found, and we can take his place,” said Wysel smoothly. “Doesn’t that make sense to you?”
“You know me pretty well, Wysel,” said Monte. “Do you really think I will turn the way you did?”
The wolf stood for a minute, seeming to be in deep thought. There was a grim look in his yellow eyes. “No, I suppose not.” He stood on his hind legs, and slowly the figure of the wizard in his human form morphed before them. He made a quick gesture in the air with his hand.
Peeter could suddenly see his father again. The invisibility spell was gone.
“You’ve convinced me that you will never willingly help me,” said Wysel in a bitter voice. “It’s too bad for you.” He put his fingers to his lips and blew a piercing whistle.
Monte knew he was still too weak to trade Force-fire with Wysel. His hand was in his trouser pocket, and he withdrew a stone from it. Without warning, he threw it at Wysel, scoring a glancing blow to the face. It hit solidly enough to knock the renegade wizard to his knees.
“Ride!” shouted Monte.
Peeter didn’t need to be told twice. He dropped low in the saddle and kicked the flanks of his horse. The steed launched with such energy that Peeter had to grab its mane and hold on for dear life.



14: The Gypsies


The comrades rode swiftly into the night, leaving Monte to his own resources and hoping against hope that the Searcher wouldn’t find him. There was no sound of pursuit, and no trace of a Force-field other than those they carried with them. If the Searcher wasn’t following them, was he still chasing Monte?
“Don’t worry about Monte, lad. He’s safe now.”
“What?” Jon uttered the word aloud.
“I didn’t say anything,” Othan said.
“I know,” said Jon. “It was the voice again.”
“What did it say this time?”
“It said Monte is okay and not to worry about him.”
“Good to know,” said Othan with satisfaction.
“You believe him?” asked Jon.
“Of course I do. What’d he say about the Searcher being on our trail?”
“Nothing.”
“Then we’ll assume he’s still coming.”
“Do you really think the mind-speaker is my father, pappy?” asked Jon.
“I know it is,” said Othan. “Do you think I don’t know my own son?”
“Your father is what, Jon?” asked Dorthea.
“A mind-speaker,” said Jon, “and don’t ask me to explain it. I don’t understand it at all.”
After an hour of riding, it was obvious the Searcher wasn’t coming, and they slowed their pace to save the horses. Around midnight, they rode into Tarrytown, a tiny hamlet of few buildings. They looked for a place to put up for the night and it was easy to find the inn, a dilapidated shack in the center of town. A sign on the door read that the inn was fully occupied.
“Let’s keep going,” said Othan.
“No!” said Samuel. “I’m tired and we’re stopping here. They must have room somewhere.”
“Go on in, then,” said Othan, hiding a smile. “I’ll hold the horses and be waiting.”
Samuel opened the door and stalked in with Jon and Dorthea close behind. A lone candle flickered on the bar. Someone was lying on a row of chairs, snoring loudly. Samuel snatched the red kerchief off the sleeper’s face and interrupted a snore in mid-whistle.
The fat man beneath it awoke with a start, and his eyes didn’t focus at first. When he saw the huge youngster standing over him, he nearly fell from his makeshift bed. He was frantically searching for a stick he kept under the chairs when Samuel grabbed his shoulders and shook him.
“We need a place to stay, man!” Samuel shouted.
The innkeeper was frightened nearly out of his wits and began blubbering nonsensically. His eyes flitted from Samuel to Jon, and then to Dorthea, and when he saw the girl he seemed to realize that maybe these weren’t hoodlums that had dropped in to rob him after all.
“Can’t you read the sign on the door?” he demanded, straining to get away from Samuel. “I’ve got no room!”
“We’re staying,” said Samuel decisively, pushing the innkeeper down hard. “Find us a place or I’m sleeping right here aside of you.”
The innkeeper considered for a minute. The idea of having to sleep in the same room with this large stranger wasn’t all that appealing. “Well, you sleep here and I’ll find another place,” he grumped. “I’ll get you some blankets.” He hastily left the room, muttering under his breath, but before long he was back with the promised bedding. “Here you go,” he said, and dropped the blankets on a chair. “Now don’t come bothering me anymore.”
The three teens spent the night on the wooden floor and awoke early, stiff and sore. Othan hadn’t come in all night, and when they stepped outside, they found him snoring softly on the walk.
Jon nudged the old man awake, and Othan bounced to his feet as if he’d been alert for an hour. “Let’s get back on the horses,” he said.
“But it’s still dark out,” Dorthea protested.
“Missy,” said Othan, “I told your uncle I’d see you to Bleumont safely, but you do what I say without complaining or the deal is off.”
Dorthea smiled at him, a kind of ‘off-smile’ that Othan couldn’t read. “I’m not complaining,” she said sweetly. “I like Missy; it’s definitely better than stubborn mule.” Then she grabbed the skinny man’s beard. “Don’t you ever call me a stubborn mule again,” she said. She was almost as tall as Othan when she pulled his beard down, and she was dead serious. “I’ll ride with you, but don’t think for a second I’ll mindlessly do everything you say!”
Othan hit her hand away. “And don’t you ever grab my beard again,” he squawked shrilly. “I’ll leave you behind, just see if I don’t.”
The two faced off for a tense moment, with Samuel and Jon wondering what would happen next. Then Othan turned and grabbed the reins of his tethered horse. “Get on your rides,” he said angrily, and nimbly launched himself onto his horse. “It’s a far piece to Caelhaden.”
He was skinny, wrinkled and bald, but he had more energy than any of the youngsters. It just wasn’t natural, him being so spry. He was an old man, after all.
They left Tarrytown, and soon after, any semblance of a road as they began the ascent into the forested mountains. The constant incline tired the horses and slowed their steps, but the scenery they rode through was breathtaking. Wildflowers added their bright colors to the robust green of the surrounding foliage. There was beardtongue, with its little clusters of blue, bell shaped blossoms, and columbine showing off their yellowish white clusters of drooping petals. Ferns nestled against a gray rock, and tiny, red fronds of lichens gripped the rock above them.
After a time, Othan paused to rest the mounts. Samuel dismounted and dropped like a stone to the ground, while Dorthea slipped into some wispy grass. They had started out very early and it was a long day already.
All too soon, Othan was pressing them to resume the journey. He was on a mission, and leisure was not part of it. The uneven terrain made passage difficult for the horses, and after a time the comrades dismounted to give them a rest. Thirty minutes of that was enough, however, and they remounted despite the dangers to the horses’ hooves.
They toiled from wooded area to rocky slope and back to woods again. Noon came and went and still they rode on. There was grumbling in the ranks, but Othan ignored them.
They stopped for a short break in the early afternoon, and again a few hours later. They ate a bit as they rested, and then it was back on the move again. Othan was enjoying his authority, though he kept a watchful eye on Dorthea. She was a reprobate, he could tell.
“Why are we going so fast?” asked Samuel, shifting painfully in the saddle. “I feel like my butt is around my waist.”
Othan laughed. “Have you forgotten about the Searcher? He could be right behind us.”
“But he isn’t,” said Dorthea. “I would know.”
Othan opened his mouth to make a derisive remark but thought better of it. He pointed northward. “We have a long road ahead. Just so you know.”
“You keep saying that,” said Dorthea, “but it’s not even a road. Why can’t you find a real road?”
“We’re staying off the roads. I don’t want to be seen.”
Not five hundred feet ahead they came upon a pair of parallel wagon tracks. It wasn’t exactly a road, but nonetheless it was a well-defined trail. It came from the hills below them and made a turn toward the north, rolling ahead and out of sight.
“Well, where did this come from?” asked Othan, mystified. He scratched his thin, white beard. “I didn’t know there would be a road hereabouts.”
It was nearly sunset when they rode over a hill and saw an extraordinary sight. In a sun drenched copse just ahead was an open circle of gaily painted gypsy wagons. Thin smoke was rising from a campfire in the center of the semicircle, and around the fire were wooden benches filled with people. An iron kettle was suspended on a tripod above the flames, and the dancing glow of the fire reflected off the colorful wagons.
There were ten wagons in the caravan, and they were taller than a normal shipper’s wagon. Wooden shutters hung open, exposing the delicate lace curtains to the gentle breeze. As the comrades had already been seen by the gypsies, there was little to do but continue into the camp. They approached reluctantly, for itinerant bands had a reputation of being less than law-abiding sometimes, and the essence of the rumor was their liberal interpretation of what belonged to them and what belonged to others.
A tall man with a garish hat stood at the fore and watched them coming. He lifted his hand in a gesture of peace, and Othan returned the wave. Contrary to earlier suspicions, the stranger's demeanor was open and friendly.
The tired comrades shuffled into the camp and gratefully sank onto a bench vacated for their benefit. They were offered bowls of soup from the black pot simmering on the fire.
Othan spoke with the tall man for some time, and when he came to the others, he came with a word of advice. “Keep everything near you tonight,” he said. “These people will take anything they have a hankering for, and they are very good at making it seem like their own.”
“I aint got nothing,” said Samuel.
“What about that bag of food you’re toting?” asked Othan.
“It’s probably empty,” said Jon.
“What about you?” Othan was looking at Dorthea. “Are you carrying something valuable in that saddlebag?”
“No,” she lied.
“Well, you been warned. All of you.”
After the meal was over, the tall man offered Othan a pipe filled with fine tobacco, and the two joined a few of his friends around the fire. Stringed instruments and cymbals appeared out of nowhere, and the gypsies began to dance around the fire; at first just a few and then more joined in to form a circle. With their arms interlocked, they moved their feet in rhythm to the music.
After a bit, the dancers broke from the circle and paired off, leaping before the flames. Those still seated on the wooden benches clapped vigorously.
A fresh-faced youngster came to Dorthea, smiling. He bowed and extended his hand. Dorthea blushed and took it, and the young man drew her into the dance. Her cheeks were glowing red in the firelight and she looked pleased. A woman seated by the fire gave a knowing smile to her companions, and a ripple of barely restrained laughter made its way around the benches.
Dorthea’s eyes were bright as her partner swung her from side to side, faster and faster. They wheeled around the fire in ever widening loops, and soon there was no-one dancing but Dorthea and her partner. Everyone was standing now, stamping their feet and clapping loudly, and the dizzying dance went on and on until Dorthea finally dropped to a bench, exhausted. Then a cheer erupted, as if there had never been a finer dancer by a gypsy fire.
Jon looked on, fascinated. Dorthea was beautiful, and she had surely captured everyone’s imagination. Perhaps she would dance with him sometime.
After the merrymaking, the gypsies began to retire to their wagon homes. Dorthea went into a wagon with two gypsy girls where she would presumably spend the night in the luxury of a real bed. Flickering candle-light showed through the curtains of the wagons, making a remarkable sight in the darkness. The subtle smell of wood smoke hung in the air as Jon and Samuel spread their blankets by the dying fire.
The wind soughing through the trees made a soothing sound, but it grew chilly through the night and Jon awoke before sunrise, shivering. He sat up and rubbed the sleep from his eyes. Samuel was still gently snoring, and Othan was not to be seen. New wood was being applied to the fire, and a kettle of coffee was set to brewing. The gypsies were friendly as they came out of their high wheeled cabins and started breakfast preparations.
Jon asked one of the hosts where he could find water to wash, and he was taken to a nearby spring, the proximity of which was probably the reason for the location of the camp. After washing in the cold water, he returned to the camp for a bucket, and began carrying water from the spring.
A large griddle was set over the fire, and soon the smell of pancakes filled the air.
Dorthea came out of the wagon, looking well rested. Someone banged loudly on a pan, and everyone assembled around the fire. Othan came from the woods, drawn by the commotion.
Breakfast of pancakes and maple syrup was served on fancy pewter plates. The comrades hadn’t had such a meal for some time, and they ate heartily, glad for the change of fare. The gypsies had been more than kind to them, leaving them to wonder if the ‘stealing ways’ rumors were unfounded. Their hosts had been honorable to the core.
When breakfast was done and the goodbyes were over, the comrades left with Othan leading the way as usual. They continued north on the same trail that had brought them into the camp. Everyone was refreshed, and spirits were high. It was remarkable what good food and rest did for their outlook.
They took a brief break at midmorning. They were higher in the mountains now and climbing quickly, and the air was noticeably thinner. They rode without complaining, for it was getting cold in this high country. Everyone wanted to keep moving, not just Othan. The trail wound its way aimlessly through the deep pine forests, though it was easy to follow.
Wild animals abounded here. They saw elk quite often, and occasionally a black bear had her cubs in tow. Sometimes Jon would shoot at a grouse or ring-necked pheasant with his bow, and after several misses he tired of the ribbing and stopped trying.
“Why don’t you get us something fresh to eat, Pappy,” said Jon. “I know you have ways to find it because you’ve lived off the land before.”
“Perhaps I will when we’re higher up, Lad,” he said. “In the meantime, keep an eye open for berries.”
After a time, the wagon trail emerged above a deep gorge and turned left to cross the Razorback Mountains through the Sheer Butte Pass. Below them to the north, they could see the silver reflection of the Aphryl River, which came through the pass from high in the mountains. Its waters flowed eastward past Aldergarde and eventually joined the Passal Sea at Andorlea. The gypsy road turned to follow the ridge above the gorge as it made its way westward into the mountains, safely distanced from the treacherous edge of the escarpment. The depth of the gorge was astonishing, with scant vegetation on its impossibly steep, red rock sides.
But they weren’t going west and they wouldn’t use the Sheer Butte Pass. Othan had other ideas, and pointed into the gorge. “We dismount here and lead the horses down the cliff,” he said.
Samuel groaned. “You want to break my ankles, hey?” he said in dismay. “Let’s stay on the road.”
“We’re going north, Hoss. How long do you want to make this trip last?”
There was nothing to do but dismount, like Othan had said. There was a deer trail to follow down, though it was loosely packed and riddled with rocks. The gradient was steep, but the trail descended at an angle, easing the slope’s pitch. Even so, it was hard not to trip over rocks or scrub on the trail. Othan said he often used wildlife trails, because animals would generally find the easiest way. The one they were on now used every rocky ledge available to best advantage.
As they neared the bottom of the canyon, the gradient lessened somewhat, but there were more and larger rocks to deal with. They paused at the bottom to catch their breath and chart a safe way across the river, which was littered with treacherously rounded rocks. Othan feared losing a mount to a broken leg if they rode across, so he made everyone dismount and lead the animals. The thought popped into the younger one’s heads that people’s legs break too.
After much coaxing, the comrades were finally successful in leading all four animals into the river. The cold water filled their boots and the rocks were wet and slick. At one point Dorthea slipped and fell, losing a shoe that splashed its way downriver. Samuel grabbed her arm and helped her to the other side while Jon retrieved the shoe less than a quarter mile downstream.
The sun had dipped behind the mountains to bring on an early twilight, and they made camp a short way from the river. It would be cold sleeping again, and Dorthea persuaded Othan to light a comforting fire. There was plenty of dry wood about that would serve for fuel. The old man found a protected spot under the trees where they would be safe from prying eyes, and where any smoke rising from the dry wood fire would dissipate as it filtered through the heavy foliage into the thin air above.



15: Ceryyl


The evening sun was turning the western sky to a bright orange hue as Monte and Peeter made their way up Moonshine Street in Denton City. They had stabled their horses and were proceeding into the city on foot. Residents scurried past, busily performing various chores before the light of the day was completely gone.
An elderly, homeless man sat against the brick wall of a tavern. A tin cup was at his feet in hopes that some generous passerby would throw in a coin or two. Monte and Peeter approached him.
“Hello,” Monte said kindly. “Nice evening out.”
“Guess it’s alright,” the old man grunted. He looked the newcomers over, taking in their knit shirts, clean trousers, and leather boots. A smile creased his wrinkled face as he rose on shaky legs. Bugs crawled on the blanket that he had vacated. The hat on his head looked like it had been buried in a pile of dust, and long gray hair stuck out from under it, stiff as straw.
“Say, you wouldn’t spot an unfortunate man the price of a meal, would you?” he asked eagerly.
“I will if you’ll tell me something I need to know,” replied Monte, digging in his pocket for some change. “Tell me where I can find a man named Ceryyl Sebra.”
“What do you want with him?” the bum asked.
“Do you know him, then?”
“What do you want with him?” the old man repeated stubbornly.
“He’s a friend of mine, that’s all.”
“I s’pose you got a name, young fella.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” said the wizard. “My name is Monte, and this is my son Peeter.” He nodded at Peeter as he offered his hand.
The bum looked at Monte’s clean hand and then at his own dirty one. “Clestor is the name here,” he said, and he wiped his hand on his shirt. “I’d shake hands with you, mister, but mine are a mite dirty. I know Ceryyl and I’ll take you to him alright, but right now I’m almighty hungry.”
“Let’s go into this tavern then, Clestor, so I can buy you some supper,” said Monte.
The old man’s face fell. “Stanley won’t let me come in the door,” he said sullenly. “He usually brings me something when he closes for the night.”
“Food or liquor?” Monte wanted to know.
“He brings me both. He’s my brother.”
“Does he let you come in when the weather is bad?” asked Peeter.
“I get along okay,” said Clestor. “When it’s really cold, Stanley throws me a couple more blankets. Say, why don’t you just give me the money? I’ll roust a meal out for myself.”
Monte looked doubtfully at the scattered brown bottles lying about the old man’s blanket. “I’ll just go in and buy you a plate of something and bring it out to you. How’s that sound?”
Clestor shrugged. “Suit yourself. I’d be obliged to you.”
So Monte went into the inn and soon came out with a plate of steaming stew. The old man took the plate and gulped down the stew as if he were famished, noisily scraping the bottom of the plate. When he was satisfied that it was all gone, he gave a contented sigh.
“You said Ceryyl is your friend…do you know him well, young fella?” asked Clestor.
“Yes, I know him well,” Monte replied.
The old man shook his head. “He’s a real character, this Ceryyl is, and you don’t seem to me to be the kind that would know him. You just don’t fit the pattern.”
Monte frowned. “Why is that?”
“You don’t look like a fighting man, if I may be so bold.”
“Oh, that.” Monte laughed. “No, I’m not here to enlist in his band of ruffians. I just need to speak with him about something very important.”
“Ceryyl Sebra is like a wild animal,” said Clestor. “Survival of the fittest, that’s the code he lives by. Anyone that crosses him pays a hard price, and you can’t hide from him either. He’s got every gangster and shiftless footloose in Denton City working for him, and they’re all staunchly loyal. The fact is I used to be one of them, but now I just set around and try to survive, hoping to be left in peace.”
“Take us to him,” said Monte. “I have something urgent to tell him; something that may affect that dream of yours to be left in peace.”
The old man looked at Monte sharply. “What are you talking about, boy?”
“Peeter and I just rode in ahead of the Caelhadean army. It’s only hours away and nobody here even knows it is coming.”
The old man stared at the wizard. “If that’s the truth, then it’s probably already too late to do something. Even Ceryyl’s band can’t hold off the army of the witch.”
“Will you take us then?”
“Sure, but you’re lucky you asked me first. Strangers are regarded suspiciously, especially when they’re asking for Ceryyl.” He bent awkwardly to retrieve his cane from the ground.
Peeter hurried to pick it up and hand it to Clestor, though he offered it from arm’s length. The bugs in the old man’s hair disgusted him.
“Thanks, Red,” Clestor said. “I’m a little under the weather today.” He wobbled and almost fell as Peeter grabbed for his elbow.
“If you approach the wrong person about Ceryyl, you’re fixing to catch a club with your head and find yourself facing the old goat, bound and gagged,” the bum continued. He pointed up the street with his stick. “He’s that way. Remember, you asked me to do this. I don’t think you’ll be thanking me afterward.”
It was dusk as Monte and Peeter followed their new acquaintance up the street. Most of the shops had closed, and the streets were emptying out. A man was sweeping in front of his store, and when he saw them coming, he gave Clestor a dark look and quickly retreated inside.
They only walked a half block before Clestor paused in front of a long line of tenement houses. He pointed with his cane at the steps of a particularly seedy looking building, where several scruffy-looking men were lounging about, and began to climb. Monte and Peeter followed. They entered the door into a dark and dingy hall where more men loafed at card tables.
“Clestor, I haven’t seen you around much,” one of the loafers said. “You’ve kind of let yourself go, haven’t you?” Some of the men laughed.
“Aint been around much,” said the bum. “I found better people to hang around with. Where’s the big man?”
“You mean Ceryyl?”
“Of course! Who else is big around here?”
“Well now, he’s upstairs. If you’re going to go up there, you’d better leave the strangers here. You know how he hates strangers.”
“I’m not a stranger,” said Monte quickly. “Ceryyl and I have been friends for years. Peeter and I will go on up and find him. No need for you to come, Clestor.”
Monte motioned to Peeter, and the two of them climbed the stairs, leaving Clestor and the others openmouthed. After all, Monte thought to himself, he’d known this man before any of these hooligans had. What kind of bums was Ceryyl keeping around him?
Monte approached the first door in the hall. It was partially open, and inside was a hunch backed, dark haired man. The part of his face that was showing through a meager patch of gray whiskers was badly scarred. This man had seen a tough life.
“Hello, Ceryyl,” said Monte. “It’s been a long time.”
The hunch back started as if he were seeing a ghost. “Monte! What are you doing here?”
Monte closed the door behind them. “Can’t I come to see an old friend?”
“That’s good, old friend, but I’ve never known you to socialize for the sake of being friendly.”
Monte smiled. “Meet my son Peeter.”
Ceryyl nodded pleasantly. “Greetings, Peeter.”
“See, he’s not so bad,” said Monte.
“You don’t fool me, wizard. What’s this visit really about?”
“You’re getting old and losing touch, Ceryyl. Do you even know what’s going on outside of your town here?”
Ceryyl’s eyes narrowed. “You’ve got a lot of nerve coming into my place and mocking me. I know all about the witch’s offensive.”
“Okay. And did you know that half her army is just a couple hours away from your front door?”
Ceryyl was caught off guard. “Coming here? In a couple of hours?”
“That’s right. And guess what they want.”
“Well, I’d guess they’re looking for the flask.”
“Bingo. And a pair of geniuses named Hros and Ophemus want to visit you.”
Ceryyl grinned. “I’m not afraid of those two idiots. I’d be glad to get my hands on them and take care of things once and for all.”
“You’re going to be busy taking me to Rodan, so forget about the idiots. The flask is all I’m worried about right now. Your men will have to defend Denton City without you.”
Ceryyl shrugged. “Where is this army you speak of?”
“They’re coming through Lone Pine Pass, headed this way. Wysel and a pair of hoodlums are coming too, hoping to find the flask.”
“How many are in the army?” asked Ceryyl.
“I’d say they number at least twelve thousand.”
“Twelve thousand!” Ceryyl was astounded. “That must be more than half the army! It sounds serious.”
“By his own admission, Wysel did something that triggered this offensive. At least now I can be sure where he stands. He convinced Ophemus to bring the army this way because he’d noticed I’ve been avoiding Denton City. What kind of logic is that?”
“But he’s right!” growled Ceryyl. “You have to admit that!”
“I’m not too proud to admit it,” said Monte. “I just wish I’d hid the talisman elsewhere, that’s all.”
“It’s all water over the dam,” said the scarred man. “Edevane can take more men to watch the gates. I’ll speak to him, and then we’ll get started for the colony.”
After dispatching Edevane for his appointed task, Ceryyl beckoned Monte and Peeter to follow him. They slipped through the back door and hastened through the ghostly gas light of the back alley.
“Do you have any fighting skills, boy?” Ceryyl asked Peeter.
“I’ve used a sword some, but I’m better with the bow.”
“Well, now.” Ceryyl’s face creased into a broken toothed smile. “That’ll be handy. I apologize; I’ve forgotten your name.”
“My name is Peeter.”
Ceryyl didn’t acknowledge he’d heard as he turned into a street. Most homes were still alight. They came to the next street and turned. Monte and Peeter had to hurry to keep up with his fast pace.
Ceryyl was alert and his flickering gaze missed very little, always watchful for pursuers and unidentified threats. He led the way across the next street and ducked into another back alley. The stench of refuse along the sides of the alley clouded the stagnant air. People left their garbage for the collector who obviously didn’t make the rounds every day. Some of the piles were of several days’ accumulation.
Ceryyl hurried on, seemingly with no purpose or direction. He turned left, then right, and then left again, following a confusing path. Peeter thought they were lost, but when he looked at Monte, the magician winked.
“Don’t worry, son, we’ll get there alright. Ceryyl’s taking the long way. Anyone following will get lost.”
“As I am” said Peeter.
“And me, too,” said the wizard. “But does it really matter?”
They had gone several blocks through what must have been the worst, slums of Denton City when Ceryyl stopped in front of a vacant house. In fact, all the houses in the area could have been vacant. There were no people in sight and the houses were dark. There was only a stray cat slipping into the far shadows.
Ceryyl fumbled with a cluster of keys, trying to insert one after another into the key hole. After a few tries and several choice curses, he found one that opened the rusty latch.



16: Rodan’s Place


They entered into a dark room, and Ceryyl quietly locked the door behind them. Somewhere along the wall the hunchback found a lantern and lit it with a match. He held the lantern aloft and swept it from side to side. The uncertain light revealed they were in a dusty room with a dark hole in the center of the floor. He motioned them toward the opening and shone the light down a rickety stairway.
Peeter peered down uncertainly. “Who is this Rodan fellow?” he asked.
Ceryyl grinned mischievously. “He’s a rat!”
“Meaning he's a scoundrel?” asked Peeter.
“No, Peeter, Rodan is a rodent," said Monte. "Like a mouse, only bigger.”
Peeter was startled. “No!”
“Stay off the steps now until I’m on the floor below,” cautioned Ceryyl. “I wouldn’t trust this stairway to hold more than one of us at a time.”
After Ceryyl had descended the creaky stairs and stepped free, Monte followed and Peeter went last. There were spider webs all around, and some had stretched across the stairway. Ceryyl, being the first one down, was covered with the sticky things.
By the time Peeter reached the bottom, Ceryyl had already started down another flight. Monte and Peeter watched as he descended, hanging onto a wooden handrail, and when he was clear of the steps, they took their turns again. This flight was worse than the first, with some of the steps missing. The hunchback held the lantern high so Peeter and Monte could see their way, its light briefly revealing more glistening spider webs. The air grew damper and cooler as they descended.
“It’s been a while since I’ve come this way,” Ceryyl remarked.
An excavation was visible through the stone wall at the bottom, and it was large enough to accommodate a crouched man. A stale draft of air brushed their faces as they crawled through to a tunnel beyond.
“It’s been a long time since anyone has been this way, judging from the spider webs,” Monte said, smiling. “How long has Rodan’s clan lived down here?”
“Around a year,” said Ceryyl. “Rodan keeps moving the colony for safety, and it’s hard for me to keep track of them.”
As the threesome made their way through the tunnel, their footfalls echoed hollowly on the hard floor. The walls were of natural limestone, and they reminded Peeter of caves he had explored as a child.
“This is a good place for rats but not so good for people,” commented Monte.
“Do these rats really have the Flask of Thyme?” asked Peeter.
“I hope so,” said Monte. “If they don’t, I’m going to have some explaining to do to Othan.”
“Stay close to the light and watch your step,” Ceryyl said. “There are tunnels throughout this place, and some holes in this dirt floor are big enough for a man to fall in.”
They labored deeper into the cramped tunnel. There was a light ahead, and soon they came to a wide excavation with stairs going both up and down. Oil lamps were spaced evenly along the walls of the tunnel beyond this point.
Peeter’s curiosity got the best of him. “Why do rats need light?” he asked.
“Actually, these animals are different than any rats you’ve seen before, son,” said Monte. “They like light as much as we do. When Othan first sent me to find Rodan, I noticed there were strange things about the rats. For one thing, they were clean from tip to toe. And they wore clothes.”
“The rats were once people like us,” explained Ceryyl. “Rodan and Rosan were cursed by the Graolwitch a few years ago. They had helped the maid escape with the witch’s baby and were caught.
“I wouldn’t be surprised if Wysel designed their curse,” grumped Monte. “It’s just like something he’d do.”
Rodan and Rosan found their way here and started a new life in Denton City,” continued Ceryyl. “Just remember when you talk to them that they are people. At least, their minds are those of people.”
“What about their offspring?” asked Peeter. “Are they rats or people?”
“They’re people in rat’s bodies, just like their parents. If the spell were lifted, they would all be people again.”
The lantern revealed a large black hole in the floor, one like Ceryyl had predicted. They heard muffled squeaking coming from somewhere ahead, and Ceryyl produced a shiny, metal pipe from his pocket and blew lustily into it.
Peeter couldn’t hear the sound, but in just a minute there was movement ahead. A dozen small rats dressed in breeches came into the circle of lantern light on all fours. What a weird sight they made. Several of the rats had graying hair.
One of them led the way. Two rows of razor sharp teeth showed through his drawn lips as he peered suspiciously at the men. When his eyes fastened on Ceryyl, the rat did a strange thing. He stood up on his hind feet and began to talk.
“What brings you in the back way, Ceryyl Sebra?” he asked, in a squeaky rat’s voice. “I haven’t seen you for a long time.”
Peeter could see now that the rat was smiling, and the sharp teeth didn’t look so sinister any more.
“I bring an old friend with me, Rodan,” replied Ceryyl.
The rat’s eyes widened as he recognized the wizard for the first time. “Well, as I live and breathe, it’s Monte! I haven’t seen you for nigh on sixteen years. Where have you been keeping yourself?”
“I’ve been doing wizardly things, just as you’d expect,” drawled Monte. “Sorry I haven’t come to visit you, but there was no need, and I didn’t want to bother you.”
“And yet, you’re bothering me now,” said the rat. “What do you want today?”
“The city is under attack,” said Ceryyl. “Several thousand soldiers will be here at daylight, and we have just a couple hours to get ready for them.”
Rodan's sharp face showed his alarm. “They’re coming tonight?” he squeaked. “Why didn’t you give us more warning?”
“I had little warning myself,” said Ceryyl. “We’re just lucky Monte got here before they did.”
“Is Hros among them?” asked Rodan.
“Oh yes, our good friend will be here to say hello. I’m not sure who he hates more, me or you.”
“He’s got something against my family that isn’t healthy,” said Rodan. “He and Ophemus have been here before, you know, looking for our burrows.”
“Give me some credit there,” said Ceryyl. “Whose fighters protected you from them when they were getting close? You owe me a debt; in fact, I doubt there’s anything you and your descendants could do for me that would pay me back in full for what I’ve done for you.”
“I have pledged my family to help you when you need us,” said Rodan stiffly. “If that’s not good enough, then I’ll wash my hands of you and ban you from the burrow.”
Ceryyl laughed lustily. “Save your anger, rat. You have real enemies about you tonight, and I’m not one of them.”
“I’m here for the flask, Rodan,” said Monte.
“Somehow, I knew that, Monte. What are your plans, then?”
“I’m taking it away to have it destroyed. I should never have even hidden it, though it gets tricky to have it destroyed. Not just anyone can do it, you know. It’s funny, but sixteen years ago I thought there might still be a use for the talisman, but now I realize how foolish it was to save it. We just can’t risk letting the witch get control of it again.”
“I can surely understand that. A meaner woman was never born. I still see her face in my nightmares.”
“The spell that was cast on you was monstrous,” replied Monte.
“I still remember the night we were arrested and thrown into the cell,” said Rodan. “Rosan was so afraid, and I tried to encourage her that we had friends that would help us. It was pitch black in the dungeon, and when the door was thrown open, Rosan and I thought we were to be saved. The reality was much worse. Whoever stood in that doorway hit us with this ghastly spell. We never saw the sorceress before the door slammed shut, but we found we were small enough to scamper under the door and get away”
“I never knew the whole story,” said Monte, “but it doesn’t matter. The witch must somehow be eliminated. It’s sad. The flask could have been the tool to do that.”
“Well, let’s be about the business,” said Rodan gruffly. “There’s probably not much time, if what you say is true.”
The men gingerly shuffled around the hole in the tunnel to follow the rats. They came to a great room, where the walls were honeycombed with rat burrows. The ceiling was high enough that even Peeter could stand erect without brushing his red-hair on it. Lamps flickered all around, casting an iridescent, yellowish light on the limestone walls.
There were rats peeking out of many a hole as curious eyes watched the strangers. Peeter marveled that among the squeaking he could hear words that he could understand. It was disturbing to think that there must be thousands of these humans in rat form. He suddenly felt confined.
Rodan pursed his black lips and blew a sharp whistle. There was a riot of scurrying and squeaking sounds, and rats came out of every opening in the walls, ceiling and floor. Many came to answer the call from burrows farther up the tunnel. The floor of the room was soon packed, leaving only a small circle vacant around the three men.
Peeter fought down a panicky feeling as he surveyed the muddle. He closed his eyes to shut out the sight. He wouldn’t try to guess how many rats had come into the great room, but there were thousands and thousands.
“At this very moment, a huge army is coming to Denton City,” Rodan squeaked in his rat’s voice. It wasn’t a strong voice, and the humans had to strain their ears to understand what he was saying, but every rat understood. A cacophony of squeaking ensued, and the chamber echoed loudly.
Rodan paused, and held up his hand to quiet them. “Few of you remember the encounter that threatened our colony when our numbers were yet few. One night, a giant of a man found his way to our home and tried to kill us all with poison gas. Many of your brothers and sisters died.
“Well, the scoundrel is coming back and we must face him again. His name is Hros.”
Again the room was abuzz. Even the youngsters had heard the stories.
“An old friend has returned to take the flask that we have kept safe for him,” Rodan continued. “We have finished with it now. We have fulfilled our promise. Make Monte and his son welcome to the burrow.”
There was a rousing cheer as the tiny rats clapped their front feet and danced with happy abandon. Long had the responsibility weighed on the entire family. Smiling, Rodan beckoned for the humans to follow him. None were happier than he to be done with the Flask.
The tunnels of the labyrinth were laid out in the general shape of a Y, and the location of the great room was at the apex. The main tunnels were man made, but the rats had extended them and honeycombed the walls with their burrow-homes. The complete system was a confusing design of nest ends and winding tunnels. A thousand rats could each take completely different routes and all end up at the same place.
Rodan alone led the three men into the right wing. The oily smell of lanterns was strong in the cramped space. He paused when the remaining passages were too small for the humans and disappeared into a tiny burrow, only to return shortly dragging a leather bag with his front feet. Two other rats pushed from behind.
“Take it far away from here,” said Rodan. “We will truly be glad to see it gone.”
Monte took the bag in his hands and examined it closely. He turned it over and examined the stitching. It looked the same as it had when he had first given it to Rodan so long ago. He opened it and peered at the contents.
“Hold the lantern closer, Ceryyl,” he said, as he carefully tipped the flask. A woven teardrop of stems fell into the palm of his hand. The thyme was dried, and despite his prudence some of the leaves had come loose from the stems. So intent was he on the talisman that he failed to notice the immense Force-field growing around him.
“Now that you have it, how will you destroy it?” asked Rodan.
“It is destroying itself!” said an unbelievably deep voice from behind them.
Monte whirled, his heart in his throat. The Searcher was creeping toward them, bent nearly double because of his remarkable height. The druid’s face was hidden by the cowl, but two eyes glowed blue in the dark. As he approached, he brought a foul smell with him that made the oily aroma of the lamps seem like perfume in comparison.
“That cannot be the enchanted Flask of Thyme!” said the beast.
Monte stared at the crumbling teardrop in his hand. The Searcher was right. The Thyme from the spell would never disintegrate like this. This had to be a fake.
“You’ve tricked me, wizard!” spat the Searcher. “Have I followed you this far to discover that you’ve hidden a fake?”
Monte crumbled the dried stems tightly in his fist and threw the broken particles into the air. “Take it, beast!” he cried hoarsely. “I’m glad that it is a fake! You’ll never find the real thing.”
“I hate you, wizard!” bayed the druid. “Today, I will surely kill you!”
He leveled his hand at Monte threateningly. The wizard bowed his head for what was to come. He knew all too well he couldn’t stand against the colossal power of the druid.
Ceryyl, who had been standing to the side, now stepped in front of Monte. “Stop, Danil!” he cried.
The Searcher focused his hateful glare on the newcomer, and then a surprising effect came over his dim countenance. His threatening hands dropped to his sides.
“Ceryyl Sebra,” he said in a wondering tone. “Is that you?”
“It is.”
“I’ve wanted to speak with you again,” said the druid, the intimidation completely gone from his voice.
Monte looked up in utter amazement.
“I’ve never been able to thank you for what you did for me so long ago,” continued the Searcher.
“I just wish I could have kept you from the pit,” said the hunchback.
“You did what you could,” said the beast. “You showed me the way to leave Graolgasp, and for that I am most thankful.”
“And now I need you to let my friends go,” said Ceryyl. “If you feel I have helped you in any way, please let them go.”
There was silence for the space of a minute. The Searcher glared at Monte as the magician tried to calm his quaking knees, and then the druid threw his cape over his shoulder and walked away.



17: Wysel’s Friends


Matt shrank from Hros’s curved sword, the point of which was against his throat. Circumstances had degenerated quickly, and it had been such a bright, promising day. He chewed the ends of his long mustache out of nervousness, feverishly wracking his brain for a plan to save himself. He knew his chances of escape were slim to none, and he had little time left to come up with something.
Of all his fellows, he was the only survivor of a hijacking, and he knew he had been spared only to pilot the ship out of the narrow channel at Waters End and into the dock at Denton City. After that, what was to become of him?
“Why is your boat so slow?” asked Hros.
“There’s not much wind tonight, and she’s making the best time she can,” Matt murmured.
They had actually made good time, and within an hour they would be docking at the port. Matt could already see the weak glow from Denton City’s street lamps. His chances of escape were getting slimmer by the minute.
Dark shapes appeared through the deep fog as they approached the docks. Hros’s attention was riveted on the looming city, but he never dropped his threatening blade.
Matt’s eyes wandered to the golden haired Ophemus, who seemed to be the man in charge, and from him to the wizard standing at the bow, long hair flowing behind him. He studied Wysel for a moment. The Captain and Hros may be ruthless, but the wizard was terrifying. Wysel’s penetrating gaze and furtive smile spoke of a deeper villainy. Of his three captors, it was the wizard that Matt feared most.
Matt noticed a coiled rope lying close by, and the seed of an idea sprang into his desperate mind. The rope was looped on one end and ready at a moment’s notice for a man if fallen overboard.
“We’ll be there soon,” said Ophemus. “Make ready the securing ropes.”
Wysel watched from the bow, judging the distance to the wharf. “Slow her down!” he yelled at Matt. “We’ll strike too hard!”
Matt didn’t really care what happened to the ship or the wharf, but Hros magically reappeared and thrust his sword against Matt’s neck again.
“What do you want me to do?” asked Matt. “Lower the sail!”
Ophemus lowered the sail himself, seeing it wouldn’t be done by either of his comrades, and Matt eased her toward the portside, knowing he’d better do something if he was to save his neck.
“This should work well,” said Ophemus rubbing his hands. “The gate is undefended. Hros, you work your way to the eastern gates when you can, and don’t get caught.”
“I’m going to find Ceryyl.” The veins stood out on Hros’ neck as he whirled to face Ophemus. “Let the weasel open the gate.”
“The name is Wysel, monkey!” hissed the wizard. His voice was charged with a barely suppressed fury, and his eyes were slits under drawn eyebrows.
“What did you just call me?” Hros took a menacing step toward Wysel. If there was one thing that could make him lose all caution, it was being called a monkey.
Matt grabbed the coiled rope and furtively threw the loop to the spot where Hros had been standing, leaving the tail within easy reach.
“Shut up, Hros!” bellowed Ophemus. “Stand back and shut up.”
For one fleeting second it seemed Matt’s three captors would go for each other’s throats and Matt would be free to leave the ship at his leisure. Hros backed down at last. Still grumbling, he took his position beside Matt again. He gave the kidnapped seaman a savage smile, and suggestively ran his finger along the blade of his big sword.
Matt’s muscles knotted. His nerves were shot, and his mustache was nearly chewed through. Hros had stepped into the loop without once noticing it. It was almost time to act. As soon as Hros’s attention was elsewhere…
“The gate is closed,” said Ophemus, stroking his golden beard. “We’ll have to knock her down.”
“Ha! I’ll knock it over on the run, make no...”
Matt didn’t miss his chance. With expert hands, he flipped the loop upward and yanked mightily on the rope. Hros went down with a crash. Matt made for the starboard side at a run, keeping the rope taut, and then he turned and waved at his confounded captors before leaping overboard.
Hros roared frightfully as he fought to disentangle himself from the noose. Once free, he scrambled to the spot where Matt had disappeared.
Wysel was smiling. Hros’s distress amused him, and he wasn't hesitant to laugh at the giant.
“He’s swimming just out of sight,” whined Hros, “but he’s down there.”
“Forget about him,” said Ophemus. “He means nothing to us, and there’s much we have to do.”
Ophemus grabbed the helm and coaxed the ship to the dock, while Wysel threw a loop over the pier post and secured it tightly.
Hros was still fuming when they reached the gate. He hit it at a run that should have dislocated his shoulder, but the gate hardly moved. The big man picked himself up, livid with rage. His temper was shorter than a powder fuse and he didn’t care who knew it. With a lusty bellow, he plowed into it again. This time his considerable weight did some damage.
“Be quiet,” snapped Wysel. “Do you want to bring the guard down on us?”
Ophemus lent his hand, and between the two of them they took down the gate in a quieter fashion. Despite the noise, no-one appeared to challenge them. Perhaps the guard was concentrated at the eastern gate. The trio crept quietly into a nearby canal, and with heads below grade level, made their way into the city undisturbed. A few blocks in, they paused to plan their course of action.
Wysel wanted to seek out the Searcher, but Ophemus preferred to find Ceryyl’s hiding place. The big blond feared the Searcher greatly, as he had learned a valuable lesson from a confrontation in the past. In the end, Wysel’s plan was adopted, if only because he had a method to find the Searcher by virtue of his Force-field and there was no easy way to find Ceryyl. Wysel’s gift of sensory was extraordinary, and the Searcher had a very “loud” Force-field.
It was still several hours to dawn, and the streets were empty. The canal took them through the center of town, and from it Wysel was confident the he could sense the Searcher anywhere in the city. It wasn’t long and he knew he had found it. The Force-field led him through dark streets and stinky alleys, until he stopped abruptly at a nondescript, vacant looking house.
“He’s in there,” Wysel whispered.
“How do you know that, weasel?” sneered Hros.
Wysel shot the giant an irritated glance but held his retort. He would be depending on these men to help him, and he must avoid offending them.
“Go around the corner and wait,” ordered Wysel. “I’ll confront the druid when he comes out the door, and the two of you will step out and attack him from each side. If Danil tries to defend himself from either of you, I’ll burn him with Force-fire. He’ll stand no chance, and we’ll kill him easily. He may already have the talisman, and that would be a bonus.”
“I don’t know if I want a part of this,” said Hros uneasily, his immense bravado gone. He was a bully when he was bigger than his victim, but there was a difference between fighting a common man and facing a powerful druid.
“Don’t worry about it,” said Wysel. “He’ll be very busy with me. He probably won’t even see you coming.”
So Wysel stationed himself at the door while Ophemus and Hros hid nearby. The wizard was very confident in his plan. He rubbed his hands in anticipation. Things were falling into place nicely. Once the Searcher was dispatched, Wysel was confident he could find Monte and the flask, and with the help of Hros and Ophemus, take it away. With the flask in his hands, he was confident the Queen and her chief advisor would be grateful and reward him handsomely, for he had helped her cause in many ways.
He chanced to see movement above and saw a raven on the roof watching him. He gulped, taken aback for a moment. He wasn’t surprised because he knew the connection between the ravens and the demon, but even so, it unnerved him. In a short time, however, he forgot all about the bird when he heard heavy footsteps approaching from inside.
The door flew open and the Searcher came striding out. The druid seemed to know Wysel was waiting for him, and that was discomforting to the wizard, too. For a fleeting moment, Wysel choked, but then he remembered his friends were just around the corner. The muscles in his neck knotted with his effort to meet the powerful gaze of the druid. A brief, mental battle took place. The Searcher’s gaze held Wysel captive for just a moment, and the wizard needed all his strength just to avert his eyes. Wysel knew his strength wouldn’t match that of the Searcher, but his friends were near at hand.
“Joanna no longer needs you, dark one,” said Wysel boldly. “Monte will soon have the flask, and your mandate for finding it is over. I’m going to relieve you of the pain of your existence.”
A contemptuous smile crossed the Searcher’s features. “The flask has been found, and it was a decoy."
Wysel was taken aback. "You're lying!” he said hoarsely.
“I don’t care what you believe," said the Searcher. "Othan is the one I pursue now, and I know he’s on his way to Bleumont.”
Ophemus was listening to this dialogue from his corner and was quick to believe the Searcher’s words. The true flask was still not found. His fear of the demon was irrational, and had been so for a long time, but he cared not. There was nothing to be gained by staying here and confronting Danil. Even though Wysel had been helpful to him in the past, returning the favor now wasn't worth risking his life.
Wysel was focused on the demon and he never saw his compatriots leave. In the heat of the moment, he struggled to remember his plan. He must make the first move, for if the Searcher acted first Wysel doubted he would live another second. Without warning, he threw out his arms and sent a fire-bolt at the beast, and in less than the blink of an eye, the Searcher reacted. Wysel felt the violent shock of the beast’s thrust all the way through his Force-fire. The druid was extremely strong.
Sweat popped out on Wysel's wrinkled forehead as he struggled to put forth all his effort into the singular bolt of his attack. He had to sustain his attack for just a few more seconds…just a few more.
But no one came. What was taking Ophemus so long? Seconds passed, and Wysel’s situation was getting desperate. The Searcher was overpowering him rapidly, and there was nothing he could do to help himself. Without his allies he didn’t stand a chance.
And then the truth came to him. His companions had left him alone to fight the beast. In the end, Wysel saw the truth. An alliance based on intimidation really wasn’t an alliance at all. Hros and Ophemus felt no loyalty toward him, and when the chips were down, they had deserted him.
The power Wysel was up against was a colossal, impenetrable black wall, and his own strength was vaporous by comparison. As wizards go, Wysel was one of the most powerful, but now he was far out of his league, and he could see how inadequate he was against this terrible demon. There was no chance to back away and escape. The end came quickly.
Wysel had become a renegade wizard long ago. He had no loyalties to anyone but himself. He had no childhood family and no wife or children. The latter was fortunate, for a family man he was not. He was the kind of man that would back the favorite, or who he considered the shoo-in to win. He would side with the strong, even if it meant deserting his friends when they were at their weakest.
This was just the latest of Wysel’s subterfuges. For years he had sided with Othan and Monte against the witch, but when he had noticed a change in the wind, he switched alliances again, and that was without letting his friends know he had switched. Oh no, he still played the part of their friend, and milked all the information he could to relay on to his new friends. This is the worst kind of traitor, and Wysel deserved the fate he met at the end.
When Monte, Peeter and Ceryyl stepped out of the building a few minutes later, they immediately saw the ruined body of Wysel. Monte felt a pang of remorse as he contemplated Wysel’s fate. His heart was torn between sympathy for a former friend and anger for Wysel’s treachery.
It wasn’t hard to know what happened. Monte knew the Searcher had been here and played his part in this final scene. By virtue of dumb luck, he had avoided the same fate, twice. He and Ceryyl would make arrangements to have Wysel’s remains cared for as they should be, despite their recent parting of ways.
Monte knew there were no relatives to notify, or he would have done it. Monte was a genuine friend, and Wysel could have learned a lot from him. It was unfortunate that Wysel’s wisdom didn’t extend into his conscience.



18: A Cobbler in the Woods


Jon had trouble getting up the following morning. It seemed like every vertebrate had buckled from the jarring gait of his horse, and sleeping on the ground wasn’t helping him recover.
Dorthea was awake and sitting up. “That was the longest night ever,” she said. “Who in the world was snoring so loud?”
“Maybe you heard yourself,” Jon said grumpily. He grabbed a tin cup and helped himself to some coffee that Othan had brewing on the fire.
“This mountain air makes me snore,” commented Samuel, not afraid to take the blame. “I didn’t sleep so well. There are stones everywhere.”
Dorthea smiled. “You’re right about the mountain air, Samuel. We were probably all snoring in harmony.”
“Grab some coffee and let’s be going,” said Othan. “We should have a good day to ride.”
“I aint ready yet,” grumbled Samuel. “Maybe tomorrow.”
“You better shape up, Hoss,” said Othan. “You are the slowest one.”
“I sure don’t know how you talked me into this, Squart,” said Samuel. “I’d rather be working in the fields.”
“I didn’t twist your arm, Sam,” said Jon. “You wanted to come, remember?”
“Barely. That seems like a long time ago.”
Jon rubbed his sore feet slowly, trying to loosen stiff muscles. It would be hard putting on his boots since they were still damp and stiff from yesterday’s river crossing. He examined them closely. Some of the stitching had begun to unravel. “Pappy, do you happen to have a needle and thread?” he asked.
The old man was pouring water on the fire. “I can’t say that I do, Lad. What’s the problem you say?”
“My shoes are coming apart.”
“Crossing that rocky river was hard on everything!” said Dorthea irritably. “You’ll have us all lame, and the horses too, if you don’t find a real road to travel on. My shoes are shot, too. Have some compassion.”
Othan snorted. “Don’t say, Missy!” He took a sip of the hot coffee and spat it out when it burned his tongue. He wiped his stained mustache on his arm. “You should have worn better shoes,” he said in disgust. “Where do you think we’ll find a cobbler out here in the woods?”
“Uncle limited me to just one pair,” said Dorthea. “It’s not my fault.”
“Now, don’t get your dander up. I know a spell to fix your shoes.”
“Oh, would you do that?” responded Dorthea, relieved.
“Now, let’s see,” said Othan, his finger on his chin. “This shouldn’t be too hard.
“Mend the string and leather,
Fix the shoes and do it quickly.”
“There, that ought to do it,” said Othan, quite pleased with himself.
“That’s not right!” cried Dorthea, pointing to her boots in dismay. “They’re all big and misshapen now.”
“Well, they’re fastened together,” said Othan, a bit miffed. “I didn’t know they had to be perfect.”
“Perfect! They won’t fit my feet at all. And look, my stockings are gone too.
“I can’t change them back,” said Othan.
“You’d better forget about it,” said Jon. “The next time you could be barefoot.”
“I may keep my shoes off!” Dorthea retorted. “This will never help my feet get better.” She started to cry.
Acting like he hadn’t noticed her reaction, Othan began lifting the feet of the horses to check on the condition of their iron shoes. “You’re wrong, the horses aren’t lame,” he said. “Now stop complaining about your shoes. You’re riding most of the time, anyway.”
They started out again, with Dorthea coming last in an angry silence. Othan had them following a wildlife trail again. This one tracked along the top of a ridge for several miles. They could see far to the east, over the green of the forest that cascaded to the foothills, and beyond those, to the great Plain of Sharon. A bluish haze blurred the horizon far in the distance. The high spine of the Razor Backs lay to the west, and the tree line was far above them still.
Wild flowers with myriad colors were interspersed in knee deep grass along this part of the trail. Dorthea hopped from her horse and removed her heavy shoes, delightedly walking barefoot in the soft grass. Jon and Samuel followed suit, and even Othan took off his dilapidated moccasins (he carried another pair in his pack). The mountain grass was a blessing, and it went on for miles.
Occasionally, they saw deer fade into the woods, and once they saw a bear as it watched them from atop a cluster of rocks. There were groups of bison grazing slowly across the plain, far to the east but still visible from the high vantage point.
The beauty of nature was all around them. They wandered through dense stands of white pines and tall fir trees. Dwarf dogwood with its four leafed, light blue blossoms and the white dryad flowers among the trees drew their eyes as they passed by. In places where they emerged into the open, they could see the hazy peaks of the White Bone Mountains to the north. These were the mountains they would need to cross.
They mounted again and rode through the foot-hills, this time without even a wildlife trail in sight. They passed through heavy undergrowth and deep grass for hours until they pulled up at a rocky stream bed. They refilled their nearly empty flasks and let the horses drink briefly before proceeding to the other side.
The fast moving stream cut deeply into the side of the mountain to create a shallow gorge lined with slivered granite stones. At places, rocky ledges protruded over the stream, creating a tunnel effect. The forest on either side was deep and cool, and pine needles covered the ground nearly to the edge of the racing stream. The sun was dropping behind the western mountains and they began looking for a place to make camp.
They followed the stream to where it emptied into a clear, mountain lake, and they made camp on its sandy shore. They were at a high enough altitude that snow still lingered in sheltered spots, even though it was the middle of June.
Othan found a fish line and hook in his knapsack, and the excited boys hurried to try their luck. They soon brought a pair of nice trout to the fire. Dorthea had found some wild strawberries and Othan picked some fine, edible mushrooms. It was to be the best meal they’d had for some time.
The luxury of a good night’s sleep was to be more elusive, however. Jon’s head voice awakened him abruptly.
“Get up, Lad. The Searcher is on your trail and coming fast.”



19: Clestor’s Home


It was very late when Peeter followed Monte and Ceryyl back from the rat colony. They passed Clestor's little corner on the way to Ceryyl’s headquarters. By the light of the corner lamp, they could see the old man was asleep in his dirty blankets. There was something about the bum that fascinated Peeter. He seemed so hopeless, so wanting of human compassion. Peeter wanted to make him see there was something good in the world besides the liquor that he seemed to live for.
The freeloader had run out of whiskey and he was sober enough to hear them approaching. He sat up hastily when he saw Ceryyl. “Is everything okay, Ceryyl?" he asked.
“Peachy,” said the hunchback. “Why don’t you quit drinking and help us out? We could use another good fighter.”
“Aw, you don’t need an old goat like me. I’d be no help.”
“Feeling a bit sorry for ourselves, are we?” returned Ceryyl. “It seems to me you’ve made your own troubles, Clestor. We gave you food and shelter while you were with us, and we’ll do it again if you come back.”
“I do alright,” said the old man. “My brother helps me.”
“He gives you too much liquor,” commented Monte.
“Are you hungry, Clestor?” Peeter spoke his thoughts aloud. “I’ll bring you something when your brother’s place opens.”
Clestor peered uncertainly at Peeter. “Who are you, boy?”
“I came with Monte, my dad over there,” said Peeter. “Don’t you remember me? You called me Red.”
The old man fumbled with an empty bottle and nodded vaguely. “Sorry son, but I tend to forget things that happened yesterday. If you get me something to eat, I’d be much obliged.”
“Sure,” said Peeter with enthusiasm. “I’ll sit with you until daybreak.”
“We should leave soon, Peeter,” said Monte. “I'd like to be away from here when the fighting begins, and the witch's army could be here within a few hours. Come to Ceryyl’s place as soon as you take him his food.”
Peeter sank to the sidewalk a few feet from the old fighter and tugged his collar tighter against the cool wind. He liked Clestor but was hesitant to get too close. It turned out that Clestor was lonely, and the two of them talked well into the night. Peeter soon learned Clestor had a wife and a son, both of whom he hadn’t seen for many years.
“Do they even know you’re alive?” Peeter wanted to know.
“I think not,” said Clestor.
“Don’t you want to see them?” Peeter persisted.
Clestor stared at him. “Whatever for?”
“Well, because they’re your family.” It seemed inconceivable to Peeter that the old man could forget his family so easily.
“I’m washed up,” said Clestor. “I’m just a shell of what I was. I have nothing to give to a family now.”
“But you are still part of them. You could interact with them and be involved in their lives.”
A sharp blast of wind came around the corner of the building and Peeter shivered from the quick chill. He glanced at Clestor. Wrapped in his blankets, the bum didn’t seem to notice the cold.
“How old was your son when you left?” asked Peeter.
“He was very young, maybe ten or so,” Clestor replied. He smiled, as if remembering his son's face. “He was apprenticed to a blacksmith, and he was a good helper. The blacksmith said so.”
“I’m surprised they haven’t seen you here,” said Peeter. “This city isn’t that big.”
Clestor shook his head. “My family lives in Bleumont,” he said. “They never come here.”
Peeter fell silent. What a predicament this man was in. It seemed to Peeter that the whole problem lay in Clestor’s mind. The old man had erected road blocks that kept him from improving his lot in life.
A dog up the street barked and the wind moaned around the corner, causing a nearby gas lamp to flicker. Shadows of trees and pole lights moved quickly on the walls of the buildings across the street for a spooky effect. It was a way of life for Clestor, and he hardly noticed it.
“I really don’t know why I left them,” Clestor said, almost as if talking to himself. “I never felt like I was a good family man. I guess I just thought my wife and son would be better off without me. I started drinking and was out of my mind most of the time. I was ashamed of myself. I knew if I stayed in Bleumont, our acquaintances would see me so one day I hitched a ride to Denton City to be with my brother.” He put the empty bottle to his lips and tilted it all the way up to catch another dribble.
“At first I thought I had found my life’s calling with Ceryyl,” the bum continued. “I became a good fighter and spent a long time policing bars. It was easy to risk my life when it had no value to me, but I could never kick the drinking habit. I craved likker and left Ceryyl for my brother’s doorstep.”
“How long have you been here?” asked Peeter. “I mean, how long on the sidewalk?”
Clestor shook his head sadly. “It’s been too long. I can’t even remember when I came, and I never counted the years as they flashed past. Time has gone fast for me.”
Peeter sighed. The old man seemed so hopeless. “You really should go find your family again,” the youngster said. “You can’t know how much they’ve missed you.”
“They wouldn’t want to see me now,” said Clestor. “Look at me. What would you do if your father came home after being gone most of your life, and looking the way I do?”
“I’d probably give him a hug,” said Peeter passionately. “My mama died when I was very young and I’d love to see her again.”
“Sorry I brought it up, Red,” said Clestor.
Peeter fell silent. His thoughts were occupied with his dad. To leave and never see him again would be unthinkable. He looked at the surrounding buildings and wondered what it would be like to live here, on this spot of the sidewalk, and call it home.
He could see the old man was slumped down in his blankets and dozing. Clestor had surely paid a terrible price for the free liquor he had received from his brother.
Soon after, Peeter fell asleep himself, and he spent what was left of the night beside Clestor.
He awoke suddenly. A pinkish hue suffused the eastern sky, and he was shivering with cold. In the early light he could see Clestor was already awake. Perhaps the bum had waked him with his stirring.
Peeter hugged his knees. His muscles ached from sleeping in an awkward position, and exposure to the wind had magnified the cold. He should get back to headquarters and find Monte.
“When does your brother open his place?” he asked.
“Should be anytime, Red,” said Clestor, squinting at the eastern sky. “Are you hungry?”
“I am,” Peeter admitted. “It’s been a while since I’ve had a good meal.”
“My brother will give you something,” said Clestor. “He’s a good man. Don’t let him give you likker, though. I wouldn’t want you going down the same road I walked.”
Peeter started to say something and stopped. He had noticed movement out of the corner of his eye. Someone had stepped behind the corner of a building just up the street.
“Did you see someone moving over there?” asked Peeter, pointing.
“People are starting to move about,” said Clestor, unconcerned. “It’s nearly morning.”
Then Peeter saw movement again, and this time he had no doubt what it was. Hros, the giant man he had seen in the enemy camp, was coming toward them.
Peeter leaped to his feet, and Clestor, now seeing the man himself, frantically threw off his blankets.
“The army must be here!” Peeter exclaimed. “I have to find Monte.”
He hesitated to leave, though, for he knew Clestor was defenseless, or at least he thought he was. His indecision lasted too long, and Hros was getting close.
The old bum picked up an empty liquor bottle and hurled it at the big man, striking him in the forehead. Hros staggered backward and nearly fell over.
Clestor threw another bottle and hit him again, and this one shattered and showered Hros’s face with shards of glass. The big man screamed and raked at his eyes in frustration as Clestor hurled bottle after bottle at him. Hros batted them down one at a time, and furiously cursing, ran at Clestor. Quick as a cat, the giant man grabbed the old man around the neck with his enormous hands and squeezed. Clestor gasped for air and kicked his legs wildly.
Peeter wanted to run for it, but he couldn’t bring himself to leave his new-found friend. He drew his sword and started swinging at Hros’s backside.
Hros roared loudly and grabbed his own sword, which was huge. The length of the big man’s arms, plus the length of his gargantuan sword, made Peeter’s reach woefully insufficient. All the youngster could do to defend himself was to keep his sword in front of him and back away.
Monte and Ceryyl heard the commotion and came running to see what was happening, along with a few of Ceryyl’s stragglers. Hros saw them coming and instantly forgot about Peeter and the bum. Here was his chance to get Ceryyl, the man responsible for bringing Danil back.
He rushed the approaching hunchback, swinging his huge sword in a circle above his head so fast it whistled in the air. Monte pointed his hands at Hros, an action that should have served as a warning, but the big man came on, seeing only Ceryyl. When he was but a few steps away from his feverish goal of decapitating the hunchback, Monte released a bolt of fire that struck the giant in the chest, and Hros dropped dead to the ground.
“You saved my life, Red,” croaked Clestor gratefully, rubbing his throat where Hros had nearly throttled him. “You should have run for it.”
“I couldn't just leave you alone,” said Peeter.
“Sure you could have,” said Clestor. “You have everything to live for. You’re not a bum.”
“There’s something wrong with your line of thinking,” said Peeter. “Your life has as much value as any other.”
“I’ve tried to tell him that before,” said Ceryyl. “For some reason, he believes only in his bottles.”
“Don’t make me out so bad,” said Clestor, still rubbing his throat. “Life is a longer road for some than others, that’s all. It appears mine has detoured a bit. Taken a short-cut, so to speak.”
“We need to go, Peeter,” said Monte.
“Come away with us, Clestor,” coaxed Peeter.
“I think my time is already past, Red,” said Clestor.



20: The Tower of Linden


Jon sat up, suddenly awake. “The Searcher is coming?” he asked aloud.
“That’s right; he’s sniffing out your trail. You’ve got to put a few obstacles in his way to slow him down.”
“Are you really my father?” It was just a thought in his mind, but it garnered a reply.
“I am.”
“I’d like to know more about you.”
“Soon we will talk, Lad. When you reach Bleumont there will be time. Now you must be on your way.”
Jon groped for his knapsack and knife and rolled to his feet. He looked for Othan and saw his sleeping blanket was rolled up and gone. The old man had heard Jon repeat the mind-speaker’s words, and was already kicking dirt onto the last glowing embers of the campfire.
“Get the others up and let’s be gone,” said the old man curtly.
“The mind-speaker said something about putting some kinks in our trail to slow the Searcher down,” said Jon.
“We will do that, Lad,” replied the old man, “but it’ll be easier without the horses. We can chase them away and find them later.”
“They’ll be gone,” cried Jon.
“I have a spy glass,” said Othan. “Don’t worry so much.”
Dorthea and Samuel were aware of the need to leave camp and had gathered their things. As they were leaving, they saw Othan had already taken the horses and disappeared.
“How close is that Searcher?” asked Dorthea.
“The mind-speaker didn’t say,” said Jon, placing his backpack over his shoulders. “Considering the speed that his horse moves, he’s too close no matter where he is.”
“I understand the mind-speaker is your father,” said Dorthea.
“That’s what Pappy says,” said Jon.
“Othan is your grandfather?”
“Yes.”
“I feel sorry for you.”
Jon laughed. “Aw, it’s not so bad.”
It’s just hard to believe someone can talk in your head, that’s all.”
“The world is strange sometimes.”
Othan called impatiently from the darkness ahead, and they hurried toward the sound of his voice. They soon found the old man where a small stream left the lake and gurgled noisily down its rocky course.
“Are the horses gone?” asked Jon.
“Of course,” said Othan.
“What if the Searcher follows the horses? How can we get them back?”
“He’ll follow our scent,” said Othan. “I’m telling you, his nose is uncanny. He’ll know immediately we’re not riding the horses.”
They took off their shoes and walked downstream for ten minutes, believing even Drael couldn’t follow a trail in water. The water was moving treacherously fast as it wound its twisted way down the rocky mountainside, and they each had a fall or two. They soon had enough of the cold water and left the stream to put the shoes back on their freezing feet.
They followed alongside the stream bed for several more miles before Othan called a halt. Daylight was coming, and they now could see they were going through an ancient forest of massive trees.
“Let’s climb one of these big trees,” said Othan. “They are growing so close together we could go from tree limb to tree limb and lose our trail above the ground.”
Samuel was doubtful. “I’m not a very good climber.”
“He’s right,” said Jon. “Sam will never make it.”
“I’m not getting under him to push,” said Dorthea.
“Missy, you couldn’t even lift his shoes!” snorted Othan.
“I can hardly lift my own,” she tossed back.
“We just need to find a tree with low branches,” said Jon. “That would make it easier for all of us.”
“Find one with fat branches,” said Dorthea.
They soon spotted a huge oak tree that had a massive limb a mere seven feet off the ground. The top of Samuel’s head was nearly even with it.
“Stay away from the trunk of the tree,” ordered Othan. “The demon horse would follow our scent right up the trunk.”
Samuel wrapped his huge arms around the branch and pulled himself up, though he needed a little extra help to throw one leg over the limb, then he reached down to help the others up, one at a time.
Othan declined. He said he would continue the trail so it didn’t end abruptly under them. By the time he’d returned, the others had crawled their way to a different tree, but he was nimble as a monkey and soon had caught up with them. They went from branch to branch until they came to a tree with limbs too small for Samuel’s weight.
“We’re not staying up here like so many treed coons,” said Othan as he dropped to the ground. “The Searcher could sense my Force-field from our starting point.”
They struck off through the forest again. Jon was lost and he wondered if Othan was lost too. They made good progress, going somewhere north. The sun was up, and they had missed a whole night’s sleep. Samuel began to grumble, and at last he stopped Othan.
“Give us a break, Captain,” he said. “Walking wasn’t part of this deal.”
“Calm down,” said Othan. “We’ve just got a short ways to go, and then we’ll look for the horses.”
“How short?” asked Samuel dubiously.
“Look over there,” said Othan. “Can you see the top of that tower? We’ll be there in the hour.”
Sure enough, rising above the tall pines was the top of a stone tower, and before long the comrades had walked into a clearing of sorts. They couldn’t make out the tower at first, surrounded as it was by a vine covered wall. Young trees nearly filled the space between tower and wall, and it was only when they were right upon it that they could see the tower at all. There were places where the mortar was missing between the stones, and Jon wondered aloud if it was safe. Othan seemed unconcerned.
“What is this place?” asked Dorthea.
“This is the tower of Linden,” said Othan. “At one time, this was a prosperous mountain city; self-autonomous with fields and gardens, and a determination by its citizens to depend on no-one. There happened to be a vein of gold nearby, and the people mined it to become fabulously rich. Samstiss, that old miser from the north, got wind of the treasure and sent his army to take the gold.”
“Where did the people go?” asked Jon.
“Most of them died while defending themselves. They were a peaceful people, and few had weapons. It was a terrible shame. They probably would have shared the gold had they been asked.”
“Is there still gold here?” asked Samuel.
“Samstiss mined the vein dry,” said Othan. “That was forty odd years ago.” He shielded his eyes to see the top of the tower. “This will make a good lookout for us to see the horses, and the Searcher too.”
“It seems to me like these highlanders disappeared because their tower was breached,” commented Dorthea. “I’m not so sure this is a good place to defend.”
“Wait here, then,” said Othan. “Maybe the Searcher will just pass us by.”
“I didn’t mean that,” murmured Dorthea. “I’ll go with you.”
The tower was made of well fitted stones, and had ten levels of narrow window openings rising in a vertical row to the top. The lowest window was twelve feet from the ground. Large slabs of stone formed a small roof above each window, and the top of the tower was crenellated. Arrow slits dotted the walls, suggesting the structure had been built primarily for defense.
The way into the tower wasn’t obvious, and it wasn’t until Othan pointed to the first window opening and indicated a chain hanging to the ground that they could see there might be a way up.
“Do we have to climb that chain?” asked Dorthea in dismay.
“That first window is the only way in,” said Othan.
“I don’t know if I can climb it,” said Samuel doubtfully.
“You won’t have to, Hoss,” said Othan, and he reached up to grasp the dangling chain. “Wait for me.” With that, he agilely climbed the chain to the first window, skinny arms and legs pumping like a monkey’s. Once at the top, he stepped into the opening and grasped a T shaped iron hanging on a cable.
“Here it comes,” he called, and he lowered the piece to the ground by means of a handle on a winch. It was a handy gadget, made to keep the tower safe from unwanted visitors. Othan used it to pull them up one at a time.
The inside of the tower was surprisingly spacious, and a circular stairway spiraled up the rounded wall to the higher floors. After they had climbed to the top, they could look out over the battlements to a breathtaking view of the surrounding countryside. Just a few miles to the east were foothills, and several farms were scattered about. The setting sun bathed the hills in a golden glow.
“What an awesome view!” breathed Dorthea. “This is a good place for a watch tower.”
“We won’t be staying the night,” said Othan. “We’ll spot the horses and leave. I wish I knew if that demon has figured out our trail.”
“We should be safe from him here, Pappy,” said Jon.
“I don’t think so,” said Othan “He could get at us, even here.”
“How?” asked Dorthea without thinking, and then suddenly she was afraid he might answer.
“How tall do you think his horse is?”
“I’d bet he’s six feet tall at the shoulder,” said Jon.
“And how tall is the man himself?”
“Close to seven feet tall,” said Jon.
“And his reach when standing on the horse?”
“I can’t imagine,” said Dorthea, wide-eyed.
“How high to that window we just came in?”
“I’m not staying here another minute!” declared Dorthea, starting for the stairway.
“Wait a minute,” said Jon, grinning at Othan. “Don’t listen to Pappy. We have to look for the horses first.”
Othan took out his spy-glass and swept the countryside. The horses were soon spotted on the grassy hills of the farm country to the east, and there was no sign of the Searcher.
It was easier going down from the tower than going up, and soon they were walking toward the farms. It was nearly dark when they caught the horses. The few days riding had made the horses tame and easy to catch.
“I want to get a few miles from the tower before we pitch camp,” said Othan. “Don’t give me any trouble, Hoss.”
“What will we do when we get to Bleumont,” Jon asked as they set off once again.
“We’re going to find the real flask. Monte is chasing a decoy.”
“A decoy!” Jon echoed. “How do you know that?”
“I made it and gave it to him.”
“I didn’t know Uncle was even looking for the flask,” said Dorthea.
Othan nodded. “Gabriel told me that Monte went to Denton City. I expect he hid it there years ago and hopes to retrieve it. You see, years ago Gabriel and I went into the witch’s castle to steal the flask away from her. We were all afraid of what she intended to do with it.”
“What could she do with it?” broke in Dorthea.
“She has a portal to enter into a parallel world,” said Othan, “a world that is a copy of our own but far, far away from here. By using a spell, she can bring us all into that world in an insentient condition and we would be at her mercy.”
“Really?” said Dorthea, her eyes growing large.
“Did you ever find the flask?” asked Jon.
“That’s the mystifying part. We did find it, and it was in the library of her castle,” said Othan. “Gabriel took it and ran, while I revealed myself to draw the guards. On my way home to Sanbalem, I noticed I was the one being tracked by crows, so I thought Gabriel had gotten away scot free, but I never saw him again. I knew something had gone dreadfully wrong when I got home. He must have gotten caught, but somehow he’d hidden the flask from the witch. It was then I got the idea to make a decoy flask and send it to Monte by a trained pigeon. I told no-one it was a fake, not even Monte.
“Two questions have haunted me ever since: where was the real flask and where was Gabriel? If my son is somewhere in Bleumont, where has he been all these years?”
“Perhaps he will tell you these things by mind-speak, Pappy,” said Jon.
Othan slowly shook his head. “I don’t think he’s able to do that, or he already would have. Lord knows, I’ve asked him about it enough. Perhaps he has to be careful what he says. What if some unsavory person can listen in? I will only find out when I can see him in Bleumont.”
“It is very interesting,” said Dorthea, “but I just want to find my relatives when I get there.”
Othan frowned and shook his head. “I was thinking about things last night, Missy,” he said. “You must stay with us, for you have an important part to play yet.”



21: Mercy for the Vanquished


"What's that sound?" asked Ceryyl, his attention drawn to the east.
"It’s coming from the front gates!” exclaimed Peeter. “The witch's army is here!"
“Let them come," said Ceryyl. "We’re ready for them. The men are in place and the ramparts we’ve built will soon prove their worth.”
“The bad thing is that it’s too late for Peeter and me to leave," said Monte, his disappointment noticeable.
“You can stay and help me,” said Ceryyl. “I can use a man of your persuasion.”
Monte smiled. “You know, you may have a good idea there. I’ll feel safer here than racing the Searcher to Bleumont.”
“He’s not so bad,” said Ceryyl. “He probably even likes you now.”

Monte and Peeter waited near the last building on the street and watched as Ceryyl’s archers roamed the city wall, harassing the gathering army. Occasionally a return shot would knock an archer from his position on the wall.
There was an open field between the city and the eastern gate, and that was filled with barricades and wooden bulwarks bursting with archers. There were no defenders by the gate. The first defense in the event of a gate breach would come from the hidden archers, and any defenders at the gate would risk being cut down by friendly fire.
Monte and Peeter advanced to the safety of a barricade, and Peeter readied his bow for his part in the defense. He was fortunate to have experience with the bow, which was an important part of any defense. Any time you can do damage to the enemy without taking the risk of toe to toe combat was a plus.
The field of grass that separated the city from the eastern wall was only three hundred yards deep; a small space considering the size of opposing forces. With so many troops, fighting was bound to spill into the city and place unarmed citizenry at risk.
Clestor soon joined them with a short sword strapped to his waist and a grin on his face. He hadn’t been drinking and he had no bottle. The old bum winked at Peeter’s surprised expression. “I’m ready to go, like I never quit,” he said.
The clamor beyond the wall increased with the approach of dawn, as more and more of the Caelhadean army gathered there. The sun was just rising above the fortification when the defenders became aware of a chanting sound. The rising shout quickly swelled into a roar that culminated with a tremendous crash at the entrance. A siege engine had struck the gate a shuddering blow, and though the stout gate was constructed of several layers of wood and metal, it danced on its iron hinges as if it was alive. The city’s defense had been planned with nearly every scenario in mind, but the size of the new gate crasher hadn’t been considered. Again a low chant grew into a roar that ended with a gate shattering crash.
Ceryyl directed a group of defenders to push their barricade against the gate, and this seemed to help, for the next blow failed to breach the gate. He sent another group to do the same thing, and this worked even better. The barricades absorbed the impact of the siege engine, leaving the gate in place.
But the attack went on for an hour, and evidence of the gate’s failure was beginning to show. Archers were of no use to stop the battering, for the enemy had archers too, and very good ones, stationed close by to pick off archers on the wall. Ceryyl had left the gate and Peeter wondered where he’d gone, until he saw the hunchback with his father leaving the field for the city.
At the next impact, there was the sound of splintering wood, and one of the massive gates broke away from its moorings just enough to allow some attackers into the fort. These were dispatched quickly with a volley of arrows, but the ramming didn’t stop. The breach got bigger with every driving impact, and before long the gate had given away and the supporting barricades had been pushed back. A wave of fighters issued through the ruined gate and they were met by a storm of arrows; most of them were killed before they could advance twenty feet into the field.
There was a slight pause, and then a new surge streamed in as wide as the ruined gate would allow. Another volley of arrows stopped them again, but the invaders kept streaming in, climbing over their dead comrades and charging the balustrades with raucous shouts. A few of these made it as far as the closest wooden ramparts where they engaged the archers in hand to hand combat.
More fighters stormed through to take the place of their felled comrades. Again the arrows came; volley after volley, but some invaders overran the barricades unscathed. These were quickly dispatched as they ran into the teeth of the defending army positioned mid-field behind the barricades.
The volume of attackers was limited by the size of the opening through the breached gate; however that seemed to be widening as soldiers crowded through it. Ceryyl’s men fought furiously, and for a time it seemed they held the upper hand. They had been well trained and were armed with the best weapons available. They would expect no quarter and give none.
As the morning wore on and the invaders continued to enter the breached gates, however, it became more and more evident the defender’s cause was hopeless. There were so many enemies that they filled the fighting field. The battle degraded to hand to hand combat, sword against sword. Fighting to kill is always brutal, and soldiers on both sides were dropping like mayflies.
A giant of a man was leading the witch’s assault in Hros’s absence. He was a huge force, brutally killing anyone unhappy enough to be within the wide reach of his sword. He was howling with hate, and in his open mouth there was but one front tooth visible. Presumably, the rest of his teeth had been knocked out by a few of his many enemies.
Then Peeter saw Ceryyl step forward to challenge the giant. The hunchback planted himself directly in front of one Tooth and parried him slash for swing. Ceryyl had gotten the reputation of being a fierce fighter for a good reason, and he soon showed he was incredibly quick. What he gave up in reach and strength, he gained in quickness and timing.
Ceryyl forced One Tooth to halt his advance and concentrate on fighting just him. He evaded his opponent’s massive blows and parried under and around the giant’s defenses, inflicting one small cut after another. Never once losing focus of his opponent’s eyes, he seemed to predict every move the man made. His timing was perfect, and indeed it had to be, for if he slipped up and caught just one massive swing of the bigger man’s sword, he would be cut completely in two. The giant wasn’t accustomed to being hurt, and it showed. He became tentative; finally understanding that here was a worthy opponent who could hurt him badly. It seemed the harder he slashed, the more off guard he was and the more Ceryyl’s sword cut him. He became so angry he lost his composure, and exposed himself unprotected.
Ceryyl skillfully knocked the sword from one tooth’s hand. He was just ready to push his sword into the giant’s unprotected belly when other’s came to the beaten man’s assistance, and Ceryyl was forced to back away to save himself. His triumph wasn't lost, however, for it served to give his compatriots courage. They rallied around Ceryyl and fought with renewed vigor.
Peeter was sickened by the brutality around him. Hand to hand fighting required a resolute endurance, and it wasn’t difficult to see how a man could be killed as he tired in combat. The violence hadn’t reached Peeter’s place yet, and that was lucky, for his fighting spirit waned as the battle wore on. There must be a better way to settle this grievance. The witch and her cronies that had sanctioned this war were safely at home. If Peeter understood things correctly, the only reason for the invasion was to gain control of a wicked spell.
It was only a matter of time before Clestor and Peeter were forced to fight to save their lives. Peeter, being all out of arrows, grabbed a sword from a lifeless hand and took his place beside Clestor. If he could have spoken to Clestor, he would have encouraged the bum. In fact, Peeter decided then and there that if he was given the chance to see another day, he would see Clestor returned to a good life of self-respect.
“Get out, Red,” growled Clestor. “Find your way over the wall and save yourself.”
Peeter ignored him because he was too busy fighting. From the corner of his eye he could see Clestor was fighting well; in fact he was astounded by the skill the bum displayed, fighting on weak legs and parrying fearlessly. Both Peeter and Clestor were fighting fatigued adversaries. For a time, they were a stroke ahead of their rivals, and yet, for every enemy they dispatched, there was a new challenger to take his place. In just a short time, Peeter was completely out of breath, and he knew Clestor would be suffering even more.
Then the youngster heard a cacophony of squeaks coming from behind him, and his opponent dropped his sword and stared open-mouthed in that direction. Peeter whirled to see a riveting sight. Monte was waving at him frantically, and beyond him was a seething, brown carpet of motion.
“Peeter…Clestor, get over here!” screamed the wizard. “The rats are coming!”
Peeter grabbed Clestor’s elbow and pulled him backwards. He noticed now that other defenders had already left the field. Apparently, Peeter and Clestor had missed a signal to retreat.
In thirty-five years of procreation, Rodan’s family had grown to number hundreds of thousands. Rats were scampering through the streets and along the fence lines, from rooftops and back alleys; a surging mass of squeaking, scurrying rodents. Every rat in the clan was here; they were intelligent people with the bodies and quickness of rats, and it was a fearful sight to see.
The invaders stopped in their collective tracks; their mouths open in unabashed astonishment. This was a threat they hadn’t seen coming, and they had no idea how to fight it.
Peeter then understood that this had all been part of the plan. Ceryyl’s men had been informed that the rats would come if needed, and they must leave the battle to the rats lest they were attacked themselves by this new, formidable force. Now the rats could attack anyone and know it was an enemy.
The squeaking mass came with a rush and swarmed the witch’s stupefied fighters. There were enough rats that even the incredible number of invaders was overwhelmed. Clubs and swords were nearly worthless to defend against such a small thing. When an invader swung his sword at a rat, he often ended up killing or wounding a nearby ally.
The one-toothed man was slashing at the rats furiously. In his mindless rage, he struck and killed a nearby comrade, but he couldn't seem to harm a single rat. He tripped and fell, and was instantly covered with rats. He screamed and bounded to his feet, striking stupidly at the rats around him. After one mighty swing at a rat near his feet, he buried his blade in the ground. He yanked on it frantically, pushing it first one way and then the other, but it was buried almost to the haft and came free only with great effort.
His huge bulk and vigorous action acted as a magnet for rats, and he was soon covered head to toe by the squirming rodents. Rats were climbing up his hairy legs and under his pants, biting as they went. He flailed his arms violently, helpless to protect himself. It wasn’t long before he had had enough. He turned and fled ignominiously, a furry cloak of rats biting as he ran.
The demoralized invading army milled aimlessly, confused and cowered by the tenacious rodents. Thousands died that day from the vicious rat bites and subsequent blood loss.
Peeter was horrified. This slaughter was on a different scale from the raid at Aldergarde. He found Ceryyl and pleaded with him to call off the rats.
“Why should I do that?” asked Ceryyl, puzzled by the request. “This army was here to destroy us all. Would you let them live to attack us another day?”
“But they are no longer a threat,” Peeter argued. “There are few still alive. Give them a chance to retreat and return to their families.”
Clestor overheard. “You forget that in battle there is no quarter given, Red," he said. "There is no forgiveness and no mercy. That is the way it would have been for us if there were no rats to back us up.”
“Don’t you think that’s wrong?” Peeter persisted.
“Where did you get such a strange idea?” asked Clestor. “You can’t be a fighter and have mercy.”
“Peeter is right,” said Monte. “Even the witch’s fighters have value. They have families that are waiting for their return. There has to be some compassion for this world to make sense.”
“We’ve won our battle,” said Ceryyl. “Rodan, call off the rats, and any survivors will be free to leave.”
“You have to do more than that,” said Peeter, as Rodan scampered off. “You have to treat the injured.”
“Oh, for crying out loud!” laughed Clestor scornfully. “You’ll have them feeling so good they can reassemble and attack us again.”
“I don’t think so,” said Peeter. “They’ll leave us and be glad for the chance.”
Clestor threw up his hands hopelessly and turned away. The logic of caring for the enemy totally escaped him. Peeter was a young man with wild ideas, and yet, he liked the boy. His hard and bitter heart softened as he remembered Peeter’s recent kindness to him.
Ceryyl was pleased by the events of the day. The city had been saved. He had met Hros and lived through it. And above all, Danil had remembered what he had done for him so long ago.
Later that night, Monte and Peeter went to Ceryyl’s quarters where they were offered a room for the night. Peeter persuaded Ceryyl to have a tub filled with soapy water and went out to Clestor’s sidewalk to find the bum.
“I have a surprise for you at headquarters,” said Peeter. “Will you come?”
“I was just settling in for the night, Red,” grumbled the bum.
“This is something you don’t want to pass up, Clestor.”
Clestor reluctantly agreed to go, and after grabbing a bottle he followed Peeter upstairs to the bathtub. At first he was adamant he wasn’t taking a bath, but as he got to looking at the soapy water and clean clothes laid aside for him, he relented.
Ceryyl brought forth a scissors and clipped Clestor’s dirty hair to the roots, and then brought forth a bad smelling tonic that he rubbed onto the bum’s scalp.
After Clestor was clean and dry and his head was wrapped, he put on the clean clothes. He had been filthy for so long, he’d forgotten the pleasure that came with having clean skin. Memories returned of when he had cared for himself and his family, and had been cared for by them in return. It had been such a long time.
For Monte, the disappointment of the false flask was already forgotten. The truth was that they were fortunate it had just been a decoy. If it had been the real flask, they would have lost it to the Searcher, and that was unthinkable.
Monte and Peeter went to bed early, tired but happy. They persuaded Clestor, who hadn’t slept in a bed for years, to join them in their room.
In the morning, they would be on their way to Bleumont, where Monte would join Dorthea and help her find her relatives as he had promised. Othan would have to sort out the flask problem without him.
As for Clestor, he was of a mind to stay in Denton City, but he wasn’t sure about going back to that side-walk. Perhaps he could stay with Ceryyl. If only he could stop drinking, maybe there was still hope that he could find a normal life.
Unknown to Monte was the fact that four blood walkers had been dispatched to the city during the night with instructions to kill him.
One of the talents of these little monsters was that they were able to find a Force-field, and they would find the wizard wherever he was. It was easy for them. Monte’s was the only Force-field in the city, and it announced itself clear as a bell. They approached the building from the rear alley and forced open a window. All was quiet as they crept up the dark stairway and stopped at Monte’s door.
The sum of the blood walkers’ Power-fields awakened Monte. He wasn’t sure what it was that was outside the bedroom door, but he knew the strength of the Searcher, and this was far inferior to that. He groped for a shoe below his cot and threw it at Peeter’s bed, thinking he was throwing it at his son’s feet, but realizing too late he had hit him on the head.
“Ouch!” cried Peeter as the missile bounced off his face. “What the…!
The door burst open as if cued by the outburst, and the blood walkers rushed in, drawn straight to Monte’s bed. They were on him so fast that the wizard barely had time to yell at his comrades to defend themselves.
There were no windows in the room and Monte couldn’t see his assailants. They attacked him from every side with knives and teeth.
Peeter was totally confused by the snarling and snapping. He fumbled beneath his cot for his sword and couldn’t find it, but then he remembered he had switched ends to distance himself from Clestor’s snoring. He finally located his weapon at the other end, and by the time he could get it from its scabbard, he was under attack himself.
He fought to deflect his assailant with one hand while he used the other to wield the sword. He felt a knife cut his arm, and then he was stabbed in the back. He frantically dove under the cot, wounded and bleeding. He could hear, rather than see, a pair of feet nearby and he grasped the blood-walker by the ankles and jerked with all his strength. The little man fell to the floor. Peeter was on him in a flash, stabbing and slashing with his sword.
Someone fell hard against him. It was Clestor, who had been occupied with his own little battle. The two of them lay still, gasping for air, and they could hear Monte still battling from the other side of the room.
And then all was quiet except for Monte’s soft groaning. Peeter jumped to his feet and rushed to his father’s side. Clestor got a candle lit with shaking hands, and by the light they could see the wizard was bleeding copiously. He’d taken a knife in the chest, and he had bite marks all over his arms and neck.
“We need help!” cried Peeter. “Where can we find a doctor, Clestor?”
“I imagine they’re all busy fixing up our former enemies, Red,” said the bum a bit peevishly.
“Just find Ceryyl,” said Monte, through clenched teeth. “He’s only a couple of rooms down the hall.”
But Ceryyl had been awakened by the noise and threw open the door. “What’s all the commotion?” he demanded. His eyes widened as he saw Monte on the floor, white as a sheet.
“It’s bad, I know,” said Monte. “I’ll be alright though, by and by.”
“Here we go again,” said Ceryyl. "You certainly have a way of getting yourself hurt."
“It is getting tiresome,” agreed Monte weakly.
“What kind of animals are these?” asked Ceryyl as he kicked at one of the dead assailants.
“They’re called blood walkers,” said Monte. “I had a run in with one of them a few days back.” He coughed, and blood foamed from his mouth. “I beat him down, though.”
“You did it again,” said the hunchback.
“Not quite as effectively as before.”
Monte and Peeter had suffered significant wounds at the hands of the little red devils. Their journey to Bleumont would be postponed at least a week.
Clestor was the only one of the three not seriously injured, but he had a powerful need for a bottle anyway, and luckily he had one just beneath his cot.



22: The Valley of Stone


Farms and woodsy hills soon gave way to the forests of the mountain side. The companions rode fast. They weren’t trying to be quiet, and the drumming sound of their mount’s hooves could have been heard far away. They just needed to get across the White Bone Mountains as quickly as possible.
Othan rooted out the barely visible trail which was recently covered with a fluffy coating of snow. He had been this way before, and he knew landmarks they could use to stay the course. The pass wasn’t far ahead.
Gray, heavily laden clouds dispersed the light of the early morning sun into a dull red bruise that spread across the sky. Soon a chilly wind blew in from the north and sleet began to rattle on the crusted snow, ominously foretelling the storm to come. The comrades donned their coats to stay dry, but none had hats and the icy rain pelted their unprotected heads and stung their faces. Fearing the Searcher could be gaining ground, they drove on, tempering their urgency only with concern for the horses’ wellbeing. They must keep the horses ambulatory; for if they lost them, all hope would be lost.
As the day advanced and the temperature dropped, the trail became icy slick and progress slowed. By mid-afternoon, the cold rain diminished but the wind continued unabated. Two massive mountain peaks appeared in the gloom, and the trail narrowed as it passed between them. This was the Lost Bear Pass, one of only two that allowed wagon passage through the Blue Stone Mountains.
The companions found a place protected from the powerful wind and paused to rest. Othan cast about for dry brush to light a fire. There were enough dogwood shrubs in shady places to yield fuel for a small blaze. Any smoke produced would be blown to the four corners of the globe.
“Maybe this storm is a blessing,” Othan yelled, trying to be heard above the whine of the wind. “We should be able to go through without seeing anyone.”
At dark, they remounted and set out to face the gale again, which doubled in speed as it passed through the cleft of the twin peaks. The riders bowed low as the animals leaned into its thrust and fought their way forward. It took several hours to get through the highest peaks, and when at last they were on the downward side, the horses were nearly spent. A few minutes later, they found a rocky outcrop that afforded them a brief rest.
The road passed through smaller mountains and emerged into foothills. The change of scenery recorded their progress, giving them the heart to continue. Night was waning, and it would be dawn soon. They had been going on insufficient sleep for too long, and the stress of this last marathon night was too much. They finally found respite beneath a granite overhang, and huddled together for warmth. The horses were tethered safely off the trail and out of the wind. The stone of the mountains had changed into the soil of the hills, which in places was covered with grass instead of snow. If they hadn’t been so tired, the four travelers might have appreciated its small comfort before they fell asleep.
They awoke late and found it already mid-morning. A good, restoring sleep would have to wait until they found a safer place.
The road continued north through the hills before turning eastward toward Bleumont. Tempers became short as the day wore on, and it seemed any conversation turned into an argument. They learned that silence was golden and plodded along without speaking, heads down and barely awake. Fear of the Searcher and a respect for Drael’s speed kept them on the road.
At the end of daylight, they came to a tiny village and found an inn to pass the night in reasonable safety. It was a good thing, for they were utterly spent. The kitchen afforded a cup of soup before they hit their beds, and they slept hard until dawn.
East of Chalder Town, the roadway wound through a series of rolling hills, and at midmorning of the next day they saw a dense forest to their left. As they traveled eastward, the ground sloped into a gigantic bowl that seemed miles in diameter. Huge rocks lay scattered about, some standing on their ends.
“What is this place?” asked Jon.
“The Valley of Stone,” replied Othan. “Legend has it that long ago a star fell from the sky and gouged this crater. The big rocks were chunks of stone that fell to Terra after being blown high by the impact. The Great Sea is only twenty miles or so north of here.”
“It looks pretty,” said Dorthea.
“I’ve been to those woods,” said Othan. “That place is evil.”
“Why?” asked Jon curiously.
“There is a lake in the middle of that forest called Graolgasp,” said Othan.
“I’ve heard of it,” said Jon eagerly. “Some say the Searcher was born there.”
“Not born, but created,” said Othan. “He was born a normal man, like you and me. The lake transformed him into what he is.”
“Well, I’ll be a tinhorn,” said Samuel. “What’s wrong with the lake?”
“Near as I can tell, it’s filled with toxic acid.”
“Did the demon fall in?” asked Dorthea.
“I should say not,” said Othan. “He was thrown in. He’s the last of the Dalphrym, people that had a symbiotic relation with their pets. The Searcher’s pet was his horse. He and Drael were inseparable, and in order to kill the man, his captors had to throw his horse in with him. That basically made them one being.
“You can imagine, then, how shocked his enemies were to see him riding again in a short time. Instead of being rid of him, they realized they’d turned him into a demon that could easily kill them. No-one has ever escaped that lake, but the Searcher did it and he’s often seen near it. Rumor has it he swims in the lake.”
“He’s a real devil,” commented Samuel. “I’ll wager all other demons bow down to him.”
“They do at that, and there are many,” said Othan grimly.
“How do you know all this?” asked Jon curiously.
“I knew the Searcher before it happened,” said Othan.
“You knew him before he was…the Searcher?” asked Jon incredulously. “How long ago was that?”
Othan shrugged. “Around thirty five years ago. His name was Danil then.”
Suddenly the weariness left the teens and they were full of questions.
“Why was he thrown into the lake?” Jon asked.
“He had his enemies,” said Othan. “One of the worst was the General of the King’s army named Ophemus. One day, Samstiss demoted Ophemus and replaced him with Danil, and that didn’t sit well with Ophemus. Evil men favor other evil men, and Ophemus had many friends, some in high places. They succeeded in getting Danil arrested on false charges of high treason.”
“You liked Danil, really?” asked Jon.
“I did,” replied Othan. “He was a good friend, though he made a poor choice for his second wife. Cleapotra was her name, and she was a vain and silly woman. Her former paramour was Ophemus, who was doomed to be bested by Danil at every turn.
“Where does the witch fit into this story?” asked Samuel.
“Joanna is the Queen that we call the Graolwitch, and she was Samstiss’s only daughter. She was just a young woman when Danil was tossed into Graolgasp. She wasn’t a bad sort then, not at that time. The greed and selfishness came later, particularly after she acquired the flask. Danil works for her now.”
“I hate her,” said Dorthea grimly. “And I didn’t know Samstiss was her father.”
“Do you know…?” Othan’s voice trailed off.
Dorthea nodded. “I know Joanna’s my mother.”
“You don’t say!” exclaimed Jon.
“Don’t ask me to explain it,” Dorthea said, facing him angrily. “You don’t explain things.”
“Alright,” said Jon. “Sorry.”
“Tell us how Danil escaped the lake,” said Samuel.
“One of the soldiers was a good friend of Danil’s. His name was Ceryyl Sebra, and he searched Samstiss’s old books for a way to save his friend, pretending that he was looking for army strategies. He tore out a page on Graolgasp and gave it to Danil in prison, the day before he was to be executed. It turned out that the secret of leaving the pit was printed in invisible ink on that page, and exposure to the acidic waters of Graolgasp revealed the copy. That’s why Danil was able to read it.”
“What was the secret?” asked Dorthea.
“I wish I knew,” Othan replied. “Ophemus later discovered that it was Ceryyl, one of his trusted captains, who had helped Danil to escape the pit. Ceryyl was forced to flee for his life, and he ended up in Denton City. He became a leader of a band of ruffians that he trained into a formidable fighting force. He always thought he needed protection from the witch’s army, whose fealty returned to Ophemus after Danil’s transformation.”
“Tell us about the parallel world,” said Jon.
“Samstiss discovered the parallel world by accident with his black magic,” said Othan. “He discovered a way to concentrate his magic, and a smaller room worked the best for this, which is why he chose the closet of his second floor library. His magic was so powerful in its condensed form that it created a portal to the parallel world, and when he closed the closet door behind him he was transported there. It was a near copy of our world and just as old. The problem was that he couldn’t return through the same portal. It just wouldn’t work to go backwards, because all that concentrated magic was in the closet of our world.”
“That must have been scary,” said Dorthea.
“Samstiss tried to concentrate the magic in the closet of the silent world but it didn’t work the same there. His predicament drove him to find a new way, and to his credit, he was successful a second time. I have to say I admire Samstiss his resourcefulness, if nothing else.
“If there’s one thing that can be said about Samstiss, it’s that his grasp of the intricacies of the darkest arts is incredibly thorough. With this tool, he created the spell for his return. He found a sprig of thyme in that silent world and enchanted it to form the spell of the Way of the Gates, which brought two gates into the parallel world, one of which would lead back to the real world. He didn’t want two gates; it was just the way it inevitably worked out. The eternal play of good against evil changed his spell. Where there is good there must also evil, or something like that.
“The first time he used the spell, he was lucky and opened the proper gate. He immediately returned through the portal to mark the gate for future use. He wasn’t totally happy with his work though, and eventually he grew tired of visiting the empty place. He altered his spell to combine that world with ours, and that’s when he discovered the damaging aspects of the spell. The people of our planet were suddenly in an unawake state when they were mixed with the parallel world. Because he was there before the spell was invoked, Samstiss alone remained aware. It was all by his evil design. He could eliminate his enemies as easily as one-two-three. You and I would be unawake in both universes when they were joined by the spell.”
“I’d like to see the other universe, without the spell of course,” said Jon wistfully. “I wonder what it was like in its pristine state.”
“It has all the physical properties of the world we know: the laws of gravity and chemical behavior, and the sun, moon and stars are all the same,” said Othan. “However, nothing with a mind is in that world. Only plants, microorganisms and inanimate objects from this world exist there, and they are in the same exact place as they are here. There are no animals, and certainly, no humans.”
“How can you know all that?” scoffed Dorthea, inferring with the inflection of her voice that the old man was babbling nonsense.
Othan frowned, as if the girl had asked a stupid question. “I’ve been there before, that’s how.”
“But weren’t you unawake then?” puzzled Jon.
“No, I was there before the spell was activated.”
Dorthea clapped her hands over her mouth. “You were one of the sorcerers that used the spell?” she asked incredulously.
“I was. Samstiss himself explained all this to me. It’s too long a story to tell now, so let’s ride.” said Othan.
“You can’t stop there,” protested Jon. “Did you see me unawake when you were there?”
“Of course not! I was in Bleumont and you were in Balogarten. You should know how far apart they are.
“I’ll tell you more when we stop tonight, I promise.” Without another word he kicked his horse in the flank. The teens had no choice but to follow.



23: Over the Wall


The afternoon had turned sunshiny and warm as the comrades filed into Bleumont. The long trek was over, and they could look forward to ending the quest that had consumed them for over week. It was one of those feel-good days that we all have from time to time, though the comrades were too tired to enjoy it. They stabled their barely ambulant horses at a nearby barn and made their way into the city proper on foot, hoping their scent would mix with the citizenry and be lost to the Searcher and his horse.
Their first priority was to find a place to base their operations from. They needed time to rest and regroup. After a short search, they found a vacant building, and judging from the unclipped grass and shabby fence in front, they guessed it had been empty for some time.
Despite its present condition, it was easy to see the house they’d chosen had been impressive at one time. There was a spiral staircase with wooden balustrades beyond the anteroom, and the arched windows were stained glass. The comrades were so tired, however, that a stable would have served tonight.
Othan’s parallel world account was completely forgotten, and the comrades dropped to the dusty floor and were immediately asleep. They slept the rest of the evening and well into the night until Jon was awakened by the mind-speaker again.
“Wake up, Lad. Come to Bleuhaden tonight.”
It’s amazing how a head voice can wake a person. At first, Jon thought he was dreaming and the voice was part of the vision, but when it continued, he lost all doubt.”
“Come Lad, you mustn’t dally. The witch hasn’t been watching your progress closely, and she has no idea you’ve come so far.”
“How can she watch our progress?” Jon asked thickly, sleep still in his voice.
“The same way I do. You’ll understand it all when you get here.”
“Where is the Searcher?” Jon asked a question that had been weighing on his mind.
“He is already through the pass. He spent some time sniffing around the Tower of Linden. Now hurry! I’ll let you know if things change here.”
Jon was so stiff he could hardly get his legs under him. Riding horseback for long days had taken its toll.
A street lamp outside the window served to cast a little light into the room and a shadow fell over Jon, giving him a start.
“Get up, Lad,” said Othan. “The witch is sleeping, and we need to go now.”
“You too?” asked Jon.
“Someone has to prod you slackers.” The old man moved to a lump lying close by and placed his foot on it. It was Dorthea under her blankets. He shook her firmly with his foot.
She groaned and rolled over. “Is it time to get up already?”
Rousing Samuel was harder. He was sleeping like a carcass, and it took a minute to waken him.
“What happen?" Samuel grunted. "I feel like I been dragged by a horus."
“Me, too,” said Jon.
The boys looked pitiful in their pain as they moved around, and Dorthea laughed at them. Jon looked at her curiously. “Aren’t you stiff from riding?”
She shook her head. “I’m used to it.”
“That’s hardly fair,” said Samuel. “Have we been suffering alone all this time?”
“I’ve been tired just like you, if that helps,” she replied.
“Are you coming to the Palace with us, Dorthea?” asked Jon.
“She has to come,” said Othan. “There is a purpose for her.”
“What purpose?” asked the girl, setting her chin stubbornly.
“Now, now, don’t be offended,” said Othan. “I’d forgotten something when we started out. Just glad I remembered it in time. We really need you along so we can finish what we started.”
The girl was silent for a moment and then she softened. “I don’t know where to go from here so I guess I’ll tag along for a time.”
The boys moved slowly and awkwardly as they set out. Luckily, the night was still young. The moon was shining boldly and the air was pleasant as they made their way toward the center of the city. They couldn’t help noticing that the buildings grew richer and more stylish as they went. Many of the homes in the central part of the city were built of cut stone, with steep roofs and second story balconies.
The comrades came to the end of the street and found themselves on a plateau; a beautiful raised spot with a nice view of the city at night. The ground sloped gently into a bowl before them, and gas lights twinkled and fluttered incessantly. The basin had three sides, one formed by the mountains and the other two by the crescent shape of the Great Sea to the north. A salty whiff rode the north breeze and produced a fishy, maritime smell. Bleumont filled the entire basin, and the street lights revealed lines radiating from a fixed point like pie wedges, ending at a road skirting the Great Sea coast.
Bleuhaden was the Queen’s castle, and it was situated on a prominent hill. The city streets all connected to a boulevard that circled the castle and outer wall, accessing the royal stables tothe rear. The imposing structure was built of blue granite, the hardest stone that could be found in all Caelhaden. The towers were as beautiful as they were frightening, with thin and majestic parapets. The hard, stone appearance of the keep was softened by the rounded towers on all of the four corners and the arched windows on every side. The high, steeply sloped roofs shone reddish in the moonlight.
The marketplace was quiet now; no vendors were selling their wares and no jovial greetings were shouted between neighbors. Indeed, nighttime was about the only time this area was quiet, as the market was open every day of the week and for all the daylight hours.
The friends passed by an open-sided shed on the edge of the market and Jon’s eyes were drawn inside. It was a smithy. A huge anvil stood in the center and the dark shapes of the forge and bellows stood in one corner. A wave of emotion washed over him as he pictured Uncle Julian hammering out a sword with his heat reddened arms and iron hard hands. All the smells of Julian’s shop were there; the lingering scents of coal smoke and hot steel and the oily odor of metal filings.
Dorthea looked curiously to see what had captivated Jon’s attention so. “It’s just a smithy,” she said.
“So?” said Jon. “I happen to like smithies. This reminds me of Julian’s shop.”
A hammer lay on the work bench, and Jon went in to pick it up. The smoothness of the worn, wooden handle felt good, and for one wistful moment he was at home again. All the hours of drudgery were lost to his memory, and only the nostalgia remained.
“What are you doing, Lad?” asked Othan. “We can’t delay.”
Jon regretfully put down the hammer and followed the others. As they approached the outer wall, they were surprised at the size of it; all of fourteen feet high and ten feet thick at the gate opening, and topped by a sloping, tiled roof.
The gates of the outer wall were open but guarded by armor-clad soldiers, and the street passed through to form a circular driveway in the courtyard. The entrance into the castle appeared to have no doors, but was fashioned as an open atrium and flanked by tall Corinthian columns supporting a clear span of no less than thirty feet. Security had been sacrificed for beauty and convenience, and maybe this was the Achilles heel of the place.
The comrades stopped at the gates, uncertain how to proceed past the guards. The twin gatehouses each anchored a heavy iron gate, and their sloping, tiled roofs made them resemble quaint chateaus. Just yards from the gate was a parked cart loaded with hay.
“Maybe we could crawl over the wall by using the wagon,” Othan mused aloud.
“I don’t think so,” said Dorthea. “The hay would make me itch.”
“Well, Missy, do you have a better way?” asked Othan, pushing his whiskered face in front of her.
Dorthea backed away from his pugnacity. “Why don't we just walk through the front gates,” she said. “The guards look like they are asleep standing.”
Othan’s mouth dropped as he contemplated the security guards. “Maybe you’re right,” he admitted. “I didn’t notice that.”
Indeed, the guards didn’t move, moreover they were leaning against the gateposts. Maybe they were not guards at all, but empty suits of armor propped there to discourage passage, though this was a long shot.
“I’ve seen you use an invisibility spell,” said Jon. “Why not use it now?”
“It doesn’t work well here,” replied Othan. “We’ll just walk through without magic.”
Dorthea turned to look toward the city one last time. It was so beautiful she wanted to create a memory in her mind.
“What’s the matter?” asked Jon, looking back to see what had drawn her.
“Isn’t it beautiful?” she asked.
“It is at that,” he said with a smile. “I’d like to spend some time there.”
“Oh you,” said the girl, when she realized he was looking at the smithy again.
Othan and Samuel had already passed through the gate, and the old man beckoned urgently from the other side. One of the guards opened his visor to peer at the trespassers. For a delayed second, he stared stupidly at them before gathering his sleepy senses and alerting his fellows. They all sprang into action and closed the gates, while Othan and Samuel disappeared.
“What are we going to do now?” whispered Dorthea.
“Climb the hay wagon, I guess,” said Jon.
“Is that your only idea?”
“What else?" asked Jon. “The gates are locked.”
“We could wait for day-light when they’re open again.”
“The mind-speaker said there is no time to waste. We have to get into the castle before morning.”
“Alright, then,” Dorthea said resignedly, “but I don’t like it.”
Climbing onto the wagon was no problem, and aside from Dorthea getting a little dried hay dust up her nose and having to stifle a sneeze, they had no trouble ascending the pile of hay.
Jon was able to lift Dorthea high enough to touch the roof, but she couldn’t quite get on from there. The main problem was the instability of the shifting pile.
“Can you hold me steady if I get on your shoulders?” asked the girl.
“I can try,” said Jon uncertainly, leaning forward to secure himself against the wall.
“Don’t let me fall,” she wheezed as she clambered up his back. She grasped at a tile to steady herself, and after some posturing, stepped cautiously onto his shoulders.
Jon flinched under the pinch of the hard soles. The roof now came to Dorthea’s waist, and she was able to pull herself onto it.
“Now what?” asked Dorthea, wriggling higher to secure her position. “Don’t expect me to pull you up here.”
“Just move out of the way,” said Jon. “I can get up by myself.”
But the pile sank as he jumped, and he could get no height. All he could do was hang from the roof with one hand. It didn’t help that the roof projected far past the wall, and his feet could find no purchase to help him.
“I guess I do need your help,” he mumbled, red faced.
“I ought to let you hang there,” Dorthea laughed, “but I’m certainly not going into the castle by myself. Take my hand.”
She tugged hard and dragged him high enough that he could flop onto the roof alongside her.
“We made it,” said Jon. “That wasn’t so bad.”
“Yes, but we still have to get down on the other side.”
They inched their way up the steep roof with small steps. The wooden shingles were dry and provided secure footing, and when they crossed over the peak, they could see the inner courtyard and castle.
Jon crept to the roof edge and peered over. The walkway was a three foot drop below them, but the overhanging roof could make getting down hard. We should hurry down,” he said. “No one’s coming.”
“I don’t see Samuel and Othan down there,” commented Dorthea.
“There’s no telling where they are,” said Jon.
Jon let Dorthea down by her arms, and by subtly swinging her inward, she was able to grab the railing and get down on the walkway. Jon did the same, hanging from the roof and swinging so Dorthea could grab his legs and draw him in. A quick, inward push from the roof and Jon was safely down, but the sound of his shoes striking the wooden walkway was distinct and the pair caught their collective breath. To their relief, all seemed quiet.
A guard tower was but a few steps away, and there they found a stairway to the courtyard. They had just reached solid ground when they heard footsteps approaching on the walkway above them.
“What was it you heard, Deter?” asked a voice.
“I swear I heard something fall, Philo,” said a second voice.
“There are weird things going on,” said Philo. “The gate keeper said two men appeared inside the gate. Do you believe in ghosts, Deter?”
“Forget it. There's no such thing as a ghost, but there are magicians. Kind of scary, I’d say.” The footsteps shuffled past, and the voices soon died away.
Jon and Dorthea studied the courtyard, looking for a way to approach the castle unseen. Moonlight created a crazy patchwork of swaying, silver and black patterns on the grass, leaving the shadows tenuous and unsecure for cover. Perhaps the motion would serve to conceal them.



24: The Mind-Speaker


The clip clop of hooves and rattle of carriage wheels on a nearby cobblestone street briefly relieved the quiet and gave Jon and Dorthea the courage to run from the wall to the nearest tree. As they paused to see if they’d been noticed, a door in the castle opened and a plump woman in a white hat appeared. She dumped a bucket of peelings onto a compost pile before returning through the same door, leaving it slightly ajar.
“Let’s go in there,” Jon suggested. “If it’s the kitchen, there’ll be no guards to avoid. The mind-speaker isn’t telling me how we can best go in. Perhaps the witch is awake and listening in.”
Dorthea gave a little shiver. “I shouldn’t have come,” she said.
“It’s a little late to change your mind now,” said Jon.
They entered the partially open door, trying to look decisive. Actually, it was more dangerous in the courtyard than the kitchen. Once inside, the clatter of pans greeted them, and they saw two women kneading large batches of dough on a heavy, oaken table. A third woman, the plump lady they’d seen before, was peeling potatoes from a pile on the counter and dropping them into a large crock. The latter saw them first.
“What do you two want?” she asked sharply.
“Is Deter around?” Jon asked.
“Deter who?”
“Deter, uh…we were supposed to meet Uncle Deter.”
“There’s no Deter here.”
“Now, wait just a minute!” said one of the other two. “You go through the Atrium like everyone else. This kitchen is not a Palace entry.” Her words were left behind as Jon and Dorthea hastened through the kitchen and left through another door.
The two now found themselves in a large and beautiful hall, well lit by the gas lamps that were fastened to the marble walls. The plastered ceiling was three stories above the floor and covered with frescoes of bold design. Carved statues of black granite stood in recessed cubicles spaced around the room, while oil paintings of a succession of dignified rulers graced the blue hued walls. One particular painting drew their attention. The gentleman in this painting had a penetrating gaze and a full, white beard. Under the portrait was a gold plate with the simple inscription: General Samstiss.
In the following portrait, they saw a beautiful, young girl with dark hair and eager eyes. Jon pointed to the plaque below which read: “To Joni. May there always be daisies beneath your feet.”
“I can’t believe this is my mother,” muttered Dorthea. “How could she change so much?”
Another portrait that drew their attention was of a very tall, young man dressed in a bronze breast plate and holding a carved, wooden staff. Jon felt a chill up his spine as he saw the blue eyes and commanding gaze. Inscribed in the plate below this one was the name Danil.
“That’s the Searcher himself, Dorthea,” whispered Jon.
“Let’s go,” begged Dorthea, tugging on his arm. “I’m afraid of this place.”
“Sure, let’s find Othan and Sam.”
Two maids stepped off a spiral staircase and passed them, each carrying a basket of linens on their way to the laundry. They didn’t give Jon and Dorthea a second glance, which was encouraging. Maybe the youths were blending in better than they thought.
The two continued down the great hall when Dorthea stopped suddenly. “There’s a Force-field ahead,” she whispered.
They shrank behind a statue and waited, breathless. After a time, however, it became obvious the Force-field hadn’t moved.
“I think it might be Othan’s Force-field,” said Dorthea. “It feels like his, anyway.
They tiptoed to a hallway and Jon peeped around the corner. To his delight, he saw Samuel seated glumly on a chair, his elbow on his leg and his chin in his hand. Othan stood nearby, a sour expression on his thin face.
“Squart!” Samuel cried out when he saw them.
“Shut up, Hoss!” hissed Othan, but he cast a relieved look at Jon and Dorthea. “Where have you two been?”
“It’s kind of a long story,” said Jon.
“Well, don’t bore us with it now,” Othan said, shaking his bald head. “You’ve wasted a lot of precious time.”
“You’re lucky we’re here at all!” said Dorthea indignantly. “You awoke the guards.”
“By the way, how did you get inside?” asked Othan curiously.
“We went over the wall by the hay wagon,” said Dorthea with a grimace. “My legs still itch.” She reached down and scratched them just to prove it.
“Well, let’s find Gabriel and be done with this business before the witch awakens.”
“Where will we find him?” asked Dorthea.
“He said to meet him in Samstiss’s second floor library.”
“I’m just glad to be off a horse,” said Samuel, stretching his legs. “Walking aint as bad as I thought it was.”
Othan led the way to the spiral staircase as if he knew exactly where to go. There was a uniformed guard at the bottom, slumped on a chair and fast asleep. They stole around him and ascended the stairway.
“It’s unreal how big this house is,” whispered Dorthea, when they had reached the next floor.
“It’s not just a house, Missy,” said Othan. “This is a Queen’s palace, filled with servants, guests and residents. The witch probably has it full of her friends. It’s like a city inside the city.”
“I’ve never been in such a big building,” said Samuel. “I couldn’t bump my head anywhere.”
They found themselves in a wide hall. Othan put his finger to his lips and crept to the first doorway on the right. He opened it slightly to reveal and empty room, and motioned the others to follow him in.
They had entered a large, well-lit room that was filled with shelves and shelves of well-worn, ancient looking books.
“This room hasn’t changed except for that,” said Othan, pointing to a tall, narrow mirror standing near a closet door. It was striking, with the clearest glass Jon had ever seen. An intricately embossed bone border encircled it.
“Othan, is that you?”
Jon and Othan started at the mind-voice.
“Did you hear the mind-speaker, Lad?” asked Othan.
“I did,” said Jon.
“Hello Jon. I’ve been waiting to see you.”
Jon backed away nervously. There was no-one in the room but the companions, yet the voice seemed very close.
"We have a very short time to talk, so let us not waste it," said the speaker.
“Where are you, son?” asked Othan.
“You’re looking at me. I am the bone mirror.”
Othan gasped audibly. “Gabriel! What happened to you?”
“Hros hit me on the head, and I awoke in this form.”
“You mean you’ve been a mirror for sixteen years?” asked Othan.
“Actually, I only remember the last three weeks as being a mirror,” said Gabriel. “I don’t know what I was before that. I was unaware of anything. It’s only lately that the witch has made a push for the flask, and she placed the mirror spell on me to change me into a useful tool. It hasn’t been so bad. The new spell brought me awake and gave me a way to see you and speak with you.”
“Jon, is the mirror your mind-speaker?” asked Dorthea. She couldn't hear the mind-speaker talk, but she surmised the association from hearing Jon and Othan speaking.
“Yes, it is,” said Jon.
“Are those your bones framing the looking glass?” asked Othan.
“Yes, but I’ve no pain, despite how it looks.”
Dorthea gasped. “Those are his bones?” she asked.
“Well, I’ll be a tinhorn!” exclaimed Samuel.
“It’s a beastly spell,” said Othan.
“Forget about it. I’m so happy you’re here that I could shimmer.”
“Pappy tells me you’re my dad,” said Jon.
“He’s right about that. I didn’t know your mom was expecting when we started out on our quest for the flask.”
“Gabriel didn’t even know he had a son until I told him by mind-speak,” said Othan.
“I was so happy when he told me about you that I looked for you immediately and found you on the furrier’s cart.”
“This is great,” said Jon with enthusiasm. “All my life I thought you were dead. By the way, where is my mother?”
There was a moment of silence before Othan spoke. “Your mother didn’t survive your birth, Lad.”
“It was a hard thing to wake up to,” said Gabriel, “but I’ve taken consolation in knowing that I have you now.”
“I surely never expected you to be like this,” said Jon. “By the way, thanks for warning me about the Searcher back on that dusty road. I thought I was losing my mind when I first heard you speak in my head.”
“I noticed.”
“Why did the Searcher slow his horse by the wagon? What was he looking for?”
“Everyone that has a Force-field has an aura, Lad. Yours is tenuous without your Force-field, but it may be what the Searcher sensed in you.
“No-one knows why you can conceal your Force-field, Lad,” said Othan. “You’re the first with that ability that we know of.”
“It’s spooky, that’s what it is,” declared Dorthea.
“Are there other mind-speakers?” asked Jon. “Maybe the witch can hear you mind-speaking to us.”
“Women can’t mind-speak, Lad,” said Othan.
“Says who?” demanded Dorthea.
“That’s a thing only men can do, and rightly so,” said Othan. “It’s always been that way.”
That’s not right, I think,” said Dorthea skeptically.
“It is right enough,” said the skinny man. “Women don’t need to do that anyhow.”
Dorthea faced the old man belligerently. “You are so far off the beam you’re in a hole!” she shot back.
“Stop it, Othan,” said Gabriel, annoyed. “This isn’t a good time to debate your prehistoric values. Besides, I can mind-speak only by virtue of the unfortunate spell cast on me. It has nothing to do with gender.”
“I know that but she doesn’t,” said Othan sheepishly.
“There are no other mind-speakers, period.”
“Where did you hide the flask?” asked Othan impatiently. “Let’s be done with this business while there is still time.”
Gabriel cleared his throat. “It’s not going to be as easy as all that. You see, I don’t know where it is.”
Othan frowned. “Well, where was it when you last saw it?”
“I had it concealed inside my shirt.”
The old man scratched a hollow cheek. "In Samstiss’s day, the closet was his portal into the Way of Gates, but I think you have become the new portal. That’s the only way this spell, and your ability to see things no one else can see, makes any sense. If you are the new portal, and if the flask was in your shirt when you were first struck with the spell, then I'll wager the flask is in the Way of Gates.”
“I didn’t know Samstiss’s portal was in the closet,” said Gabriel.
“It was. I followed him through one day.”
“You’ve been in the Way of the Gates?”
“I was invited by Wysel. Can you imagine? I was to be part of Samstiss’s assembly of wizards at one time. When I saw how deeply they were delving into black-magic and how hateful and suspicious they were becoming of each other, I withdrew from the lot of them. Lucky for me, I’d say. A day later they had a falling out. Samstiss took the flask and left the others stranded in the parallel world a billion light years from here.”
“It’s a wonder they didn’t kill him when he returned,” said Jon.”
“I’m sure they would have,” said Othan.
“Do you mean they’re still there?” asked Samuel.
“They’re still there, partner.”
“Why didn’t Samstiss go back for them?” Dorthea wanted to know.
“That must have been some argament,” said Samuel.
“The old sorcerer was murdered later that night and couldn’t have returned if he wanted to,” Othan replied.
“I heard he was thrown into Graolgasp by the Searcher at Joanna’s request,” said Gabriel. “That’s how she came to acquire her father’s flask.”
“That’s right!” said Othan with conviction. “Joanna murdered her father for his flask and the spell that went with it.”
“What a terrible person she is!” exclaimed Dorthea. “Why, she’s just like a…a witch!”
“I’ve seen men hiding in the silent world from the Searcher,” commented Gabriel. "He goes there frequently and is feared by all."
Othan nodded. “I’m afraid of him, sure enough. Even Samstiss fears him.”
“This doesn’t make sense to me,” said Jon. “If the flask is in the Way of the Gates, those deserted magicians could use it to leave, couldn’t they?”
“Maybe they couldn’t find it,” said the mirror.
“None of them could invoke the spell anyway,” said Othan, rubbing his thin, white beard. “They depended on Samstiss for that. Now, if I’m right, we can go look for it ourselves by walking through Gabriel. The flask will be there. There’s no other place it could be.”
“I never thought of such an idea,” said Gabriel.
“That’s a good thing,” replied Othan. “You may have betrayed your thoughts to the witch.”
“Maybe the magicians found it and are holding it, waiting for someone to come and invoke the spell for them,” said Jon.
“I think Gabriel would have known about that,” said Othan.
“The magicians do not have it,” said Gabriel. “The Searcher would have known, and if he knew, the witch would know. Why then would she send her fighting men into the southlands to look for it?”
“Good point,” said Jon.
“Won’t the mirror break into little pieces if you walk through him?” asked Dorthea.
“The only way that mirror can break is if someone reverses the spell,” replied Othan.
“If you’re right about the portal, the witch could have gone into the Way of the Gates without the flask. What a joke!”
“Yes she could have, but she would still need the flask to return or to cast the spell. On the other hand, if the flask is in there and she found it…”
The old man walked over to the mirror and tentatively reached a toe toward it, slowly pushing it into the mirror’s surface. It disappeared into the glass.
“I guess that answers our question,” said Othan. “No question you’re a portal into something.”
“I wouldn’t push my foot in too far,” cautioned Gabriel. “I’ve seen demons beyond.”
“You’re right,” said Othan, hastily withdrawing his foot.



25: The Riddle


“There’s only one way to find out where you lead, Gabriel,” said Othan. “Someone has to go through you and see what is there.”
“That someone would be you, dad,” said Gabriel.
Othan shook his head." I can’t destroy the flask because I’m not of the lineage of Samstiss. Besides, I couldn’t hide from the demons because of my Force-field. Dorthea is the only one that can destroy the flask, which is why she had to come with us, and Jon must take her there.”
“That’s a revolting thought,” said Dorthea. “My relatives are criminals and it is my job to undo their crimes?”
“I’m sorry for you, even if we’re at odds a lot,” said Othan. “Serah was right to take you away from here.”
“How exactly did Serah figure into this wild account?” asked the girl.
“Serah was the witch’s chambermaid when you were born,” said Othan. “She was to strangle you to eliminate your threat to the flask, but she kidnapped and smuggled you to Sanbalem instead. She hoped her brother could protect you from the witch’s wrath.”
“Wow, that’s tough, Dorthea!” said Samuel. “I’m not sure I’d believe everything Othan says.”
“That’s a fine thing to say,” said Othan huffily.
“You’re secretive,” said Samuel, nodding his head in agreement, “And you’ve said some fantastic things.”
“Amen,” said Dorthea.
“I don’t have time to listen to this,” said Othan shrilly. “Someone has to go through the mirror and find the flask before we can be done with this business, and it should be Jon and the girl, because he can hide his Force-field and she can invoke the spell of the Undergate. Without that, they can’t return.”
“My name is Dorthea,” she said.
“I’ll help you, Dorthea,” said Jon.
“Me too,” said Samuel.
“Take a look at that mirror, Hoss,” said Othan. “Tell me you can crawl through that skinny thing.”
Samuel was crestfallen. “But I’d like to help them.”
“You can come with me,” said Othan, in a kinder tone of voice. “We’ll make sure we’re here when they come back with the flask.”
“Wait a minute,” said Samuel. “Isn’t she going destroy it?”
“Oh, no, no!” cried Othan. “Do not to destroy the flask while you’re there. If you do, you’ll destroy the Way of the Gates, which would leave you a billion light years away from here with no way home.”
Dorthea glared at the old man. “Your instructions seem a little insufficient!” she said. "What else have you forgotten?"
“Nothing, I think,” said Othan.
“What exactly do we have to do?” asked Jon.
“Just enter the mirror, find the flask, activate the spell, and you’ll be back here in no time,” said Othan.
Dorthea gave Othan another withering look. “Are you going to mention how to activate the spell, or did you forget about that too?”
Othan was embarrassed. “It’s easy,” he said. “Samstiss would say ‘Awaken, thyme’ to start the spell, and it ended when he left for the real world.”
“You’ll have to do it all without our help, Lad,” said the Gabriel. “It’s impossible for me to talk to you while you’re in the parallel world. I can only watch you, and I’m sure the witch will be watching with me.”
“How can we hope to find the flask in there?” asked Jon. “If those sorcerers couldn’t find it in sixteen years, how will we?”
Othan looked bemused. “I can’t help you there,” he murmured.
“There is one more thing, Lad,” said the mind-speaker. “There is a poem of instruction inside the cover of the book in the top desk drawer. I overheard the witch telling Antone about it. Find it, will you?”
Jon found the book and opened the cover. As Gabriel had mentioned, there was a folded sheet inside. The poem was written in an eloquent hand.
“Read it aloud, son.”
Jon began to read:

“Just below the templed hill, see the pool lie cold and still
Thou, whom the serpent hates, lead me to the secret gates.

Do not turn, do not stray and lead me through the secret way,
Through hallowed halls of times gone past, of neighbors long since laid to rest.

“In the Temple of the Sun, I’m a remnant, my day is done,
I’m a marker filled with pride to take you to the other side.

“I come the way of my secret world to depart the way of the serpent curled,
His lidless eyes are searching, telling me of the gate of his utter dwelling.”

“What does it mean?” asked Jon, folding the paper and placing it in his pocket.
“I don’t know what it means,” said Gabriel. “It’s a riddle, after all. As long as you don’t lose the paper, you should have the clues you need to return.”
“Remember now, you’ll find the gates in the Temple of the Sun!” said Othan. “I’ve seen them there.”
“This is all wrong,” said Dorthea disconsolately. “My family is an embarrassment to me, and you…” she glared at Othan, “you keep coming up with things that we have to remember in order to return.”
“We’ll be okay, Dorthea,” said Jon. “I’ll help you do whatever is needed.”
There was silence for a minute, as they watched Dorthea to see what she would do.
Dorthea tried to think it through, and shook her head despairingly. She must find a needle in a haystack just because she shared blood with a bad sorcerer? Having Jon along was little consolation either. She hardly knew the boy, and he was a sorcerer himself. She was sick to death of sorcerers.
Yet, she could see the need to destroy the wicked spell. Maybe it was up to her to right her family’s wrongs.
“I hear something in the hall,” whispered Gabriel. “The witch or her counselor mustn’t see you go through me, or they will know how to follow!”
That was enough to convince Dorthea. She dipped one leg into the mirror, and then ducked her head in, then followed with the rest of her. Jon was close behind, though he was forced to enter sideways.
As they passed into the glass, they became a shimmering image that those left behind could see. They were in the parallel world and remained visible on the mirror’s surface.
A second later, the library door closed softly.
“Someone was eavesdropping on us!” exclaimed Othan, and he rushed into the hall.
“Who was it?” asked Gabriel, when the old man returned.
“There’s no one there,” replied Othan. “I could have sworn I heard something.”
“What should we do now?” asked Samuel.
“I wonder if we should take Gabriel away from here?” said Othan, smoothing his discolored moustache. “I believe we could get away with it.”
“I think you should leave,” said Gabriel. “Someone knows you’re here now.”
“But what about you?” asked Othan.
“I’ve already been here for a while,” said the bone mirror dryly. “Leave me so I can see what the witch does. If I need to, I know how I can communicate with you.”



26: A Parallel World


Antone had heard nearly everything that had been said, and he had seen the teen-agers step through the mirror. He was surprised by what he’d seen and berated himself for not being sharp enough to figure it out for himself. It was so simple, yet Wysel hadn’t told him the mirror was the new portal into the Way of the Gates. He would tell Joanna about Othan’s idea that the flask was inside the mirror. Even if it were true, it would be risky to go into that world without the flask in hand. He’d dreamed for years of using the flask, with the Queen’s cooperation of course. With Joanna by his side, he would enter that faraway world. He shivered at the possibilities. The Queen’s powers were so tremendous, and with the authority of the spell at their disposal...
Antone had been Samstiss’s advisor when the sorcerer was still in power, and he’d taken the liberty of doing certain things his way without Samstiss knowing. Now, with Joanna on the throne, he almost never mentioned his actions to her. Honesty wasn’t a virtue, for it seldom got you what you wanted.
The Searcher had always followed the commands brought by the ravens, thinking they came directly from the Queen, and Antone always sent the birds without the Queen’s knowledge. He smiled to himself, knowing that the Searcher followed his orders. Antone knew Danil. The demon would turn a place upside down to find the talisman if he thought it was there, and when he found it, he would bring it to the witch and the fun would begin. Antone rubbed his hands in excitement.
Witch! He grinned with satisfaction. That was a good one. He had covered all his bases, especially by feeding faulty information to the man of the mirror.
He climbed the stairs to his third floor apartment. Even at this late hour, there were maids on duty. Antone had made it clear that the maids were never welcome in his private rooms. No one had a key to his apartment, not even the Queen, though she could certainly gain access if she wanted to. As he climbed the steps, he was formulating a plan. He would send a raven with an important message and then bring the mirror to his apartment where Othan could no longer access it.
He stopped in the kitchen for a sack of cracked corn and opened the cage of his favorite message carrier. This one he kept inside.
“A message we have today, Ra,” he crooned. “A message you must carry to our demonic friend.” So saying, he wrote a quick note and tied it to the raven’s leg.
The bird hopped to his wrist as he continued to the balcony where he kept other ravens. The minute he stepped through the balcony door, however, he sensed something was dreadfully wrong. The cages had been knocked over, and he heard a low rumble coming from the shadows by the balustrade. Upon closer scrutiny, he saw a blood walker crouched there, lips drawn in a silent snarl and revealing razor sharp teeth. There was a black feather on the culprit’s cheek, and the remains of a bird were grasped in his claw like hands.
Antone’s first emotion was anger, but he fought to suppress it. He feared the blood walkers, and had never used one as a messenger. The beasts were no more manageable than wild animals, and he could never understand how Samstiss or Ophemus could stomach them.
Antone forced himself to be calm. He tossed Ra into the air, wanting to make sure the message was sent, and then he retrieved the cage and placed it back on its stand. Slowly, he turned to face the little beast.
“I have a message for Danil,” he said. “Tell your friend that the youngsters have entered the parallel world and the talisman is there.”
The blood walker continued to glare at him, and Antone shivered. “Go now!” he cried. “I command you to do as I say in the name of the Queen.”
The snarl became a howl and the red man leaped at Antone. Before the vizier could react, the beast had bitten deep into his neck. Antone struggled to free himself but wasn’t strong enough. It was only when the blood-walker leaped to the balcony rail and disappeared down the stone wall of the castle that he was rid of him.
Antone tried to sit up but was too weak. “Joanna!” he called, though he knew no help would come. He fell back and died in a pool of his own blood.

At first, Jon and Dorthea felt like they were on the edge of awareness. Everything was brilliant white, as if they travelled at an unimaginable speed, and there was absolutely no sound to be heard. When the world stopped reeling around them, they hardly recognized the fact that they were in the witch’s library. Everything was in total disarray, with shelves knocked over and books lying about on the floor. Othan and Samuel were missing from the room, too. The teens were truly in the parallel world.
“The mirror is gone!” cried Dorthea. “How will we ever get back?”
“We have to find the Undergate, remember?” said Jon. “That should take us back through the mirror.”
“I’d forgotten already,” said Dorthea.”
“The riddle will tell us what to do,” said Jon. “Now, how does it go again?”
“Just below the…pool…uh, I’ve forgotten it already!” Dorthea cried. “Do you still have the sheet it was written on?”
“I put in my pocket,” said Jon. He dug in his trousers pocket until he found it. “Here it is.”
He read the first stanza.

“Just below the templed hill, see the pool lie cold and still
Thou, whom the serpent hates, lead me to the secret gates.

“We have to find a pool first,” said Dorthea. “And a temple. Wherever will we find a temple?”
“The Way of Gates is a mirror of the real world, so where there’s a temple in the real world, there’s one here,” spoke Jon.
“Good,” said Dorthea hopefully. “We’re still in Bleumont. There must be a temple close by the castle, and that is where we'll find the Undergate.”
“There’s something else we have to find, first,” said Jon. “I don’t think the Undergate is here until we find the flask and you invoke the spell.”
The logical place to search for the flask was in Samstiss’s library, which was right where they were. After all, the bone mirror was in the library in the real world. The heavy oak desk by the wall was about the only piece of furniture still in its rightful place. They searched the drawers first, and found nothing, so they turned their attention to the books piled on the desk. They had no more luck there.
The flask could be lying in the mess on the floor, or it could be on a few of the still standing shelves. They searched in all the obvious places, and then some of the not so obvious, like among the pages of the books on the floor, but there was nothing that resembled a leather flask.
While looking through the books, they saw that many of the pages told of potions and spells, and dealt with a dark magic that was unfamiliar to them.
Jon opened the closet door and peeked in. The floor was intact, and it was just an ordinary closet with a few books on a shelf. “I wonder if these are special books,” he mused.
“Let’s look through them,” said Dorthea. “Perhaps we’ll find a clue.”
“That’s an idea,” said Jon.
They examined the books one at a time. One of them had a missing page; the torn remnant still visible in the binding. They brought the heavy book to the desk and proceeded to search it for clues that would help them.
The chapter of the missing page was all about Graolgasp, the pit of demons that had been created by sorcerers of the past. It read that anyone entering Graolgasp would acquire eternal life, but further along in new writing the book contradicted itself. The later writing stated that selfish sorcerers had poisoned the pool with black-magic, and when they entered its waters to absorb the promised benefits they were transformed into demons that could never leave the pit and would never die. There was a handwritten postscript which spoke of a way to leave the pit for the parallel world, but the following page was the one that was missing.
“This must be the page taken by that man to give to the Searcher,” said Jon. “If there’s an alternate way of escape from here through the pit, the demons in this empty world should have left by now.”
“Not necessarily,” said Dorthea. “The Searcher wouldn’t show them the way. Sympathy isn’t one of his virtues.”
“The page was only readable in the waters of the demon lake,” said Jon.
“That’s true. I hope it was kept away from the demons already in the lake.”
“I guess so. I hope there is no-one innocent swimming in there.”
“Shouldn’t we be looking for the flask instead of reading these horrid, old books?” asked Dorthea.
“We could look outside,” said Jon. “This room is such a mess. I have an idea the magicians caused the clutter by looking for the flask. There’s no use to look in here anymore.”
They left the room, and Jon reached for the latch of a door across the hall.
“You’re not going to open that door, are you?” asked Dorthea in alarm. “That could be the witch’s bedroom.”
She suddenly clapped her hand over her mouth. “I hope she didn’t hear me.”
“This is the parallel world, remember?” said Jon. “The spell is inactive and the witch won’t be here.”
“But what about the mirror?” Dorthea asked.
“That’s different.”
They descended the circular staircase and a hopeless feeling overcame them. It was a huge world, and the flask could be anywhere.
“I wonder what the demons look like,” said Dorthea nervously. “Will we even be able to see them?”
“We’re going to find the flask quickly and go home,” said Jon firmly. “They’ll never see us.”
“I hope you’re right.”
The pair reached the marbled floor of the great hall. Their whisperings and slapping shoes seemed loud in the otherwise absolute quiet. They passed the suits of armor displayed in the wall cubicles, and the pictures they had seen on the wall before.
Dorthea stopped in front of the painting of Joanna. Tears welled up in her eyes “I didn’t even get to know her,” she whispered.
The lamps on the wall were inexplicably burning with live fire. “Now how do you suppose that works?” Jon muttered, staring at the lamps. The lamps hadn’t been stilled. Time was continuing here, the same as in the real world.
They looked in at the kitchen door and could see breakfast was in preparation, but there were no cooks. A large pot was floating across the room by itself. Othan had said inanimate objects were in the parallel world but people weren’t. It was beginning to make sense.
They continued down the hall and soon found themselves in a large, open ended atrium with a high, domed ceiling. Straight ahead, they could see rows of pillars supporting the long span that bridged the portico, and beyond that was the weak light of early dawn.
“What a beautiful place!” breathed Dorthea.
The floor of the domed room was made of cut and polished marble. The walls were blue granite, as were the tall Corinthian pillars outside. All furnishings were made of exotic hardwoods, and the benches were fitted with plush, red cushions.
Their footfalls echoed hollowly as they passed through the domed room and onto the wide steps that led from the portico. The great courtyard spread out below them. Over the outer wall they could see the city in the morning’s light, and it was beautiful indeed. The pie-wedge streets were less marked than they had been when highlighted in gaslight, but it was beautiful to see how they radiated outward from the palace, as spokes on a wheel joined at the hub. The tire was the curved shoreline of the Great Sea. For a moment, they enjoyed the breathless scene before them.
“The temperature is mild,” said Dorthea. “It seems the same here as if we were in the real world. The morning is coming and the season remains the same. Othan said time doesn’t stop in the real world unless the spell is active.”
“The lamps are burning here as they would in the real world,” said Jon. “Time must continue here always, whether the spell is on or off.”
“I wonder if Othan and Samuel are hiding in the library…” Dorthea suddenly gasped and put her hand to her mouth. “Oh no! Someone could be listening in the mirror.”
Jon nodded. It was an uncomfortable feeling to think the witch could be watching them even now and hearing everything that they said. What would she do if she knew Othan and Samuel were hanging around?
“I wish there was a riddle to help find…it. An easy one that is,” said Dorthea.
“There isn’t one,” said Jon. “No one knows where it is, so how could they write a riddle about it?”
They went down the stone steps to the courtyard. The familiar sounds of birds and insects were missing, but every tree and flower from the real world was there. A light breeze made a familiar rustling sound in the trees. It was good to hear the natural sound.
“The flask must not be far from here,” said Dorthea hopefully. “Othan said Gabriel lost it when he was hit by the spell…” Again she put her hand to her mouth.
“It’s alright,” said Jon. “The secret is out. We have to talk to each other or we’ll both go crazy.”
“What I mean is, the flask should be close by the castle, since this is where it disappeared,” Dorthea finished lamely.
Jon shrugged. “Who’s to know? I’d say it’s the best place to look, but if we can’t find it here, we’ll have to move on.”
They searched the grounds of the courtyard extensively. Thank goodness the grass was short, probably having been cut recently, or maybe even in the process of being cut. They found nothing; there were not even sticks littering the beautifully manicured lawn. The groundskeepers had been hard at work.
They searched the gardens and the fountains. They looked in the hedges and along the outer wall of the courtyard. It just didn’t seem the flask was on the castle grounds.
The sun was high in the sky and the air was warming nicely. It would be a pretty day. Too bad they were spending it in this forsaken place. It had seemed so exciting to hear Othan talk about the parallel world, but now that they were here, it was no longer appealing.
“This is just hopeless,” said Dorthea, after they’d come together from searching in separate places. “Two people will never find such a little thing.”
“The castle grounds are pretty big,” Jon admitted. “Maybe we should look inside the castle again. We really didn’t spend enough time in there.”
“The castle is so big!” she exclaimed. “It would take months to look through that monstrous building.”
“I know, but everything is big here. The city of Bleumont is big, and so is Caelhaden. This parallel world is just as big as the one we’ve come from.”
“Now, look here,” said Dorthea, with a deep frown. “I don’t plan to spend the rest of my life looking for the flask in this parallel world.” She dropped grumpily on a stone bench and took off her oversized shoes to rub her sore feet. “These shoes Othan fixed aren’t shaped right.”
“We can’t leave here without the flask,” Jon reminded her. “We can’t quit looking if we want to go back, and we have lives in the real world. We have to go back.”
“My life at home was turned upside down when mother died,” said Dorthea with a sigh. “I’ll have to put it all back together again when we get home. It seems so hopeless.”
“Hey, we could go to our homes here in the parallel world,” suggested Jon.
“I’d love to go home,” said Dorthea. “I’m tired, my feet hurt and my hair is stringy. I feel like I haven’t been clean in a month.”
“Nobody would be at my Uncle’s house,” said Jon gloomily. “It would be empty.”
“You’re not cheering me up, Jon.”
“Let's go back to the castle for the rest of the daylight,” Jon said. “At night, it will be dark as a tomb in there.” Just as he turned to go he saw movement out of the corner of his eye.
“What is it?” asked Dorthea, alarm in her voice. She jumped to her feet and looked in the direction of his gaze.
A lion was watching them, a different looking lion than they had ever seen. His fur was spotty and singed black, and his dark skin was drawn tight. His colorless eyes watched them steadily.
“Don’t move, Dorthea,” whispered Jon. “If the lion sees movement, he’s going to come running.”
“I’ll run…too,” she choked.
“Don’t do it,” said Jon, catching her hand.
They stood frozen, waiting to see what the lion would do. It was slightly panting from the warmth of the sun shining on its parched skin. Then slowly, ever so slightly, he started creeping toward them on his belly. After three or four agonizingly slow steps, he suddenly charged.
“Run for it!” shouted Jon, yanking Dorthea’s arm.



27: Perry and Abeezer


Dorthea dropped her shoes and sprinted for the castle with Jon close behind. The lion was fast, and Jon saw that they would never make it to the safety of the castle. All he had was a knife, more like a dagger perhaps, and the ability to use Force-fire, the latter of which he was reluctant to use here because of Othan’s warnings. Dorthea had no weapons, but she had pluck. She turned and angrily faced the lion, even as it leaped for her. At the last moment, Dorthea jumped to one side and the lion landed squarely on Jon. Suddenly pinned, Jon stabbed desperately at the animal’s underbelly, scoring a deep cut that made the lion jump away.
Jon leaped up and braced for the second charge which never came. An arrow whistled in from nowhere and sank deep into the lion’s chest. The wounded animal was knocked on its side from the momentum of the bolt. A second arrow struck it in the neck and it lay still.
Two men burst from the corner of the castle, one with a raised sword and the other holding a bow. They approached the lion cautiously and prodded it.
“It’s dead,” spoke the heavy set man with the bow.”
“That was a fine shot, Abeezer,” said the other.
Then the two men turned to Jon and Dorthea.
“Where did you come from?” asked the man with the sword. He was heavy, too, but since he was the taller of the two he didn’t appear so round.
“You came just in time!” cried Dorthea.
“I’m Abeezer and this is Perry,” said the shorter man with the bow. “In all the years we’ve been here, we’ve never seen anyone but the demons.”
“I’m Dorthea,” said the girl. She held out her hand with a smile.
“And I’m Jon,” said the boy. “Thanks for shooting the lion.” He was mentally kicking himself for not being quick to use his gift of Force-fire. He had nearly gotten them both killed because of his hesitancy.
“You must have just come here from the real world,” said Perry. He had a salt and pepper beard and long hair.
Abeezer was bearded too, but he appeared younger than Perry.
“We did come from the real world,” said Dorthea, “and we actually came willingly. Can you believe that?”
The men looked at each other and smiled. “We did the same thing sixteen years ago,” said Abeezer, “but we’d like to go home.”
“I understand,” said Jon. “Could I ask why there is a lion here? We were told there were no animals in this world.”
“He was a demon and a shape-changer,” said Abeezer. “There are no real animals.”
“So that’s what the demons look like,” said Jon. “We were wondering.”
We haven’t slept since midnight," said Dorthea. "Is there a safe place where we can rest?”
“We have homes,” said Perry, “though they’re in another city.”
“Can you take us there?” asked Dorthea.
“I don’t see why not,” replied Perry. “We were on our way home when we saw you.”
“We ate lunch in the Palace kitchen,” said Abeezer with a grin. “They have the best food there.”
“Come along,” said Perry. “We can talk as we go. Our homes are in Cerea, which is an eight mile walk to the sea.”
“I’ll need to put on my shoes,” said Dorthea as she sat on the ground. “I’m so glad to see there are good people here, too.”
“Well, we’re the only two,” said Perry.
As Dorthea tugged on her boots, Abeezer and Perry exchanged puzzled glances at how poorly they fit.
“Don’t ask,” said Jon. “She may start crying.”
“I just might,” said Dorthea. “You would, too, if you were in my shoes, so to speak.”
“Did you ever see two gates side by side around here?” asked Jon.
“There are lots of gates,” said Abeezer.
“We have a riddle that we don’t understand,” said Jon. “Perhaps you could make sense of it. Will you read it to them, Dorthea?”
She took the crumpled paper from his hand and read it aloud.

“Just below the templed hill, see the pool lie cold and still,
Thou, whom the serpent hates, lead me to the secret gates.

“Do not turn, do not stray and lead me through the secret way,
Through hallowed halls of times gone past, of neighbors long since laid to rest.

“In the Temple of the Sun, I’m a remnant, my day is done,
I’m a marker filled with pride; I’ll take you to the other side.

“I come the way of my secret world, to depart the way of the serpent curled,
His lidless eyes are searching, telling, me of the gate of his utter dwelling.”

“I don’t know,” said Perry, shaking his head. “It sounds like a fancy way of quoting hooey to me.”
“There has to be meaning to it,” Dorthea insisted. “Why else would it have been written?”
“Well, maybe so,” said Abeezer, “but nobody is here to translate it for us.”
“We can figure it out,” said Jon. “First we’ll find a templed hill that has a pool nearby.”
“Say,” said Perry, “there is a pool by the temple in Cerea."
“We swim in that pool sometimes," said Abeezer. "In the real world, it was forbidden to swim there.”
“That’s why we do it here,” chuckled Perry.
The comrades left the courtyard and passed through the gates. The hay wagon that Jon and Dorthea had climbed only hours before was gone. The time was near midday, probably the most active time of the day in the real world. The market place would be very busy. The marketers and customers would be lining the streets under the colorful awnings and shaded from the heat of the sun.
Jon’s eyes wandered to the dilapidated shack of the blacksmith on the end of Market Street, and he paused. He could imagine the smithy at his anvil, his arm raised high in the act of hammering a red hot rod.
He rubbed his eyes when he thought he saw the hammer move. It wasn’t his imagination at all. As he watched, the hammer struck a red hot piece on the anvil. There was no real-world ring of metal striking metal. The only sounds in the parallel world were the ones caused by the unfortunate inhabitants, or the natural sounds like running water and wind.
Dorthea smiled as she saw Jon’s longing gaze and his blissful countenance.
“Look Dorthea, he’s making a horseshoe.”
“Who is?”
“The blacksmith,” said Jon.
“I’m hungry,” said Dorthea.
“There’s plenty of food,” said Perry, indicating Market Street. A row of tents lined the street, with laden tables beneath their sheltering tops. “If you see something that tickles your fancy, eat it.”
“How does all this food get here?” asked Dorthea, looking in wonder at the fruits and vegetables.”
Perry shrugged. “I don’t know. It just appears.”
There were tables with all manner of fruits and vegetables, baked goods, pickles, jams, cheeses and sauces. At one table, there was a coal-burning grill with fish frying in a pan. A plate of steaming tuna fillets was on the table, and Jon hungrily snatched one and built himself a sandwich. They all found something to eat and made themselves at home. A basket of grapes was lifted onto the table by unseen hands, and it bumped Abeezer’s elbow on the way up. There was no tipping of the basket. It was as if Abeezer wasn’t even there. Abeezer didn’t react either, for the two men had seen it many times before.
“I wonder what happens in the real world when something comes up missing,” commented Dorthea, taking a big bite from an apple.
“We don’t worry about it,” said Perry. “We have to eat, after all.”
“They have so much food they won’t miss anything we take,” said Abeezer.
“I wish I could find some shoes,” said Dorthea wistfully.
“Look around,” said Perry. “There’s bound to be some here somewhere.”
They went from table to table, but didn’t see any footwear at all.
“Perhaps leather goods are sold on a different day,” said Abeezer. “I’ve never noticed.”
Dorthea looked at her watch. “We should go so we can reach your place before it gets dark.”
“Good idea,” said Perry.”
So the comrades left town, with Dorthea carrying her shoes. As long as the road was hard paved, her feet were fine. The city gave way to the countryside, wildflowers filled the ditches, and a sweet scent filled the air. In the country, the road changed to gravel, and Dorthea had to put on her boots again.
Early afternoon became evening. The Great Sea was getting close, and the salty smell drowned out the pleasant aromas.
At last they arrived at Cerea. They passed by many beautiful homes and walked through winding streets. Cerea wasn’t built with the same symmetry of Bleumont, and one could easily get lost in the confusion of crisscrossing and dead end streets. It didn’t bother Perry and Abeezer, who easily guided their new friends through the confusing cityscape until they stood in front of a white, clapboard house with large windows.
“This is my home,” said Perry.
“Such a beautiful place!” exclaimed Dorthea. “This makes me happy.”
Perry held open the front door and they entered into the kitchen. There was a cloth covered table, and a basket of fresh fruit in the center. The cupboards were filled with plates and glasses, and the pantry lined with jars of dried vegetables and canned goods.
“This is my bedroom,” said Perry, opening another door.
“Oh my!” breathed Dorthea, her eyes fastened on the large bed.
“You will sleep here tonight, Dorthea. I was brought up well by my mother.”
“And I’m sure she’s a wonderful woman,” said Dorthea. “I hope to meet her someday.”
“I hope you do, too,” said Perry blissfully. “In fact, I wish we would wake up in the morning and be home.” A tear rolled down his cheek. “It was a long time ago we saw the wizards disappearing into a closet and we followed them.”
“Don’t worry, you can leave with us when we go,” said Dorthea.
“How are we going to do that little thing?” asked Perry, rubbing his salt and pepper beard.
“We just have to find a flask and two gates,” said Jon. “We’re leaving as soon as we find them. You can help us look.”
“That’s right,” said Dorthea. “Four pairs of eyes will make the quest go twice as fast.”
“What exactly does this flask do?” asked Abeezer.
“It’s a magic flask that was made for a spell,” said Jon. “It combines the two worlds and leaves the people unawake.”
“It’s a curse,” said Perry harshly.
“Does your mother put the food on the table?” asked Dorthea.
“I suppose so,” said Perry. “I’ll often see food move around and disappear right in front of me. I assume she ate it.”
It was nearing bedtime, so Abeezer went home to sleep in his own house, which was just next door. Jon and Perry laid out blankets and pillows on the wooden floor, and after weeks of sleeping on stony ground, it seemed quite comfortable to Jon.
“If Sam were here, you wouldn’t have enough blankets,” commented Jon with a yawn and a stretch.
“Who’s Sam?” asked Perry.
“Just a friend,” said Jon, “a very large friend. You’ll meet him one day.”
“I truly hope so,” said Perry.
When Abeezer returned in the morning, the others were already up and sharing the bacon and eggs that had come from a hot pan on the stove. What a blessing food was, and in a place like this! Maybe this world wasn’t so bad after all.
“Why are there demons here?” asked Dorthea.
“At first, there were only two demons and eight wizards,” said Perry, “but the numbers changed to more demons and fewer wizards as time passed. At first we didn’t know what was happening, and we watched the wizards and tried to learn from them. Unfortunately for them, they never figured it out, but we did. Now we’re the only non-demons around.”
“It’s actually pretty easy,” said Abeezer. “You just have to know how to defend yourself from the demons so you don’t become one. You have to be good.”
“Were you arguing or complaining when the lion appeared yesterday?” asked Perry.
“Why do you ask?” said Jon.
“Because that is what draws demons,” Abeezer answered. “They are attracted by negative things. Lying or complaining will encourage them to find you.”
“Positive thoughts will keep them away,” said Abeezer. “If it ever happens again, find something constructive to fill your mind and speak it.”
Dorthea swallowed hard, embarrassed. “I wasn’t complaining all that much,” she muttered.



28: Soliah


It was a misty night and the hour was late as Ophemus rode up to the stable behind Bleuhaden Castle. He dismounted and handed the reins to the hostler with instructions to feed the horse and keep it saddled and ready to ride. He might need to leave in a hurry.
He had learned from a blood walker that the flask was now in the parallel world and he was anxious to visit the mirror and see for himself. He often used the blood walkers to his advantage. The Searcher didn’t have an exclusive charter with them. It was too bad that squeamish Antone hadn’t learned to make friends with them. Too bad for Antone, that is.
Ophemus had also learned that Othan was close by, and he suspected the old man was making periodic visits to the mirror when the witch was away. Maybe the old man was there now, and if he was, Ophemus would take him captive or kill him. With such a coup, he would be promoted to Army General by Joanna, not just Antone. Getting in the good graces of the Queen could have lasting benefits for him.
The big blonde entered the castle through a little-used rear access door to avoid any contact with the Queen. He wasn’t exactly on good terms with her, yet. He descended a stairway into the lower reaches of the castle, torch held out in front of him. The dungeons were deep, and an old friend lived just above them. Ambrogarde was a true giant, not just a tall man, and he was loyal to Ophemus in the highest degree.
Ambrogarde’s quarters were comfortable for a man that had little use for comforts. He lived in one of the old guard rooms; cold, drafty and surrounded by stone. Yet, there were kerosene lanterns hanging from the walls and a fireplace that connected to the great chimney rising through the building. Once a day he made the journey to the kitchen where he was given anything he needed in the way of food. The only thing he lacked was companionship, which he had little use for, and an occasional visit from Wysel and Ophemus was more than adequate.
With his large friend in tow, Ophemus took the stone steps to the main level. Despite his size, Ambrogarde mounted the steps surprisingly easily, and Ophemus was hard-pressed to keep up. The stairway brought them into a maintenance room from which they accessed the main floor and ballroom, and thence it was to the circular stairway to the second level.
Samstiss’s old library was empty, and the mirror’s face was quiet. Ophemus stepped to the mirror and touched it, and in quick response a burst of white light clarified into a vision on its surface. At first, the watchers were confused as to what they were seeing, but the books scattered on the floor and the familiarity of the room told them it was the library in the alternate world. A brooding figure stood in the doorway, and a sudden chill raced up Ophemus's spine. It was Danil.
“He’s in the library!” gasped Ambrogarde. “He’s here!”
“He’s in the parallel world, man,” said Ophemus savagely. “He’s not in here.” The panic that had gripped him from Ambrogarde’s few words angered him.
The mirror showed the Searcher pacing the room, looking for something. He kicked books out of the way and threw open the closet door. After a lengthy search, he strode out of the library. He had searched the room so often he knew the location of every spider web.
An idea hit Ophemus like a sudden lightning bolt. The mirror was the new portal into the Way of Gates, and he could destroy the beast forever by tossing the looking glass into Graolgasp. What a great idea!
With trembling hands, Ophemus removed the mirror from its stand. Victory was at hand if he made no mistakes. Taking great care to be quiet, the two bore the heavy mirror down the steps and out of the castle. Within minutes, they were mounted and riding feverishly for Graolgasp.

Othan was awakened by Gabriel’s distress call. He and Samuel were at the abandoned house, awaiting word from Gabriel, but this wasn’t exactly the message the old man was hoping to hear.
He shook Samuel awake.
“Ophemus took the mirror and is planning to destroy it in Graolgasp,” he told the young giant.
“You said whut?” asked Samuel, his head still thick with sleep.
“Get your horse from the stable where we left him and ride for Graolgasp,” said Othan. “If Ophemus has his way, Jon and Dorthea will never return from the Way of the Gates.”
“But what can I do without you?” Samuel asked.
“Take the mirror back,” said Othan.
“Can’t you help me?”
“I plan to help, but I must do it my own way. I am a shape-changer, and I will use my talent to fly there quickly.”
“Oh,” said Samuel.
“One other thing,” said Othan. “There are two of them. The second one is Ambrogarde, a nasty giant the likes of what you’ve never seen before.”
“Is Ambergart as big as me?” asked Samuel.
“As big and a lot meaner,” said Othan.
The night was foggy when Samuel left the abandoned house, but he was pretty familiar with the layout of the city, and before long he was at the stable. His inquiry for his horse was met with a blank look.
“There aint no big horse like that here,” said the stable hand. “Either he died or got stolen.”
Now Samuel didn’t know what to do. How could he hurry on foot? He wasn’t fast, running or walking, but he had to something, so he started walking. After just a few miles, he was fortunate to get a ride on a wagon bound for Lasgoula, and by mid-afternoon his benefactor had dropped him off just seven miles from the Graolwoods. By the time he’d walked the remaining distance to the edge of the woods, he decided it was too late to enter before nightfall, so he found himself a soft spot to sleep.
The morning dawned bright and cloudless. That ought to help keep the gloom out of the forest, Samuel thought, as he pushed his way into the deep foliage. A bright sun was his friend today.
It wasn’t long, however, before the sun’s powerful rays were veiled by the gloom of the woods, and the deeper he went, the darker it got. He looked to the tree tops and gaped. The canopy was so dense he could hardly even see a patch of blue sky.
His courage began to wane. He had no idea which direction he was headed for and no clue where the lake was, and he couldn’t see the position of the sun. Everywhere he looked, it was the same. Deadfall and dense undergrowth stretched out of sight beneath the unbroken green canopy of the woods. There was no indication of a trail. In a very short time, his self-assurance had turned to near panic.
He sat on a narrow log to think. The log wasn’t soft and rotten like so many others lying around. This tree had fallen just recently.
He removed his shoes and rubbed his huge feet slowly, pondering how to find his way through the wildwood, when he felt something thumping his bottom.
He yelped and leaped from the log, falling hard on his face. Groaning, he rolled onto his back and stared in wonder at a large insect buzzing around his face.
Then he began to hear words that he could recognize from a very tiny voice. He was shocked to realize the insect was a miniature girl with wings, and she was very angry with him.
“You were sitting on my door!” she was shouting, and Samuel noticed her tiny eyes were red from crying.
“I’m sorry,” croaked Samuel, making an immense effort to calm himself. “I didn’t know ‘bout your door.”
He tried to pull on his shoes, but found he couldn’t reach his feet while sitting on the ground. The tiny girl laughed at him despite her frustration.
“You can sit on my tree to put on your shoes,” she said. “Just don’t sit on my doorway, okay?”
“Okay,” Samuel agreed. He reclaimed his seat and hastily pulled on his shoes.
“You’re huge,” said the tiny girl. “How did you ever grow so big?”
“And you’re little,” said Samuel. “Why are you so itty bitty?”
“I’m a sprite,” said the girl. “All sprites are little.”
“And I’m my daddy’s boy,” Samuel replied proudly. “I’m big just like him.”
“Why are you in these dark woods?” asked the sprite.
“I’m looking for a mare that was stolen.” He brightened. “Do you know where the big lake is?”
She nodded. “I don’t go there because it’s a bad lake.”
“I know it’s bad,” said Samuel, “but I need to go there. That’s where the mare is.”
She was puzzled. “What’s a mare?”
“You know, a looking glass.”
“Oh, a mirror,” she said. “You talk funny.”
“I’ve heard that before.”
“My name is Soliah. What’s yours?”
“Samuel.”
“Well, Samuel, I’ll help you get to the lake if you help me find a new tree.”
“Sure,” said Samuel. “I’d like that.”
So the tiny sprite perched on Samuel’s mighty shoulder and the two of them set out. With Soliah’s small voice in his ear, Samuel was able to find a path through the deep woods. They talked as he walked, and the time passed by quickly.
“Why do you live in a tree?” Samuel asked.
“We sprites have always lived in trees,” said Soliah.
“Why’s yours laying on the ground?” he asked, trying his best to be polite.
“A cruel giant pushed it down after he chased me into my tree hole,” she said sadly. “He wanted to hurt me. I don’t understand why.”
“It was Ambergart,” said Samuel, snapping his huge fingers with a loud pop. “I’ve heard about him.”
“I hope I can find a new tree soon,” said the sprite. “I need a young one because I’m so young.”
“There are lots of young trees in these woods.”
“Oh, I can’t live in just any young tree. My tree has to have a spirit, and there are not many spirited trees left here.”
“I didn’t know trees had spirits.”
“Oh, yes. Some have good spirits and some have bad ones. I’ll never live in a bad spirited tree.”
“What would happen then?”
“I’d take on the spirit of the tree. I really don’t want to have a bad spirit.”
“You haven’t got one, trust me.”
“Thank you, Samuel.”
“You’re sure welcome.”
Samuel soon grew tired and needed to sit for a spell. He studied the logs carefully before selecting one.
Soliah laughed a tinkly, pretty laugh. “Not every fallen log is a sprite’s home, Samuel.”
“I know, but you scared me so.”
“I’m sorry,” said the sprite. “I was chased by that giant, and then my doorway went dark and I thought he was back...”
“That's okay. I probably frightened you more.”
The sun was now so high that more of its light reached the ground, and the way wasn’t so dark. It was also heartening to have someone to talk to.
Samuel reached into his sack and brought out some biscuits and cheese. He offered some to his new-found friend but she politely refused. As he munched blissfully on his lunch, she went in search of her own, which she said she could find close by. Samuel wondered what such a sprightly creature would eat, and when she returned, he asked her just that.
“I like to sip the nectar from flowers,” she said, “and sometimes I eat the blossoms. The blue violets are very good at this time of the year, and I like the wild geraniums a lot.”
“It doesn’t sound very good to me,” said Samuel.
“You eat some disgusting things, Samuel, so don’t say anything about what I eat,” she said, wrinkling her tiny nose at Samuel’s meal.
Before long, Samuel was rested, and they resumed their journey. They were going through a particularly dense part of the woods, and it was only because of Soliah’s knowledge of the area that Samuel could find a way through it at all. Soliah’s guidance saved him a lot of time and trouble.
They came to a deep rift that cut through the forest from northeast to southwest. The sides were formidably steep, but Soliah helped him get down by finding a rocky wash where he could gain traction for his clumsy feet. They crossed the shallow stream at the bottom, and Soliah found a way up the other side.
They were soon out of the ravine and in the deep woods again. After a time, they emerged into a sun dappled clearing filled with knee high grass. Samuel stopped abruptly. Othan was just ahead, and he was arguing with a blond man and a giant. The giant was carrying the mirror from the castle. Samuel knew at once it must be the thieves that faced the old man.
The three men looked up as Samuel came into view. Soliah, small as she was, remained unseen as she perched on Samuel’s shoulder.
Suddenly Samuel saw Othan disappear, and the mirror disappeared with him. Ambrogarde fell hard, seeming to have been pushed.
Samuel had heard of the invisibility spell, and he understood why Othan would use it. Anything touched during the spell would also be invisible, and that’s why the mirror disappeared.
When Ambrogarde regained his feet and brushed himself off, he was livid with rage. He had never been pushed over that easily in his life. He saw Samuel coming toward them and charged the youngster, meaty fists punching the air.
Samuel panicked. He was alone with these two killers; at least there was no one with him that could help him. Soliah was too small to be of any assistance. The thieves were upon him before he could turn and run. The old giant swung a huge fist that caught Samuel in the stomach, and he went down, gasping for air. He couldn’t stand to defend himself and he was soon kicked into a daze.
Ophemus lost interest in the badly beaten youngster, and left in search of Othan. Ambrogarde gave Samuel one last mighty kick and followed his friend, leaving the youngster bruised and confused.
When he was able to sit again, the blood was running freely from his nose. He became aware of Soliah hovering anxiously about his face.
“Are you okay?” the tiny one shouted into his ear, which was bigger than she was.
He ignored the question. “Where’s the mare?” he gasped.
“I don’t know,” she said. “It just disappeared.”
“Othan took it,” said Samuel, remembering what had happened. “Question is, where’s Othan?” He stood unsteadily and wiped his bloodied nose with his arm.
“At least nothing seems to be broken,” Soliah said.
“It feels like something’s broken,” grunted Samuel. He clumsily took a flask from around his neck and drank deeply, and then poured some water in his hands and wiped his bloody face. Somehow the tepid water cooled him and made him feel better.
“I wish I could fill my flax with some cold water,” he said.
“There is a stream not far from here,” said Soliah.
With the sprite guiding him, Samuel soon found the stream, and he waded in thankfully, washing his face and arms and refilling his flask. Cold water had never felt or tasted so good.
After he had drunk his fill, Samuel sat against a tree to rest, and soon he was feeling much better. He wondered what he should do next. He was pretty sure Othan would take the mirror to their abandoned hideaway in the city.
Though it was only past midday, Samuel wanted to leave the woods soon. Hopefully, he would be out of this fearsome place before the day was completely spent.



29: Samuel’s Moment


Othan hesitated when he came to the deep rift. The mirror was heavy and limited his choices. He scratched the thin hair that ringed his scalp. He must go down the treacherous slope and cross the stream at the bottom. To go around would take him miles to the north and out of his way, and that was undesirable given the weight of his burden.
The embankment was very steep but he took the chance. Once he started down, however, he knew he was in trouble. He couldn’t slow his slide at all. He lost control and flipped head over heels down the incline, losing the mirror in the process. Halfway down, he struck a large rock and flipped through the air, landing at the bottom face down in the cold stream. The dislodged rock came bounding after him and landed in the water nearby.
He groaned in pain as he sought to sit up. He’d injured his shoulder and right knee badly, and he’d lost the mirror which probably lay somewhere above on the slope. He couldn’t even use his owl’s form to fly for help, for an arm became a wing and would still be injured.
He lay on his back for a minute, trying to clear his thoughts, when a sound above him drew his attention. He raised his head just enough to see Ophemus and Ambrogarde peering over the edge, curiously searching for him. He made himself invisible and watched as the two moved along the ridge above him. In a minute, he saw Ophemus pointing and gesturing excitedly. They had found the mirror.
The old man watched as Ambrogarde lowered Ophemus down the slope with a rope. Well, there was something he could do about that. He leaned on his elbow and channeled all his power at Ophemus, who screamed and gyrated uncontrollably in the continuous shock. The blonde lost his hold on the rope and slid down the slope and out of sight, while the mirror tumbled directly behind him.
Othan cursed under his breath. What were the odds that the mirror would land a few feet from the thieving rascal? As he watched, Ophemus grabbed the rope, and with help from his giant friend, slipped and kicked his way back up the slope.
There was no use moping about it, so Othan analyzed his options. He was in a long and narrow valley with overwhelmingly steep sides, and he was weak and hurting from his injuries. He knew what Ophemus planned for the mirror, and he was powerless to do anything about it. Gabriel was in grave danger.
He had no recourse but to hobble along the gorge until he could find a way to ascend the steep side. It was slow going, and he knew he’d never make it to Graolgasp in time to save his son, or Jon and Dorthea either.
After twenty minutes of waddling at a half crouch, he clawed his way out of the rift, and he was overjoyed to see Samuel not twenty feet away.
“Samuel!” he cried hoarsely, so relieved to see his young friend that he called him by his given name. “For a moment I thought you were Ambrogarde.”
“You’re hurt,” said Samuel.
Othan grimaced. “I had a bit of a fall and lost the mirror. Gabriel is now in the hands of Ophemus. How did you find me?”
“Soliah done it,” said Samuel, pointing to the tiny sprite on his shoulder.
“I heard the noise you made,” said the tiny girl.
“I’m so glad you did,” said Othan. “Our friends still have a chance. Samuel, you must attack Ophemus and save the mirror.”
Samuel groaned. He’d hoped never to see those killers again.
“You have to stop them,” Othan pleaded, when he saw Samuel’s hesitation.
“But I can’t fight them both…”
“Yes you can, Samuel. You’re enough to stop them, all by yourself. You have to believe that!”
Samuel knew what he had to do, but he was dreadfully afraid. His dear friend’s lives depended on him and he couldn’t let them down with such drastic consequences. The earlier fight had been forced upon him and he’d simply tried to defend himself. Now, he was going to have to challenge the two nastiest men in Caelhaden, and Caelhaden was chock full of nasty men.
Once he resigned himself to the task, he moved quickly. With Soliah guiding him with her small voice, he found a good path. The ways of the woods were the sprite's habitat. Very soon Samuel could see an opening through the trees, and he emerged into a clearing on the edge of an immense lake. The sides of the pit were steep and boulder strewn, and the water’s bright surface was fifty feet below ground level. As he curiously approached the edge of the crater, Soliah cautioned him to stay back.
“It is treacherous at the edge,” she said. “Many people have fallen in when the sides crumbled under them.”
“I can't even swim,” said Samuel.
“No one can swim in this lake,” Soliah replied. “This is a bad lake.”
Samuel could barely see the other side of the crater because it was so huge.
“How will I know where to find the thieves?” asked Samuel, more to himself than anyone.
“I have very good hearing,” said little Soliah. “It is a talent of mine. Even as mighty as you are, you still need my help, Samuel.”
So the tiny sprite listened with her remarkable gift, and before long she heard the faint crashing sounds of someone approaching. She guessed correctly it was Ambrogarde and Ophemus carrying the mirror.
Fortunately, the thieves hadn’t had the benefit of Soliah’s guidance, and had crashed their way through the underbrush the hard way. It took them several minutes before they emerged from the woods.
Samuel faced them, his heart in his throat. The thieves were astounded to see him standing there, massive arms folded and resolute. For a moment, they stared at the unexpected challenger, but it was only a short moment.
Ambrogarde charged first. He knew the youngster was timid, large as he was. This would be easy. Unfortunately, he didn’t take into account the desperation with which Samuel would fight for his friends. His first punch missed because Samuel moved to avoid it. The youngster returned a punch to the solar plexus which caused the elder giant to double over, gasping for air. Then Ophemus dropped the mirror and charged him, swinging and dancing. Samuel moved clumsily, trying to cover himself.
The battle quickly turned vicious. Ambrogarde was an old hand at dirty fighting, having learned well from Ophemus and Hros when he had first joined the witch’s army. Because of his size, he had received the best training available in the art of hand to hand fighting. When he could catch his breath again, he attacked fiercely, biting and kicking, and Samuel was forced to respond in kind. There were no rules but to disable the other as quickly as possible.
As they fought, Ambrogarde stealthily pushed the youngster toward the pit’s edge while Ophemus crept behind the youngster’s back, intent on tripping him into the pit. Soliah noticed, and tried to warn her friend about the danger he was in, but he couldn’t hear her tiny voice through the noise of battle.
Samuel nearly tripped over Ophemus’s leg, and angrily kicked at it, sending the big blond into a dance of pain. Ambrogarde, seeing an opening, attacked from the side, and pushed Samuel so hard he nearly fell backward into the abyss. Samuel had been so intent on keeping away from Ambrogarde’s wicked boot that he was right on the edge of the precipice, and now he noticed the spongy softness of the ground beneath his feet. In desperation, he grasped the giant’s hand and yanked, righting himself and at the same time throwing Ambrogarde off balance. Using the momentum he had gained, he swung his hefty leg at Ambrogarde and connected a solid strike on the oldster’s backside.
Screaming in terror, the elder giant went flying over the edge of the pit and fell with an enormous splash into the water below. He screamed as he felt the caustic bite of the tainted water. In almost no time, his dark head had dipped beneath the surface, though he remained visible from above.
Ophemus looked on, unmoved. He’d never been a loyal man. Even though he still carried the rope in his backpack, he never gave it a thought as an instrument of rescue. Risking his life for a comrade wasn’t in the big blond man’s book of ethics. He grasped the mirror and made for the edge of the pit.
Samuel lunged to intercept him, and Ophemus hit him on the side of the head with the heavy mirror. Samuel fell to the ground, but instinctively grabbed for Ophemus’s ankles, jerking hard and pulling the big blonde’s legs out from under him.
Angrily, Ophemus grasped Samuel’s thick neck and tried to throttle him, but his hands were too small to close tightly.
Samuel easily threw his opponent off and grasped at his shirt. With a quick jerk, he ripped it off, backpack and all.
Ophemus fell on his back, naked to the waist. He suddenly became aware of a reckless anger in Samuel’s eyes. How badly he had misjudged this youngster. He knew his strength couldn’t match that of Samuel, and for the first time in the struggle, he feared for his life.
With a mighty effort, Ophemus leaped to his feet and fled into the woods, leaving the mirror lying on the ground where it had fallen.
Samuel let him go and picked up the precious mirror. He held it close and smiled. For the first time in his life, he had faced death and fought with courage. It had come at the best time possible. He had saved his very good friends.
Soliah, who was hovering close by, was crying because she was so happy. She settled on his shoulder, and told him she was proud of him.
Samuel was embarrassed. He had never done anything heroic in his life. As he wiped the sweat from his brow, he glanced into the deceptively calm water of Graolgasp and was shocked to see white, faceless forms swimming just below the lake’s surface. There was no black head of hair in sight, and Ambrogarde was now one of them. They filled the water from left to right and far ahead. There were literally hundreds swirling around each other.
"What are those?" he asked, pointing.
“Demons, I think," said Soliah. "They've been there as long as I can remember."
Samuel sighed tiredly. “I’m sure glad that's done. Let's find Othan.”
As he turned to go, the ground gave way beneath his feet. The altercation had taken him too close to the escarpment. Soliah screamed as he slipped helplessly over the edge, the mirror still grasped tightly in his hands.



30: The Flask of Thyme


“I think we should look again in the castle," said Jon, as the friends assembled in Perry’s house to make plans for the day. “The flask is bound to be there, and with four sets of eyes we will have a better chance of finding it.”
“I know I'll feel safer just having Abeezer and Perry with us,” commented Dorthea.
“What makes you think it will be in the castle?” asked Abeezer.
“That’s where it was lost in the real world,” replied Jon. “Doesn’t it make sense? It disappeared in the library, and that’s where it should still be.”
“Hey Abeezer, isn’t that where you found the charm on your neck?” asked Perry.
“Why, yes,” said Abeezer, reaching into his shirt.
“That looks like a flask!” cried Jon, staring at the object in the fat man’s hand.
“What, this thing?” asked Abeezer, turning it over. “With all this strange writing embossed on it, we thought it was a charm to ward off evil.”
“It may have helped keep us safe from the demons,” said Perry.
“We found it on the floor of the library soon after we were stranded here,” said Abeezer.
“Is there dried thyme inside?” asked Jon.
Abeezer unwound the thong that closed the flap and pulled the cork out of the flask’s mouth. Holding it to his eye, he peered inside.
“I don’t know what it should look like, but it could be,” he commented. “You look at it.”
Jon looked into the leather container and saw a winding of stems and dried leaves shaped in the form of a tear drop. He gently pulled on a stem, but it resisted and pulled back. He hastily closed the cork.
“This has to be the real flask of thyme!” Jon declared. “This is the very thing we’ve been looking for. We can go home, Dorthea!” He grabbed the girl and swung her around.
“Slow down,” said Perry. “Have a bit of sanity, I say.”
“Mind the frown, Perry,” said Abeezer. “Do you want to bring on the demons?”
“Don’t you see?” Jon cried, surprised at the lukewarm reaction. “This is our way to get home! With the flask, we can invoke the spell and find the Undergate.”
“Can it be true?” asked Perry, excitement creeping into his voice.
“I’m certain of it,” said Jon. “My grandpa told me about it, and he never lied to me…” He paused, troubled. “I guess he wasn't always honest though,” he finished lamely.
“But Othan wouldn’t have lied about this,” said Dorthea. “What were the magic words again?”
“I think it was ‘Sleep thyme’,” said Jon.
“Nothing happened when you said it,” said Abeezer.
“Dorthea has to hold the flask and say the words,” said Jon, “because it was her relative that made the spell.”
“Don’t remind me,” said Dorthea.
“Oh my,” said Abeezer. “You’re related to Samstiss?”
“Now look what you did,” said Dorthea, glaring at Jon. “You just had to say it.”
“Don’t start!” yelled Perry. “You’re determined to bring us unwanted company, aren’t you? I say I won’t stand for it.”
“Okay,” said Jon, “I’m sorry for bringing it up. Take the flask, Dorthea.”
The moment Dorthea’s hand touched the talisman, it began to glow softly. “Well, this is discouraging,” said the girl. “Now I know which family I belong to.”
They gathered around the girl and watched expectantly as she held the flask in front of her. “Sleep thyme,” she said.
They looked around. Nothing was different.
“Do you know what?” said Dorthea. “I think it was the other way. Awaken thyme,” she corrected herself.
Even though she uttered the phrase quietly, there was an immediate response. An aging lady was suddenly sitting at the table in the act of snapping peas, but she was as still as if she were dead. Her white, wispy hair fell over sad eyes.
Perry was thunderstruck. “Mother!” he exclaimed, and he raced over to embrace the woman. She fell in his eager hands, nerveless.
“No!” howled Perry, his emotions plummeting from feverish joy to the depths of despair in a heartbeat. “She’s dead!”
“Not dead, just unawake,” said Jon. “Remember, we’re in the Way of the Gates now.”
“I forgot,” said Perry, relief flooding his features.
“I’m going to see if my parents are home!” shouted Abeezer, flying out the door with amazing speed for such a fat person.
Dorthea placed the thong around her neck and tucked the talisman carefully into her shirt. It wouldn’t do for it to be where just anyone could see it.
“It's no wonder the demons couldn’t find the flask,” said Jon. “You fellas kept it safe for sixteen years. By the looks of the witch’s library, it has been searched thoroughly many times.”
In just minutes, Abeezer was back. “Dad and mom are at the table eating breakfast,” he said happily. “Oh, what a happy day it is.”
“We need to find the gates now so you can see them really awake,” said Dorthea.
Somehow, having seen the old folks from home had lit fires beneath Abeezer and Perry, and they were suddenly very anxious to find the gates. Perry wrote a second copy of the riddle so they could all study it.
“Now let’s see, we need to find the temple on the hill first,” said Perry, all businesslike. “That just might be the big temple downtown.” He grabbed an apple from the table, and after giving his mother a careful kiss, they were off.
It was nearly noon when they walked out the door. There were people everywhere, and horse drawn carts on the street. Though all were in the act of doing something, not a person was moving. They were as still as if they had been carved from stone. How things had changed in the parallel world with the startup of the spell.
“Good grief!” exclaimed Perry. “This looks like it did that first day when we followed the sorcerers into that accursed mirror.”
“It happened once again a few years later," said Abeezer. “I wonder who came here and activated the spell.”
"Our neighbors look old,” observed Perry.
“We’re not so young, anymore,” Abeezer reminded him.
“I wonder where Sam and Othan are,” said Jon. “They are around somewhere, unawake like everyone else.”
“That’s right, they would be, wouldn’t they?” said Dorthea. “I’d like to give Othan a kick with this oversized shoe.”
The foursome went downtown, which was only about a mile away, and there they found a huge temple standing on a hill. A large pond was below the temple, and a waterfall cascaded into it. The sound of the falling water was the same as it would have been in the real world. Dorthea could hardly get her shoes off fast enough to dip her feet in the cold water of the pond. What a blessed relief on sore feet. It was fortunate that the stilling of time hadn’t affected the sensation of cold water on hot skin. She could experience feelings normally because she was still active here.
“I can’t recall seeing two gates side by side,” said Perry thoughtfully. “Now what was the rest of that riddle?”
Dorthea produced her rumpled copy and read,
“Thou, whom the serpent hates, lead me to the secret gates.”
“Now, who do you suppose the serpent hates?” asked Perry. “Beyond that, where is the serpent?”
“I reckon all the demons hate us,” said Abeezer. “Perry and I are basically all alone here. I have to say, I would probably have lost my mind without Perry.”
“There are no snakes in this world; at least there wasn’t before Dorthea brought on the spell,” said Perry. “It must be a carving of one that the riddle mentions.”
“But with the spell active, everything must be here now,” said Dorthea logically.
“Yes, but a stilled snake wouldn’t be in the same place the witch would have seen it,” insisted Perry, even more logically. “It wouldn’t be a good landmark, I’m trying to say.”
“Maybe the serpent represents Samstiss,” said Abeezer. “He changes his shape into that of a snake…”
“I thought Samstiss was dead,” Jon cut in.
“No, he’s here, but he’s a demon now. The traitor abandoned us here, and now he's stranded here with us. Ha! Perry and I think it’s rather funny.”
“He could easily be the serpent in the riddle, then,” said Dorthea.
“Well, he sure enough hates us,” said Abeezer. “He’s been trying to catch us for nigh on sixteen years.”
“How did he end up in this dreadful place?” asked Dorthea.
“He was thrown into Graolgasp, and came through the utter gate as a snake,” said Perry. “The lion was a shape changing demon that followed him from the pit. According to Samstiss, the secret to entering here from the pit is to change into an animal, so only shape-changers can do it.”
“The demon on the horse comes through the gate from the pit, too,” said Abeezer.
“The Searcher once said he could come here at will,” remarked Dorthea. “But he’s not a shape-changer, is he?”
“We overheard the magicians talking one night,” said Abeezer. “According to Samstiss, the Searcher and the horse are so closely linked that they can pass through as one. It’s because of their symbiotic relationship that they can come in here, return to the pit, and then leave the pit for the real world again. Danil and the horse are the only ones that can do that.”
“So that’s how he could get in here,” said Dorthea. “Even Othan didn’t know how he did it.”
“Do you mean he jumps into that acidic lake on purpose, just so he can come through the Uttergate into this parallel world?” asked Jon.
“That’s what Samstiss said,” Abeezer replied. “He probably couldn’t get the horse through the library closet.”
“Or the mirror,” added Perry.
“I hope he’s not here now,” said Dorthea, suddenly looking worried.
“He’d be stilled,” said Abeezer. “Hey, I could put an arrow through him!”
“Unless he was already in the Way of Gates when Dorthea triggered the spell,” said Jon. “I was told yesterday that he wasn’t far from the pit.”
“Don’t even talk about it,” Dorthea pleaded.
“How did you get close enough to spy on the demons without being noticed?” asked Jon.
“We were safe as long as we kept our thoughts pure,” spoke Abeezer.
“It sure was lucky you didn’t have Dorthea around,” laughed Jon, and he ducked a sucker punch just in time.
Perry shook his wooly head. “You two would never survive here alone, the way you criticize each other.”
“They will have to learn, just like we did,” said Abeezer.
“Thankfully, we’ve been able to avoid the demon on the horse,” said Perry. “I don’t think we could drive him away just by being good.”
“He’s uncanny,” agreed Abeezer, nodding.
Dorthea shuddered. “I’ve seen him once, and that was way too often.”
“How many demons are there?” Jon wanted to know.
“Ten,” said Abeezer, “as far as we know.”
“All eight sorcerers are demons now. They were overcome by Samstiss and the lion because of their evil thoughts.”
“Othan would have been in trouble for sure,” remarked Dorthea.
“I’ll admit he is cantankerous,” said Jon with a smile.
“If Samstiss represents the serpent and he hates you both, then you can lead us to the Undergate,” said Dorthea. “It’s in the poem.”
“I don’t know where the Undergate is,” said Perry.
“Think hard,” said Dorthea. “You have to know how to find the gates.”
“I draw a major blank,” said Abeezer.
“We’ll just have to start looking, then,” said Dorthea, reluctantly taking her feet from the pool and putting on her heavy boots. “Maybe something will jog your memory.”
They searched the temple for doors that could possibly be the Undergate, but they had no luck. In the first place, they didn’t know what the Undergate would look like, or what made it stand out from others. They found many doors in the temple, but when they walked through them, they entered into another room, just like they should have. The Undergate, they reasoned, would take them out of the Way of the Gates, and not into another room of the temple.
“I’m getting tired,” said Dorthea. “Where can we rest safely from the demons?”
“Oh, there’s no place like that here,” said Perry. “They can find us anywhere, even when we don’t see them. We just have to guard against them at all times.”
“But I get tired thinking good thoughts,” said Dorthea. “Shut up, Jon.”
“I was just thinking good thoughts,” said Jon with a grin.
Abeezer and Perry exchanged glances, and Perry shook his head hopelessly. “I hope you weren’t lying about the good thoughts, Jon.”
Suddenly Abeezer’s eyes widened. “Look out for the demon!” he cried, as a jackal leaped from behind a rock and pinned Dorthea to the ground.



31: The Way of the Gates


Abeezer ran at the jackal, kicking and howling, and the animal reluctantly backed away, ears flattened to the top of his head. Perry gathered his wits and yanked his sword from its sheath, giving the jackal a better reason to retreat. Dorthea struggled to her feet, thoroughly shaken but unhurt.
“Be gone, jackal!” Perry yelled. “Why have you come?”
“I heard the arguing and came to the invitation,” said the jackal slyly.
“We hardly argued,” said Dorthea. “How touchy can you be?”
“I’m fine-tuned to hear even the tiniest negative vibes,” said the jackal with an ear to ear smile.
“Well you can go away now,” said Abeezer. “We’re all getting along like one big, happy family.”
There’s nothing but love here,” said Perry boldly.
“Where did you come from?” asked the jackal, turning his glassy eyes on Jon. “People don’t just move here like they’re looking for a new neighborhood to settle down.”
“We came from the same place you did,” said Jon. “How else could we get here?”
“You can’t hope to remain hidden with the spell in place. Did you think we wouldn’t notice? Samstiss is hot for you and the flask you carry.”
“Why would you think we had something to do with the spell?” asked Perry blandly. “You’d better check your fellow demon’s pockets for the talisman.”
“It wasn’t here before,” said the jackal, eyes locked steadily on Jon. “You brought it here with you. If you lie, others will hear you.”
Perry pointed suddenly, and Jon followed his gaze to the street below the temple. Several men were hurrying up the steps toward them, weaving their way through unawake people. A big man with black, burnt-looking skin led the way. He looked much like the Searcher, but this man had no hood to shade his ruined face. Dorthea could sense an immense Force-field surrounding him.
"The spell is active and you have the flask," Samstiss said when he’d arrived, his lidless eyes moving from Jon to Dorthea.
“Back away, demon,” said Perry, brandishing his sword. “You can’t trouble us. Our thoughts are pure.”
“As if anyone’s thoughts are truly pure,” hissed the demon. “There is much fear and hatred in you, all of you.”
“Sure, we hate you,” said Perry with a short laugh. “It’s only natural to hate your enemies.”
“Then you’re not pure,” spat the demon.
“No-one is that pure,” said Dorthea. “There is goodness in all of us, even though we’re not perfect. Look at yourself if you’re so curious. There is no good in you at all.”
“I’m a demon,” Samstiss said simply. “I have no use for goodness. You don’t have that luxury unless you want to be like me.”
“I sure wouldn’t want to be like you, even if I have to be related to you,” said Dorthea, her upper lip curled in disgust.
Samstiss’s eyes widened. “If you’re my relative, then you’re the one that activated the spell! Give me the flask!" He grasped Dorthea’s shoulder with his blackened hand.
The girl slapped at his hand viciously.
Samstiss’s smile widened, but it didn’t extend to his eyes. He didn’t even flinch from the slap.
“You like to complain, don’t you, girl?” said Samstiss.
“No!” she said.
“Don’t tell a lie, Dorthea!” Abeezer cried frantically. “You are putting us into his hands.”
Dorthea winced. The demon’s attention was entirely on her now, as he sensed she was likely to say something that would make her vulnerable.
“Do you like the boy?” asked Samstiss slyly.
Dorthea looked at Jon and then back at Samstiss. Abeezer gave a little moan. “I don’t hate him,” she said defiantly.
“You didn’t answer my question,” Samstiss bellowed, and slapped Dorthea on the cheek with a resounding smack. “Why won’t you answer my question?”
Jon stared at the demon in unbelief. “You slapped her!” He said angrily. “What gives you the right?”
Samstiss cast a surprised look at Jon as he wiped dribble from his mouth with the back of his hand. “Do you want to make something of this, boy?” he challenged.
Jon was almost out of control of his temper, but he checked himself just in time. He had to remember who he was dealing with, and challenging Samstiss right now seemed like a bad idea. This demon was powerful. Perhaps he should show his Force-field to the demon. That would give him a turn.
Of a sudden, Samstiss grinned widely. “I know you boy. You’re the son of Gabriel.”
Jon said nothing.
“And did you know your mother?”
“No,” said Jon.
“I do,” said the demon, pressing in. “She was Danil’s daughter!”
Jon’s eyes nearly popped out of his head. “You can’t be serious,” he said. “You just said that to be vicious.”
“Aye, I said it. It’s the truth.”
At that moment, a horse’s hooves clattered loudly on the cobblestones below and a rider came surging up the hill toward them. It was the Searcher.
“Speak of the devil and there he is!” gasped Samstiss. A complete change came over him with this new development. Gone was the gloating superiority and supreme confidence that he had displayed before. He and his cohorts scattered in every direction, as if the devil had come to reap their very souls.
Now unexpectedly alone, the comrades hastened around the corner of the temple to hide. They found themselves in front of an arched opening which was closed off by a heavy, iron gate.
Abeezer and Perry promptly scrambled over it, and Jon and Dorthea followed suit, not wanting to be left behind. They found themselves in a tunnel, and fear drove them into the darkness. It soon became so dark that they had to join hands to keep track of each other. Perry had his hands on the wall and he soon stopped them. “Here is an intersecting tunnel,” he said. “What do you want to do?”
“Maybe we should take it,” said Dorthea nervously.
“It wouldn’t be too surprising if the Searcher and his horse are in the tunnel behind us,” said Jon. “You know how they can follow a trail.”
The others agreed, and they turned into the new tunnel. All too soon they came to another, and they took that one too. They continued on, holding hands, and turned at the next intersection toward what they hoped was the main tunnel. After fifteen minutes of walking, it was still as dark as a grave. They paused to listen for pursuit, even holding their breath to listen. There was no sound behind them, and they would have heard anything because it was intensely quiet.
“Where are we?” Dorthea asked softly, a wee tremor in her voice.
There was no answer, for no-one had a clue where to go next, or even how to go back. They were hopelessly lost. There was no sound but that of their breathing. They couldn’t even see each other, the darkness was so absolute.
“Looks like we've done it now,” Jon ventured. “These tunnels are all the same.”
“We were in here once. Do you remember it, Abeezer?” whispered Perry.
“Yeah, but I don’t remember making all these turns,” Abeezer answered. “Somehow we ended up in a courtyard.”
“There were high stairs in each corner, and the one we took went into the balcony of the temple,” said Perry. “I remember that. That’s how we found our way home.”
“Then we just have to keep going until we find that courtyard,” said Dorthea. “It sounds simple enough.”
But the tunnel soon teed off into another short tunnel, and the comrades found themselves at a locked door. They found the handle in the darkness, but no matter how hard they pulled, they couldn't get it to open.
They were afraid to stay too long in one place, so they retreated the way they had come.
They walked slowly, feeling their way along the wall, and turned whenever they came to an intersection; sometimes left and sometimes right, to make sure they were not just going in a circle. Greatly discouraged, they paused again.
“What ever shall we do, now?” moaned Dorthea. “This labyrinth seems to go on forever.”
“Why build these tunnels?” wondered Jon. “It would have been a lot of work to excavate them, so they must have had a purpose.”
No one could answer him, of course, and staying in one place wouldn’t change their predicament. They had to keep moving.
After a time, they were rewarded for their perseverance when they noticed the darkness ahead wasn’t quite so black, and they dared hope they were coming to the end.
Indeed, it was getting lighter as they hurried on, and they began to see things on the walls above them. There was a ledge of sorts, with objects on it that they couldn’t make out.
Jon reached to the ledge and followed it with his hand until he dislodged something. It bounced on the ground and rolled around a bit before it came to a stop at his feet. He stooped to pick it up and brought it close to his face. He could just make it out. It was a skull, and its toothy mouth grinned back at him. He threw it down in horror. “We’re in a catacomb!” he cried.
“Ah, now we know the use for the tunnels,” said Perry.
“Let’s keep going,” begged Dorthea.
The others needed no urging. They hurried on, and soon came to a corner around which it was much lighter ahead. Another tunnel and another turn, and they came at last to two big, wooden gates.
“The gates!” squealed Dorthea excitedly.
“Not so fast,” said Perry. “We crawled over these gates before, and found ourselves in a courtyard. There’s nothing magical about these gates.”
“No problem,” said Jon. “At least we’ll be out of this everlasting tunnel.”
“You know,” said Abeezer thoughtfully, “according to the riddle, we were followed to the Undergate before. At least, it may have been us. That gives me hope.”
“We never saw the Undergate,” Perry reminded him.
“That’s right, but it could be nearby, and perhaps the writer of the riddle thought that was close enough to give us the credit.”
“Maybe so,” said Perry. “Doesn’t the riddle say something about not turning or straying?”
“Something like that,” said Dorthea. “I wish you’d have thought of that before.”
“We must have walked straight through the first time,” said Abeezer ruefully. “That would have been so simple.”
“It’ll be harder for the demon’s horse to follow our trail this way,” said Jon, trying to make something good of their folly.
“Unless he’s smarter than we are,” said Dorthea. “He might just come straight through.”
The gates ahead were locked, like everything else had been, and they were hard to scale. By helping each other, the comrades were all eventually on the other side, where they found themselves flanked by two unawake guards, one on each side.
The courtyard was square and opened to the sky. The grass was freshly clipped.
High stairways climbed from each corner to large doorways at the top, just as Perry had described. A few unawake people were in the courtyard, some sitting in full sun on park benches.
“Wouldn’t you think they’d be hot?” said Dorthea.
“Perhaps they were in the shade before you brought them here,” said Jon. “Just a thought.”
“Which corner entrance did you take, Perry?” asked Dorthea.
“No idea,” said Perry. “Do you remember, Abeezer?”
“It seems like it was the closest one,” said Abeezer, “but that was a dozen years ago. I could be wrong.”
“Then we should try one on the far side,” said Jon. “We don’t want to follow your old footsteps.”
They did as Jon suggested and crossed the courtyard. The stairway was five-stories high, and Abeezer was breathing heavily when they reached the top. There was an arched doorway leading into a roofless atrium. On the far wall were two gates standing side by side; each the mirror image of the other.
Elated, the comrades hurried to them. The gates were made of hardwood and plated iron, making them look incredibly heavy. Jon touched the iron handle of one, and then thought better of trying to open it. Was this the Uttergate or the Undergate? How could they know which one led to the safety of the real world?



32: Jon and Danil


The walls and floor of the atrium were constructed of cut stone, and there was no roof. An obelisk stood in the center, and there was a row of five suits of armor lined up by the gated wall. Dorthea lifted the face guard of one of the helms and peered into its empty interior.
“Look at this,” said Abeezer from another side. He was pointing at a mural on the granite wall. The depiction of a blazing sun was embossed there, and below that were the words: Temple of the Sun.
“If this is the Temple of the Sun, these just have to be the gates we are looking for,” said Jon excitedly.
“Say, that’s in the riddle,” said Dorthea. She took out her copy of the riddle and read aloud:

In the Temple of the Sun, I’m a remnant, my day is done,
I’m a marker filled with pride that takes you to the other side.

“Now where can we find a remnant?” she asked.
“Remnant of what?” mused Perry. “Say, what is a remnant, anyway?”
“It’s a piece of something, or something that is left over,” offered Dorthea.
They searched the room again, looking first at the flag stones on the floor and then the cut stones on the wall. None were loose that could be pulled free.
Strange writing was scripted on the side of the obelisk, and no one could read or understand it.
“I wonder,” said Perry aloud, as he scratched his beard, “I wonder if yonder stone has significance here.” He pointed to the top of the south wall at a stone with a hole in its exact center. He backed to the obelisk and squinted at the hole.
“Look!” he said excitedly. “If you look from here, you can see the sky through that hole. It’s more of a tunnel than a hole, really, so the sun would have to line up perfectly to brighten this spot.” He pointed at a circle carved on the obelisk.
“That’s an image of the sun,” said Abeezer, who had sauntered over to the obelisk to see. “This is a solar calendar.”
“What is it used for?” asked Jon.
“It helps to identify a precise day on the calendar, and keep track of the seasons,” said Abeezer. “After all, this is the Temple of the Sun.”
Dorthea was still examining the armor. “There’s writing on this helmet,” she announced. “Look, here it says ‘Neptune’.”
“That’s interesting,” said Perry, ambling over. “It’s armor from an old dynasty called the Malai dynasty. This particular suit is from the Duchy of Pythnia.”
“This one has ‘Janus’ engraved on it,” said Dorthea, reading the one next down the line.
“And here’s one that reads ‘Mars,’” said Jon.
“Say now,” said Abeezer, “those are all ancient gods. Mars was the god of war.”
“Janus was the god of gates and doorways!” cried Perry, excitedly rubbing his hands. “Now we’re getting somewhere. These old armor suits are remnants of earlier dynasties!”
They all crowded around the one named for Janus. The armored suit had two faces back to back.
“That’s how the god is depicted,” said Perry. “Two faces looking in opposite directions.
Dorthea lifted the visor on one side and peeked in. “This one definitely has a face inside,” she announced.
Sure enough, inside the visor was a carved, wooden face, its mouth agape and revealing a small space just about the size of the flask.”
“I wonder…,” Dorthea began, and she pulled the flask from her shirt to place it in the wooden mouth. It fit perfectly. “Maybe this will activate the release,” she said breathlessly.
“But which gate would be safe?” asked Jon. “We need to be sure we open the gate that takes us home.”
“We overheard Samstiss saying that if you opened the Uttergate you would fall into the pit,” said Perry. “There was no safe way to open it and see what is beyond. He would know; he had all the books that told about it.”
“He probably wrote some of them,” Jon said.
“Somebody is going to have to open one of these gates so we can find out,” said Perry. “It would be like being a sacrifice for the common good.”
“I think you mean suicide for the uncommon idiot,” Jon corrected him.
“There are only two gates,” said Perry with a grin. “You have half a chance to be right.”
“The odds are bad,” said Abeezer, shaking his head. “There must be a better way.”
“I was just joking,” said Perry. “You know that, don’t you?”
“Wait a minute,” said Dorthea. “The riddle-writer had it figured out. How does the last part of it go?” She looked at the paper again.

“I enter the way of my secret world to depart the way of the serpent curled,
His lidless eyes are searching, telling me of the gate of his Utter dwelling.”

“I’m not about to look for that demon again, not even if he can tell us which one is the Undergate,” said Abeezer. “He'd lie about it anyway."
“We don’t have to ask Samstiss!” exclaimed Dorthea excitedly. “The serpent is right there, above the gates.”
Sure enough, a serpent was cast into the iron trellis above the gates. It was coiled on itself and its forked tongue was extended, testing the imaginary merit of the comrades before it.
“What good is that?” asked Jon.
“His lidless eyes are telling me of the gate of his utter dwelling,” said Dorthea slowly. “Look, the snake is looking at the gate on the left, which must be the Uttergate. That means the Undergate is the one on the right, which is the one we want to use.”
“Hey, I think you’ve got something!” Perry said excitedly.
“That doesn’t mean anything,” said Jon, unconvinced. “I won’t try it just to see if you’re right.”
“You didn’t think of it so you won’t try it, huh?” said Dorthea. “You can apologize for begrudging my insight whenever it suits you.”
“Someone has to open the gate,” said Perry, exasperated. “I’ll do it myself, before you morons draw the demons again.”
A loud scream from the courtyard below nearly made Jon’s heart drop into his shoes. He had heard that scream before and his terror of it hadn’t diminished.
“What was that?” gasped Dorthea.
“It’s that devil horse!” whispered Perry, his face gone white.
“The Searcher has followed us!” Jon cried. Totally forgetting his earlier misgivings on testing Dorthea’s theory, he yanked on the handle of the gate on the right. It didn’t move in the slightest. He braced his feet against the wall and pulled with all his strength. It still didn’t move. It seemed like the handle was anchored into the stone wall. In desperation, he put his hand on the handle of the other gate, but yanked it off as if it were red hot. It certainly wouldn’t do to open the wrong gate.
“Try pushing, Jon!” cried Dorthea.
Jon put all his weight into it as he pushed. “It doesn’t help,” he said in dismay.
“Maybe the flask isn’t seated right,” said Perry, fumbling within the helmet of Janus.
“There’s no time!” bawled Abeezer. “You know what’s coming up those steps!”
Indeed, they could hear rapidly ascending footsteps on the stairway. In a matter of minutes, the doorway darkened and a huge, cloaked form stepped through. The Searcher had caught up with them at last.
“It’s him!” Dorthea sobbed.
The comrades stood frozen as the beast approached them. His hunched figure seemed to move painfully and slowly, and yet in almost no time, he was standing in front of them. His eyes showed dimly blue in the dark of his cowl, so subtly that the color could barely be seen. The strength of his Force-field was colossal, making the walls seem too close. The four friends backed against the gates like cornered mice, terrified out of their wits.
The Searcher’s huge shoulders supported impossibly long arms, and it seemed to Jon that the man was bigger than before, though he knew it couldn’t be true. He reminded himself that the druid had seemed tall at the Jolly Traveler too, that fateful day in June.
The beast lifted his hood and revealed his scarred face. He truly looked like he had come from a lake of fire. Now exposed to daylight, his bald eyes were as colorless as clear water in a clean glass, and they shifted from one comrade to the other before settling on Jon. A humorless smile tipped up the corners of his lipless mouth.
“You have the flask,” rumbled the deep voice.
Jon’s eyes flicked toward Janus’s suit of armor, but only for a fraction of a second. He mentally kicked himself. What if the Searcher had seen his glance? He would see the visor still up and the flask in the mouth of the figure inside. Jon nervously shifted his weight from one foot to the other; uncomfortably aware of the scrutiny he was under.
The Searcher, for his part, was studying the boy with great interest. The youngster was strong physically but seemed to be no threat because of a lack of a Force-field. Yet there was something about him…the demon couldn’t put his finger on it, but it was there. He had seen it on that dusty road a few weeks before, and he could see it again now. Word had been sent to him to bring the flask to the Queen and the boy with it. He would do what she asked, but he may have to kill the boy first. The flask was of utmost importance and the boy might not co-operate.
He thought of the times he had come into contact with this young man. Two out of three he had been injured. He must be cautious this time and make no mistake.
The girl and the two men were non issues. He had seen the men several times during previous swings through the parallel universe, and he knew they had no special powers.
“I want the flask,” said the monster, “and you have it. You can live or die, your choice, but you will give me the flask in the end.”
Jon was afraid to speak, for his legs were shaking so much that his voice was sure to betray his fear. He kept worrying he’d be drawn into the baleful gaze and become paralyzed. He could see the demon’s wide shoulders sagging as if under a terrible weight, yet the tenseness of the man’s muscles betrayed the fact that he could explode in violence at any moment. Jon knew firsthand of the overpowering strength of the druid. Could this man really be his mother’s father? Suddenly, he was looking into the eyes without thinking, and with a start he noticed there was no attempt to gain entrance into his mind.
The Searcher was regarding him with suspicion. There was pain and anger in the gaze leveled at him, the stamp of the demon. Jon looked freely at the eyes now, watching and waiting. A tiny flicker was all that warned him of the first attack, and he ducked just in time to avoid a devastating outburst.
The next bolt followed before he could think, and he barely avoided it, however he was struck in the leg by a sharp piece of rock dislodged by the blast. He gasped at the pain and fell to the ground, instinctively rolling to the side immediately. A hot blast struck the stone floor where he had been a split second before, showering shrapnel into the air.
The pain in his heel brought Jon out of his frenzy of fear. Here he was without the Force-field again. He was doing the same as he had with both Samstiss and the lion; he’d waited too long twice. Desperately he sought the power, and slowly it began to seep into him.
The demon took a step back. His face betrayed his astonishment at what he sensed, yet there was no fear, for fear had left him when he had become a demon.
“Who are you?” Danil rasped, pointing a blackened finger at Jon. “What manner of man can hide his Force-field from me?”
“Leave us and be gone,” cried Jon, knowing full well such a wish could never come to pass. The trickle of power that was filling him had become a rush. He should have done this at the beginning. Off to the side he heard Dorthea gasp as the throbbing power choked him.
“Who are you?” The demon repeated the question forcefully, insisting on an answer.
Jon didn’t answer, but looked at him steadily. If he could keep the Searcher guessing, it may buy him time to bring his full power to bear. His inexperience with it was obvious; it took some time to absorb it all. The man would strike again. It was just a matter of time. He moved aside to distance himself from his companions.
He had never allowed his full power to build before, but at last it was here. All of it. It filled him and almost sickened him. It was power beyond belief; a feeling he’d only ever known in his dreams. He became particularly aware of everything around him. He could see the Searcher's face in intricate detail, and to a degree he could even sense the man’s thoughts. The hate and anger coming his way was multiplied ten-fold, simply because Jon was more aware of it.
Dorthea shrank from him, fear showing in her eyes. She felt the horror of his power more keenly than any others because of her sensitivity. He had suddenly become beastly to her, like the blackness of the demon he was facing.
The Searcher was hesitating. Perhaps he saw an opponent that could match him for the first time, and Jon felt a sudden pang of regret that he must defend himself against his grandfather. What! He had to throw off that guilty feeling. The man was bad to the bone, and any hesitation on his part could get him killed. He must attack the hooded man as if he was his worst enemy.
With his heightened awareness, Jon saw the next attack coming and he responded almost simultaneously. The blistering flames met halfway between the combatants and welded as one into a brightly green, continuously sustained explosion.
Jon’s strength was equal to that of the Searcher’s. The power being released in the room was beyond comprehension as the combatants settled into a standoff that must eventually tire and kill one of them. Neither could stop the flow without being destroyed by the other.
Sweat beaded Jon’s twisted face as he struggled with the power that surged through him. He was not a weakling. The stamina he had gained from the hard work at the smithy had made him strong, but in light of the energy coursing through him, his body was weak. What was it doing to him?
He felt himself tiring and he knew he couldn’t hold on forever, nor could he rest when he needed to, for his opponent certainly wouldn’t. He sensed his endurance was inferior to that of the demon, and that he would be the first to fail. Something must happen to change the balance. He remembered the battle between Monte and the Searcher. The Searcher was surely winning when Jon had thrown a rock at him, hitting him in the head and ending his attack. It was Dorthea that had given him the idea. If only she would remember it. She could throw her shoe at the beast! Jon probed her with his new-found perception and knew it hadn’t occurred to her. She was too preoccupied with the noise and commotion to think. Perhaps she didn’t even see him as something worth saving.
In a sudden inspiration he held out his left hand, palm up, as he continued to channel with his right. A small bit of power began to pool in his extended palm, and a glistening, slightly bluish orb was soon rolling in his hand.
The collecting ball of power robbed the strength of the defense coming from his right hand, and the Searcher’s shattering bolt began to push his own back. The green point of contact came closer and closer to Jon. It was beginning to look the same as when Monte had lost his battle with the Searcher. It was desperation time and he could wait no longer. The Searcher’s fire was at his hand. With the last ounce of his strength, Jon slung the collected ball of explosive energy as hard as he could at the beast, just as he had delivered the rock a couple of weeks earlier.
The pulsing sphere struck the druid in the chest like a bomb and hurled him back to the door as if he weighed no more than a tall stick. A strangled gasp issued from the Searcher’s lipless mouth, and a gurgling scream came from the courtyard on the nanosecond, as if the same colossal force had struck the demon’s horse.
The crash of the concussion deafened everyone, and they could barely hear when the echoes from the walls diminished for the ringing in their ears.
The Searcher landed on his shoulders with his feet in the air and his cloak wound tightly around his neck. A wisp of blue smoke came from the blackened wound in his chest where the fireball had struck him. He groaned and writhed in pain; a broken figure that had endured untold agony throughout all his years as a demon.
“I have failed you, Joanna!” the Searcher moaned, blood frothing from the corners of his mouth. He lifted his arms in pathetic entreaty. “I am…so sorry!”
His voice became a gurgle, and he tried to sit up. His darkening eyes fastened on Jon. “Who are you?” he whispered, a third and last time.
Truth was, in light of what had just happened, Jon wasn't sure who he was. So much energy had left him that it took all his strength to whisper an answer. “I am your grandson.”
“Grandson? I have no grandson!” wheezed the failing Druid.
“Yes you do!” Dorthea cried, seeing Jon had fallen mute. “And your daughter’s husband is a bone mirror!”
“Bone mirror?” came the whispered response.
All of Jon’s determination to suffer no remorse for the druid disappeared as he saw the defeated figure lying on the floor. He became horrified at what he had done. He stumbled to the defeated demon and knelt at his side, crying uncontrollably. In a rare gesture of intimacy for him, he placed his hand on the scorched brow and gazed into the eyes that had petrified him such a short time before.
“I am sorry, grandfather,” he choked.
Through his tearing eyes he saw a change come over the blasted features, a softening of the gaze and an almost indiscernible lift to the corners of the mouth.
“I didn’t know,” whispered the druid. The comment was so quiet Jon barely heard it.
“Samstiss told me,” said Jon, grasping a huge hand. “My mother was…”
“My daughter,” finished Danil, understanding spreading over his face.
“I wish I could take back my fire.”
Danil’s eyes were tearing now, and they hadn’t done that for many years. Apparently there was emotion remaining in his heart.
“You had to fight me. I would have…killed you.”
“How can I help you?” asked Jon. “I would save you if I could.”
“You already have. I can rest now.”
The pain and hate was gone from the druid. Slowly his wrinkled brow smoothed and Jon believed he saw a smile in his eyes. It suddenly seemed the demon was gone and Danil, the man, had taken his place.
“I think I saw myself in you…” Danil winced with pain and tried to gather his breath, “that day on the road. I didn’t understand why…I had no sentiment for you. I just wanted to kill you. Now you see…what I had become.”
“It wasn’t your fault,” Jon cried, his features twisted with sorrow.
The druid’s eyes closed, and he made a tremendous effort to speak one last time. “I want you to be my friend…will you be my…?”Then, even as Jon gripped his hand, the man slowly sank and exhaled a long, long sigh, as if every last bit of air had left his lungs.
Jon had to back away as flames began to flicker around the druid’s body. The blaze quickly became a raging fire. Within minutes, the wasted body was utterly consumed, leaving not even a piece of clothing and no trace of the man’s previous existence except for a blackened spot on the flagstone floor.
That day, in a parallel world billions of light years from home, Danil died, never again to make the sojourn to his native land. He left behind more than he had ever expected. He had gained an unlikely friend in the very last moments of his life.
Jon’s leg began throbbing, and the pain he hadn’t noticed a moment before came back with a vengeance. He sank to the floor holding his leg. Dorthea hurried to lift his head while Perry anxiously splashed him with water from a flask.
“Just rest,” said Dorthea. Her eyes were red from crying. She had heard most of what had been said.
“You took shrapnel,” said Abeezer, pointing to the small pool of blood collecting by Jon’s ankle.
Dorthea grasped the bottom of her shirt and tore off a small strip, which she wrapped tightly around his lower leg.
“I can’t believe what happened,” said Perry, shaking his head in amazement. “To kill him and then find out he had some good in him after all. I thought he was untouchable and dispassionate.”
“Me, too,” said Abeezer. “We’ve seen him come through the parallel world several times. Even Samstiss would hide from him.”
“You were really strong, Jon,” said Dorthea. “Frightening, almost. I was afraid of you.”
Jon nodded weakly. “I’ve never allowed it all to come like this. It was so much that it hurt.”
The huge Force-field that had surrounded him was gone, and along with it the hyper awareness. Energy slowly returned to his body and in a few minutes his friends were able to help him stand. He limped to the burned flagstones where Danil had expired.
“I have to do something for him,” Jon said. “He needs a marker, even if no-one will see it.”
“Write something on the wall for him,” suggested Dorthea.
“Would you help me?” asked Jon. “I’m not good at poetry.”
“I would be glad to. Here is a good spot and here’s a sharp stone.” The place she indicated was on the western wall and to the side of the temple of the sun mural.
“How about this?” said Dorthea, putting her finger to her mouth in thought.

“He was the last of the Dalphrym, horse and rider born
Whose quest ended here, light-years from his home.
A man wronged in life, condemned to sorrow and pain,
Yet at the end of it all, He could love and smile again.
This was my grandpa, Danil.”

“I like it,” said Jon. “Help me write it?”
So they took the time to cut it deep while Abeezer and Perry kept a lookout for other unwelcome visitors. When it was done, Jon and Dorthea stood back to survey their handiwork. The words were carved into the wall deeply enough to last for eons, and any future visitors to this forsaken place would long be able to see it.
“We need to figure out why this gate won't open,” said Jon, “so we can leave this place. I don’t want to spend another night here, and the day is already fading.”
“Something just isn’t right with the flask,” said Abeezer.
“Change things around,” said Dorthea. “It won’t fix itself.”
Abeezer fiddled with the flask, taking it out and putting it back several times. Jon stood by the gate and pulled the handle at each adjustment. Nothing changed.
“I wonder if it has to be you who places the flask, Dorthea,” said Jon. “Only you could invoke the spell.”
“Okay, that could be,” agreed Dorthea. As she approached the armor she suddenly had another thought. There were two faces! They had placed it in the wrong one!
“Now try it, Jon,” she said, after she’d made the switch.
Jon grabbed the handle and tugged. Again it wouldn’t budge. “Maybe my full strength hasn’t returned yet,” he said.
“Try pushing instead of pulling,” said Dorthea impatiently.
Jon gave the heavy gate a push, and it swung out so quickly that he lost his balance and fell through. Dorthea screamed and lunged to follow, and Perry and Abeezer, fearing the gate would cut them off, tumbled behind. The gate slammed shut, and the visor on the helmet of Janus dropped with a loud clang.



33: Out of the Pit


For several seconds the comrades fell through a brilliantly white vacuum, devoid of either sound or substance. There was no air to breathe for the duration, making the fall seem interminably long. In fact, though, it was only a few moments.
Jon was the first to land, and it was a soft landing, as if he had only fallen a few inches onto soil. Almost immediately, Dorthea landed on his head, flattening him. He pushed her off and struggled to his feet.
The two had barely regained their balance when Perry and Abeezer piled on top. They all struggled to gain their balance, dizzy and shaky, and gazed around them. They were on a narrow ledge, and dirt and stones that they dislodged fell nearly fifty feet into deep water below them. Abeezer, being the roundest, almost dropped over the edge. He didn’t fit well in tight places.
“What is this place?” Dorthea gasped, nearly strangling Jon with a tight grip on his collar.
“I don’t know,” said Jon, leaning hard against the cliff. He reached to help Abeezer up and suddenly was aware that Samuel shared their ledge. The bone mirror was clamped tightly in the young giant’s big hands.
“Sam! How did you get here?” Jon cried.
“Squart!” Samuel bleated. “What happened?”
“We just came from the other world,” said Jon.
“Well, don't move. We’re in the pit!”
“What do you mean by that?” asked Jon.
“Grolegaps. You know, the demon pit.”
“But I thought we came through the Undergate!”
“Maybe that’s not right,” said Abeezer, peering over the edge at the water below.
“You were wrong about the gate, Dorthea,” said Jon. “This is Graolgasp after all. You can apologize any time.”
“It can’t be!” exclaimed the girl. “We’d be in the lake.”
“The sun is setting,” said Samuel in surprise. “How’d it get so late?”
They hugged the cliff and stared at the clear water below. It was nearing dusk but they could see swirling, white shapes there. The sight was mesmerizing, almost hypnotic.
The ledge that supported them was short and narrow, and the side of the face above them was nearly vertical. It was thirty feet to the top, an impossible climb.
“Maybe our only option is to go back into the mirror,” ventured Dorthea.
Abeezer shook his head vigorously. “It’s all or nothing for me. I won’t go back in there again. My family is in this world. I’ll get out of here or die trying.”
“Don’t go back into the mirror, Lad. If you use the other gate you’ll be swimming with the demons below.”
Jon started. He hadn’t heard the head voice since he’d been in the Way of the Gates. “Where is the witch?” he asked.
“No idea. I’m here beside you.”
Jon felt foolish. “Oh, yeah,” he said.
“Be patient. Until I can be moved, both gates lead to the same place.”
“He's talking to his mind-speaker," Dorthea explained to Abeezer and Perry. "Gabriel will get us out of here."
“There is help coming,” the mind-speaker continued. “Othan is almost here.”
“I’d forgotten about Othan,” said Jon.
Almost as if he had heard his name mentioned, Othan’s face appeared above them. “Are you okay down there, Hoss?”
“I’m here and so be the rest!” bellowed Samuel.
“We’re all here!” Jon yelled.
“I know,” called Othan. “Gabriel told me. Don’t worry; I’ll get you out of there. I know a spell…”
Dorthea groaned. “Don’t try that again!” she yelled. “I’m still hauling these clod-hoppers around from your last mistake!”
“Well, perhaps you’d rather stay there.”
“No, that’s okay,” Perry called. “Do your spell.”
Othan spied Ophemus's backpack and shirt exactly where they had dropped in the battle. He opened it and found the rope.
“I’ve got a rope!” the old man shouted triumphantly, uncoiling it and dropping it over the side. “Trouble is I've got a dislocated shoulder. I’ll haul the girl up first, but she can leave those boots down there.”
“Aha!” she cried. “You just admitted that they’re heavy.”
“I didn’t admit anything.”
Dorthea stepped into the loop and Othan tied the other end around his waist. Samuel lifted from beneath until he could no longer reach the girl’s feet, and then Othan was on his own. Dorthea walked her hand up the rock face as she rose. When she neared the top, she yelled at Othan to stop pulling.
Othan paused. "What's wrong?"
“You can’t pull me over the edge without hurting my hands,” called the girl. “Can’t you see? The rope is dragging over the edge. I will climb the rest of the way.”
So Othan held the rope steady while Dorthea pulled herself over the edge of the crater.
The girl thanked him for bringing her up, and Othan looked at her like he didn’t know her. In all his memory, she’d never thanked him for anything.
“I’m sorry if I was a pain to you, Othan,” said Dorthea. “No really!” she laughed, as Othan’s face looked utterly confused.
With Dorthea's help, Othan pulled up the mirror next. It never sustained a scratch because of the spell on it. Jon was next up, and he helped Othan raise Abeezer and Perry in their turns. Soon everyone was out of the pit but Samuel, who was wondering if they’d leave him there. Even if there was enough human power to pull him up the vertical cliff, the rope might not be strong enough to hold him.
“Now what do we do?” asked Dorthea. “We can't leave Samuel down there.”
“I suspect I'll have to use a spell,” said Othan. “Now you shut up, Missy.”
“I didn't say anything.”
Othan called to Samuel: “Hang in there, Hoss. I’m going to get you out of there.”
“I ain’t moving, and my eyes are pasted shot!” Samuel yelled back.
“How do you know what to say in a spell?” asked Dorthea doubtfully.
“The hardest part is the rhyme,” replied Othan. “If I can make a good rhyme, my magical talent will do the rest.”
“Maybe your rhyming needs more work,” commented the girl dryly.
“You just can’t help yourself, can you?” asked Othan. “You're a woman.”
Dorthea opened her mouth to make cutting remark but closed it with a snap. Instead she said; “We all need help sometime, Othan.”
“Can you rhyme things?” he asked her.
“I can try,” she replied, and screwed up her face in concentration.
“How about this?” she said at last. “Bring Samuel out of the pit, and without delay let’s do it.”
“Hmm, I guess it rhymes,” said the old man.
So Othan held his hand over the abyss, closed his eyes and repeated Dorthea’s poem. Then he raised his arms and drew them high as he backed away from the pit. Samuel floated into sight and settled onto solid ground.
“Good spell, eh?” Othan said to Dorthea with a wink.
“You did well,” she said smiling.
“Here you go,” said Othan, taking a pair of moccasins from his backpack and handing them to her.
Dorthea was surprised. “How long have you had these?”
“Always had them,” he said.
“Why didn’t you give them to me before?”
“I didn’t like you before,” he replied.
“Thank-you all the same,” said Dorthea, and then the meaning of his words dawned on her. “Do you like me now?”
“Don’t push it.”
Dorthea slipped on the moccasins, and though they were slightly too large she never said a word.
“It’s great to be back again,” said Jon. “Thanks for telling me about my other grandpa, Pappy.”
Othan turned to face Jon. “Oh, you heard about him?”
“Yes, and you know what? There was good in him.”
“It was amazing,” said Dorthea. “You’d have had to been there to understand.”
“What do you mean? Did you see him?”
“I killed him,” said Jon, “only I wish I hadn’t.”
“He was demon!” Othan cried. “Don’t beat yourself up about killing that monster.”
Dorthea told of the confrontation with the Searcher, and Othan listened intently. While she spoke, Jon loosened the strip of cloth around his ankle. It was beginning to throb, and the bleeding had stopped.
Samuel remembered to introduce Soliah to those she didn’t know. The little sprite had come to his shoulder, and she waved shyly.
Dorthea remembered to introduce Abeezer and Perry to Othan. The two men were so happy to be home that they were giddy. Everyone was happy for that matter, forgetting for a moment that their troubles weren’t completely over.
“Who has the flask?” Othan asked.
Jon stopped in his tracks and hit his forehead. “The flask is still in the helmet!” he cried.
Othan stopped too. “You don’t even have the flask! What did I send you in there for?”
“Well, it was kind of intense when we left,” said Jon meekly.
“Where did you say the flask is?” asked the old man.
“It’s in the helmet of Janus.”
“So that’s how he did it. I never saw where he placed it, though he was the only one who could put it there anyway.”
“Dorthea can place it,” said Abeezer. “She was good with the spell, too.”
“What will happen now?” asked Dorthea. “Can the demons leave the Way of the Gates?”
“If they try the gates, both of them will open, and Samstiss knows the right one for leaving,” said Othan grimly. “Maybe he won’t suspect that you boneheads left it there.”
“Well, I’m not going back for it,” declared Jon.
The only thing we can do now is go to Bleuhaden and find the witch,” commented Othan. “Somehow, we have to force her to undo her spell on Gabriel. Once the spell is lifted, there will no longer be a portal. The flask will do Samstiss no good.”
“I don’t think anyone can make the witch do anything,” said Abeezer.
“We have to try, but if anyone lets on where the flask is, we’re in trouble," Othan said.”
It was getting quite dark. The comrades searched for a suitable spot in the woods to spend the night. In the morning, they would carry the mirror back to Bleumont. With Othan still crippled, travel would be slow.
Soliah led them to the stream, where they built camp for the night. Jon and Dorthea related the rest of their experiences in the Way of Gates by the campfire, and they all shared the contents of Othan’s knapsack. Samuel had his own rucksack and he needed it all.
“There’s something I don’t understand,” said Jon, as they sat around the fire after eating. “How did time relate to both worlds? I found it confusing.”
“Perhaps I can help with that,” said Gabriel. “I had time to think things through. Things that happened in the real world were reflected in the parallel world, but not vice versa, unless the spell was active. Perry would find fresh food on his mother's table because she had put it there and it disappeared as she ate it. However, until the spell was turned on, the inhabitants of the parallel world weren’t present, so the food they ate didn’t disappear in the real world.
“Time in the parallel world mirrored that of the real world. The sun marched from east to west every day, and nighttime came at precisely the same time. If it was raining in the real world, it was raining in the parallel world. When the spell of the flask was active, time continued in both worlds the same as normal. To the unawake people, however, it seemed the time of day suddenly changed when the spell was ended and they awoke again.”
“I remember Samuel wondering why it was already sunset,” said Jon.
“Exactly. Samuel was surprised at the time because he’d just awakened on the ledge and the spell was over.”
“I had the same feeling,” said Othan.
In the morning, the comrades continued through the Graolwoods. The day was bright, and the shadows didn’t seem so gloomy. The Searcher would never again threaten anyone. As for the witch, everyone determinedly pushed thoughts of her out of their minds.
Othan was walking as slowly as Samuel now, and Dorthea wasn’t moving much faster. Her newly acquired slippers kept coming off.
Soliah found a tree with a good spirit, and decided she would make it her new home. Its opening was just right for a sprite, and it was clean and dry inside.
They all said sad goodbyes before they left, and Samuel especially was reluctant to leave, because he had grown fond of his tiny companion. He promised that if he was ever in the area, he would stop by and see her again.
Dorthea and Soliah cried and cried, and said they would meet as often as they could, though they hardly knew each other. Othan said that it was just like women always do; they feel they are the best of friends after only a few minutes acquaintance.
Time moves on, and everyone has to find their own way in life. Soliah’s life was very different from those of her newly found friends, and hereafter they would all remain good friends on the few occasions when they could meet.
Jon and Samuel carried the mirror awhile, and then Abeezer and Perry took a turn. Dorthea even helped out, though she nearly dropped her end a time or two.
Othan had to stop and rest a lot, as his knee and shoulder bothered him greatly. It seemed funny to the youngsters that he was so slow. It wasn't so long ago that his energy was boundless, and they couldn’t keep up with him.



34: The Guard at the Stairs


They left the woods at noon and made it to a farmhouse soon after. The farmer was friendly and his wife was quite a good cook. She served them breakfast. The comrades were all in such good humor that they related the story to their hosts, leaving out names and places, of course.
When they had finished, the farmer offered them a ride to Bleumont in his wagon, not because he’d been going there anyway, but because he’d enjoyed their company and wanted to help. Of course, the comrades were happy to accept.
During the ride back, Othan asked Abeezer and Perry if they would come along to the castle, but both declined. It had been so long since they had seen their families that they couldn't wait another minute and must make haste to Cerea.
"I’m afraid my parents won’t know me anymore since I have changed so much,” said Abeezer.
“You have gained considerable weight, what with all the abundant food we enjoyed,” agreed Perry.
“I will miss them both,” said Dorthea, as they watched the two men disappear down the Cerean road. “Jon, we have to visit them when this business is all done.”
“Okay,” said Jon. “They were good friends to us when we badly needed someone.”
“I learned a lesson from them about thinking pure thoughts,” Dorthea mused, peering sideways at Jon. “Sometimes it’s not so easy to do.”
“I know,” said Jon.
“Really?” She turned big eyes toward him. “You seemed to think otherwise.”
“Sometimes I would be better off shutting my mouth.”
“Well! I never thought you would say that! I’m not so sure I know you now.”
“You’re nuts about the girl, aren’t you!” said Gabriel.
“Am not, mind-speaker!” said Jon.
“Just call me Gabriel, Lad. I'd like that much better.”
“What did the mind-speaker say?” asked Dorthea.
“He said the lad is nuts about you, Missy,” said Othan impishly.
“Haw, haw!” bellowed Samuel.
“Oh, is that what he said?” asked Dorthea, smiling at Jon.
Jon's face was getting hot. “Othan doesn't always tell the truth, Dorthea.”
“Oh, that’s right,” she said, and her smile disappeared.
The comrades spent the night in the vacant house they’d become accustomed to using as their base. Dorthea rubbed her feet gingerly before she lay down. The moccasins had helped, but there were welts and cuts from when they slipped off.
In the morning, they worked on a plan to get into the castle. Dorthea was for using Othan’s invisibility spell. The old man didn’t want to do it that way, but he reluctantly agreed it might become necessary. He said that he didn’t like to use the spell around Bleuhaden, because it involved an aspect of the black-magic, and the witch would be alerted to it immediately. Jon had wondered why Othan had been reluctant to use his extraordinary talent on their first visit, and now it made sense.
Samuel was for tying up the witch without food until she repented and planned a banquet in their behalf.
In the end, Othan’s idea to sneak in without magic won the day.
Midmorning found the comrades winding their way through the bustling city. They had wrapped the mirror in colored paper to conceal it from prying eyes. They hoped to be unremarkable visitors to whom no one would pay attention. They knew the witch had eyes everywhere, and to be picked out from a crowd today wouldn’t be a good thing.
They paused at the blacksmith’s shop to watch a small boy throwing a stick for his dog to fetch. The blacksmith was at his foundry, turning something over in the fire.
There was a steady flow of people going through the outer wall gates to the castle, but there were at least a dozen guards around it, and many more inside the wall.
“There's no hay wagon to climb over today,” said Othan.
“That’s a good thing!” declared Dorthea. “Use your invisibility spell and let’s be done with this nonsense!”
“I said before that it won’t work here, Missy,” said Othan, glaring at her. “Do you think I’m just blowing in the wind?”
Dorthea covered her mouth with her hand, her eyes dancing.
Othan scowled deeply, knowing she was laughing at him.
After waiting and watching others go through the gate, they noticed that several people carried things through without attracting the guards’ attention. Many people lived and worked in the castle, and not everything came in on freight wagons. None of the items carried through were wrapped, and Othan had a bright idea. Why not unwrap the mirror so everyone could see it? Samuel could pretend to be a workman that was to install the mirror in the castle.
Everyone liked the idea, so they unwrapped the mirror and placed it on Samuel’s broad back. The others surrounded him as he walked through the gates. It worked like a charm. The guards were not watching very closely, and no one looked at them with the least bit of suspicion.
They ascended the wide entry steps, walked past another twenty guards or so, and entered the large atrium. Samuel was beginning to sweat profusely, as it was a warmish day. The mirror was awkward to carry, and it weighed the same as a man.
They went through the atrium and entered into the great hall. Othan led the way to the throne room door.
“Is the queen on her throne?” Othan asked a uniformed guard.
“She’s in her library,” was the reply.
“When can we see her for an important matter?”
“No one can see her in her library,” said the guard. “She should be back in the throne room this afternoon.”
The comrades knew the way to the witch's library, of course, and they much preferred to confront the woman there, hoping that was the one place she would be alone. At the circular stairway, however, they were stopped by the security guard. They recognized him as the same one they had seen sleeping earlier.
Othan had to do a fine piece of talking to convince the guard that Samuel was going to install the mirror in one of the chambers upstairs. The guard grudgingly relented, but only to let Samuel pass. The others would have to wait for him on the first floor.
“How do you think one person can install this heavy mirror alone?” asked Othan.
“He could,” said the guard, nodding his head toward Samuel.
“Well, maybe he could, and maybe he couldn’t, but it would be hard, for sure,” said Othan. “You don’t think the Queen would be happy if he dropped it before it was fastened, do you?”
“Okay,” said the guard. “You made your point. Someone can go with him, but only one.”
“You go, Lad,” said Othan. He winked at Jon. He was sure he would be following shortly, despite what the guard said.
“You’ll have to leave the knife, boy,” said the guard.
Jon shrugged and handed it to Othan, and then he and Samuel started up the steps. Dorthea fell in behind them.
“You just stop, girl,” said the guard. “Where do you think you’re going?”
“I’m going to help them hang the mirror like you said I should,” said Dorthea.
“But I didn't say that. I said only one could help, and that’s the young fella there.” The guard jerked his head toward Jon.
“It takes two to hold the mirror straight,” she said. “Who’s going to fasten it to the wall while they hold it?”
The guard sneered. “How are you going to fasten it to the wall?”
“With a hammer and nails, and some rope, of course,” she said quickly, not letting on that it actually stood on a stand.
“Aha!” said the guard triumphantly. “Where’s your hammer?”
“You’ll have to get it for me,” she said. “I can’t do this job without a hammer.”
“But…” the guard frowned and scratched his balding head. Something about this female logic was, well, illogical.
“Don’t you know where a hammer is?” asked Dorthea innocently.
Jon looked at Othan and saw him grinning widely. He tried unsuccessfully to stifle the smile on his own face.
“There’s bound to be one in the maintenance room…Hey, are you trying to get me to leave my post?”
“Goodness, no!” Dorthea exclaimed. “We’ll all wait right here until you get back.”
“Well…” the guard scratched his head again, “I don’t think I should.”
Dorthea put her hands on her hips. “Well, somebody has to get the hammer and nails. What will the queen say? By the way, do you ever sleep while you’re on duty?”
“I’ll get the tools,” he said hastily. “Get off the steps and wait for me to get back.”
When the guard returned with the tools, he found Othan missing.
“Where’s the old guy?” he asked.
“He went to find a hammer,” said Dorthea. “We didn’t think you’d come back.”
“I wasn’t gone that long.”
“Thanks for the hammer and nails,” said Dorthea, taking them from the guard’s hands and starting up the stairs.
Othan, of course, was waiting for them in the hallway above.
The guards were never really serious about protecting the Queen. They knew very well the power she wielded. She could take care of herself, and them to, if need be.
When the comrades regrouped at the library door, Othan put his ear to it and listened. There was no sound, but a strong Force-field throbbed just beyond.
“She’s inside,” he whispered, pulling out a knife he had concealed in a pocket of his dirty trousers. “Everyone get your weapons ready. We have to be quick. She won’t be surprised very long, and then she will be very nasty.”
“I don’t think I can do this,” said Dorthea, hastily returning a small blade into her knapsack. “I’ll just grab her hands.”
“I’ll git my stick as soon as I can set the mare against the wall,” promised Samuel.
“There is a stand for it, dummy,” said Othan.
Jon retrieved his knife from Othan, but his grandfather bade him put it away. “That weapon won’t help us," he said. "What is needed from you is your strongest Force-field ever.”
“I don’t want to do this,” said Jon, his heart in his throat. “The Searcher was bad enough.”
“Let’s get it done, Squart,” said Samuel, sweat dripping off his big nose. “It won’t get easier to stand and wait.”
Jon didn’t have time to disagree. Othan threw open the door and burst into the library, and the others were hot on his heels.
There was a very pretty woman by the oak desk, and she was straightening books. She looked up in alarm as the comrades burst into the room. Othan threw his knife at her, and she ducked just in time to avoid it.
Now throwing your weapon can be a very effective way to fight, as you can inflict damage without coming in reach of your opponent, but there can be a problem if you miss. Should that happen, you no longer have a weapon to use against your rapidly retaliating enemy.
Strangely, however, the witch didn’t react. Something about her manner made everyone stop in their tracks. Her eyes went immediately to the mirror that Samuel dropped on the stand.



35: Joanna


She had dark brown hair, blue eyes, and a face to die for. She looked to be in her mid-thirties. Her complexion was light and she looked delicate, almost defenseless; yet those that could sense her enormous Force-field weren’t fooled. There was no crown on her head, but she was wearing a purple robe with a golden rope around her waist.
Her large eyes were fixed intently on the mirror on the stand.
“The mirror is not yours, Joanna,” Othan said.
The Queen didn’t answer him. She was oblivious to all in the room as she gazed into the mirror.
Jon looked questioningly at Othan, who shook his head and turned to the mirror. A scene was unfolding on the glass. The Searcher was there, and so was Jon.
“Leave us and be gone,” cried Jon’s mirror image.
“Who are you?” rolled an impossibly deep voice.
Jon could sense a resonant, pulsating Force-field coming from the glass, and it was growing to gigantic proportions. He knew part of it was his own Force-field, and his battle with the beast was being replayed on the mirror before them. He covered his eyes with his hands to shut out the vision, yet it was so fresh in his mind, he may have just as well watched the mirror. He could hear the sizzling sound as the channeling began, and the intensity of it all came alive in him. He peeked through his fingers and saw the iridescent ball growing. In the reflection, he threw the ball, and there was a deafening concussion as the Searcher was blasted ten feet backwards.
“No!” the Queen cried. She whirled to face Jon. “You killed Danil!” she said accusingly.
Jon couldn’t deny it, because it had been indisputably on the mirror.
“He was good at the end,” said Jon lamely.
Joanna turned her attention back to the mirror, and when the drama had ended and the mirror went blank, she was sobbing. Her sorrow was touching and bewildering. The comrades exchanged puzzled glances. Nothing had prepared them for this situation.
When the Queen spoke again, she struggled to recover her composure.
“I know you thought Danil was the worst of the demons, and I can’t say I blame you,” said Joanna, wiping her eyes. “He was repulsive at the end. But you didn’t know him well before he was victimized, like I did. He was the uncle I never had, though we weren’t related by blood, and my father’s best friend. After the change I had to distance myself from him, because I no longer trusted what he had become.”
“We left his epitaph on the wall at the forsaken place,” said Jon.
“I am glad, and it is good that you saw his merit at the end.”
He’s been your slave for so long that you forgot his worst actions were at your behest,” Othan sneered. “You have a lot to answer for.”
“You’re afraid of me, aren’t you, Othan?” she asked, wiping her eyes.
He nodded, retreating a step. “I’m not ashamed of that.”
“I confess I’ve wished you harm for your meddling,” she said.
“Oh, you’ve done me plenty of harm,” said the old man, holding up the hand with the missing index finger. “This is only a small part.”
“You were making a grab for father’s flask,” she said. “What did you think I would do?”
The Queen turned to Jon. “Where is the flask?”
“Uh, well…” Jon looked helplessly at Othan. Othan’s eyes were on Joanna, and a deeply puzzled look was on his face.
“Don’t lie to me, now,” she said. “I know you have it.”
“But I…we don’t have it,” said Jon.
The look on her face was disgust, but she didn’t pursue the question and Jon was glad. It wouldn’t do for her to know where it really was.
“I saw you in the mirror,” she said. “When I saw your friend produce the flask from around his neck, I had to find a place to hide. I didn’t see your confrontation with Danil later because I was unawake. Your name is Jon, isn’t it?”
“Yes.” Jon looked quickly at Othan, who was staring slack-jawed at the Queen.
“Aren’t you going to introduce me to the others, Jon?” she asked. “Don’t bother about Othan. I already know him better than I'd like.”
Jon cleared his throat. “Sure, I can do that," he said. "This big guy that brought in the mirror is my good friend, Samuel.”
“And why do you have a club in your hand, Samuel?”
“Well, now, I was just carrying it along…” The big fellow’s voice trailed off and he began to whistle.
She made a careless gesture, as if to say it didn’t matter. “Who else is with you, Jon?”
“Now look here, Joanna, we’re here for a reason, and you’re just stalling for time,” said Othan impatiently.
Joanna’s eyes flashed, and she silenced Othan with a gesture of her hand. “You still haven’t introduced everyone, Jon.”
“Okay, um…this is Dorthea. She’s a friend of mine, too.”
The Queen’s eyes went to the girl and her face lit up with a bright smile. Then something happened that astonished everyone, including Dorthea. The Queen dashed to the girl and seized her in a tight hug. It happened so fast that Othan nearly soiled himself.
“Dorthea!” cried the Queen. “So that’s your name. I hoped it was you when I saw you in the mirror!”
“Stay away from that girl!” shouted Othan, brandishing the knife he had retrieved. “Get away from her, Dorthea! She’ll hurt you.”
“Hurt her?” said the Queen, turning to face the old man. “I would never hurt her. She is my daughter.”
“Yes, I know,” said the girl, taking Joanna’s hand.
“Well I know it, too,” stammered Othan.
Joanna stepped back to look at Dorthea closely. “You’re so beautiful!” she said warmly.
“Thank-you,” said Dorthea, her eyes shining.
“You were taken from me, you know,” said Joanna.
“Look,” said Othan, “She was taken from you when you threatened to have her killed. Serah took her away to save her life.”
“Have her killed!” cried Joanna. “Wherever did you hear such a thing?”
“Antone told Serah,” said the skinny man. “It was wicked, Joanna!”
“You really hate me, don’t you, Othan?” asked Joanna.
“He just hates all women,” said Dorthea.
“Oh, does he now?” said the queen, smiling at Dorthea. “I’m not really surprised to hear you say that.”
She turned back to Othan. “Your information is tainted, Othan. Antone was my counselor and good friend. He wouldn’t say such a thing. It’s a fabrication by someone. By the way, who is Serah?”
“You knew her as Rebecca,” said Othan. “She changed her name and that of the girl so you could never find them.”
“Ah, Rebecca,” said the Queen. “I loved her so, and one day she kidnapped my baby. I’m not sure I shall ever forgive her.”
“She was a wonderful mother,” said Dorthea, “but she died from a fall just recently.”
“I’m sorry to hear it,” said Joanna, her eyes suddenly moist. “Maybe I was wrong about her, but I’m sure Antone would never have done this to me.”
Othan stroked his yellowish mustache, a baffled look on his face. This woman was the best actress he’d ever seen.
“There’s another matter,” said Othan. “You must undo the spell you placed on Gabriel at once. He started life as a human, you know.”
She frowned, seemingly puzzled. “I don’t understand.”
“Do you deny that you put a spell on Gabriel?”
“A spell on Gabriel?” she spoke slowly. “Danil’s son? He was the man that came with you to steal the flask, wasn’t he?”
“You’re toying with me!” Othan squeaked.
“And you’ve prejudged me, Othan. I don’t know you well, so how can you presume to know me so well? When you and Gabriel came to take my father’s flask, I was angry and rightfully so.”
Othan shook his head. “You’re being devious. Be honest and call the flask your flask. You had your father killed and took it from him.”
“Oh yes, what about that?” asked Dorthea, wishing she’d never heard the story. She was beginning to like her mother very much.
“I had nothing to do with father’s death,” declared Joanna. “Who said that I did?”
“I don’t know,” said the old man irritably. “Where did you hear it, Gabriel?”
“I heard it from Antone that the Searcher killed Samstiss and Joanna took the flask.”
Othan looked at Jon, whose Force-field had disappeared completely. “Gabriel heard it from Antone,” he said dully. He looked sheepish.
Joanna was silent for a moment, and when she spoke again, it was with great sadness. “I guess I didn’t know Antone so well.”
“You sure didn’t,” said Othan.
“Antone was a complicated man,” went on Joanna, ignoring the jab. “At times he was so congenial I felt fortunate to have him as an advisor. At other times, he was withdrawn and aloof, yet I never took him as a liar. I don’t recall an instance that I knew he had been dishonest with me. Perhaps I trusted and depended on him too much.”
“What about your father’s death?” asked Dorthea. She wanted everything cleared up. She just knew there was a legitimate answer to the question.
“After Danil was changed into the unspeakable thing he’d become, Father tried to kill him and badly misjudged Danil’s strength,” said Joanna. “He’d become convinced that the Searcher coveted the flask. I found out later that Danil had thrown him into Graolgasp in a fit of rage.”
“That explains it!” exclaimed Dorthea. “I can love you with all my heart!”
Mother and daughter hugged each other tightly, again. They were making up for lost time.
“What else did Antone say about me?” asked Joanna, still holding Dorthea.
“Well, everyone thought that you were the Graolwitch who wouldn’t hesitate to kill us all if you gained control of the flask,” Othan said uncomfortably.
“But who turned father into the bone mirror, then?” asked Jon. “Who made that awful spell?”
“I could have been deceived about that,” said Gabriel. “I assumed Joanna was responsible for turning me into this mirror, but the truth is I was unconscious when it happened.”
“I’m not repeating anything you say, son,” said Othan, disgusted.
“I will, then,” said Jon. “Father said he may be wrong about you turning him into the mirror, your…um highness. Do you know what happened?”
“Wysel gave this mirror to me a few weeks ago as a gift,” said Joanna. “What a gift that was. I knew it was an enchantment that could let us all see things unseen, but I had no idea it was a living person.
“As for where Gabriel has been for the last sixteen years since trying to steal the flask from me, I don’t know the answer. Ask him for me, Jon, why did he wait so long before calling for help? Why didn’t he ask someone to free him in all those years?”
“I know the answer to that one,” said Jon. “He was conscious only after he’d become the enchanted mirror.”
“He was the coat rack!” said Joanna with sudden insight. “I’d wondered where it had gone.”
Othan just shook his head and muttered to himself. “I can hardly believe Wysel had the power to create the new portal in the mirror, though I suppose transferring all that condensed power from the closet wasn’t as hard as creating it in the first place.”
“I always thought you under-estimated Wysel’s strength, Othan. He was on a par with Samstiss himself, though without the absurdly profound knowledge of the dark side of magic.”
“I think Joanna’s telling the truth, Othan,” said Dorthea decidedly. “You were really wrong.”
Joanna smiled at her warmly. “Thank you for that, Dorthea. It will be so delightful to have you living here with me.”
“What was my name when I was born?” asked the girl.
“It doesn’t matter,” said Joanna. “I love the name Dorthea, and Dorthea you shall stay.”



36: Samstiss Returns


A movement on the mirror caught their eyes; an approaching image that was distorted and at first barely visible in a murky, white fog. It came closer and grew larger until a foot extended through the glass, black and crusty. Othan uttered an exclamation as the remainder of a badly disfigured man stepped through the plane of the glass, bringing with him a towering Force-field and a rank odor. The flask was hanging around the new-comer’s neck for everyone to see.
Samstiss stood in front of the mirror and studied the faces around him. His glance rested on Dorthea and his lip curled in disgust. “You left the flask in the helmet, you fool. Once the talisman is in the helmet, it triggers the mechanism and can be removed. Your stupidity was my gain this time.”
“Father!” cried Joanna.
“Thanks a bunch for rescuing me, Joanna,” Samstiss said. “Don’t give me an excuse. You had the flask.”
“I tried to save you, but after seeing what you’d become…”
“When did you see me?”
“I went into the way of gates to find you,” she said. “Believe me; the mirror doesn’t do justice to what you truly are, and I heard you say you would kill me the next time we met.”
“Guess what, this is the next time we met,” he said with an evil grin. “And here we are; two monarchs with one kingdom. Only one can rule. Where does that leave you?”
“I have no regrets for leaving you there. So be it, then, if this is what you want. Dorthea, step away from me.”
“I won’t,” said Dorthea, holding tight to her arm.
“Do you think you can save her, witless girl?” demanded the demon, his black face contorted with hatred. “I’d like to kill you both.”
“Away, Dorthea,” said Joanna sharply, and she shoved Dorthea toward Jon and Samuel.
“Where did you hide when the spell was active?” asked Samstiss. “I’m mystified. I looked everywhere for you.”
Joanna shuddered. “Would I tell you? I knew very well what you would do if you found me.”
The demon didn’t answer her question, but a mean smile was on his face. “I can kill you Joanna. I am stronger than you now that I’ve become a demon. There’s nothing you can do to save yourself from me.”
Jon moved toward Joanna, and his Force-field was beginning to build. “I will help her against you,” he said quietly. “You’re not so much.”
“What do you think of that?” piped up Othan gleefully. “This youngster killed Danil, the man who dwarfed you. The scale has tipped a bit, no?”
“No,” said Samstiss. “It’s not in the prophecy that he will kill me.”
“Prophecy, shmophecy!” mocked Othan disdainfully. “I say if the lad turns against you, your prophecy will change right abruptly.”
“Shut up, Othan,” growled the sorcerer. “I’m still angry at you for leaving the assembly. We had a good thing going until Danil threw me into Graolgasp. It was such a wonderful setup, and it was me that figured it out. It was all my invention.”
“I'll admit there was a time when I thought it would be exciting to go into that mysterious realm of yours,” said Joanna. “But after seeing you for what you’d become, I couldn't leave fast enough. I almost didn't find my way out again. I was lucky enough to have read your note about the serpent in the trellis, so I knew which gate came home. That’s when I composed the riddle to help me find my way if I ever wanted to try again.
“It was well written,” said Dorthea.
“Where was the note about the serpent?” Jon wanted to know.
“In one of father’s books,” said Joanna. “I’d read most of them from cover to cover.”
“I certainly didn’t put it there for you,” said the demon.
“You’re so charming, father,” she said. “I will say this, if I had gone back to the Way of Gates, it would have been to rescue two innocents I saw there. The problem was that I lost the flask.”
Othan grimaced.
“I have it now and I’ll use it,” said the sorcerer. “We’re from different worlds, you and me. There is not room enough in this whole kingdom for us both.”
There was quiet confidence on Joanna’s face as she faced her cadaverous father. No matter what happened now, she had been vindicated of the rumors that had swirled about her character in recent years. Even Othan, her worst critic, had seen the truth.
“And you can’t stay in my world,” she said. “You can only go back to your demon’s world.”
Samstiss glanced at Jon. The youngster’s Force-field was terrifying, just like the Searcher’s had been. Yet Samstiss knew how he would die. It would be a violent death, but it wouldn’t be now. He had seen it all in a prophetic dream not long ago, and his killer wasn’t in the room.
“When I was young, I loved you so much, father,” said Joanna, her eyes tearing. “What happened? Why did you turn against me so?”
Samstiss didn’t answer. He remembered the small girl that had brought him a bouquet of flowers so long ago. She had been such a sweet child, but she had grown so powerful, and a powerful heir is always a threat to the crown.
“Even now, I do not wish to kill you,” Joanna whispered. “Please go back.”
“He’s a demon, Joanna,” squeaked Othan. “You can never trust him again. He must not leave this room today.”
Samstiss glanced at Jon, who was watching him closely. What was the youngster thinking, and what part would he play?
Suddenly there was a snap at Samstiss’s neck, and he was stunned to see his precious flask flying to Joanna’s outstretched hands.
“The flask must be destroyed!” she cried, and before Samstiss could come to his startled senses, she gripped the flask and ripped it apart. The strong leather pouch tore suspiciously easily in her small hands, and the enchanted thyme fell to the floor in a thousand granular pieces.
“No!” bellowed Samstiss in a strangled voice.
All were taken aback by the sudden gesture, Othan most of all. “I was wrong,” he gasped. “I thought Dorthea would have to destroy the flask. I never dreamed that Joanna would be the one to do it!”
Then there was a crack and two loud pops. The mirror stretched three dimensionally and a man burst from the flat form. A dark haired man, as tall as Jon, had replaced the mirror.
Gabriel brought with him a Force-field that matched Jon’s; an impenetrable, pulsating wall of power. It surrounded him with a visible glow, and subdued and dwarfed the power of the demon.
Samstiss uttered an oath, and his bald eyes nearly popped from his head. Gabriel was here after all, the man of the prophecy that would kill him. He had known Gabriel at once in the vision, but did not know his enemy had become the mirror. Instinctively, he channeled at the newcomer with all his power.
Gabriel was taken by surprise, and though he answered with his own volley in a split second, he narrowly missed being blown away in a beat of his heart. The elder sorcerer had nearly been too quick for him. He met the demon’s flare when it was almost at his hand, and after a moment his thrust began to push Samstiss’s back.
Time moved in slow motion for Samstiss, as he backed away from Gabriel’s insurmountable attack. He was living the very dream of the prophecy, and now it was for real. He could both see and feel Gabriel’s channeling eat along his Force-fire. The contact point was all too soon at his hands. The dynamic roar of unleashed power was deafening.
Then Samstiss’s hands were burning, and he knew his end was at hand. All his knowledge of black-magic and the books of his library couldn’t help him now.
Yet, there was still one thing he could do, and it had nothing to do with magic. With a desperate lunge, he disappeared behind Samuel's broad back, forcing Gabriel to stop his assault. Once free of Gabriel’s threat, he rushed through the door and was gone.
Gabriel wavered from the exertion, and Jon sprang to steady him. His father was weak from the effects of the spell.
Joanna hurried from the room with Dorthea following close behind. “Come on, Jon!” cried Dorthea, halfway through the door. “We have to make sure Samstiss doesn’t try to take over the throne room.”
They rushed down the stairs, startling the guard at the bottom. “Hey, how’d you all get up there,” he shouted. “I told you not to…” His words were lost to them as they hurried after the Queen. At the throne room door, they rushed past more guards who were still reeling from Joanna’s frantic appearance.
Samstiss was nowhere in sight when they entered. Several anxious guards followed them in, wondering what was going on, and they all breathed a sigh of relief to see the Queen on her throne. Othan plopped down on a chair. He was still sore from his earlier injuries and had strained himself with his exertion. Samuel sat too, always looking to take a load off his feet.
Joanna was speaking with her guards and Dorthea sat on the dais. The girl saw Samuel and Jon watching her and flashed them a happy smile.
“She’s sure happy,” said Jon. “She got everything she wanted in the end.”
“Couldn’t a happened to a nicer girl,” commented Samuel. “You’d better woo her quick, Squart, or she’s gonna be gone.”
“What?” asked Jon, looking first at Samuel and then at Dorthea.
“You’d be wise to listen to your friend,” said Gabriel.
“I wasn’t arguing,” said Jon.
The four men were silent for a minute, watching with interest. Neither Jon nor Samuel had ever seen such a place, and it was fascinating to be there.
After a time, Jon spoke up. “Did Danil ever frighten you when you married mom?” he asked.
“He was stern, I’ll give him that,” said Gabriel with a smile, “but he was always there for us. He was as good as a man as he was bad as a demon. I’m glad you got to know him, even if it was in the worst circumstances possible. Your mother would have been proud of the epitaph you wrote for him, as I am.”
“It makes me sad to remember it,” said Jon. “I hope to forget it.”
“Mouth speaking is better than mind-speaking, isn’t it, Lad?”
“It sure is, though I’m glad we had it when we did. I don’t know how we’d have known what to do without it.”
“We’d be at home and Gabriel would still be a mirror,” muttered Othan.
“I’ve been wondering why Joanna was picking up books when we entered the library,” said Jon. “Do you think it had something to do with the mess in the parallel world?”
“Good question,” said Gabriel. “It most certainly did. The demon’s library mess didn’t show up in the real world until the spell was activated by Dorthea. The worlds were combined and that’s what caused it. After you left the parallel world and the spell was broken, Joanna found the mess when she returned. Many of the books were ripped and had to be removed for repair. She was just finishing up when you came in.”
“What will happen to the remaining demons in the Way of the Gates?” asked Jon.
“It’s no longer a Way of Gates,” reminded Othan. “The gates are gone with the destruction of the spell, and the poor devils will be there until they die, I suspect. Demons do die, but it takes a long time.”
“What if Samstiss constructs the spell again?” asked Samuel.
“He could do that, I guess,” said Othan. “It would be an easy way for him to kill Joanna. If he can find her during the spell, that is.”
“I wouldn’t feel so safe myself,” said Jon.
“Everything would have been perfect if Samstiss hadn’t gotten away,” said Gabriel.
“It’s a good thing your knife missed the Queen, huh Pappy?” asked Jon.
“You’ve got that right,” admitted Othan.
“How many people could really activate the spell of the flask?” asked Samuel.
“Just three could do it: Samstiss, Joanna, and Dorthea,” said Othan. “It strictly followed that blood line.”
“Where is Dorthea’s father?” asked Jon.
“Dorthea’s father was Prince Faurfell of the Meridian Isles,” said Gabriel. “After all that has happened, I suspect the Prince discovered damaging information about either Antone or Wysel and was eliminated because of it.”
“It sounds pretty bad for Antone,” commented Jon.
“You might say that,” said Othan. “I knew him when he was Samstiss’s advisor. I’m surprised Joanna was fooled by him, just like her father was before her.”
“Course, you weren’t fooled, Othan,” said Samuel shrewdly.
The old man gave him a sour look and opened his mouth as if to deliver a sharp retort, and then he chuckled ruefully and shook his snowy head. “I was fooled more than anyone, Hoss,” he cackled. “In fact, I can’t believe how utterly I was fooled.”



37: The Queen’s Banquet


Dorthea was a busy girl for the next several days. She and Joanna spent time learning about each other’s life events of the last fourteen years, and later she and Monte went searching the country for old and lost relatives.
Monte’s appearance at the throne room door had made Dorthea very happy. The wizard had heard of the Queen’s innocence during his journey north, as had nearly every other soul in the Kingdom by this time, and he asked Joanna’s permission to take Dorthea on a family finding tour. The truth was that there were few relatives to be found other than Joanna’s Uncle Fanelon Strauburgh, and he proved to be hard to ferret out. Fanelon had feared the Queen’s disloyalty and had faked his death by shipwreck; a convenient account that didn’t require a body to be credible. It was only through an old friend’s cooperation that Monte and Dorthea located him in the Seaside village of Cardington, and though he’d heard recently of the Queen’s innocence, he needed their assurance before he would admit his true identity.
Peeter became good friends with Jon and Samuel, and stayed with them while Monte accompanied Dorthea on her family finding quest. Clestor had joined Peeter and Monte in their journey to Bleumont because he could no longer be happy on his square of sidewalk. Besides, he had stopped drinking, and he determined to make something new of himself at this late hour of his life.
Meanwhile, Uncle Julian came to Bleumont to see his lost brother, Gabriel. One day, the two of them happened to stop by the smithy at Market Street to visit with the owner. Jon and Samuel tagged along because they were bored. Later, Peeter and Clestor dropped by and were introduced to the resident blacksmith and his son Chad.
“I’m Ansel,” said the brawny craftsman, wiping his coal-blackened hands with a dirty rag. When he saw Clestor, he was taken aback.
“You sure look familiar,” Ansel said. “Have we met?”
Clestor said nothing, but a crooked smile was on his face.
“You have the cowpokedest likeness to my Dad,” said the smith.
“Hello Ansel,” said Clestor sheepishly. “I hardly recognize you. You were pretty young when I left.”
“Where have you been all this time?” asked Ansel, a huge smile on his face.
“Mostly on my backside on a sidewalk in Denton City,” said Clestor. “I stayed by my brother’s place.”
“I sure wish you’d have come back sooner. I have a boy now. Where is Chad?”
Samuel and Chad were playing fetch the stick with Chad’s puppy, and that was fine until Sam threw the stick so hard it struck a passerby. The pup, true to his training, returned the stick to a red-faced Samuel, identifying him as the person who had thrown it.
Clestor watched the youngster running with the pup, so full of energy and promise, and brushed his eyes with a trembling hand. “Fact is, I was afraid you would hate me, Ansel,” he said. “I’ve been a terrible father.”
“Chaff in the wind,” said Ansel, with a tear in his own eye. “You don't get a gift like this every day. I’m just happy to see you again.”
Julian was well known for his sword-making craft, and Ansel persuaded him to demonstrate. It was just like old times to Jon, and he was thrilled to help his Uncle again. He hammered the hot metal with eagerness, striking between Julian's powerful strokes.
Sweat was soon dripping off their noses, for the heat from the forge and the hot metal was stifling. To Jon's surprise, it was hard to keep in rhythm with his uncle. He had lost some of his proficiency from lack of practice, and since it takes two to keep the rhythm, Julian was partly at fault himself. It had been a couple months since they'd hammered together.
Gabriel took his turn at the anvil, though he didn’t last long, for his muscles were unused to the labor. He soon handed the hammer back to Jon, blowing like the bellows of the forge.
At one time, Othan had lived in Balogarten, and Gabriel and Julian were apprenticed to the resident blacksmith there. After Othan left for Sanbalem to hobnob with Monte, Gabriel and Julian stayed at Balogarten and purchased the shop from their retiring mentor.
Capricious fate later touched Gabriel’s life. His wife, Lucinda, died while he was asleep, but he awoke having gained a son.
“Put your back into it, Lad,” said Gabriel. “You’re rusty and slow.”
Samuel snickered. “He’s thinking of the girl.”
Jon dropped his hammer, and Julian stopped his swing in mid-air. “Take a break, son,” he said. “Don't let their banter bother you.”
“I’m okay,” said Jon, standing back and breathing hard. “The louts don’t bother me.”
It was market day, and there were multitudes of people at the tables nearby. The furious cadence from the open sided shop had drawn a small crowd of onlookers, curious to see what was being forged. Samuel and his new friend, Chad, were forced into the little shop by the pressing throng.
There was a commotion among the bystanders, and the gathering moved aside to make way for someone. Ansel looked up to see what it was about, and his eyes widened.
Jon followed his glance and was startled to see Dorthea standing there, dressed in beautiful clothes, and on her feet were the daintiest of shoes. Her hair had been done by the Queen’s own hairdresser, and she was a sight to see. For the moment, Jon couldn’t take his eyes off her.
“Jon, aren’t you finished?” she asked, pushing her way into the heat of the shop. “We’ve been waiting for you to come to the palace.”
Jon tugged at his collar, taken aback. She was like a breath of fresh air in the heat of midday. His face flushed crimson as he saw the onlookers grinning at him. Dorthea sure had a way of attracting attention.
Julian frowned. “What now?” he asked.
“You’re all coming to the banquet tonight, aren’t you?” Dorthea asked. “You mustn’t keep Joanna waiting.”
Jon rubbed his sooty hands and smiled at her. “We’ll be there soon,” he said, “very soon.”
“Oh my!” she said, taking a close look at him. “You’re as dirty as a pig. It will take an hour for you to get cleaned up.” She licked her finger and swiped it on his cheek.
Jon quickly rubbed the spot, but his fingers were dirtier than his cheeks, and he succeeded in smearing his face. Now it looked like he was painted for war.
“There is still time before the banquet, and we'll be done by and by,” said Julian. “We’ll come as soon as we finish.”
“Well hurry, then. I’ll be waiting in the palace, Jon!” she called over her shoulder as she left.
Julian smiled, and signaled Ansel to put the blade into the hot coals again. “She’s a bombshell, hey Lad?” he said, winking at Gabriel, who was grinning from ear to ear.
“You saw her,” said Jon. “She’s perfect.”
When the hammering was done and the sword was cooling, Ansel offered them all a cup of tea. “I would really like to be able to make such a nice piece myself,” he said.
“You know the process,” said Julian with a shrug. “With practice, you can do the same.”

Queen Joanna reclaimed her authority of the crown and called her forces home. Elsinore, the Kingdom of the five Duchies, could now begin the healing process. Diplomatic efforts were already under way to bring the empire into more harmonious relations.
Jon, Peeter and Samuel washed and changed into clean clothes, though Samuel’s clothes didn’t fit him at first. A seamstress had to be called to fix the problem.
The three boys went to the great hall together, where several rows of tables had been set up. Many of the chairs were already filled with guests, and others were mingling and talking happily. The great room was an impressive sight, with its blue marble walls and black gas lamps. Festive decorations abounded.
“Over here Jon!” Dorthea called when she saw them. She was seated at the center of a row of tables by the dais.
The youths hurried to the table. Monte, Othan and Julian were already seated close by.
“That’s you, Jon,” said Dorthea, indicating a spot directly across from her. “Hello Peeter,” she smiled at her former cousin. “It is surely good to see you here.”
“So sorry about Serah,” said Peeter.
“I know. I wish she could have been here.”
“Where can I sit?” asked Samuel, showing some concern.
“Just use two chairs and hush,” said Jon. “No one will even notice.”
Two rats dressed in human clothes seated themselves at a tiny table in the space between Monte and Ceryyl’s plates, and some of the people involuntarily backed away.
“What are those?” Dorthea squeaked.
“They are people, Dorthea,” said Monte. “These are my friends, Rodan and Rosan, from Denton City.”
“They are people?” asked Dorthea doubtfully. “I don’t see how…”
“They were enchanted,” said Peeter.
“Oh,” was all the girl could say.
Abeezer and Perry had come for the occasion, and they had their parents in tow. Perry proudly introduced his mother to Jon and Dorthea. His father had died while he was very young.
“It has been so good to be back and see my mother,” said Perry. “We have spent most of the time just talking and getting to know each other again.”
“Thank you, children, for bringing my Perry back,” said his mother. “He was so young when I lost him, and I never knew what had happened to him. No one knew. One day, he just didn't come home again.” Her eyes were filled with tears, but they were happy tears.
Then a silence came over the gathering, and Joanna entered from the throne room. Now she wore her crown and she looked very regal. Everyone hastened to bow, and the Queen graciously motioned them to their seats. She stepped onto the dais built there just for the occasion and gave a little speech.
She said she was very happy that things had worked out the way they had, and now that certain people were gone from the palace, she hoped to be the Queen they needed.
Everyone clapped and cheered, glad to see the Queen so happy. There was probably not a dry eye in the room. All had been favorably surprised that their ruler was really a good person.
Then Joanna asked Jon, Samuel, Dorthea and Othan to stand so she could recognize their unselfish achievements. She said that if it hadn’t been for the efforts of these four fine people, the serious issues facing Elsinore may have never been resolved. She didn’t mention the Way of the Gates, for few in that room knew of its existence anyway.
She said that Dorthea was her daughter, the princess, and she was very proud of her. She told of how the girl had gone willingly into a dangerous place, and how she had found a lost talisman for the good of the Kingdom.
Dorthea smiled and waved as the people cheered, like Jon knew she would.
Then the Queen talked of Jon’s contribution, and how he had shown courage in great adversity. The youth had grown into a man, and would forever be an asset to the Kingdom.
She spoke of Othan, but she didn’t mention what a coarse man he was, or how his views on gender were from medieval times. She also didn’t mention he had been trying his best to kill her.
She mentioned Samuel and the courageous stand at Graolgasp against all odds. Everyone cheered again, and Samuel grinned and bowed happily.
Then the Queen asked Peeter and Monte to stand and be recognized. She told of the battle for Denton City, and how justice had been served correctly. She told of Peeter’s courage and his stand against brutality.
Last of all, she spoke of Gabriel, and how he been under a dreadful spell for sixteen years.
Then the Queen came to the table, and she seated herself between Dorthea and Fanelon. Fanelon appeared a wee bit uncomfortable in his black suit and tie, but he looked very happy. He placed his big hand over Joanna’s and smiled at her.
“I have missed you, Joanna,” he said. “I thought about you a lot, but always as the young girl I knew.”
“And I missed you,” she replied. “What have you been doing all the time you were hiding from me, Fanelon?”
“I have been very fortunate,” he said humbly. “I have my own fleet of trawling ships, and I service two popular tables at the marketplace. I sell my morning’s catch every afternoon.”
The plates of steaming food were handed down the table, and Samuel, after Dorthea’s frantic coaching, made a great effort to be civil and not over-fill his plate. This was not the place to indulge one's hunger, she had said, but to eat small bites and smile a lot. Samuel had no problem smiling, but to eat delicately was hard for him.
“Did you see my necklace and earrings, Jon?” asked Dorthea, fingering the beautiful diamond necklace around her neck.”
Jon’s eyes widened. “Where did you get them?” he asked. “They look really expensive.”
“Oh, they are,” said Dorthea. “They were given me by Serah, my…my childhood caregiver, and mother gave them to Serah when I was tiny. I brought them all the way from Enderlawn in my rucksack.”
“It’s good to see them again, Dorthea, and even more so on you. They make you look noble.”
“That’s the right word,” said Jon.
“I’m glad,” said Dorthea, and she colored a little.
“You’re lucky Othan didn’t know you had them at the gypsy camp,” said Samuel. “He’d a taken them away.”
“He would not!” she exclaimed.
“Thank you, Jon, for bringing Dorthea safely home from the faraway world,” said Joanna. “I can hardly express how happy she has made me.”
“Hey, she brought me home,” said Jon. “She figured everything out. I was stumped most of the time.”
Dorthea wrinkled her nose at him. “That’s generous of you,” she said. “You surprise me sometimes.”
Ceryyl Sebra was close by, and he cleared his throat. “There is one thing I would ask, your majesty. Would you consider reversing the spell on Rodan’s family?”
“I confess I don’t know the spell,” said Joanna, but with help from a few magicians like Monte, Gabriel and…yes, you too, Othan, if you’ve gotten over your intense hatred of me, we will look through all of Father’s books and see what we can do. It was one terrible spell among several.”
“It was Samstiss’s spell, though Wysel did the deed,” said Othan. “It should be in one of your library books.”
The food was good and soon everyone’s plate was empty. Waiters cleared the tables while new plates were brought for cake and cream. Jon looked at the approaching trays of dessert uncomfortably.
“I may have to pass on this,” he said.
“Don’t turn it away,” said Samuel. “I’ll eat it.”
Dorthea leaned and whispered something in her mother’s ear, and the two of them looked at Jon.
“What are your plans, Jon?” asked the Queen. “Will you stay?”
“I’ve been thinking about it,” confessed Jon. “If I can find something to do, I’d like to stay.”
“Why would you do that, Squart?” asked Samuel with a furrowed brow.
Jon shrugged. “Dorthea’s here,” he said.
“Oh my,” said Dorthea with a smile. “I like that. Squart!”
