
TIME FOR DEATH
Christie Silvers

TIME FOR DEATH
Copyright © January 2012 Christie Silvers
SECOND EDITION
ISBN 978-1-105-46471-3


All rights reserved.  The reproduction, transmission or utilization of this work in whole or in part in any form by any electronic, mechanical or other means, now known or hereafter invented, including xerography, photocopying and recording, or in any information storage or retrieval system, is forbidden without written permission. For permission, please contact Christie Silvers, 426 Smyrna Circle, Chatsworth, Georgia 30705.

This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, incidents, and places are products of the author’s imagination, and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is entirely coincidental.

For more information about this book or its author visit
http://www.christiesilvers.com
CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 2
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER 4
CHAPTER 5
CHAPTER 6
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8
CHAPTER 9
CHAPTER 10
CHAPTER 11
CHAPTER 12
CHAPTER 13
CHAPTER 14
CHAPTER 15
CHAPTER 16
CHAPTER 17
CHAPTER 18
CHAPTER 19
CHAPTER 20
CHAPTER 21
CHAPTER 22
CHAPTER 23
CHAPTER 24
CHAPTER 25
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

CHAPTER 1




“Come on, Liz.  You know it’ll be a blast.  We always have fun when we go out to Fosters Cemetery,” Rick begged while straddling a bar stool in front of me as I poured long-time patron and mother-figure, Adele, another shot of Jack Daniels.
Rick’s green eyes sparkled with the thoughts of our previous romps around the county’s supposed haunted graveyard.  Not that I blame him, we do always have a good time out there.  I resisted the urge to swipe his blonde hair away from his face--it would just provoke him further--and started wiping down the bar counter top instead.
I’ve known Rick ever since high school.  He was the small, skinny, geeky guy friend that most girls have.  He hung around like a lost puppy, trying to include himself in any activity I was involved in, until I finally had to give in and notice him.  He’s been one of my best friends ever since, even though he has wanted more than that ever since.
Two years ago, a drunken, lonely evening turned us into a little more than friends.  He’d always had his women, as I’ve had my men, but we also had each other when things went sour in our other relationships, as it always does.  I suppose it was just natural that we would finally gravitate toward one another after all these years.  Not that we were technically dating, or linked together by any other means, but everyone who knew us referred to us as “Rick and Liz”.
“Not right now, Rick.  You can see how busy it is tonight,” waving my hand around to acknowledge the large crowd waiting in line for drinks.  “Susan didn’t show up for her shift and Chad has no idea how to mix drinks.”
Susan, my longtime waitress, has trouble remembering to come to work sometimes.  I often wonder why I keep her around.  Chad, well, Chad may be smokin’ hot, but he was only trained as the bar’s bouncer.
“Please, Liz,” Rick pleaded.  “Just for a little while?”  He batted his eyelashes and stuck out his bottom lip in his favorite pouty expression.
I couldn’t help smiling at his persistence.  I knew that I was the only girl who would go romping through the graveyard with him.  His eagerness was showing, and the begging was distracting me from my duties behind the bar.
Shouting over the roar of the blender mixing yet another strawberry margarita for the petite red-head in the corner, I conceded, “Okay, go away and I’ll meet you after I close up.”
He flashed his bright smile at me and hopped off the bar stool instantly.  “Victory!” he shouted with arms raised in triumph.  I rolled my eyes, switching off the blender and pouring the icy mixture into the awaiting glass.   “I’ll see you later then,” he smiled, with a quick peck on my lips and a dash for the door.
I knew that I shouldn’t, but I glanced over at Adele.  She was grinning like a loon, and even though she hadn’t spoken yet, I knew what she was thinking.  “Don’t say it, Adele,” I pleaded.
But she did anyway.
“That boy has the hots for you more than you realize, Liz.  When will you put him out of his misery and just marry the guy?” she asked with a sincerity that I imagine my mother would have if she were still alive.
“Ah, Adele.  I don’t know about that.  Rick enjoys having a willing fuck-buddy, but I doubt he’s the marrying type,” I replied with a wink and a smile, before mixing a Long Island Iced Tea for the next customer in line.
With a shrug, Adele’s interest quickly returned to her third serving of Jack.  It would be her last one for tonight if I had anything to say about it, and I do since it’s my bar.  I went back to handing out drinks left and right bottled and draft beers, daiquiris, more margaritas and numerous shots of my stronger liquids until the crowd slowly dispersed.
It didn’t take long for Adele to finish off that last glass.  When she held it up for another I simply shook my head and she knew I’d cut her off for the evening.  She stood up, a bit wobbly, blew me a kiss and started for the door.  However, before she got there I motioned to Chad.  He nodded back and gracefully pocketed her car keys before helping her into an awaiting cab.  We always have one waiting for her, or anyone else who needs it.  Better safe than sorry when it comes to the locals and their lives.
Adele had been like the mother I didn’t have.  Well, when she wasn’t drunk.  She’s been around to support me through thick and thin, ever since my own mother passed away from cancer five years ago.  She and Mom had been the best of friends all their lives, so it was only natural that the one woman I cared for as much as my own mother would be the one to help me get through such a difficult loss.
Unfortunately, Adele’s drinking problem had gotten worse over the years.  It appeared that my mother had more control over Adele’s life than we thought.  Adele never discussed it, but there were slips of the tongue during late nights here in the bar where she’d mention being a stronger person when my mom was around to help her fight the demons.  I’d assumed that “the demons” were a reference to her alcoholism, but later discovered there was much more to it than just whiskey.
Some would wonder why I don’t just cut her off entirely and force her to sober up.  Well, I considered it a few times, and she’d tried rehab a time or two, but then she’d slip and buy it at some liquor store.  I’ve often feared that she would drive home and kill someone, or herself, along the way.  It’s much safer for her to be here where I can keep an eye on her and have Chad make sure she gets home safely.
“Don’t you have plans?” Chad asked, startling me from my thoughts enough that a glass slipped from my fingers and crashed into the sink.  “Oh, shit!  Sorry Liz.  I didn’t mean to scare you.”
“Mother fucker!” I shouted.  After a second, and some deep breaths I replied, “That’s okay, Chad.”  He helped me pick up shards of glass and toss them into the nearest trash can.  “Yes, I guess I did promise Rick some play time tonight.”
Chad’s golden cheeks blushed ever so lightly.  “Well, I locked everything up, and you already have everything put away.  Why don’t you head on out and I’ll finish cleaning this up for you?”
Chad has always been such a helpful guy.  At only thirty-five (a few years older than me), he has the hard, deep brow lines that make him look a decade older.  Contradictory to those lines, he has the body of a healthy twenty-five year old.  Once, I even rubbed up against his rock-hard abs--completely by accident, of course--and nearly lost an eye because I wasn’t paying attention to a fork that had been tossed my way.
Chad, an ex-cop who left the job early after a traumatic incident that he won’t talk about, was Athena’s protection.  He received a very generous early retirement package as a way to keep him from filing charges against numerous members of the local police department.  He’s been in therapy for a couple of years now, and tends to be a pretty quiet person.
He’s single, has money, and doesn’t even need this job.  But he gets bored being alone, so he’s my bouncer and I’m happy to have him around.  Maybe in another lifetime we could have been more than just boss and bouncer.  Sometimes I wouldn’t mind him bouncing me.  Ohhh…
My face flushed at the thoughts of Chad and his abs.  I quickly nodded, thanked him, and rushed for my car keys before he could see my predicament and inquire about it.  He shouted, “Bye!” from behind when I stepped through the door.  I waved, but didn’t look back.
It was already after midnight when I walked out the door of my bar-slash-nightclub, Athena’s Ambrosia.  Even though it was the middle of the hottest July on record, there was a cool breeze blowing through my hair.  When the sun goes down it’s common knowledge that the temperatures are supposed to go down with it.  Not around here though.  It doesn’t matter what time of the day it is, once summer arrives Tremmel Crossing is always hot and humid.  And might I add that it plays havoc on a girls hair; even the straightest of hair goes all frizz-ball.
Tremmel Crossing is just like any other small town in Georgia.  It’s situated at the foot of several mountains, has a main street full of shops no one goes to because the next town over has a Wal-Mart, several grocery stores with half-empty parking lots and numerous teenagers ready to make a break for and escape the confines of Small Town, America.  I’d been one of those teens at one point, but ended up staying to make a life for myself.  That’s doesn’t mean I don’t think there’s more out there for me, because I do.  I just don’t know that more is right now.
My bar is situated on the backside of an old shopping center in the middle of town.  The front side is decorated to make the shops look like fancy brick buildings.  All had been redone in the last year with matching red brick.  It looks very nice, but at the same time it looks very fake.  Especially since the bar is on the backside, and all you see is the normal ugliness of the buildings.  A big parking lot that’s surrounded by air conditioning units, delivery trucks at all hours of the day, and numerous trash dumpsters are the best visual attractions that the bar has to offer… on the outside anyway.
I made sure Athena’s interior was a warm, soothing atmosphere, with cherry hardwood floors, secluded candlelit corner booths and a separate dining room for those who liked to have privacy from the rest of the bar.  There’s even a dance floor and game room for the ones out to have a good time.  I wanted to have a place that no one has around here, a place for people to come back over and over again just to have a nice night out.  And it turned out to be just that.
I spent nine months with the architect planning, changing, and planning again before the bar was complete.  The name itself changed six times during that time frame.  And no, I don’t think the beer, hot wings and burgers I serve are the ‘Food of Gods’, but Athena’s Ambrosia sure does have a unique ring to it.  You won’t find anywhere else in the area with a name even close to it.
The night sky was clear and filled with more twinkling stars than anyone would care to count.  The moon was down to only a sliver of its former self, yet still bright and lovely.  I caught the faint scent of lemons coming from the trash can outside the door as I passed it on the way to my car.  There had been a lot of lemon garnishes tonight.
The lemons made me think of the small composting bin my mother use to have when I was a child.  She would have chastised me severely for throwing those rinds in the trash.  “It’s unnatural to throw it in the garbage, Lizbeth,” she says with a shake of her head.  “We must give them back to Mother Nature to renew her and bring about more.”
The parking lot was illuminated by a single light post in the center.  The yellow lines marking off each spot had long since faded away to mere shadows of color.  My car, a ’95 black Honda Accord I’d bought off an old high school teacher of mine, was parked so that I had a straight shot out of the parking lot.  Some people prefer to park nearest to the building, but I always backed in closest to the exits in order to make a speedy escape whenever possible.  Tonight was no different.
I climbed into my unlocked car (why lock it when determined thieves will get in anyway) and flicked on the headlights.  Something danced in the beams of light, startling me so that I let out a scream so shrill that my own ears begged my hands to cover them. 
“Booooo!” he shouted, flailing his arms around under white fabric.  It took me a second to realize that the figure in front of me was actually Rick covered in a bed sheet.
Pissed, I jumped from the car and stomped over to Rick.  “Hey baby,” he whispered from beneath the fabric.  I reared my fist back and threw a punch with enough force to knock him on his ass right there on the pavement.
“You dumb ass!” I shouted, towering over the entangled body trying to rid himself of the disguise.  “What the hell are you trying to do, give me a fucking heart attack?”
Rick scrambled to his feet, fumbling to get the sheet off.  When it finally loosened its grip on him, he balled it up and tossed it to the ground.  His face conveyed a look of both amusement and shock that I’d caught him off guard.  Served him right for scaring me half to death.
“Come on, Liz!” he shouted, moving just fast enough to dodging another swing from my fist.  “I was just kidding!”
“Well, it wasn’t funny!” I yelled, turning away from him.  “And, oh, you’re an asshole!” I shouted, turning to lunge at him for another strike.  He took off running around the car, but he wasn’t getting away that easy.
“Okay, okay, chill out!” he shouted from the front end of the car as I came around the driver’s side.  “Are you ready to go out to Foster’s?”
The absolute gall of this man.  First he begs me to screw him and then he scares me like that.  I’ll be damned if he even deserves my attention now.
“Why should I after you act like that?”  I climbed back into the car and turned the ignition key.
“Aww, come on Liz.  Don’t be that way.  Let’s go play,” he cooed, holding his hands up under his chin to beg appropriately.
I revved up the engine and put the car in drive, inching it forward rather slowly.  Rick’s eyes grew wide.  The palms of his hands landed on the hood of the car with a thud.  As if that would hold back a car.  I inched forward just a bit more.
He jumped backwards rather awkwardly.  “Come on, Liz!  Don’t be like that.  It was all in jest.  You’re not going to run me over for that, are you?”  His face grimaced, awaiting my answer and concerned for his bodily safety. 
I smirked at the whimper in his voice.  As if he really thought I’d do that.  I held my head out the window and shouted, “Are you coming, or what?”  A smile replaced the concern as he came around to the side of the car and hopped into the passenger’s seat.
“I knew you loved me,” he said with a wink and a grin, putting his hand on my knee and giving a light, yet meaningful squeeze.
“Don’t make assumptions, mister,” I replied, pulling onto the empty street and heading in the direction of Foster’s Cemetery.

CHAPTER 2




Foster’s Cemetery is centered on about five acres of woodland, out in the middle of nowhere.  You actually leave paved roads a few miles before you even reach the cemetery.  Then it’s gravel the rest of the way and all through the cemetery.  I doubt the county will ever bother paving out this far in the country.
It’s supposed to be old and haunted, but I’m pretty sure that it was only built when I was a child.  As for being haunted, well who knows?  Teenage boys say all kinds of things when they want a girl to make out with them.
“So, where would you like to play tonight?” Rick asked, sliding his hand up my thigh.  Thankfully I was wearing jeans, or else that would have been mighty distracting as I maneuvered through the narrow, winding road.
I took a right turn and weaved toward the back of the cemetery, where the oldest graves are.  “How about the Cranes?” I offered.
“Oh, yeah, I like that spot.”  I knew he did.  “Good choice,” Rick said, flashing his pearly whites.
He’d always had the most perfect teeth.  Even when I’d suffered through high school with a mouthful of metal, Rick’s teeth were gorgeously straight.  A brace never touched that pearly enamel.  I often wonder if our children would have straight teeth like his… if we had kids, of course.  Not that I wanted to have his kids, but, well, never mind.
One last turn and we were there.  I parked in a section of the road designated for family members coming to lay flowers and clean up around the graves of their loved ones.  I’m always careful not to disturb any of their offerings when we’re up here.  Of course, that didn’t stop us from using headstones as handholds during particular activities.
As soon as the car engine quieted Rick leaned in close and kissed me.  His hand slid further up my thigh, slowly stroking and massaging along the way.  When his fingers reached the warm, moist area between my legs, it throbbed longingly, begging to be released from its denim prison.
His mouth moved from mine and made its way down my neck, kissing, licking, teeth gently scraping along the way.  I felt my chest flush with red as his hand left my jeans and slipped down the plunging neckline of my leather bustier.  His fingertips found the small mound of flesh that had already began peaking against the soft leather.  Squeezing, scratching, rolling the flesh between thumb and forefinger.
A moan escaped my throat when he grasped my hair with his other hand and yanked backwards, leaving my neck exposed to his mouth once again.
“Come on,” he whispered in my ear before exiting my bustier, and then the car.
Startled by his suddenness, it took me a second to realize that he’d headed for the section of gravestones I’d chosen for our middle of the night romp.  I fumbled to get the keys out of the ignition and shove them into my pants pocket.  My fingers trembled and my heart pounded as I pulled the handle on the car door.  He knew exactly how to get me all worked up.  That’s what made our sex so utterly fantastic!
Rick took off in the direction of the Cranes’ section of the cemetery.  The headstones were older here; some were starting to crumble around the edges, but most were still in decent, yet weathered condition.  Rick stopped at one and turned back to face me.  He allowed his jeans to settle around his ankles, leaving his manhood exposed to the nightlife around us.
I chuckled and slithered up against his warm body.  “You’re quite forward tonight.”  He had to have been unbuttoning them during the short dash from the car.
Being released to the air around us seemed to entice his penis even more.  His now bare ass slipped up on the top of the headstone as I stepped between his legs and pressed my body against his.  My hands snaked down to his throbbing appendage while his fingers fumbled with the ties that bound my breasts inside the leather corset.
Finally he grasped the correct loose string and it all came free, my chest now bared to the darkness around us.  My level of arousal shot up ten notches!
The headlights from the car shone upon us as we had some of the best sex we’d ever had together.  We tumbled from headstone to headstone, ground to bench, moonlight to darkness.  It all ended with a howl and my bare ass perched precariously atop the cold, hard headstone of Herbert Crane - Beloved Son, Husband, Father… sorry Mr. Crane!
As we finished up, clutched in each other’s’ arms and Rick whispering sweet nothings in my ear that I knew never really meant anything, I saw what looked like a person standing off in the distant tree line.  It was dark, and the headlights were still shining in my eyes, but I swear it looked like the silhouette of a person standing there.  The size made it a man, or a very tall woman, and when he moved I saw the glint of cat-like yellow eyes.
“Rick,” I whispered, pulling him tighter against me.  “I think there’s someone watching us.”
Rick spun his head around, his gaze roaming, surveying the surrounding area.  I jerked his face back around to me and growled through clenched teeth, “Don’t look you idiot.”
I glanced back toward the location of the person, but found nothing.  I scanned up and down the tree line, and all around the cemetery.  There was no one to be found.  I gave Rick a light push to back him off of me and hopped down off of the headstone.  We hurriedly righted our clothing--Rick assisting me in tying the bustier appropriately as I shoved double-D boobage back inside--and were on our way out of the cemetery in a matter of minutes.
I had a really bad feeling about the mystery person.  Something just wasn’t right about all this.  Butterflies swarmed around in my stomach and my heart pounded loudly.  My hands gripped the steering wheel so fiercely that my black fingernails curved around, digging into my palms, but I couldn’t even feel the sting that should have been there.  I felt shaky all over, like my body was vibrating, shaking my brain so fiercely that I thought I’d pass out.
I drove rather recklessly, taking curves far too fast and running off into the grass several times.  My high-heel booted foot had the gas pedal pressed to the floor with an urgency that I didn’t quite understand.  It was as if I were being chased and trying to escape with my life.  Glancing up I saw nothing in the rear-view mirror.
The fear made no sense.  It wasn’t like someone had never walked up on us before.  We are rather adventurous with our sexual encounters.  This fear wasn’t because of that, but I couldn’t pinpoint what it was because of.  I did know that there was definitely something wrong here.  The wrongness tingled in my brain like a tiny voice shouting, “Get out!  Go!  Now!  No, stupid, don’t look back!”
Rick didn’t say a word as he hung onto the handle above the passenger door like his life depended on it. He even buckled his seat belt; which he never does, even though it’s the law.  I could see the concern on his face illuminated by the green lights of the car’s console.  He’s known me for so many years that he knew not to say anything until I got to where I intended to be.  However, this was a fear that I’d never felt before, something dangerous lurked in Foster's Cemetery.
“Maybe it is haunted,” he said, completing the thought running through my head.
We were nearly out of the cemetery when a white face and long black hair flew over the hood of the car.  I jerked the steering wheel sharply to the left and slammed on the brakes with both feet.  I thought, I’m going to die, as the car spun around twice and a giant oak tree came careening toward the driver’s side door.  It was over, I was about be killed, or severely injured, because we came to fuck in the cemetery. Great.
Rick yelled something inaudible, and then pulled my head down into his lap before covering my body with his.  Within a second the shrill sound of shattering glass surrounded us and the movement of the car stopped instantly.  My ribs went slamming into the steering wheel and glass showered down over my body.
“Rick, you okay?” my voice cracked.
He didn’t move or speak.  I tried to sit up, but he had me pinned in place with the weight of his body.
“Rick!” I shouted, pushing upward to get him off of me.
“I’m okay,” he whispered.  His voice as raspy and broken as mine.  “Are you all right?” he questioned, grabbing my face, turning it side to side, and moving my hair from my eyes to see if there was any damage.
“Let go.  I’m fine,” I declared, pulling my face from his grasp.  I shifted to the left and a sharp pain went through my ribs like lightening through a tree.  I let out a scream almost as loud as the crash and clasped a hand over the offending area.  Tears welled up in my eyes, and there was no stopping them as the waterfall flowed down my face.
“What is it?” Rick demanded.  “What’s wrong, Liz?”  I gasped, sobbing painfully, unable to answer.  He looked around, but there was no one to help.  “Oh God.  We have to get out of here.”  He fumbled with the latch on the seat belt that restrained him.  “Damn, fucking seat belt!  This is why I don’t use one,” he mumbled angrily.
Once he freed himself from the tangled mess of my car, I laid back over into his seat and just cried.  He walked around to the driver’s side and surveyed the tree that was now precariously attached to the car.  There was no way I was getting out on this side of the car.  
“Do you have your cell with you?” Rick questioned when he came back around, leaning down inside the open passenger door.
I thumbed over my shoulder to my purse in the back floor.  Yanking the door open, he climbed into the backseat and poured the contents of my bag into the seat beside him.  With cell phone in hand, he dialed 911 and asked for an ambulance and wrecker.  
“They want to know what kind of injuries you have,” he asked with his hand over the phone.
“It’s my ribs.  They might be broken,” I whimpered.  It was a little difficult to breathe all of a sudden.  I started coughing and gasping.  Each cough causing a jagged, jarring pain to run through my chest.  The world started spinning and blurring.  I heard Rick say something, but I couldn’t understand it.  Each gasp of breath was now accompanied by a wheezing sound.
I heard Rick shout my name a few times, but I didn’t answer.  I groaned one last time and then silence surrounded as darkness encompassed my mind.
I was falling through nothingness.  A shadowed figure was floating above me as I fell.  I sensed that it was a man.  Or more correct, the fact suddenly appeared in my mind that he was a man.  Something was very wrong.

CHAPTER 3




Before my eyes even opened, the mechanical beeping, sterile scent and texture of the fabric against my skin was enough for me to know that I was in the hospital.  I shifted slowly in the bed, but the piercing pain of my broken ribs brought me to a sudden halt.  It was difficult to breathe, each expansion of my lungs put more pressure on the bones.  The sharp, stabbing pain ran around my side and into my back, making me want to arch against the pressure, but not wanting to move and cause more pain.
A hand tighten over mine.  The room was mostly dark, but I could easily make out the stout shape of Rick slumped in a bedside chair.  He snorted a snore as his hand twitched again.  He always twitches like that when he’s dreaming.  Sometimes his entire body jerks so forcefully that he wakes himself up in the middle of the night.
I assumed he was dreaming about the exact thing I was thinking about; the accident.  Who, or what, was that creature that had flown in front of the car?  I couldn’t believe I’d spooked like that just because someone was watching us have sex in the cemetery.  Usually I’m so good at keeping my emotions in check.  I’m a fierce smart ass and don’t put up with anyone’s idiocy.  Normally, I wouldn’t have cared if the entire county had been standing out there taking notes, looking for pointers and cheering us on.
A quick glance around the darkened room confirmed that I was indeed in the hospital.  An IV bag behind Rick’s chair dripped into the vein of my left arm.  A blood pressure cuff squeezed my arm in half every few minutes and tethered me to a machine on my right.  A heart monitor glowed red on the index finger of my right hand and I heard a steady beep, beep, beep on a machine that printed out strips of paper with each passing thump of my most prized organ.
Sliding my fingertips across the numerous buttons on the bed rail, I found the light switch and pressed it softly.  The overheard bulb tubes buzzed to life as they flickered from dim to full brightness in a matter of seconds.  Rick grunted and groaned before his eyelids regretfully fluttered open.  When the light struck his pupils, he squinted tightly and cursed under his breath about the “fucking light.”
He shifted in his seat to straighten up, before realizing that it had been me blinding him.  His eyes grew wide, concern flashing across his tired, blotchy face.  Scrubbing his eyes with the palms of his hands, he groaned and yawned loudly
“Liz,” he said, raising to his feet and stretching his arms high above his head.  “How are you feeling?” he asked, lowering his tired body back into the stiff hospital chair.  Clutching my hand to his heart and caressing my face with the other hand.  “You had me scared half to death.”
He kissed my lips, gently at first, then more demanding and needy.  His body slowly leaned into me, forgetting about my broken ribs until I squeaked and gasped.  More tears threatened to fall.
“Oh hell!  I’m sorry, Liz!”  He backed away to sit in the safe confines of his chair.
He leaned forward again, though staying off of me, still clasping my left hand.  “Are you okay?”
I nodded, trying to hold back the pain-filled tears.
“I’m really sorry, Liz.  Are you sure you’re okay?  I can get a nurse in here just like that,” he said, snapping his fingers, trying to be humorous, even though anxiety coated every syllable that left his mouth.
“No, I’m okay now.  However, it might be a good idea to stay off the bed,” I explained, wincing from the pain.  “What time is it?”
Rick looked around the room, until I pointed to his own dull, ratty wristwatch.  It had been a gift from his father when he graduated high school.  “Duh,” he said, staring at the numbers on his wrist like they were suddenly a foreign language.  His brow furrowed and a frown pulled the corners of his plump lips downward.
“Do I need to look at it?” I snapped, not amused in the least.
He snapped out of the weird watch trance, “Uh, sorry.  It’s four-thirty in the morning.”
His normally bright eyes seemed to darken.  I saw sadness on his face as he stared at me.  He was feeling guilty about the accident even though it wasn’t even his fault.  I knew Rick too well, and he always does this.  He’s never been able to let me take the blame for anything.  I knew it was all my fault.  I was driving.  I was freaked out, and I didn’t even know why.  The car was under my control even though I felt out of control.
Footsteps sounded on the other side of the door.  We looked at each other.  I raised my eyebrows at Rick, but he shook his head to indicate that he had no idea who it was.  I looked back at the door just in time to see the handle move slowly.  Rick released my hand and rose from the chair with the swiftness of a house cat hearing the roar of a can opener.
“It’s too late for visitors,” I whispered.  “Have the cops been here yet?”
Rick shook his head again and crept closer to the door as the handle continued to slowly lower.  Then it returned to its starting position as someone on the other side of the door interrupted the visitor’s plans by saying, “Excuse me, you can’t go in there.  You’ll have to wait until visiting hours to see the patient.”
There was a moment of silence before the clicking-clacking of footsteps moved away from the door.  Rick came back to the chair and was squatting to sit when the door flew open forcefully.  He came back up so fast that he nearly tripped over his own feet.  My heart pounding out of my chest, making the ribs ache even more.
In walked the night nurse, dragging yet another machine into the room behind her.  She plastered a cheerful smile across her face when she saw that I was awake.  
She was a small woman, only about five foot tall.  Her blonde hair had slivers of silver running throughout and pulled tightly into a thick bun at the crown of her head.  If I had to guess, I’d say she was close to fifty.
She wore a set of pink scrubs that had ballet slippers and tutus all over the top on her plump frame.  Her face was a lovely shade of olive, made more so by the green of her eyes.  The nose was small and pointy at the tip, but it suited her face as perfectly as the tiny ears on each side.  She wasn’t what I’d consider cute, but rather, regal. 
“Well, hello there.  I’m your nurse, Cathy Drethers, but everyone just calls me Nurse Cathy.  What are you doing awake at this hour?  You should be resting,” she stated, her eyes sparkling under the halogen lighting.  She came to my side to check the stream of heart monitor paper before taking a clipboard from the machine she brought in and jotting something important to my medical records.
“She just woke up,” Rick replied in a protective tone.
Nurse Cathy checked over every connection, tube and instrument reading that was attached to my body, or provided any form of information about my body.  Then she proceeded to take off the one blood pressure cuff and replace it with another one that she’d brought with her.  With a push of the button, the machine buzzed to life and my arm was squeezed in half.  Shoving a thermometer in my mouth, she handed me some aspirin and then asked if I needed anything.
I shook my head, since you shouldn’t speak with a thermometer in your mouth, just as the machine beeped, releasing the cuff.  My arm throbbed with the pulsing of my own heartbeat and the blood returned to its usual, unobstructed flow.  She pulled the thermometer from my mouth and wrote the results of all readings on the nearby chart.
“Well, will I live?” I asked, jokingly.
“Of course” she stated, without even looking up from the chart.  “Your vitals are strong, your ribs have been bandaged nicely and the doctor’s planning to release you in the morning.”  She looked up into my eyes and beamed brightly.  “You’re doing just fine, Ms. Baker.”
I realized just how contagious her smile was when I smiled back easily, yet weakly.  “Call me Liz.”
“Who was outside the door?” Rick frowned, interrupting her calming joviality.
“Oh, I don’t know,” she said, startled and glancing at the door.  “Some guy.  He certainly wasn’t from around here though.”
I looked at her curiously.  What an uncommon thing to say about someone in this day and time.  With the rapid growing Mexican population in our area in the past few years, and the numerous other immigrants who’d lived here for decades, it wasn’t every day that you heard someone phrase it like that.
“What makes you think that?” I wondered aloud.
“Well,” she started, setting the clipboard under her arm and holding the ink pen cap to her mouth, “He wore very strange clothing.  Not the normal jeans and tee shirts that you see around here.  Not even like some folks’ Sunday Best.”  She thought for a moment as Rick and I stared, bewildered, at her.  “His clothes were more like something you’d see in a book about England from hundreds of years ago.  The fabric looked like velvet...”  Nurse Cathy went silent and looked a little confused the more she thought about the stranger.
Rick started pacing the room a bit, which he usually does when he doesn’t know what else to do.  He’s done it for as long as I’ve known him.  It’s a wonder that I didn’t find him pacing when I woke instead of clinging to my hand in his sleep.
I asked, “Did he say why he was here to see me?”  Rick stopped pacing and looked up for the answer.
But Nurse Cathy didn’t answer right away.  She stared out the window into the dark night sky.  Well, with the lights on in the room I suppose she was really just staring at her own reflection in the window, instead of what lay on the other side.
Rick looked agitated.  He glanced at me, but all I could offer was a shrug of the shoulders.  “Well?” he snapped in annoyance.  “Did he say why he was here?”
Nurse Cathy’s body jumped at the volume of Rick’s question, before she refocused on the moment at hand.  “Oh, well, no.  He was about to come in, but I told him it wasn’t visiting hours.”  Her brow wrinkled as the confused look returned.  “There was something…”  She paused, shaking her head slowly.
“What?  There was something… what?” I pressured.
Rick stomped across the room and jerked the door open.  He glanced from the right, then to the left.  He walked out into the hallway, and then back into the room.  He looked annoyed, slamming the thick door behind him.  The sound reverberated through the room like a cannon blast.
“I don’t know.  There was just something odd about him.  It almost felt like he was trying to climb into my brain.  I had the oddest sense that I should go ahead and let him come in here, but with all my years of training I knew that wasn’t right.  Then, it was as if he gave up and walked away.  He never even spoke.”
She shook her head again, glanced at her tiny gold wristwatch and decided, “Ah, it’s just been a long night.  My shift will be over in a little while, and I’ll be glad to get home to bed.”  She gathered up the chart and wrapped the blood pressure cuff back around the machine she’d brought in with her.  
Turning back to me, she informed me that, “You’ll be released in the morning, so just take it easy and try to get some rest.  The day nurse will give you care instructions for your ribs.  Just be careful and try not to get into any more car accidents.”  She smiled brightly, spun around and started toward the door heavy door.
“Wait,” I protested.  “Was there nothing else you can tell us about the strange man?  He didn’t say anything at all?”
She turned back toward me, shrugged her left shoulder, and left us with, “Nothing more than I just told you.  Sorry.”
For the next few minutes Rick and I went over the strangeness of this situation several times.  Each time not coming up with any thoughts as to who this mystery man could be.  My best guess was that he’d just been an eccentric cop coming to ask the routine questions about what had happened in the cemetery.  Rick thought it was something more than that, and deep down, I knew he was right.
We finally gave up and I told him I was going to go back to sleep.  I wasn’t use to the effect prescription drugs have on my system.  The drowsiness kicked in and I heard my words slurring.  He lowered the bed after I mentioned that my ribs were hurting from sitting upright, and then turned the lights back off.  Within five minutes I heard him snoring in the chair again.
“Goog niiigg,” I mumbled, my tongue stumbling over the syllables. 
It took longer for me to settle back down than I thought it would.  The things that the nurse had said kept running through my head as the vision of our car wreck flashed before my eyes.  Were Rick’s instincts about this being more than what I thought be right?  Could the person watching us in the cemetery be the same man who’d shown up here?  Or was it all completely unrelated?
When I finally fell asleep (which was probably only a moment later), it was a restless sleep.  I dreamed of the wreck, the feeling that I was about to die, the sound of Rick screaming my name as I passed out into darkness.  I felt like I was falling into a pit of darkness.  I would awaken with a jolt nearly every half hour and then it would take me a few more minutes to settle back down into the unmerciful slumber.
During one of the moments that I actually slept, I heard screaming.  First in the dream, and then my mind slowly awakening, realized that the screaming was coming from the real world.  The screaming grew louder as I grew more aware and awake.
My eyes fluttered open.  I rubbed my hands across them and then massaged my temples in an attempt to grind away the grogginess I felt from the pain medication in my system.  With each blink, my pupils retaliated against the morning light shining in through the windows.  I looked around the room for Rick, but he was nowhere to be seen.
“Rick!” I shouted as loudly as my ribs would allow before the pain shot through my body.
A commotion outside the door was my only answer.  There were people shouting, heavy footsteps running to and fro, and I think I heard crying.
I slowly swung my feet over the side of the bed.  If no one would come to me then I’d go to them and find out what was happening.  My movements were slow and labored, but I managed to touch my feet to the cold, hard tile floor and cautiously stand.  I removed the heart monitor on my finger, tossing it onto the bed.  When I looked at the tube in my vein I decided to just roll the IV pole along with me instead of trying to remove it.
I had shuffled halfway across the room, using the IV pole for leverage, when the door burst open and Rick came running in.  His eyes wild and his face whiter than usual, I could tell that something terrible had happened.
Before I could open my mouth to ask, he shouted, “Nurse Cathy is dead!”

CHAPTER 4




“What do you mean she’s dead?  How is that possible?”  I shot questions at Rick as he carefully led me back to the bed.  “When did it happen?  She was just here.”
“All I know is,” he started, helping me back onto the edge of the bed, “I was going down the hall to get some coffee.  You were sleeping when I woke up, and since it is morning, I thought I’d get some caffeine into my system before they released you.”  He helped me lay back in bed and covered my feet with the blanket before continuing.
“I had just taken a swig of some of the most God awful coffee I’d ever tasted…”  Rick didn’t like coffee anyway, so all of it was pretty much “God awful” to him.  “When I heard people shouting and running by.  I asked a nearby nurse what was going on and she said someone had been killed outside the hospital.”
He went around the bed and poured me a cup of water from the pink plastic pitcher on a nearby table.  He waited as I gulped it down.
“I figured it had been something like a hit and run or maybe someone had killed somebody and left them outside the hospital.  Unfortunately, I discovered that wasn’t the case when a crowd of nurses and doctors came rushing by with Nurse Cathy on a gurney.”  He paused, shaking his head and frowning.
“It was really bad, Liz.  Every inch of her skin and clothes was covered in blood.  She looked like someone had bashed her face in with a baseball bat before using a knife to cut deep gashes all over her body.”  His face flashed on something familiar.  “You remember that wild animal show about lions attacking people on Discovery?”  I nodded.  “Well, that’s what she looked like… as if a lion had attacked and clawed her to death.
I felt sick to my stomach from the thoughts of all that blood.  What a horrible way for someone to die.  The terror that she must have felt at the end… unimaginable!
“Do they know who did it?  Or why?” I whispered, feeling bile rising into my throat and knowing that I’d puke if I spoke any louder.  Rick shook his head and sighed while taking his place in the bedside chair.  He slumped and slid down, his knees spread wide apart and his arms crossed tightly.
“How awful,” I whispered, sorrowfully.  She seemed like a nice lady, and after the encounter last night, something just didn’t feel right about any of it.  Well, when does murder every really feel right?  However, something was off here and it made me nervous, as nervous as the car wreck made me.
The loud, blaring ring of the phone startled both of us.  I squealed and Rick grabbed it up as quickly as he could, knocking the pitch of water off the bedside table in the process.  Water went splattering all over him and the floor as he sat there holding the phone receiver in his hand.
He looked at me and then looked down at his now soaked shirt.  I arched an eyebrow and nodded toward the phone.  He took the hint and said hello to the person on the other end of the line.
“Oh, hey Chad.  Yeah, she’s okay.  Her ribs are busted up pretty good, but they say she’ll live.”  He winked at me as he spoke.  “No, don’t come by.  She’s getting out in a little while and then I’m taking her home.  Tell Susan that she won’t be in at the bar at all today, so there’s no need to go in.”
I opened my mouth to protest, but Rick placed a hand across the phone and whispered, “It’s Sunday, so don’t even say anything.”  My mouth snapped shut.
The bar is closed on Sundays because it’s illegal to sell alcohol in our county.  However, once a month I go in on a Sunday to do inventory.  There’s no better time to do it than when there are no customers drinking up the inventory that I’m trying to count.  Today just happened to be inventory day.
“Okay then.  I’ll let her know.  You have a nice day, as well.”  Rick hung up the phone and went to the bathroom for a towel.  He blotted, rubbed and scrubbed at his shirt.
“Damn Rick, it’s just water.  It will dry you fool.”
“Well, you’re definitely feeling better I see.”
“Yeah, except for the fact that we were just discussing the murder of my night nurse.”
Rick tossed the towel back into the bathroom and came to the bedside again.  He leaned down, just close enough, but not too close to touch my ribs, and kissed me gently on the lips.  His scent mingled in my nostrils.  It’d been such a long night, but I could still smell the wilderness in his hair, the dirt on his skin, the aftershave he’d splashed on his face, even his deodorant had a familiar, sensual scent to it. 
Rick had been my shadow for so many years--before we’d even gone into sex mode--that I couldn’t imagine life without him.  He’d been an annoyance, an acquaintance, a friend, and after a falling out with an old business associate, my very best friend.  He’d always been there when I needed him, and even when I didn’t want him anywhere near me.  He’s like the bodyguard following you around that you don’t want back there, don’t think you need, and yet, he’s there to pull you out of the fire when something terrible happens.
Rick was the only person besides Adele who stayed with me when I was grieving the loss of my mother.  He even took his two weeks of vacation from his job at the carpet mill to stay with me twenty-four hours a day.  He brought me food, cleaned my house, paid my bills, made sure the bar was taken care of, and never once asked for anything in return.
Rick was the kind of man that any woman would want once they got to know him.  He’d dated plenty of those women, but never stuck with one for more than a few weeks at a time.  He’d always come up with some excuse about how they just weren’t compatible.  But everyone who knew him seemed to think that he was just waiting for me to come around.
It’s true that I care deeply for Rick.  I might even throw around the L-word from time to time.  But, I just couldn’t help feeling that there was more out there for me than settling down with Rick in this hick town and living out the life of good little wife.  I’m just not that kind of girl.
Rick had even gone out and gotten a tattoo a few years ago when he heard me tell someone at the bar that I liked men with tattoos because it showed that they could take some pain.  He came back a few days later with a tattoo of the Capricorn astrology sign (my sign) across the left side of his rib cage.  I was so touched that I’d showed him just how much later that night in the back room of the bar.  He left with fingernail marks down his back to go with his tender tattoo.
“Let’s not discuss the nurse anymore.  How about I just go find out where your discharge papers are so I can take you home to your own bed?” Rick cooed, rubbing my hair behind my ear.  
The slight touch of his finger caressing my ear made my stomach flutter.  I both loved and hated when he made me feel that way.
Half an hour later he was driving me home in his blue pick-up truck, explaining that his dad had brought it to him hours earlier, and caressing my left knee in between changing gears.  My ribs throbbed in pain with each minute bump in the road, but I held strong and kept silent.
He was slowly killing my resistance.

CHAPTER 5




It was almost nine o’clock Sunday morning when we pulled up outside my twelve-hundred square feet, three bedroom home.  The house is just a simple one level.  I built it back in the mid-90’s with the money I’d gotten from helping my best friend (at the time) make her internet business a huge success. 
Charlotte Jesep and I had been the best of friends for years, all through high school.  When she asked me to help start up her business, I jumped at the chance.  Charlotte had the idea of starting a very popular image licensing franchise and needed someone to run the mundane things like blogging, online community moderator and other grunt work that I could take care of with my home computer, while she took care of the big stuff such as signing artists, selling the images and hobnobbing with the big boys.
We drew up a partnership contract and split all the profits.  There was no Charlotte without Liz and no Liz without Charlotte.  Or though we thought.
In the end, we parted ways after a slight incident with her boyfriend hitting on me before I knew he was actually her boyfriend.  Nothing happened with him, but I left with a nice lump of cash in the form of a partnership buyout and she ended up with a highly profitable company.  We haven’t spoken since then, and it’s been almost ten years now.
The money went to setting myself up nicely with a home and the bar.  The money was enough for me to comfortably live off of for many year, so I didn’t really need the bar.  But who wants to just sit around with money and have nothing better to do?  Not I, that’s who!
“Hold on.  I’ll come around and help you out,” Rick demanded, jumping out of the truck and rushing around to the passenger door.
I slid slowly out of the seat, bracing for the pressure of my feet hitting the ground with a thud, but the transition from seat to feet went smoother than that when Rick grabbed me at hip level.  His hands slipped down over my hips, grasping just under my ass, while lowering me to the ground.
We stood there in that position for a second longer than we really should have.  His body pressed against mine while he hands were clasped firmly into the plump flesh of my behind.  Even through my jeans I could feel his fingertips pressing gently.  If we’d been naked, he’d be preparing to lift me onto him and pummeling me against a wall.  And I’d enjoy every minute of it!
Our eyes locked onto one another for just a moment before he released me.
“Let’s get you settled and then I’ll whip you up some breakfast.” 
He threw my arm around his neck and off we went toward the house.  It was slow going and gave me plenty of time to notice that the outside of my white house needed to be pressure washed.  Where had all of those spider webs come from?  I couldn’t remember the last time I’d mowed the grass, luckily the summer heat had fried most of it to a crispy brown.  I was forever thankful that I lived outside of town with no nearby neighbors to complain.
My little house sat in a cul-de-sac.  The seller had had plans to build up a large subdivision community when I bought the lot.  The street was paved and the area cleared.  However, I didn’t like the idea of neighbors being so close, so I bought not only the lot my house sat on, but also two lots on each side of the house.  With each being approximately half an acre in size, I had enough distance to claim the entire cul-de-sac as my own.
A year later, the seller of the lots went bankrupt on his remaining properties and now the bank owns it all.  No one else has bought a single lot, and I’m happy to be out here all by my lonesome.
Rick pulled the keys from his pocket and let us into my house with his own set.  I don’t remember when I gave him the key, or why, but it came in handy on occasion.  As soon as the door opened, Tara, my orange and white tabby, came rubbing around our ankles, meowing loudly to say that someone had forgotten to feed her this morning.  Sorry, I was kind of in the hospital!
I shushed Tara away with my foot and Rick said, “Go away, Tara.  Can’t you see your mommy is injured?”
“God, Rick.  I’ve told you a million times not to call me that cat’s mommy.  Do I look like I use a litter box and beg for tuna all day?”
Rick rolled his eyes dismissively.  “Do you want to be in the bed or on the couch?” he asked, tossing his keys on the nearby table like he lived here.
“In here is fine,” I snapped.
He settled me down upon my cushiony couch with its multiple shades of greens, reds, and blues and rushed off to the kitchen to see what I had to eat.  The living room was relatively clean, and rightly so since I don’t really spend much time at home between the bar and, well, Rick.  I’ve always enjoyed this room of the house with its bay window looking out on the empty street and wooded property around me.  It makes for a gorgeous view when autumn arrives and the trees are splashed with yellows, reds, and oranges.
The house is a simple one with an open floor plan and white vinyl siding; nothing special or exciting about it.  There is no big swimming pool out back, no five person shower with sitting benches and no fancy dining rooms.  It has a simple living room, kitchen/dining room, a laundry room off the kitchen, three bedrooms and two bathrooms (one inside my bedroom and the other on the other end of the house with the two spare bedrooms).
I’d had the builders paint every room in the house a light sky blue, but over the years I’d changed them numerous times.  The main area here has been three colors in the last two years.  That’s my favorite thing about having my own home… you can paint it anytime you damn well like.
I chose this location when I built the house because it provided the privacy that other areas didn’t, and it’s still only minutes from the bar.  I don’t have to worry about nosy, or noisy, neighbors.  Friends can come and go as I please.  And there’s no traffic to contend with, since I’m the only occupant of the neighborhood.  I have all the pleasures of being secluded without being so secluded that no comes around when I want them to.
Tara climbed up on the couch beside me.  She sat there peering at me curiously.  Her pink nose twitched as she sniffed at the bandage on my arm from the IV  Apparently she didn’t like what she’d discovered, because she swiftly turned her back on me and jumped down, heading into the kitchen to see if Rick would feed her.
“Little bitch,” I cursed under my breath, and grabbed the television remote.
“Do you want some orange juice?” Rick shouted from the kitchen.
“Sure, whatever,” I replied, unenthusiastically. 
It was a Sunday morning, so there was absolutely nothing on television.  Worship services, hunting programs, car and truck repair shows and numerous infomercials were spread across hundreds of channels.  All these channels and nothing on.  I flipped it over to the trusty digital music channels and listened to Pink singing about some guy using his own hand in the most self-loving kind of way.
Boredom was starting to set in by the time Rick came back with a plate of scrambled eggs, wheat toast, jelly and two of my most favorite veggie sausage patties.
“I don’t know how you can eat these things.  They smell horrible,” he condemned, wrinkling up his nose in disgust and handing the plate to me like it was covered in a plague.
“It tastes just like sausage.  Geez!”
Rick flopped down in the matching chair opposite me and sat our glasses of juice on the coffee table between us.  Fergie’s voice came across the television speakers, wondering where her party people were.  I found myself wishing my ribs weren’t broke so that I could bob to the beat of the music.
For the next few minutes we just ate our breakfast in peace.  Not a sound was made between us, other than the music.  The eggs were cooked to perfection, the toast was the way I like it and my sausage patties were microwaved just right.  I didn’t realize how hungry I’d been until I looked down and the plate was empty.
“It’s nice to see you have an appetite now,” Rick smiled before shoveling his last bite of food into his mouth and gulping down the last half of his juice.  He took my plate and headed to the kitchen.  I heard water running in the sink and knew he was preparing to clean up the mess he’d made.
“You know that I have a dishwasher for a reason,” I shouted.  He never uses the stupid thing and I hardly ever have enough dishes to fill it before he comes over and washes them for me.
“It’s a waste of water, and you know it!“  Sounds of glass knocking against silverware accompanied his voice.  Mariah sang about wanting someone to touch her body.  I could empathize with that desire anytime Rick looked at me with a particular sly grin that he only uses right before sex.
“Snap out of it,” I chastised myself.
“Snap out of what?” Rick asked, startling me as he walked into the room.
“Nothing.  All done with the kitchen?” I asked, changing the subject entirely.
Rick nodded and mumbled a low, “Uh huh” before heading into my bedroom.
“What are you doing now?”
“Just checking to see if you have any laundry needing to be washed.”
“Rick!  Stop it.  You’re not my maid, for crying out loud.”
He came over and carefully sat on the couch beside me.  His hand slid up my thigh as his body inched closer.  “When will you understand that I don’t do this to be your maid?”
My heart skipped a beat as his hand moved to my cheek.  My body disobeyed my head as my face pressed into his palm.  A tingling shock to the system ran from my head down to my toes.
My senses returned and I pulled my face from his hand.  Patting his cheek, I smiled kindly.  “You know it would never work.  You enjoy your freedom and I’m just a ball of problems.  You’ve always known that.”
“I only enjoy my freedom with you, and you’re right, I’ve always known what a pain in the ass you are,” he winked teasingly.  “And yet, I’m still here, waiting for you to come to your senses and realize that I’m the guy for you.”
I didn’t know what to say to that.  He’s never come out and asked me to marry him--not that I’d say yes, or maybe I would--but he certainly sounded close to that this time.  And it made me nervous.  I didn’t want to hurt him by saying no, but it wasn’t really fair of me to keep him around for my own self-esteem.
“I think I’m going to go rest for a while.” I said calmly.  “Why don’t you go on home and do the same?”  He started to protest, but I held up my hand to silence him.  “I promise not to do anything except rest.  No worries.”
Rick’s face went through a wide range of emotions right there in front of me, in a matter of seconds.  Disappointment, cautiousness, despair, worry, and then finally acceptance with a sigh, before he rose from the couch, held out his hand, and led me to the bed.  He kissed my hand gently and then moved to the forehead.  
“I’ll be back in a few hours to check on you.  Do not call the bar.  I’ll be leaving them strict instructions to not even answer the phone if your number shows up on the caller id.  I‘m the boss until you’re healed,” he stated, running out the door before I could shoot a rebuttal at his declarations of authority.

CHAPTER 6




I laid there in bed for about an hour before I just couldn’t take it any longer.  I should have been at Athena’s, counting bottles of whiskey.  Not at home with busted up ribs wondering if the insurance company was open so I could get my car fixed.  Not to mention, I really needed to do something about Rick.  
I looked around the room.  The master bedroom is the one room in the house that I’d created into my sanctuary.  Sure, the whole house is mine and mine alone, but the bedroom is where I can be all me without worrying about anyone hating it.
Rick says that my bedroom looks like a Gothic brothel.  However, he always counters that by saying, “It’s just your style,” because he likes having use of my Gothic brothel.
The room is huge considering the size of the house.  It has an attached master bathroom and walk-in closet that’s home to my many pair of jeans, corsets, high-heeled boots, and even a dress or two.  I painted the bedroom a few years ago in a dark burgundy shade.  I matched that with a lovely bedding set of red and black.
Everyone that sees the room is always amazed that I can sleep in a red room.  Something about red not being restful, or something.  But I love it, and always sleep perfectly fine.  Especially after a night of sex.
There are two windows covered with black velvet curtains suspended from black metal rods, and the walls are decorated with numerous mirrors, Celtic symbols, and dark prints of unknown origins.  All are framed by, or created from, black wrought iron metal.  Even the candle stands on the black bedside table are made of wrought iron.
When I hung a leather whip on the wall, Rick decided that when the sun goes down it feels more like a dungeon than a bedroom.  Good!  That’s the way I like it!
I carefully crawled out of bed and headed toward the bathroom--which is the exact opposite of the bedroom with its bright colors and plush towels.  I felt icky from last night’s sex, crash and ultimate hospitalization with needles and drugs.  I needed a shower, some nice smelling shampoo, and even a dose of fresh nail polish to brighten my day.
On the counter next to the sink I spotted the box of “True Red” hair color I purchased the week before.  I ran a finger across the green and yellow box, with its lovely red-headed model on the front who seems thrilled with her new shade.  Not today, I sighed leaving the box on the counter.  Maybe tomorrow.
I’d bought it on a whim a few weeks ago, as a way to spice up my life a bit.  I’m tired of looking at my dirt brown hair against my white chocolate skin.  That’s when I bought a box of the reddest red I could find.  I just haven’t decided exactly when I want to make the change.  The right time will present itself at some point.
I pulled out a thick towel from the bathroom closet and sat it on the toilet for easy access from the shower.  A bath was probably a bad idea since I doubted I’d be able to climb back up out of the tub easily.  I started the water for a steamy shower instead.
While waiting on the water to warm up adequately, I added a new water heater to my mental list of things I’d get around to buying, one of these days.
Standing over the sink, staring into the mirror, I saw the reflection of a terribly battered woman.  
The woman in the mirror removed the hospital gown that she’d been allowed to keep instead of forcing her broken ribs back into her favorite corset.  She ran her fingers over the bandages wound tightly around her body.  Her nails scratched over the rough fabric before unsnapping the metal clasps holding it in place.
The bandages fell away slowly, and the bruised, cracked ribs were revealed.  
Who is that woman in the mirror?  Surely it can’t be me.
I rubbed my hands over the discolored, painful flesh.  The lightest touch made me flinch.  “This will take forever to heal,” I mumbled.  “No more picking up cases of beer for a while.”
I took a hot shower, careful not to let the water spray directly on the ribs, that lasted until all of the hot water was gone.  I’ve always loved showers hot enough to scald the skin off a more sensitive person.  Rick will only shower with me once in a blue moon because he can’t stand the water temperature.
Once out and dried off, I lotioned up with a thick coconut lotion and wrapped up in my oversized fleece robe.  The shower revitalized my spirit.  I felt smoother, refreshed and now it was time for a new nail color!
I love nail polish.  Many women have obsessions with shoes or purses.  Well, mine’s nail polish.  Anytime a new color draws my attention I must have it.  I have bottles ranging in price from under a buck to nearly twenty, and in an array of colors.  The only colors I don’t have are green, orange, and yellow--they wouldn’t really go with anything I wear anyway.
I pulled my bag of polish from the bathroom closet and spread all of them across the counter.  “Hmm, not the black cause that’s what I already have on.”  My fingers ran across the bottles.  “Ah! The Ruby Red is perfect.”
Tara came strolling into the steamy bathroom.  She jumped up on the counter, knocking over the bottles of Sapphire Blue, Midnight Black and Electric Pink nail polish.  “Tara!  Get the hell down, you worthless cat,” I swatted at her.  “I don’t know why I keep you around.”  She twirled around my ankles, purring loudly and rubbing her soft fur against me.  “Ah yes, that’s why I keep you around.  You can be nice when you want something.”
The spoiled brat cat looked up from my feet and flipped over on her back for a tummy rub.  There was no way I was bending over to accommodate her request.  Instead, I used my foot and that was that.
She righted herself and strolled back out the door; probably headed to curl up in a sunny corner for the nap I was supposed to be taking.
I got comfy in my own bed to tend to my massacred nails.  The black that I’d painted them several days ago was badly chipped, a few nails didn’t have any paint left on them at all.  I usually re-paint when the tips start chipping, but it had been a busy week at the bar.
The bar.  I picked up the phone and carefully punched the numbers for the bar with my right hand.  The other end of the line rang as I blew on my left hand.  “Someone better be there,” I mumbled.
The line clicked to indicate someone had picked up.  No one said anything though.  I could hear things banging around in the background and people talking.  “Hello?” I questioned.  “Anyone there?”
Susan’s voice came across loud and clear, “No Liz, you aren’t supposed to be calling.  You’re supposed to be resting.  We’re taking care of it all.  Now stop worrying.”  
Something crashed loudly in the background.  “It’s okay!  I’ll clean it up,” someone else shouted.  
“Shit,” Susan mutter.  And then she hung up on me.
I looked at the phone like it had suddenly turned into a snake.  “Damn it!” I cursed, tossing the phone on the bed.
So I gave up, slid down into the bed and pulled the covers up over my wet head.
I was asleep in under two minutes.

CHAPTER 7




I awoke to the sound of someone running through my house.  I’d lived here long enough to know when someone was in my house and exactly where in the house they were from the creaks and moans of the floor.  Whoever it was, they were running right for me.
I grabbed the gun I kept in my bedside table, wishing I actually kept bullets for it in the same drawer.  At least looking like I was going to use it would give most people pause from their evil intentions.
“Liz!  You awake?” Rick bellowed from the hallway on the other side of my bedroom door.  I didn’t remember closing the door before I fell asleep.
I put the gun away and yelled, “Come on in, Rick!”
With permission granted, he busted into the room like a bull through the gates at a rodeo.
“Has anyone called you?  No, of course they haven’t.  I told them not to,” he rambled while wringing his hands together.
“Why would anyone call me?” I asked, pushing the covers away and shifting up to prop against the pillows.
He paced the room for a few steps before stopping at the foot of the bed.  He fiddled with the hem of his tee shirt.  He looked at the floor, the ceiling, the pattern on the bedspread… everywhere but at me.
“Rick,” I spoke softly, “what’s wrong?”
He sighed heavily, looking at me sorrowfully.  His face sad and uncomfortable.  The whites of his green eyes were streaked with red and his cheeks flushed.  His blonde hair was unruly and looked like he hadn’t bothered to shower yet.   He shuffled his feet, seeming unsure whether to speak, or not.  But he’d come here with a purpose in mind.
Finally making up his mind, he came around to the side of the bed and sat beside me.  He grabbed my newly manicured fingers and looked into my eyes.  “I don’t know how to say this.”
“What is it?  Just tell me.”
“Okay.  Adele’s been killed.”
At first his words didn’t register with my brain.  I just sat there, him holding my hands, staring into his face (which needed a shave now).  Then, a semi-truck ran smack dab into me, head on, at full speed.  My hand freed itself from his grasp and flew to cover my mouth.  All the years of knowing Adele, having her be a part of the family, her helping with the plans for Mom’s funeral… everything flashed before my eyes until they blurred with tears and I couldn’t see anything.
Rick hugged me tightly; I didn’t even flinch from the broken ribs.  That pain had been replaced by one much worse, one in my heart.
“Not Adele,” I sobbed.  “Not again…”
Rick hugged and rocked me, rubbing the long hair from my face and whispering, “Shush,” right into my wounded soul.
I don’t know how long we stayed like that.  I cried, he hugged.  We ended up with him lying behind me, cuddle up as close as he could get with his arms wrapped securely around me.
The sky turned numerous shades of orange, pink and purple as the sun began its descent below the horizon.  The tears slowed to a trickle and the frenzied gasps that accompanied them finally ceased.  I came up for air and hopefully a few answers.
“What happened to her?  She wasn‘t drinking and driving again, was she?” I asked timidly.
Rick shook his head.  “You don’t want to know.”
Damn him!  He knew that I hated people telling me what I do and don’t want to know.  All I had to do was give him “the look” and he reluctantly responded appropriately.
“Okay.  Um, she was found early this morning.  She’d been killed sometime last night.  The cops say that it was around the same time that they found Nurse Cathy dead, and are guessing that it’s the same killer.  Adele was found only a few blocks from the hospital.”
I carefully sat up in bed, pulling my robe tighter against my body, and pushing away so I could turn to look at Rick.  “They think it’s the same killer?  How is that possible?”  Rick had no answer for me.  “Would someone really go from killing a nurse outside a hospital to killing some random woman on the street a few blocks away?  All at the same time?”
Rick sat up and shrugged his shoulders.  “I don’t know, Liz.  That’s all the information Chad could get from his cop buddy, Darnell.  Everyone is being all hush-hush about it for some reason.”
I climbed up off the bed and headed for the kitchen, with Rick calling after me.  I was suddenly thirsty, and for something more than the orange juice in the fridge.  I flung open the cabinet above the refrigerator, where I keep the alcohol, and found that an unopened bottle of Pina Colada mix was all I had.
“I own a bar for fuck’s sake!  And there’s not a drop of liquor here!” I barked, slamming the cabinet door closed with a loud crack of wood against wood.
I retrieved a bottled water from the fridge, yanked off the cap and took a big swig.  I rolled the water around in my mouth, huffing loudly through my nose, before swallowing.  Anger boiled up inside of me.  My thoughts went on a rampage.  I looked down at the bottle in my hand and squeezed tightly.  I watched as the water inside started up the bottle and overflowed all over my hand, and down onto the floor.
Rick came into the kitchen.  “What are you doing?  Liz, there’s water everywhere!”
Anger was quickly replaced with sorrow, once again, as I stood there watching the water sloshing to the floor.  My hand reared back and threw the bottle across the room.  It crashed into the sink of clean dishes Rick had washed earlier.  Things broke, glass shattered, dishes went flying up, only to land in the adjoining sink.
“Liz!” Rick roared, stomping across the floor toward me, but I couldn’t move.  My hands balled into fists at my sides.  He grabbed them and gently pulled me toward the table.  Much to my surprise, my feet actually did move under his command.
He seated me at the table, then turned another chair around to face me.  He rubbed my hands, he kissed the knuckles, he just sat there with me.  When I removed my hands from his, he grabbed a towel to clean up the water in the floor.  It’s no wonder my house is always spotless, with him around.
“Liz, honey,” he started, on his knees wiping at the water, “I know this is hard for you, but we have to be strong now.”  He stopped wiping the water and looked at me.  “Do you think this could have something to do with the guy in the cemetery last night?  Nothing like that has ever happened before, and it really freaked you out.”
“I don’t know,” shaking my head.  “Something weird is going on here and I don’t know what it’s about.  But I don’t think we’ll be going back out to Foster’s for a very long while… if ever.”
He nodded, “Maybe we should talk to the cops about this.”
“I’m surprised they didn’t come asking questions at the hospital.  It’s not every day someone crashes a car in the cemetery,” I answered.  He rose and moved to wipe my hands dry.
“I’ll call Chad in the morning and see if he can get someone out here for a little chat,” he said, sitting across from me again.
“Don’t bother, we can talk to Chad at the bar tomorrow night.”
Shock jumped onto Rick’s face, “I don’t think so!  Do you really think you’re going to work with busted ribs?”
“Well, yeah, I was planning to go in.  That doesn’t mean I have to do any heavy lifting, or anything.  But who else will be able to mix the drinks?  Susan isn’t exactly dependable, you know,” I reminded him.
Susan was the only other person working at Athena’s Ambrosia that knew how to mix almost any drink requested… at least here in Tremmel Crossing where the drinks of choice are beer, beer, and more beer.  And the hardest decision most have to make is, bottle or draft.  There are other orders, but if I’m not there most people stick to easier drinks.  They know I’m the only one who can mix the more elaborate ones.
“I’ll make damn sure she shows up, Liz.  Please just stay home tomorrow,” he pleaded with sheer sincerity.  
“You need to go to work in the morning, right?”
He nodded softly, “Yeah, but I might just take the day off.”
“No!  I’ll not have it! You’ll have to be off one day for Adele’s funeral, so I don’t want you wasting another day of paid work than you have to.  Do not stay out tomorrow.”  He looked at me with a mischievous glint in his eyes.  “I mean it, Rick.  Just go to work in the morning.”
He finally agreed, as long as I promised not to go to the bar.  Then I shooed him out the front door with a declaration of his stench and the requirement that a shower be taken before going to bed.  He pleaded for me to let him stay the night, to watch over me, to help me out, but I adamantly refused and sent him out the door.
“Call me when you hear about Adele’s arrangements,” I shouted after him as he climbed into the truck.  He replied with a wave and a nod.
I closed and locked the door, then flipped off the porch light and wrapped my robe tighter around me.  When my stomach growled loudly, I realized I hadn’t eaten anything since the scrambled eggs and veggie sausage Rick cooked for me this morning.
I shuffled back into the kitchen and rummaged through the fridge again.  This time looking for something of substance.  I don’t usually have to worry about eating at home because I’m at the bar snacking most every day.  It was slim pickings tonight though.
I finally gave up the food treasure hunt and threw a frozen chicken Panini into the microwave, and waited.  Tara appeared from her hiding spot, meowing for some dinner of her own.  To which she received a big bowl of Kitty Kibble.  The microwave chimed its finished beep and I retrieved a steaming sandwich.
I collected the food, my pain pills, and another bottled water and took them back to my room to settle in for dinner and this week’s episode of Dexter on Showtime.  That Michael C. Hall makes quite the convincing serial killer, and I never miss an episode.
Dinner was good enough to satisfy my empty stomach, and the pain pills were gigantic.  The last thing I remember before falling into a restless, deep sleep was hearing Rita tell Dexter she was pregnant.  I wondered what it would be like to tell Rick the same thing.  Adele would have loved to hear something like that from me.  Then my mind was swallowed by darkness.
The dream started right away.  A man hiding in the shadows.  He kept staring at me as I stood in the center of a cemetery, stark naked and all alone.  He wouldn’t come out from the shadows, but I could hear his voice… or maybe it was his thoughts I heard.  I couldn’t see his face, but his long silvery hair sparkled in the moonlight as he moved around.
He circled the area from a few yards away.  I watched as he crisscrossed between headstones, taking determined steps, focusing on me the entire time.  His eyes never left mine as he circled around over and over again.  I could hear him whispering for me to submit, for me to give in to his desires.  I didn’t know what his desires were though.
A cool summer breeze caressed my exposed body, causing goosebumps to cover my skin.  Each bump made my skin more sensitive to even the slightest touch.  A severe shiver ran down my body and my heart fluttered as his circle got tight enough for his hair to slide across my arm with each pass.
He wore a long black cape that hid his attire.  Even when he stepped into the moonlight his face was shrouded in shadows.  His hands were so white that they appeared to glow in the darkness.
I didn’t care that I was naked in front of this mysterious man.  I stood there, not even attempting to hide my body—not that it would’ve helped anyway.  My hair was hanging down over my shoulders.  The breeze blew again and a few tendrils tickled my back; more goose bumps appeared.
Tension was building in the pit of my stomach, feeling as heavy as a brick.  A flutter of excitement quickened my pulse.  The breeze made my teeth chatter.
“Come with me,” he whispered.  Or maybe he thought it.  I couldn’t tell if his lips moved.
“Where?” I asked, my voice sounding distant and unfamiliar.  It had a hint of possession in the tone.  Kind of like those old horror movies where people run around saying, “Yes, Master” in creeping monotone voices.
He stopped circling and stood inches from my face.  Even at this close proximity I couldn’t see his face.  However, when the light hit them just right, his eyes glowed a bright silver color.  They almost matched his silvery hair, only brighter.
He stared into my eyes, past the pupils and directly into my brain.  My eyes opened wide and my body seemed frozen in place.  I didn’t blink, I didn’t move and I didn’t breathe.  An urgency to do what he asked, without question, burned in my heart.  If he’d asked me to stand on my head I would have found a way to do it.
When he released his hold on my mind, my whole body relaxed with a slump.  He pressed his body against mine.  Every inch of me felt the fabric of his cape.  His hands slipped over my hips and pulled me to him.  There was a prominent bulge pressing against my stomach as he ground his body against mine.
A shudder of electricity shot through my body when he caressed my breast with one hand and my behind with the other.  His fingers kneading and teasing in both locations.  A moan escaped my throat as he moved one hand between my legs.  My knees buckled beneath me.
He held me tightly against him; not allowing me to escape his probing.  My body begged for more, more, more.  His tongue licked my lips, moving slowly over my chin, then trailing down my neck.  My head fell to the side with another audible moan.
His fingers were well trained in the art of making a woman orgasm.  I approached the pinnacle of desire, nearing crescendo as my body begged, pleaded for more.  Everything throbbed, tingled, sizzled with electricity.  My heart raced.  That familiar feeling of nearing the finish line took over.
His tongue lapped at my neck.  My breathing turned into pants, groans, moans.  Then the wave crashed, I let out a scream of ecstasy at the exact moment he growled, and then a searing pain stabbed into the side of my neck!

CHAPTER 8




I awoke to the pleasure-filled spasms left over after fantastic sex.  Only I hadn’t had fantastic sex.  It was just a dream… apparently a very good dream.  Yet a dream nonetheless.
The last bodily shudders splayed my fingers and curled my toes as I sat up in bed.  My breathing was rapid and my ribs ached even more than when I’d fallen asleep.  Tiny beads of moisture covered my forehead as if I’d just finished the workout of a lifetime.
I ran my hand through my hair and down around my neck, until I came to a very tender spot.  The dream had been so vivid, so clear that it wasn’t hard to remember the ending.  He’d bitten me!
I stroked the tender spot on my neck, trying to remember if it’d been there before the dream.  Maybe it’d happened in the accident?
No, I didn’t see it in the mirror before my shower.  Maybe I just hadn’t noticed it with all my focus on the ugly black and blue ribs
That was highly unlikely though.
It was dark outside.  The bedside clock told me that, at three in the morning, it was far too early to be awake.  The sun wouldn’t be up for a few more hours.  
I laid back in bed, trying to get a grip over my relaxed, yet tensed, body that was still relishing in the afterglow of sex.  Sure, I’ve had fantasy sex dreams before, and even awakened quite aroused, but this was different.  Very different.  The feelings I had were more intense, more physical, more real than any of those other dreams.
Who was the man?  He had the same silhouette from the cemetery, but I couldn’t say that it was the same person with one hundred percent certainty.  Besides, the guy in the cemetery gave me the willies and made me want to get out of there as quickly as possible.  Hence the broken ribs.  This dream guy made me feel soothed, complacent, and as high as a jetliner.  I certainly didn’t want to get away from him.
Tara jumped up on the bed; settling on top of my stomach.  The pressure from her small body was too much for my ribs to take, though.  I rose with her in my arms.  “Not tonight, Tara.  You need to sleep in your bed tonight.”  I placed her in the cat house that sat in the corner of my Gothic brothel.  It’s the only thing that doesn’t quite go with the décor of my brothel.
She perched on the edge and looked up at me with eyes of disapproval.  It wasn’t often that I kicked her out of my bed when I was home alone.  She obviously didn’t appreciate it.
“Get over it,” I muttered on my way to the bathroom.
I did my business in the dark, but afterward decided to check out the spot on my neck.  I flicked on the light and there, in the mirror, was his face.  I jumped back with a yelp and fumbled to turn the light back off with my right hand as my left went to my thumping heart.  My eyes searched the mirror in the dark and when I finally got the nerve up to turn the light back on, he was gone.  
The quick sight of him was enough to bring on another small jerk that rose through my entire body.  His face had been obscured by darkness, but I knew it was him.  Most of all, my body knew it was him.
I peered into the mirror.  “Who are you?” I whispered, rubbing my fingers across the smooth glass.  Thankfully, no one answered back.
“Okay, Liz.  Stop talking to thin air,” I chastised, shaking my head.
My gaze returned to my original goal, my neck.  Surprised, I discovered two small circle shaped bruises.  I pulled my hair further away and inched closer to the mirror.  Running my fingers across the circles affirmed that they were right over the artery.  There were no puncture wounds, simply bruises where puncture wounds should have been; if it hadn’t been a dream!  
“Holy shit!” were the words lingering on my lips.
I’d read vampire books and seen vampire movies.  They are my favorites.  I’ve even met some real people who like to vampire role play.  But I’d never met a real vampire, nor had a dream about one.
Was this real, or just a fucked up fantasy?  Whatever it was, I definitely liked the way my body felt at the moment.  Just thinking of the dream brought about another dose of throbbing, aching, tingling below the waist.
I stared closer at the bruises on my neck.  Excitement rushed over me like an ocean wave; drenching me in emotions I’d never expected from something as serious as discovering that vampires are real.  A normal person would probably be worried, scared, running to the authorities.  Not I! I was thinking about when the next time I’d be able to dream about him might be.
A sound outside the bathroom window perked my ears up and directed my senses back into real life.  I tightened my robe again and peered cautiously out the window.  It was too dark to see anything, but I knew something, or someone, was outside; I hoped it was the man of my dreams.
Rushing to the front door, I knocked it open with enough force that it slammed against the house and bounced back toward me.  I saw no one, but then again if it were him he’d probably be hiding in the shadows.
“Hello?” I queried gently.  “Is anyone here?”
The distant call of a lone owl was the only response.  My mind wondered to the poor field mouse it was probably stalking by the light of a star-filled sky.  Better the owl than Tara and her grotesque desire to show me all of her beloved dead prizes.  I shuddered at the thought.
I eased out the doorway, stepping onto the cool wood porch.  The light was still off and darkness blanketed everything around me.  The sky was clear, with only a sprinkling of stars creating pinpoints throughout.  I inhaled the sweet night air; fragrant with the scent of a distant rain shower on the march.
A voice sounded in my ears.  “I want you,” it growled.  “And I will have you,” it declared with certainty.
“Then come get me!” I shouted; arms stretched out to the wooden lot around my house.  “Come take me if you want me so badly!”
Was I crazy?  Mentally challenged?  Or just reeling from the prescription drugs in my bloodstream?  I wasn’t sure, but I certainly wasn’t afraid anymore.
An illuminated whirlwind surrounded my body with the speed of a small tornado.  Leaves flew off the trees closest to the house.  Debris lifted up off the ground.  Water droplets from the bird bath spun around my body, sprinkling my face with a light rain.  It was glorious.
I squeezed my eyes closed against the dust captured in the current.  A hard, tall body pressed firmly behind me.  My body knew it was him, but my brain was screaming, what the fuck are you doing you stupid bitch?  His hands gripped the collar of my robe, sliding it off my shoulders with the lightest touch of his fingertips.  His mind slowly invaded mine, pushing the “stupid bitch” thoughts deeper, further away into non-existence.
The wind continued to swirl around us.  All air was being sucked from my lungs as my mind was sucked free of all resistance.  His lips found the tip of my ear, his tongue followed the curve downward, and sucking gently on the lobe.  His fingers ran across my moist lips before delving inside my mouth.  My teeth scraped at his fingers before they escaped, sliding smoothly down the front of my neck, and settling just above the collar bones.
His mouth moved down my neck to the shoulder.  The robe came untied and fell slowly to the porch floor.  My naked body was yet again exposed to the world.  Only this time, I was pretty sure it wasn’t a dream.
His flesh pressed against my bare body.  He wasn’t cloaked in fabric this time.  There wasn’t a single stitch of clothing on any part of his body.
He cupped a breast with one hand as the other stayed on my throat.  I moaned loudly as he rolled a perky nipple between thumb and forefinger.  He moved to the other and enticed yet another moan in the same manner.
My own hands slid around behind, stroking, caressing, kneading his firm ass.  His erection pressed against my behind, growing larger and more demanding.  Urgency, desire, lust overpowering all other senses with the pressure of his body against mine.
“Do it,” I gasped.
His hands gripped my shoulders, spinning me around as fast as the whirlwind around us. And there it was; I could finally see his face!  It was more gorgeous than anyone I’d ever seen, and probably ever would.  The silvery hair whipped around in the whirlwind, but his face was stark still; as still and smooth as stone.
His face appeared illuminated by the low light of the stars above.  Long, black lashes frame round eyes of icy blue.  A high, un-creased forehead and long slender nose seemed to coordinate perfectly with his sharp, high cheekbones.  While his jaw line was wide and rugged.
His lips… Oh, his lips were delectable, plump, and blood red.  The desire to lick the color from them was enough to drive any woman mad with longing.
Timidly, I reached for his cheek.  It was so cold and smooth that I gasped, and my fingers recoiled as if touched by fire.  Sadness flashed across his bright eyes at my seeming rejection of him.
My fingertips hovered just above the surface of his face, but only for a second.  The corners of my lips upturned and acceptance conquered my mind and body, all resistance was lost.  I cradled his icy cheek, hoping I’d get use to the cold, just as his mouth raided mine.
No emotion crossed his face, but the threshold of his soulful eyes was breached with each second his body pressed against mine, each slide of my hand against his back, each time his tongue delved deeper into my mouth.  
“I want you,” his husky voice hissed into my ear.  “May I have you?” he asked with a lick up my neck; flicking the earlobe gently.
“Yes,” I sighed, breathless.  My voice distant, low, not entirely my own.  “You may have all of me.”
The tornado around us suddenly stopped.  He moved so quickly that I couldn’t keep up.  He swept me up into his arms.  Not many men of his size could do that with my tall, plump frame.  He moved us into the house with the speed of a cheetah, and right into my bedroom.  
The fact that he knew exactly which room it was didn’t surprise me as much as the gentleness he displayed as he placed me on the bed.  There was more light in my room than had been outside, so I could see his body clearly as he towered over me.
Every inch of his body was flawless--not a single scar, birthmark, or wrinkle gave away his age or welfare.  His chest was smooth and hairless, as was the rest of his body, except for the one area that begged for more attention.   Dark, curling tendrils cushioned the base of his penis, covering the scrotum in a protective camouflage.
The urge to take him in my mouth was too much for me to ignore.  I wanted to know his taste, his texture, the feeling of him in my mouth.  I slowly slid down the bed under him--ignoring the fact that I hadn’t felt pain from my broken ribs the entire time he’d been touching me--and eased him into my mouth.
He gasped at the first touch of my tongue rolling over the tender tip.  He was as cold here as he was on his face.  The flesh smooth and thick, salty and sweet, was as cold as an ice cube; filling my mouth, my throat, pulsing as he groaned.  My moist, warm mouth moved up and down the length, warming, licking, pulling him closer to the edge and then pushing him back again.  
He moaned, swayed, sighed.  Fingers entangled my long hair, wrapping it around his hands in an attempt to control my speed and depth.  He growled as he broke free of my suction and pulled me further up on the bed.
My stomach knotted in anticipation.  He hovered over me like a conquistador ready to take what was rightly his.  He leaned in close; his chest just barely rubbing against my nipples and making them peak from the coolness of his skin.  His eyes made my heart skip a beat, and then double in speed when he whispered, “You’re going to enjoy this.”
He went first to my nipples.  Scraping one with his teeth while pinching the other between his fingers.  Then suckling one and then the other.  His tongue cold and rough; making my body all the more sensitive to everything happening.  
His mouth moved slowly down between my breasts and down over my stomach.  Leaving a path of desire in its wake that ran straight to the core of my being.  His tongue circled my navel before moving even lower.  First my inner thigh, then the top of the pubic bone.  His teeth nipped at the flesh, teasing, building, tormenting my entire existence.  
My eyes closed and a loud gasp escaped as his long, slender fingers entered my body.  My head flung backwards on the pillows when he hit a spot that had long been cast off as a myth of the female anatomy-- at least this female’s anatomy.
Then his tongue joined in on the fun.  My body writhed with pleasure.  Mind, body, spirit, soul all as one and completely ignorant of anything other than the sensations this man, this creature, was procuring with each flick of his tongue, nip of his teeth, movement of his fingers.
I was about to fly over the edge when he withdrew.  His body slithered back up to me.  “Now?” he asked.
With an erratic nodding of my head, my voice came close to shouting when I responded with, “Yes!  Now!  Right now!”
For the first time, his face wasn’t rock solid.  The corners of his mouth curled up into a grin, appearing both evil and mischievous in nature.  He grasped his length with one hand, slowly (excruciatingly slow) guiding it deep inside.  I wondered if the raspy moaning was from him or me as my mind whirled.
He pumped, first slow and easy, then fast and forceful. My legs wrapped around his waist, pushing him even deeper.  Beads of sweat trickled down my face.  Goosebumps covered my breasts.  
His hands grasped my hips and pulled me harder, faster, more urgent against him.  Our bodies moved in unison, in and out, up and down.  Hands groping, pinching, squeezing, pulling.  Mouths locked together before licking and nipping at other spots of tender flesh.
My body throbbed and ached for more, harder, faster, deeper.  His body moved to accommodate my mental requests without saying a word.  Moans came faster, louder.  Was that him or me?  I didn’t know anymore.  
He pulled me up into a sitting position atop his thighs.  His hands beneath my ass gave enough leverage for him to keep pounding.  My arms wrapped around his neck and my ankles hooked behind his back.  His mouth found mine again.
I heard his voice in my head.  Hot.  Sexy.  Moist.  Soft.  Harder.
His mouth went to my neck.  I felt my body moving faster toward the finish line.  He pumped harder.  My body bounced above his, coming back down harder each time.
My moans turned into squeals as his fingers dug into my fleshy behind.  His eyes grew wide as they stared into mine in that last moment.  I’d seen that look from other men before.  His fingers slipped down between our legs and gave a little flick.  That was all it took to send me crashing upon the shore.
He pulled my head to one side and bite into my neck just as an orgasm so fierce, so forceful, and more powerful than I’d ever experience in my entire adult life washed over me as hard as being hit by a train.  I didn’t feel any pain from the bite--though I could smell the very distinct scent of blood--as he devoured me.  My body shuddered, shook, twitched, contracted inside and out.  My breath came in short quick bursts.  Every muscle in my body went limp with exhaustion.
We moaned in unison while clinging tighter than a bear trap to the other.  Slowly our bodies relaxed and he retracted his teeth from my neck.  He lowered me back to the bed and settled down beside me.  He didn’t seem to be even a little winded, and I was panting harder than an out of shape marathon runner.  
“So what’s your name anyway?” I managed to ask hoarsely.
He chuckled in a deep, amused tone.  “Marcus Vroc at your service, milady.”

CHAPTER 9




The combination of sex and pain pills must have been too much for my system, for I awoke ten hours later to a room full of sunshine and an empty bed.  My head throbbed and eyes retaliated against the bright rays of the sun.  I pulled the blanket over my face, and then the phone rang.
“Liz!” the voice on the other end shouted frantically into my ear.  “Thank God you answered.  Are you okay?  Is something wrong?”
“Rick?”  My mind was hazy and his shouting only made it worse.  “Why are you so upset?” I questioned groggily. 
“Liz, I’ve been calling for hours now.  Where were you?  Why didn’t you answer?  I was about to leave work and come over there!”
“I’m fine,” I lied.  “I’m just tired, and I think these pain pills are kicking my ass.”
“You were asleep this whole time?”  Disbelief dripping from his words like blood from a wound.
I mumbled a nearly inaudible “Uh-huh,” but he was having none of it.
“I’m coming over.  You shouldn’t be there all alone, and on pain meds.”
Oh shit!  I couldn’t let him find me like this.  He’d know right away that someone else had been in my bed since he left it last.
“No!” I insisted, probably a little more forcefully than I should have.  “Uh, I mean,” backtracking has never been one of my strong suits, “you don’t need to come over.  I’m fine…  Um, and you need the pay.”
“Are you sure?”  He knew something wasn’t right.   The tone of his voice was that of concern.  I knew he could tell I was lying.
“Rick, I’m fine!  Now if you don’t mind, I’m going back to sleep.  Bye,” I snapped.
He said something, but I stabbed the phone’s off button before it was completely out of his mouth.  He’d probably be mad at me, but his concern would overshadow that.  He’d be over here as soon as his shift was over.
I looked around the room.  Nothing out of the ordinary, other than the wrinkled sheets declaring that there had been lots of action on top of them the night before.  I needed to change them, and quickly.
I was slow climbing out of the bed, expecting to be in some real pain from the ribs and shocked that there was nothing.  No pain at all.  Not even a slight twinge.
I stood easily, painlessly, and walked to the bathroom mirror.  I rubbed across the bones that were broken just hours ago.  The bruises that I’d assumed would last for many weeks, had not only faded, but disappeared completely.  The flesh was a little paler than the area around it, but more than likely only noticeable by the person living in it.
I looked at my neck, but there weren’t any bruises left there either.  I knew he’d bitten me this time.  Not just weird dream feeding, but true, real, vampire-style, fangs in the neck biting.
“What’s going on here?” I mumbled, rubbing my neck.
I knew in my head this was wrong.  This was something no human should be dabbling in.  This was dangerous.  There’s a reason all the books and movies depict vampires as murderous monsters worthy of your fear.  They are!
He’d done something to me.  He’d put me under a spell that stripped me of all common sense.  I didn’t know what that something was, and in all honesty, at that point I didn’t really give a damn.
My body was in complete contradiction with my mind.  The pleasure centers had gone into overload.  Hormonal parts that usually dictate the life of a teenager were pushing me forward into the arms of a monster.  And now I was spontaneously healing?  Who could pass that up?  Someone with some common sense and a decent fight-or-flight response built in.  Apparently that wasn’t me.
Some may wonder how I could be so certain that this mystery man, this Marcus Vroc, was a real, honest to God vampire.  Well, some would have to be a fucking idiot not to see the facts staring them right in the face, especially with one inch long fangs burrowing into your flesh.
Other than the doubts running through my mind, I felt rather sprightly now that the grogginess was wearing off.  I pried myself away from the mirror, threw on a pair of cut-off sweatpant shorts and tank top, and then tackled the changing of bed sheets.  I had the bed stripped and was spraying the mattress down with apple-scented fabric freshener when the doorbell rang.
Tara came strolling into the room; jumping up and plopping right in the middle of my still damp mattress.  “You expecting guests?” I questioned.  She answered with a yawn and curled up into a ball for a nap.  “Guess not,” I sighed, heading toward the front of the house.
The front door was closed and locked like it should be, which was unexpected after being picked up and rushed off to bed in a frenzy of elation.  The knocking continued.  On the other side I found my head server, friend, and second bartender, Susan Malroy.
“Why hey there, Susan.  What brings you over here in the middle of the day?”  I motioned her inside and she took a seat on the couch as if she does it all the time… well, actually she does.
I’d known Susan since the day I opened the bar.  She was the first person to apply for a job with me.  I hired her on the spot; not because of her sparkling employment record and experience, but because I liked her personality.  She and I just clicked.  We became fast friends and she’s worked for me ever since.
“Rick sent me over to check on you.  Looks like you’re doing just fine though.”  She eyed me suspiciously.  “How they feeling?” she asked, pointing in the direction of my newly healed ribcage. 
Susan was no nonsense.  She has a teenage son and knows how to get to the bottom of anything.  Sometimes she’s more mother than employee.
“Um, well,” I cradled the nonexistent injury.  “I’m doing okay.  A little sore, but I think it’s healing quickly.”
“You look good,” she threw out there.  “I guess there was no reason for me to come over then.”
“Ah, we all know how protective Rick is of me” trying to act nonchalant about it all.  “He’s just worried.  I’ve never been busted up, and hardly ever sick since he’s known me.”  I smiled brightly.
She sat there staring at me with narrowed eyes; judging me.  I fidgeted--going from one foot to the other, popping my knuckles, smoothing my hair back.  “You want something to drink?” I asked, trying to avoid her gaze as much as possible.
She smiled brightly, rose from the couch, and then her entire demeanor changed.  She went from suspicious and hard to chipper and cheerful with the flip of a switch.  “Nope.  I’m good.  I’m going to get out of your hair now.  I’m sure Rick was just overreacting.  He’ll come by later just to prove to himself that you’re okay.”  We chuckled, though nervously on my part, and then she left.  I watched as her car pulled away and disappeared down the driveway.
I spent the rest of the day in a sort of haze.  I didn’t need any pain pills since the injury was gone, but I still felt drugged out and jittery.  I did laundry, cleaned the bathroom, straightened up the bedroom and found a sock shoved down in a chair.  By the time Rick showed up at six, I was on edge and extremely short tempered.  I should have been at Athena’s Ambrosia, not sitting around the house.  
“No, you’re not going to the bar tonight!  You just got out of the hospital.  I’ve been worried sick about you all day,” he shouted as I pulled my boots on and grabbed my cell phone.  “Liz, are you listening?  Your employees have it all under control.”  He paused, probably hoping I’d change my mind.  When I didn’t, he steeled his backbone, stomped a work boot clad foot and shouted, “You’re not going, damn it!”
I rose slowly from the edge of the bed.  He backed up a step as I came closer.  With my boots on I was a good three inches taller than him. Anger boiled up inside my head.  I took a deep breath and huffed it back out.  My blood pressure was rising and I was about to lose all control.
“Just who do you think you are telling me what I will and will not do?  You, Richard Lee Curry, will not dictate my life to me!” I shouted, poking his chest with each word I spat at him.  
“But Liz,” he cooed.  “I’m worried about you.”  He tried to hug me, but I pushed him back.  “You haven’t been acting like yourself since that night.  Even Susan said something was different about you.”
Damn Susan!
“I’m going to the bar.  Do you want to come with me, or do you want mope around and pout?” I abrasively demanded to know.  When he didn’t answer, I turned and started down the hallway.  He came after me, grabbing me by the arm and pulling with all his might.  I swung around facing him, but kept my balance.
The expression on his face was that of confusion.  His eyes grew wide and his mouth dropped open slightly.  “You didn’t even flinch…”  His eyes lowered to my chest and then slowly rose back up to meet my angry gaze.  
I pulled my arm sharply from his grasped.  Anger sparked in his blue eyes.  I hadn’t seen that since high school, when a football player got it in his addlebrained head to rape me.  Rick, being half the other guy’s size, had risked his life to save me.
What was I doing?  Fighting with my best friend, hiding a miraculously healed injury, fucking some guy I didn’t know anything about, and not to mention that he’s a damn vampire.  Nevertheless, I couldn’t shake this feeling of getting Rick as far away from me as possible--something I’d never felt before.  I’d always enjoyed him being close at hand, and happily, jumping anytime I asked, “Wanna play?”
“Liz,” he said, gently.  “I’m worried about you.  Something’s going on.  I don’t know if it’s related to the injury, the medication, or something else.  But something is really wrong.”
I nodded, but didn’t speak.  I knew he was right.  I wanted to tell him he was right.  The words just wouldn’t come.  What if he didn’t believe me?  What if he thought I’d gone insane?  Probably no more than he already does.
“How about a compromise?” he suggested, gently raising my chin so I’d look him in the eyes.  “Tomorrow is Adele’s funeral.  Her niece called me earlier.  It’s at three o’clock.”  I nodded my understanding.  “How about you don’t go to the bar--”  
“But--” I started to speak.  
“Just for tonight!  Then tomorrow we’ll go to Adele’s funeral, and if you still want to go back to work, I’ll go with you and help out.”
He paused; his eyes longing, searching, burning deep into my soul.  
“Okay,” my voice cracking and somber.
Rick leaned in slowly, wrapping his arms around me gently.  “Thank you,” he whispered.  Then he carefully released me.  “Now, would you like to explain the broken ribs to me?”  I shook my head.  He shrugged one shoulder and mumbled, “Whatever,” before stepping past me and going into the living room.
My feet wouldn’t move.  They felt glued in place, right there in the hallway.  My chest ached from how fast my heart was beating.  Drugs, it has to be the drugs.
“Come on,” Rick insisted from the other room.  “I’ll order pizza and we’ll see what’s coming on HBO.”
“Yeah, okay.  Whatever you want,” I sighed.  “I’ll be there in a minute.”
I had to forcefully will my feet to move.  When they did, it was to take me back into my bedroom.  I stripped off the boots, jeans, and shirt, replacing them with the old shorts and tank top.  I stood in front of the bathroom mirror and cried silently.  How could something as sinfully fantastic as last night cause me to feel so horribly deceitful today?  
What the hell was Marcus Vroc doing to me?  Would I risk everything, everyone for time with him?
Marcus didn’t come to me when darkness fell that night.  Rick hung out watching movies and eating pizza until I found him asleep with Tara curled up in his lap shortly after midnight.  Normally I would’ve just covered him up and let his sleep, but tonight I wanted him to go home to his own place.  I woke him gently, reminded his weary eyes that he had work and Adele’s funeral tomorrow, and then led him to the door.
“I’ll come by about eleven-thirty to pick you up,” he yawned.  “Adele’s niece said there was something she wanted to give you before the funeral begins.”  I nodded, and he gave me a quick peck on the cheek before leaving.
As soon as his taillights disappeared from sight, I fell into bed, consumed by exhaustion and remorse.

CHAPTER 10




After an uneventful and unfulfilled night alone, Rick showed up right on time at eleven-thirty.
He wore the only suit he owns, dubbed his “life events” suit because he only wears it to two major life events--weddings and funerals.  It was a jacket in a shade of light gray with matching slacks.  He wore a pale blue dress shirt under the jacket and a darker blue tie centered in the front.  He was slick even down to his black, freshly shined dress shoes.
His blonde hair was soft and tame.  I could tell that he’d taken special care with it this morning.  His blue eyes were dull and sporting some rather dark circles beneath.  There was no telling what time he actually went to bed last night after leaving my house.
I was putting the finishing touches on my fresh coat of Sapphire Blue nail polish when he came into the bathroom.
“I like that color,” he said, staring at me perched precariously on the edge of the bathtub with a foot propped on the nearby toilet seat.  “It matches your necklace.”
“I have earrings to go with it too,” I grinned, feeling more like myself this morning.
“I know,” he said.
I wore a modest, black wrap dress with three quarter sleeves and a hemline just above the knee.  The bust was low enough to wear it to a party, but not so low that it’d be construed as disrespectful at a funeral.  And disrespectful was the last thing I wanted to be at Adele’s funeral.
“We better get going.  Nancy was asking for you,” Rick reminded me.
“Okay, let’s go,” I chimed, jumping up and grabbing my earrings from the jewelry box on the way out of the bedroom. 
The parking lot at the funeral home was packed with the cars of friends and family.  People crowded around the entrance, chatting, smoking, sharing stories about Adele, and laughing at her sometimes humorous anecdotes.  Adele had her vices, but she was greatly loved in her fifty-five years of life.
Adele’s niece, Nancy Brickman, was sitting on a bench, outside the circle of people.  She wore a stylish, purple flowered summer dress and brown wedge sandals with ankle straps.  They were beautiful shoes.  She’d always been a lovely girl, especially because she wasn’t a stick figure of a woman.  She had a little meat on her bones, as they say.  Her black hair sparkled in the sunlight with a glossy sheen.
She spotted us coming across the parking lot and started toward us.  She seemed relieved that someone her own age was there.
“Liz, Rick,” she hugged us both at the same time.  “I’m so glad you two could make it.  Aunt Adele loved you both like her own children.  Well, if she’d ever had children,” she corrected with a smile.
“Oh Nancy, we’re so sorry about this.  I can’t believe that I won’t be seeing her every week.” I said as the statement actually hit home.
“I heard you were injured,” Nancy inquired.  “Are you okay?”
I nodded, “Oh yes, it’s nothing.  Just a minor thing.”  It was minor now anyway.
“Good, good.  Now, let’s go inside and get away from all of these fair weather friends,” her tone declaring that she wasn’t a bit happy with the turnout of mourners.  “Half of these people hadn’t even seen Aunt Adele in years, but they’re more than happy to show up and eat our food.”
Rick and I exchanged looks, him with a raised eyebrow.  I mentally agreed with Nancy as I had flashbacks to my mother’s funeral.  There were more relatives and so called friends that I’d never met than there were of people who knew and truly loved Mom.
Nancy led the way, past the “mourners” who were laughing it up and chain smoking in their Sunday best, into the funeral home and down the hallway that led to the private offices.  I hadn’t been in here since Mom, and the flashes of my sorrow were almost too much to bear.  Rick wrapped an arm around my waist as I paused next to the doorway of the room my mother had been laid out in.
“I’m here,” he whispered in my ear.  I nodded, blinking back tears, and we kept going.
Nancy opened the door to one of the offices.  Inside was a table, and seated around it were a group of three men and two women.  The men rose when I stepped into the room, as the women asked and motioned for us to have a seat.
“Welcome, Ms. Baker, Mr. Curry.  We’re glad to meet you,” said the man in the middle, while extending his hand to me and then Rick.  “My name is Jim Conrad, and these are my associates,” he introduced with a wave of his hand.  
He was older, probably in his mid-fifties, or so.  He wore a very stylish, probably very expensive, black suit that coordinated with his handsome salt and pepper hair.  He was nice looking, for an older guy.
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Conrad” I replied.  
“Oh, please, call me Jim.”
“All right.  What’s this all about, Jim?” I asked, taking the seat directly across from him.  He took his seat again, as well.
“Well, this has to do with Aunt Adele’s estate,” Nancy answered, surprised that I didn’t already know.
“Estate?” I asked.  “Since when does Adele have an estate?”
One of the ladies across the table chuckled.  “Where do you think she got the money that she drank up at your bar?”
“Dana,” Jim growled.  The amused look on her face quickly disappeared.
“Yes, Adele had an estate.  It was left to her by her late husband, back in the seventies.  She never used the property, but she also refused to sell it,” a younger man to Jim’s right explained.
Back to Jim, “Basically, you’re here because Adele left it all to you, Ms. Baker.  With provisions for Ms. Brickman, as well.”
“To me?  I’m confused,” like they couldn’t tell that.  “Why would she leave it to me?”
Rick clasped my hand under the table and squeezed gently.  Which was the sign he always gave me when I needed to calm down and just listen.  Well, unless it was accompanied by a raised eyebrow and a slight grin.  Then it meant a completely different thing.
Nancy spoke this time.  “Aunt Adele felt guilty about your mother’s death and wanted to make amends to you.”
I looked to Rick, but his face held no more answers than my own did.  “What?  My mom died of cancer.  It’s impossible that Adele had anything to do with her death.”
“Here,” Jim handed me an envelope.  “This will explain everything.”  I looked at the beige envelope in my hand and then back at Jim.  “It’s from Adele.  I was there when she wrote it.  She made me promise that it would be delivered directly into your hands, and only by me, in the event of her death.”
“What is it?” I asked, still holding the envelope at a distance.  Rick took it from my hand and laid it on the table in front of us.
“Just read it later, after the funeral,” Jim replied, empathy coloring his face a pale pink.  “Come back in here after the funeral, and after you’ve read the letter.  When you’re ready, and understand what’s happened, then we’ll go over the estate, your portion, and have you sign the papers… if you still want to inherit the estate.”
My mind was spinning.  My world wasn’t what I thought it was.  My mom had died from cancer; I saw her in the hospital hooked up to all of the machines.  I was there when she died; holding her hand, rubbing her head, crying my eyes out for days, weeks, months afterward.
My fingertips massaged my aching temples.  Rick placed a hand on my knee as a way to let me know that he was still there beside me if I needed him.
“It’s time,” Nancy said, looking at her gold wristwatch.  She turned in her seat to face me, took my left hand, and stated in a soothing, caring voice, “She loved you Liz.  You know I do too.  We played, and fought, like sisters when we were kids.  She only wanted to take care of you.”
I looked up from the table into her green eyes.  They shimmered with withheld tears.  She was going to miss Adele almost as much as I would.
“She’d been another mother to me,” I whispered, my voice cracked and uneven with sadness.
Nancy hugged me tightly.  “I know.  I know,” she whispered back, a tear escaping and rolling down her cheek.

CHAPTER 11




The funeral was lovely.  There were dozens of flower arrangements crowded around the most luxurious (if they can be described as that) coffin I’ve ever seen.  There’s something about flowers at a funeral that creeps me out.  All of these beautiful, fresh, full of life blooms cut short so that they can surround death in a coffin.  Then they’re laid over a grave and left to rot along with the corpse.  But, at least they’re pretty for the service.
Adele looked lovely in her favorite blue dress, but I thought they overdid the makeup a bit.  She was even wearing a pair of sapphire earrings that I’d given her as a Christmas gift a few years ago.  Made me wonder if she’d chosen all of this ahead of time (there were lawyers running around after all), or if someone else had rummaged through her belongings and thought them fitting for today.
There was a sermon that I didn’t listen to much of (I’ve never been much of a religious person) and several people made speeches about how they knew and loved Adele.  I only knew one of the speakers, so how close to Adele could they have possibly been?  There was the long line of mourners pushed into the chapel’s aisle to go up and wish Adele a fond farewell.  I lingered at her side a moment longer to pat her cold, stiff hand.  And then it was time for the singing of a hymn before the service ended.
I worked my way out of the chapel when everyone stood to sing Amazing Grace.  Rick started to slip out with me, but I shook my head and motioned for him to stay.  He did, much to my amazement.
Outside the chapel doors, I settled onto a padded bench framed by a large picture window and opened the envelope that Jim had given me.  The handwriting was definitely Adele’s.  A fresh bout of tears formed behind my eyelids.  
“Oh Adele,” I cried, counting that there were five full pages in my hand.
I sat there reading and reading.  People came out of the chapel with tear-streaked faces, yet I continued reading.  I only gave pause when Rick joined me on the bench to watch Adele’s body being rolled out of the chapel and placed into the awaiting hearse.  She had requested no graveside service, so no one would be following the hearse.  I mentally agreed to stop by tomorrow and say my private good-bye to her.
Numerous people came by to shake my hand, pat me on the shoulder, and wish me well.  Many left me with the seemingly required “If you need anything…”  Several elderly ladies mentioned that they’d brought casseroles, cakes, or pies and that the goodies were in the funeral home’s cafeteria for all to enjoy.  All mourners need food, you know.  You have to feed your sorrow.
When everyone finally left--most likely heading to the cafeteria--I returned to the letter in my hand.  Rick mentioned something about going to get a Coke, but I just shooed him off when he asked if I wanted anything.  Nancy came by, saw me reading, and left again without a word.  
By the time I finished reading the words that had been written by Adele’s own hand, my entire existence was in question.  My parentage was a lie.  And I didn’t know whether to cry my eyes out or burn the letter out of anger.
I looked up from the last sheet of paper only to see my own father sitting across the room, staring at me.  He was in the wheelchair he’d been in for the last five years, after a car wreck took the use of his legs.  Of course, he was high on drugs at the time, so the wreck was his own fault.
My father…  Well, what can I say, other than he’s useless to the human race.  Matthew John Baker was the worst example of a husband, father, and man that any child could bear to witness; much less live with.  He was a drunk, a drug addict, a wife beater, and it was highly speculated that he’d once murdered a man for an ounce of cocaine.
Definitely not the kind of husband and father that any wife or child deserves.
My mother divorced him after fifteen years of marriage.  She’d tolerated his abuse toward her for years.  It wasn’t until he threatened to kill my older sister, Jesika, that Mom divorced him.  She took us away to live with Adele for a few months, and cut him out of our lives completely.
Anger won out on the competition between tears and fire.
I jumped from the bench and stomped toward him.  “What the hell are you doing here?” I growled, taking large strides across the room.  Each fall of my foot thumped against the carpeted floor with the power of a jock running out on the ball field.  “You have no right to be here!”  My finger stabbing the air between us.
The wrinkled, crippled old man in front of me sneered with an expression of amusement and accomplishment.  He’d only come to get at me, and he thought he’d accomplished just that.  Little did he know that I’d get the better on him when it was his turn to lay lifeless in a coffin.
“Why Lizabeth May, is that any way to speak to your father?  Still haven’t learned respect for your elders?  Too bad your bitch of a mother ran off with you, or I would’ve taught you real respect.”  He winked, punching one fist into the palm of his other hand.
I could take his attitude, his painful words, even his insinuation that he wished he’d been able to beat me as a child.  But I flat out, utterly despised him calling my mother a bitch!
“Listen here old man,” I snarled, leaning down to get right in his face and gripping his wheelchair with both hands.  “You’re only alive because I won’t go to jail for the likes of you.  You are a worthless piece of shit.  I hope that you’ve enjoyed life because your rotten soul will burn in hell for all eternity.”  His sneer quickly disappeared.
“So you’ve read the letter from Adele?” he asked, trying to disguise his nervousness and direct my attention elsewhere.
“That’s none of your business, you bastard.  But yes, I know everything.  Everything you’ve done.  Everything Adele did.  And all the pain you caused my mother and sister.”
The corner of his mouth twitched and his eyes shifted from mine.  Maybe he was trying to figure out what to say, or maybe he was afraid I’d kill him right then and there.  I’d never know, nor did I really care.
Rick came back into the room, Coke in hand.  “Liz…” he said before realizing just who I was talking to.
He came over to my side, standing just behind me.  “Mr. Baker,” greeting the devil in human form.  “Liz, Mr. Conrad is ready whenever you are.”
“Yes,” I said through gritted teeth, “I’ll be right there.”
“Mr. Baker,” he said again, walking back out of the room with his Coke still in hand.  Rick knew not to get into this.  He’d known what Matthew was like, and my hatred for him, from the day we met.  Matthew had been stoned, corned me at school, and demanded to know if I was whoring myself out to Rick.  We were fourteen at the time.
Still bearing down on the man childhood nightmares are made of, I spat, “You have absolutely no right to be here.  You should have never come.  You need to leave right now.”
“And what if I don’t,” he interrupted, defiance in his voice, yet terror in his eyes.
“Then I’ll make sure you leave in a body bag.  Well, I guess you wouldn’t really need to leave then.  Now would you?” I threw at him in a low growl, with a glance around the funeral home, and a wave of my hand to make my point.
I rose from his chair, giving it a little push backward as I did and heard it thump against the wall behind him.  “I assume you understand what I’m telling you.  You’re sort of a specialist in all things threatening and abusive, so you should understand.”
He didn’t bother to confirm my assumption, but he did start wheeling toward the exit as soon as I turned my back on him.  I looked back when the door open.  He paused to say one last thing.  “You’ll have questions one day, and I won’t be around to answer them.  When that day comes just remember this.  No one can save you from yourself, Lizabeth May Baker!”
My blood boiled at the thought of ever needing anything from that man.  I hadn’t needed anything from him ever, and never would.  I took a dash at him, but he hurried out the door just as Nancy walked in.
“Everything okay in here, Liz?” apprehension coating her lovely features like a bad makeup job.
“Yeah, everything’s okay…” I paused, still looking at the door he’d left through, “now.”
Nancy came over, gently looping her arm around my shoulders.  “Are you reading to go talk to Jim now?”  I nodded and we stepped toward the door leading back to the private office.  Then I remembered and went back to scoop up the pages from Adele.  I’d probably want to read them many times over before understanding everything in them.  Plus, this wasn’t the sort of information you wanted just anyone to know about.
“Yes, let’s go now,” I affirmed, folding the letter and placing it gently back inside the envelope.
A moment later we were all again seated at the conference table, in the same order as before.  Rick didn’t really know what was going on, so he just sat there as quietly as before.  It seemed that Nancy knew everything, as did all of the lawyers sitting across from us.  I was the only person who’d just come into some very important information about herself, and Adele.  It was all old news for everyone else involved.
“I assume that you read the letter,” Jim started as we settled into our chairs.  I nodded, biting my lip like I always do in uncomfortable situations.  “Well, let me start off by saying I’m truly sorry for your and Nancy’s loss.  I’m also sorry that you had to find out about all this in a manner that’s, well let’s just say, less than ideal.”
“Less than ideal?” I scoffed.  “This is even more than that.  This is downright…” I couldn’t think of a more appropriate word than, “shit!”
Jim smirked, nodded his head, and said, “Yes, well, I guess you’re right.  It is a shitty way to find out something so life changing.  I hope that you’ll be understanding once the shock has worn off.  Until then, let me just say that Adele thought that you’d be able to handle this information, or she would’ve taken it with her to the grave.”
The man to Jim’s left nodded and stated, “Mrs. Brickman seemed like a sensible woman, except for her drinking habit, but she was a very smart woman.  She wanted everything to go to you.  She said that you’d need it all and would especially have a key requirement for it the land in Atlanta.
“What the fuck do I need property in Atlanta for?  I hate going to Atlanta.  It’s too damn crowded, and the people drive like maniacs.  I’d never live there.”
Dana, the one who was a smart ass earlier, spoke up now.  “Mrs. Brickman said that you’d need it at a later date.  And even if you took nothing else, you had to have the property.  It’s already in your name.  You don’t even need to pay property taxes because she set up an account specifically with enough money to cover that for fifty years.”
“She had that kind of money?” I asked, shocked.
Jim looked at me with pity in his eyes, “Oh honey,” he said in his thick southern accent, “she had a lot more money than that.”  He paused, glancing at Nancy.  She nodded in response to some unspoken question.  He turned his focus back to me and stated somberly, “Now you’re the one with all of it.”
Nancy interjected, “Actually, you have more than just money and property.”  I stared at her, not understanding.  “You have knowledge and power, my dear.”  She smiled like it was supposed to mean something to me.  
I’m not a “power” person.  I left the world of power behind when I left my position in online business.  Yes, I’m the owner of Athena’s, but I don’t consider myself powerful.  I work there just like my employees do.  I’m down in the trenches with them, and wouldn’t trade that for all the money and power in the world.  I’m a simple girl.
“So, now that you’ve read the letter, are you ready to sign the papers?” Jim questioned, placing a warm, soft hand over mine.
Jim must have sensed my apprehension because he smiled brightly--baring his beautiful, straight, white teeth.  “Don’t worry, my dear.  I’m now you’re lawyer as well.  I’ll be handling everything just as I did for Adele.”  He looked at his colleagues, “Actually, we were all Adele’s lawyers in life, so we’re yours now.”  He paused.  “Oh, unless you want another lawyer, or have one of your own already.”
“Yes, no, okay,” I stuttered.  “I mean, yes, you can be my lawyer.  If Adele trusted you, and Nancy recommends you, I guess I can too.
Nancy raised her eyebrows, “Does that mean you’ll take it?”  I nodded compliantly.
“Great!” Jim shouted, clapping his hands together loudly.
For the next hour, the eight of us stayed right in that office.  Papers were passed around to be read, explained, and ultimately signed on the dotted line.  There were multiple duplicates of everything.  I got a copy, Nancy got a copy, and the law firm of Conrad, Oscar, and Finley got three copies.
When it was all over I had a stack of papers almost two inches thick, most with my signature on them.  I was the client of a prestigious law firm now.  I was not only the owner of a bar-slash-nightclub, but I was also the owner of a small mansion in Atlanta, accompanied by thirty-two acres of prime land, a small jet, numerous businesses, and the icing on the cake… twenty-three and a half million dollars.

CHAPTER 12




Apparently Adele’s late husband, whom I never even knew existed, had been quite the wealthy business man in his day.  Adele lived in a small one bedroom apartment in the middle of Tremmel Crossing, instead of the lap of luxury because she wanted to punish herself.  Hell, I don’t care how much punishment you think you need, not using money like that should be a sin!
When all of the paper signing was over, we headed for the door.  Jim’s colleagues were out the door faster than a pack of hyenas after an antelope carcass.  Nancy went out after them.  Rick hung back with me as I gathered up the stack of papers.  Jim was shoving his own stack into a briefcase--probably to be sorted and filed by some unlucky assistant back at the firm.
“I hope that you’ll call me if you need to, Ms. Baker,” Jim said softly as he pushed the last of his supplies into the case.  “Take this, it’s my private line.”  He shoved a small, white business card with his name and phone number into my palm.  It didn’t say anything about him being a lawyer or the name of his firm, so I assumed his statement was correct about it being his private line.
He came around the table, placed a gentle hand on my arm, and smile kindly.  “I’m always available for you; anytime, day or night.”  I nodded, forcing a small smile for his sake.  Then he shook Rick’s hand and left.
Rick took the papers from me and led the way out of the funeral home.  The crowd outside had all but disappeared and the lot was full of empty parking spaces now.  
Though no one was there now, I could still smell the rank stench of cigarettes swirling around me like dust in a windstorm.  It invaded my nostrils with the ferociousness of spoiled milk.  It soaked into the fibers of my dress and penetrated each strand of my hair.  This dress will have to be washed quickly, I thought, longing for a hot bath and some good smelling body lotion.
“Here you go,” Rick startled me from the stench, holding the door of his truck open for me to climb in.  He held out a hand to help me inside, then closed the door behind me.
I watched a little bird standing on the hood of the truck.  It hopped around, chirping and twitching its little head in one direction, then the other.  It was a lovely shade of blue, though not one I recalled ever seeing before.  It seemed to match the color of the sky today.
It is a beautiful day, I thought.  The sky was blue, the temperature wasn’t outrageously unbearable, and the world looked bright and happy all around me.  I hope Adele is enjoying a day like this, wherever she is.
The bird flew away when Rick hopped in.  He tugged at the noose around his neck.  “I hate these things.”
“Yeah, I know,” I responded, absently.
“Where to?” he asked, looking at me curiously.
“Take me home so I can change out of this,” motioning to the dress that would now need to be aired out, or thrown away.  “Then we’ll head on over to Athena’s,” I reminded him.
“You’re still going in?  Even after all you just went through?  I still don’t know what happened and I’m anxious for you.”
“I’ll explain it later, but right now I just need to get my mind off of it all.  I need to be around my friends, my work, and the people I actually like being around.”  I held tightly to the stack of papers in my lap.  “I just need to keep busy right now,” I sighed.
Within thirty minutes I was walking into the bar and being stared at by the patrons and my employees alike.
“What?” I shouted, holding out my hands.  No one moved.  “Shouldn’t you guys be working?” I growled Susan‘s direction.  With a blink, everyone went back to what they were doing.
I went behind the bar, donned an apron, and started mixing a screwdriver.  No one had ordered it; I just needed something with a little kick in my system right now.  Without saying a word, Susan handed me a spoon to stir the mixture with, and then I downed it in one long gulp.
“You look good,” said a voice behind me.  I spun around, almost choking on the last bit of orange juice and vodka, and found Chad staring at me.
“Thanks,” I coughed, wiping my mouth with the back of my hand.
“How are the ribs?” he questioned, his face smooth and emotionless.  He was in cop-mode and it made me a touch nervous.
“Still tender, but I think they’re healing okay.  Just don’t squeeze me,” I lied, throwing in a chuckle for appearances.
“Yeah, she’s an amazing healer!” Rick chimed in, a little too chipper.
Chad stood there staring at me for another minute.  I raised an eyebrow and tried to sound all bossy, “Shouldn’t you be playing bouncer?”  He gave a quick nod and went back to his post by the door.
The afternoon went smoothly at the bar.  We had all regulars, so the drinks were pretty routine.  Susan brought me the inventory paperwork to sign off on.  My newest waitress, Misty, came in an hour late.  She probably wouldn’t be my newest waitress for long.
I kept Rick busy in the back with double checking all of the inventory count that Susan had done the day before.  He’d bring out a case of something from time to time, if I needed him to.  I could have just sent him home, but I wanted (wanted, needed, what’s the difference?) him close.
Dinnertime rolled around and more people started showing up.  It may have been a Monday, but there is always a stream of people in the evenings.  The bar doesn’t even open until two in the afternoon, so the evenings--after everyone gets off work--are the busiest time of day.
It wasn’t until darkness fell that things got kind of stressful for me.  
I have this thing about people respecting me and my property.  That includes the furnishings in my bar.  I also have a thing about not liking to have trashy, disrespectful people in my bar.  And today just wasn’t the day to push me.
Sure, there are the drunks that get rowdy from time to time, and that’s why Chad’s here.  He’s always happy to show you where the door is located, before allowing you to discover just how hard the pavement outside the door is.  However, if you’re just some trashy redneck who has nothing better to do than piss me off, then you’re absolutely not welcome here.
Maybe I’m a snob, or maybe I’m just not as tolerant of some people as I should be.
Either way, when I spotted a guy pressed up against a slutty girl, who had her ass plopped upon the side of one of my expensive pool tables… well, I kind of lost it.
“Get your ass off my table!” I shouted, coming from around the bar with long, forceful strides across the room.
The guy startled and jumped back from the girl, ready to rumble.  However, when he saw that it was me speaking, he cowered away and backed into a corner with his buddies.  The girl slid down the side of the table, with her blue jean skirt hiked nearly up to her hips.  Everyone in the room watched with interest.
God, I hope she’s wearing underwear.
“And who do you think you are?” she spat at me, a look of arrogance, or maybe pure stupidity, on her face.  “You don’t tell me what to do!  This is a public place!” she shouted, her words slurring and her head wagging at me.  I contemplated knocking that wagging head right off her fucking shoulders.
As soon as the words left her mouth, everyone in the bar had taken a step back in preparation for what everyone assumed would happen next.  And I probably would have whooped her ass if I’d been in a really bad mood, instead of just annoyed.
I stepped close enough to the much shorter woman to smell that several mugs of beer encompassing her entire body.  I towered over her in both height and sensibilities, as she looked up into my face with hazy, unfocused eyes.
“I’m the owner of this business,” I growled.  “I’m the person about to kick your ass all the way out the door.”  The guy who’d been sucking face with her stepped forward, but after a sharp glare from me he stumbled back into his appropriate location without any further interjections.
The bitch in front of me pointed her finger at me and opened her mouth to speak.  However, her words turned into howls as I snatched the offending finger, bending it backwards to the point of breakage.  She went down on her knees, and I squatted to follow.
“Don’t ever point your finger at me,” I stated in a calm, cool voice.  “You’re a whore and you’re not welcome in my bar again.  I don’t want to ever see your nasty ass sliding across my pool tables again.  And just so you know, your buddy there,” I glanced at her guy and her eyes followed, “is in here every week with a new slut.  You’re just this week’s entrée.  This week’s case of the crabs, per say.”
I paused to see if I was getting through to her drunken brain.  Her eyes shot daggers at her date, still cowering in the corner.
“And if I ever see you in my establishment again, I’ll have Chad over there,” he winked at her when I said his name, “introduce you to one of his cop buddies.  Then we’ll see if they can find you a nice place to sit.”
I wasn’t usually this involved in these matters.  I just point at offenders and Chap will bounce them right out with a warning to not bother coming back if they can’t act appropriately.  However, tonight this woman just rubbed me the wrong way, and she was paying for my out of character mood.
“Do I make myself clear?” I demanded to know.  She quickly nodded her head, tears streaming down her overly made-up face.  I released her finger and she fell to the floor, clutching her hand.
Her friend shifted nervously amongst his buddies.  However, they parted like the Red Sea when I stepped toward them.  “I suggest you take this week’s catch and get out of here.”  He didn’t have to be told again.  He pulled her up off the floor, rushed past Chad, and out the door.
All eyes in the bar were burning holes in me.  I swung around and shouted, “You all know me.  You know that I have rules, and I expect them to be followed so that everyone has a nice time while here at Athena’s.  You also know that I’m one of the most lenient bar owners around… as long as you follow the rules.”  I pointed at the very prominently posted list of rules hanging on a nearby wall.  I’d had them carved into a wooden plank years ago.
The crowd moved like a wave building momentum as heads nodded and chatter buzzed with, “Uh-huh, Yep, That’s Right.”
“Now go on and have a good time!  And one round of drinks on the house for everyone!”
The crowded cheered and clapped as I walked back toward the bar.  Susan started the jukebox.  I couldn’t help but laugh and shake my head when Christina Aguliera started singing about being a super bitch.  The crowd quickly returned to their drinks, conversation, and pool games.
“Whoa, that was intense,” Susan commented as I stepped behind the bar.
“Yeah, I guess so.  But sometimes you just gotta show ‘em who’s boss.  And we all know that’s me!” I shouted, with a sneaky grin that made Susan giggled.
“All hail, Liz!  Queen of the bar and ruler of drinks!” she shouted.  I hit her on the arm with a towel and went to work mixing a Tom Collins.
The next few hours went smoothly.  No one got rowdy, no one had to be removed, and my tip jar was filling up very nicely.  Some even commented on the “show” before leaving the bar with a wave.
I had a few moments of sorrow when I found myself staring at the bar stool that Adele always sat at.  I kept looking toward the door in anticipation of her arrival, and then having to remind myself that she was gone.  Then I thought of Nurse Cathy, and wondered if their killers were one and the same.  Those thoughts led me around to Marcus.  Surely he couldn’t be the killer.  And why not? my mind questioned.
The later it got, the smaller the crowd.  It was a work night, after all.  I always close the bar at midnight on weeknights, so I sent the staff off to clean up when eleven o’clock rolled around.  
I was standing behind the bar, drying glasses, when the door opened.  I looked up and noticed that Chad was still sitting on his stool, not moving at all.  I couldn’t tell who had come in because of the dimness of the lights around the door.
“Hello, welcome to Athena’s.  We’re just closing up, so make it quick,” I told the figure.
Then he was standing in front of me on the other side of the bar.  A calm washed over my body.  My mind felt soothed, relieved, safe, happy.  An electrical tingle flowed from my head down to my toes.
Marcus Vroc had arrived!

CHAPTER 13




He wore regular clothes that night--nothing fancy or showy.  A pair of black slacks framed his behind quite nicely, and the white dress shirt made his complexion look even lighter.  It was an outfit you'd see worn anytime of the year, on men that didn't work in a dirty, sweat-inducing profession.  Marcus had the sleeves of the shirt rolled up to his elbows and the front was unbuttoned at the top; allowing for an enticing glimpse of his well-toned chest.
He stood there--across from me on the customer side of the bar--staring into my eyes.  Not a hint of sound came from him.  No movement twitched over his body.  He was as frozen as a marble statue, which seemed appropriate since he was as white as one.
His presence paralyzed me.  I don't know if it was mind control on his part, or insecurities on my part, but I couldn't move under his stone-still gaze.  Sensuality, happiness, calm took over my body--like after a great massage.  I didn't want to move for fear of ruining the moment, the feelings my body was enjoying, but my mind was shouting obscenities at me.
You're being a dumb bitch, again!  Can't you tell he's dangerous?  He doing something to you!  You're a fucking idiot!
I couldn't break free from the paralysis that held my body tightly.  Tears began to well up in my eyes because I couldn't force them to blink.  I could still think my own thoughts, just couldn't put them into action.  His hold over me was purely physical.
I heard the squeak of the backroom door opening.  Someone was coming to help me!
"Liz, do you need--” Susan stopped abruptly.  "Oh, sorry," she muttered.  When I didn't turn my head in her direction to acknowledge her presence, she must have known something was wrong.  "Um, is everything okay in here?" she cautiously questioned.
My mind shouted, NO!  Everything is not okay!  Can't you see I'm a fucked up stupid bitch who has no control over her own body?  But my mouth said, "Yeah, everything's fine.  You can go on home if you want.  I'll finish cleaning up."
"You sure?" Susan asked, stepping a little closer to me with each word.  My head nodded--though I wasn't controlling it--and Susan slowly turned, with a sideways glance at me, and returned to the backroom.
My eyes never left Marcus's during the exchange with Susan.  He didn't show any sign that he'd even known Susan had come into the room.  I knew he did though, when an eerie smile slid across his mouth after she left the room.
At this range I was finally able to get a good look at Marcus's eyes.  Tonight they weren't shaded by darkness, a freak tornado, or even the lust of fantastic sex.  Tonight I could see that they were a harsh shade of ice blue.  They were so blue that they seemed unnatural and as cold as stone; pretty, but scary.
Marcus narrowed those blue eyes just for a second and then winked at me.  When he then snapped the fingers on his right hand together I felt an instant and complete release of my body.  All of me felt strained and jelly-like.  I grabbed the bar to steady myself as my knees buckled and headed for the floor.  A heavy sigh escaped my throat, as if I'd been holding my breath the entire time.
I scanned the bar.  Chad was still frozen on the stool by the door and Chad and Susan were still in the backroom, as far as I knew.  Hopefully they'd stay in there until Marcus left.
"Good evening, my dear," Marcus said in a sing-song voice of someone happily oblivious to the evils of the world.  He bowed gracefully, though his eyes never left mine.  "Would you like to go out with me tonight?" he asked while rising back up to his full height.
Go out!  What the hell?
If took a moment to find my voice.  I cleared my throat and coughed a little.  There was a bottled water on the bar, so I opened it and gulped half of the water down.  My throat felt dry and itchy when I swallowed a mouthful.  I knew I wasn't getting sick, so this had to be a side effect from Marcus's ventriloquist act--with me as his dummy!
"You want me to--"  I coughed again, unable to control the itchiness in my throat.  "Um, you want me to go out with you?  Why would I do that after this little scene?"  I pointed to the ceiling and waved my fingers around.  "You can't be serious."
"But my dear Liz, I'm completely serious.” he cooed, gently stepping closer to the bar that kept us separated.
“No,” I shook my head, “I don’t think I will go out with you tonight.”  I picked up the nearby towel and went to wiping down the shelving unit that housed the numerous bottles of alcohol behind me.  The shelves were mirrored, so I could still see him clear enough.  However, I hoped the mirrors would dilute his ability to control my body.  “Nope, I think not.”
Then the door to the backroom squeaked open abruptly, forceful, and demanding.  It swung open so hard that it smacks the side wall with a *thud* that reverberated through the entire room.
“What’s going on in here?” Rick demanded to know.  “Susan’s back there all upset about something.”  He was focused on me, but then Marcus caught his attention.
Rick’s feathers ruffled when he saw the other man in the bar.  Marcus was quite handsome, and even though Rick was adorably cute in his own right, he still gets that caveman “she’s my woman” glare about him when another man is around.
“It’s nothing, Rick,” I said, still facing the shelves and wiping in circles at invisible dirt.  “Marcus,” I pointed back over my shoulder, “was just leaving.”
“Good, cause we need to--”
“Actually, I’m not leaving until Liz agrees to go out with me,” Marcus interrupted.  His face as serious as a heart attack.  He had no intentions of leaving, and I have no intentions of going.  As great as the sex was, I wasn’t ready to give over bodily function control to anyone.
I looked at Rick and his eyes went from me to Marcus.  He stepped closer to the bar and reached out his hand to Marcus.  “I don’t think we’ve ever met.  I’m Rick, and you are?”
Marcus ignored Rick’s hand and stared solemnly at me through the mirror.  I turned back around, clinging to the moist towel with both hands.  Rick dropped his outstretched hand when he realized Marcus would not be shaking it.
“I don’t know if you’ve heard, but Liz was in a car accident the other night, and she shouldn’t be going out for a while.  Hell, she shouldn’t even be here,” Rick scoffed with a look over his shoulder at me.  “So it’s probably best that you two reschedule your date--is it a date?--until another evening.”
I didn’t know what to say.  Normally if Rick had pulled that shit with a normal guy I would’ve thrown a gigantic hissy fit and most likely cussed him out right then and there.  However, right now I wanted him to play the caveman card to protect my honor (what little bit of honor I had left anyway) and make Marcus leave.
I stepped closer to Rick, though staying back away from the bar.  My right hand circled around Rick’s left bicep.  His right hand reached up and patted mine.  He looked at me and smiled before turning back to Marcus.
Marcus, who’d been so serious and determined, suddenly smiled brightly.  His body hadn’t moved more than to speak and snap his fingers, but now he raised his hands and shrugged.  “Aw well, I guess that should matter to me, but it really doesn’t.  I intend on the two of us going out, and that‘s exactly what will happen.”
Rick jumped toward the bar, reaching toward Marcus’s shirt.  I’d seen both him and Chad do the same to rowdy customers that they were throwing out the door.  I knew what Rick was thinking, but neither of us knew what Marcus would do next.
Then it happened.  With a snarl and the snap of his fingers, Marcus froze Rick in mid-grasp.  Rick’s fingers stopped only centimeters from Marcus’s shirt.  His upper body lingered over the bar, with one foot on the floor and the other slightly raised, enabling him to reach further.  His body didn’t move.
Terrified, I grabbed his arm and pulled back, but he didn’t twitch.  “Rick!”  He looked at me from the corners of his eyes.  They were the only body part that could move.  “Oh, Rick,” I cried.
That was it.  I wasn’t playing this game.  I stomped fiercely around the bar--Marcus turned and followed my movement with his eyes--and right up into his face.  I used both hands and shoved against his chest as hard as I could.  He took a single step back, but only because he chose to, not because my attack had enough force behind it to unwillingly move him.
“Let him go!” I screamed.  “You have no right coming in here, trying to force me to go out with you!  Who do you think you are?”  I waited no more than one second and remembered, “And what the hell is all this paralyzing people shit?  There was no reason for that!  Especially after last night…”
His face softened.  He reached up and rubbed the side of my face with the back of his unnaturally cold hand.  “My dear Liz.  All of this will end when you say yes.”  He smiled with the delight of a child on Christmas morning when he continued, “I have something to show you!  We need to talk, I want to get to know you better before—” He stopped suddenly.
“Before what?” 
“Oh, it doesn’t matter.”  He looked at Rick, and back to me.  “All you have to do is agree.”
Rick’s shifting eyes conveyed a fear that I’d never seen before.  He was scared, and I was the one in control of that fear.  Okay, fine then.
“Yes, okay.”
“Fabulous!” Marcus clapped his hands and Rick feel face first onto the bar.
A wind came up around us and all I heard was Rick’s shouts getting further and further away.

CHAPTER 14




A roar sounded inside my head so loudly that I thought it might explode.  Both hands went to my head and I screamed.  At least Rick told me I screamed; I couldn’t hear anything except that roar.
The pain was intense to the point that I would have preferred a hatchet to the head than the noise inside of it.  I opened my eyes and saw Rick hovering above me.  His mouth was moving, though I heard nothing but the roaring inside my head.  Rick shouted something to Susan and she snatched up the phone on the bar.
“No!” I shouted, trying to unsuccessfully hear myself over the noise.  Fear and disbelief were written all over their faces as they looked at me.  Though I had no idea how I’d gotten back in the bar, why I was on the floor, or what the horrible roaring inside my head was, I did know that an ambulance and questions from the police were unwanted.
I shook my hand and pointed at Susan.  They both understood what I was trying to say, but Rick didn’t like the idea of not calling 911.  He started talking at me again, but I still couldn’t hear him.
“Can’t hear you!  Too much noise!  Don’t call!” I shouted, or at least hoped I was shouting, at them.  My head pounded.  I pressed my hands even harder to my ears.  The pain eased with the pressure, but the sound didn’t stop.
I managed to pull myself off the floor, with Rick’s assistance, and grabbed a nearby whiskey bottle.  For a second I thought about smashing it against my head for some relief.  But then decided that consumption might work better, and result in less blood loss.  Rick sat me at a nearby table and Susan joined me as I drank down the whiskey… gulp, breath, gulp, breath.
After that bottle of whiskey settled into my bloodstream I started feeling much better.  The roaring was now a low hum.  Well actually, my entire body was humming from the alcohol, and I no longer felt the need to bash my head open.
“What the fuck was that?” Rick shouted at me.  “Who was that man?”  I looked around the room, but Marcus was nowhere to be seen.  “Don’t bother!  He’s gone!” Rick bellowed.
Susan patted my forehead with a wet cloth.  “Oh Liz, what have you gotten yourself into?” she cried.
“What?  I haven’t done… anything,” I denied, speaking slowly and slurring a little from the alcohol.
“Damn it, Liz!” Rick shouted, making me flinch.  He paced in front of where Susan and I were seated.  “I know something’s going on here!”  He stopped in front of me, towering over me, pounding his fists on the table.  “Who was that mother fucker?” he snarled in a demanding, possessive fashion. 
Susan’s eyes were filled with sympathy and concern when she said, “We love you, Liz.  And we’re worried about you.  Things haven’t been right since the accident.  Please, tell us what’s going on.”
I wondered if I should tell them the truth.  My mouth opened, but nothing came out.  Tell them, you idiot!  Tell them how fucked up this has gotten!
“You know the other night how I said someone was watching us out at Foster’s?” I began.  Rick nodded, Susan blushed (she knew what we did at Foster’s).  “Well, that man was the one who’d been watching us.”
“What?  I’ll kill the bastard!” Rick shouted, stomping around and snorting like a pissed off bull.
“Wait.  There’s more.”
For the next half hour I told them everything.  About the car wreck, the dream, the healed ribs, the bite on the neck.  I even, carefully (without making eye contact with Rick), told them about the night Marcus came to the house and the sex we’d had.
“Oh my,” was all Susan could say.  
Rick, on the other hand, was pissed.
“I’m sorry,” I cried, tears streaming down my face.  “I didn’t mean for this to happen.  I didn’t even know what was happening.  He has some sort of control over me.  When he’s around I can’t think straight.”
Susan pulled me over to her, petting and stroking my hair as I cried.
“He’s a vampire, Liz!  He’ll kill you in the end!  You’re just a plaything!” Rick yelled at me.  “Hell, you saw what he did to me and I haven’t fucked him!”  He was so angry, hurt, disappointed that I was ashamed to even look at him.
“Don’t you think I know that?” I shouted back.
“I don’t think you know anything!” he screamed, throwing a nearby wine glass across the room.  It crash against a wall and a million little pieces showered the floor below.
Susan went off to get a broom, like the great employee (and friend) that she is.  Rick threw himself down on his knees in front of me.  He grabbed my hands in his.  They were cold and clammy, but tight and strong against my own.
“Liz,” he started, stifling the anger in his voice as much as he could.  “I love you.  You know that, right?”  I nodded.  Everyone in the county knew that.  “I’m afraid for you.  You’ve gotten yourself into something that is beyond our understanding.”
The stream of tears running down my face increased with each word he spoke.
“You need to leave that monster alone.  He’s probably the one who killed Nurse Cathy… and Adele!”  
I hadn’t thought of that.  Between his mind control and the sex, I really hadn’t been able to think about much at all.  But Rick was right, he could very well be the murderer.  The deaths hadn’t happened until after he’d noticed me at the cemetery.
“And didn’t you say you’d seen someone run across the road when we crash into the tree?  Moments after you‘d spotted him in the cemetery?” he questioned.
Son of a bitch! 
I nodded.  My common sense told me that Rick was right.  Marcus was responsible for everything.  He was a monster with a control over me I didn’t like.  However, the control he had over me caused my body to retaliate against all common sense.  My body longed for him, ached for him.  Even now, with a bottle of Jack Daniels in my system, my body still yearned for him.  I wasn’t afraid.  I knew I should be, but I wasn’t.
God, how could you be so stupid?  Was I simply ignorant, or had he done something to leave me unafraid of him?
“No, you’re not stupid,” Rick exclaimed.  Had I said that out loud?  “It’s written all over your face.  Remember that I’ve known you for sixteen years.  I know your looks.” he grinned slightly and winked, which made me feel a little better… but not by much.
Just then, Chad walked up and scared me half to death.  A murderous monster doesn’t scare you, but Chad does?  I’d forgotten he was still here.  My heart tried to pound its way out of my chest.  I gasped and Rick jumped up with fists ready for a fight.
“What happened?” he asked, rubbing his head in a state of confusion.  “Why am I still here?”  It was already one o’clock in the morning and he should have left an hour before.
Rick released his fists and relaxed a tiny bit.  Rick pulled up a chair next to me and motioned for Chad to sit.  “Chad, if we tell you what’s going on, you have to promise not to say anything, and I mean absolutely anything, to a single one of your cop buddies,” Rick declared.
Chad took the seat next to me and looked from me to Rick.  Susan came back with the broom and began sweeping up the glass.  Chad assessed the three of us and finally, reluctantly, nodded in agreement.
For the next two hours--with all the doors in the place locked securely--the four of us discussed what had happened.  Chad seemed very easily convinced of the situation after him being hypnotized, and frozen, to the bar stool.  The men fought back and forth about alerting the authorities, but ultimately agreed that it would be pointless trying to convince anyone that there was a real, true vampire in Tremmel Crossing.
Nothing was being solved though.  No one knew what we should do, or how to keep Marcus away from me.
“Why don’t we see if there’s any information on him?” Susan suggested.
“How would you propose we do that?  Just go up and ask him for his biography?” Rick smarted off.
Susan sneered her disapproval.  “Well, actually smartaleck, I’d suggest using the internet.  My laptop’s in the backroom.”
Rick seemed a bit flabbergasted by her response, but Chad chuckled and went off to get her laptop.  Susan looked quite smug as she sat it on the table in front of us and booted it up.  It felt like forever before that stupid computer finally chimed that it was ready to work.
“Hmm, Marcus Vroc,” she started, scanning the Google results she’d gotten.  “Looks like Marcus Vroc was a sixteenth century Slovenian Count.”  She paused to read more.  “Says here on Wikipedia that he was just as bad as Count Dracula.  Killing people and conquering villages left and right, taking whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted it.”
“Sounds like one nasty guy, Liz,” Chad commented with a raised eyebrow.
I couldn’t stand the thought that I’d been so utterly intimate with someone so vile, so terrible, so murderous, so…  Yet, shockingly to everyone around me, I defended him.  “That can’t be the same guy.  It doesn’t say anything about him being a vampire, or drinking blood.  It just can’t be.”  
You’re dumber than I thought you were! my mind rudely shouted.
A strangled smile fell upon Susan’s face.  “Sweetie, you know that’s not right.  It’s not like there were very detailed records kept back then, and Wikipedia isn’t all that reliable, but people tend to remember murderous conquering terrorists fairly accurately… even after five hundred years.”  I could tell that she was having a difficult time controlling the urge to smack me upside the head.
“Let me see,” I said, sliding the laptop over in front me.  I must have read web site after web site, all with the exact same information.  The total count on lives lost at the hands of Marcus Vroc ranged between three thousand and three hundred thousand.  However, that was the only discrepancy in the details between each web site of information.
I got up from the table, walked a few steps.  I couldn’t think.  The roaring turned humming was finally gone, but my mind was as thick as mud.  I knew it had to be true, but didn’t want to know that it was true.
“I know,” I shouted as the thought hit me.  “I’ll just ask him!  I’ll wait until he comes to me and just ask him about all of this.”
The three people in front of me looked at me like I’d lost my complete and utter mind.  Eyes grew wide, mouths dropped open, confusion, anger, and reluctance flashed across their faces.
“Are you fucking insane?” Chad asked.  Well, I thought it was a good idea.  “We don’t even know what happened to you a little while ago when you couldn’t hear.”
Rick stood up, turned his back on me to address the other two, and declared, “No, the only thing we can do is kill this bastard, before he kills someone else.”

CHAPTER 15




We called it a night soon after Rick’s idea of murder was passed around the room.  I tired of it all and asked him to drive me home.  Susan and Chad stayed behind to lock up the bar and hang a sign stating that we’d be closed Tuesday night.  Something had to be done, and done soon.  Though I had no idea what that something was.
“I’ll sleep on the couch if you’d prefer,” Rick offered.  “I don’t want you to be alone tonight,” he said, grabbing a blanket and pillow from the hall linen closet.
“Okay,” I said in passing, on my way to my bedroom, stripping off clothes as I made my way through the house.  “Make sure to lock the doors before you settle down.”  He nodded and I closed my bedroom door behind me.
A twinge of guilt ate at my heart.  He loved me greatly; so much so that he offered to sleep on the couch, and he never does that.  It’s always a given that he’ll sleep in my bed when he’s here.  That’s not to say that we’ll always be having sex in my bed, but I’ve never made him sleep on the couch nonetheless.
I stood against the door in my underwear, listening to see if he’d just go to sleep, or what.  Sounds from the television wafted down the hallway.  He liked falling asleep to noise; television or radio, it didn’t matter to him.
I was inclined to open the door and drag him into my bed.  Instead I sighed and headed to the bathroom to take a shower.
It was another clear night outside the bathroom window.  The full moon filled the entire bathroom in a blanket of blue light.  I thought how lovely it would be to bathe under the moonlight.  Maybe I’ll find a deserted lake one day to try it out.
The blue illuminating moonlight disappeared under the power of electrical overhead lights.  I still had to shower.
The Sapphire Blue nail polish on my fingertips was already riddled with chips and gouges.  I’m too tired for a new color tonight, I thought, tossing aside the idea of pulling the polish remover from the medicine cabinet.  It was two in the morning, after all.
I pulled off my black size double-d bra and matching panties, tossed them in the laundry hamper, and stood there in front of the mirror.  “This is becoming an everyday occurrence,” I muttered to the reflection in the mirror.
I’d always considered myself a rather attractive woman.  I’m a good bit plumper than many women, but have always been well proportioned between hips and boobs; leaving a very nice hourglass curve between the two.  All of the guys I’ve dated never seemed to mind that the curves were larger than a runway model’s, and actually, they seemed to like them quite well.  Besides, with how tall I am, I’d look awfully sickly if I were skinnier.
The box of red hair color was still sitting on my counter, daring me to use it.  Maybe tomorrow.  I would use it, but only when I felt like it was the right time to change something about me as important as my hair.
I gave up the personal stare down.  There weren’t any answers coming from the mirror’s reflection.  I strode over to the shower, waited as the water warmed up a bit, and had stepped one foot inside when I heard my name being called.  My foot, sprinkled with water droplets, came back out of the tub as I wrapped a towel around my torso.
“Rick,” I called, stepping into the hallway.  He didn’t answer, so I continued into the living room.  Rick was curled up in the blanket, sound asleep on the couch to the sound of a Bewitched rerun on TV Land.  I turned the volume down a bit and returned to the bathroom.
I listened closely before stepping into the shower again.  There were no calls to me this time though.  No whispers of my name in the air.
The water was so hot that goose bumps popped up all over my body.  The heat felt good and right.  My flesh tingled and reddened under the heat of the falling water.  Once my body acclimated to one temperature level, I turned the knob a little more, bringing the heat even higher.
Scalding water rained down over my head, spraying into my face, following its own path down and over my bumpy body.  It flowed into every crease, washed down my legs, and left my toes before finding its way down the drain.  I grabbed the net pouf hanging from the neck of the showerhead above me and lathered it up with my newest favorite shower gel--apples and yogurt.  Sometimes I wonder if my skin eats better than I do; what with all of the fruits, milks, and butters in body products these days.
I was in the middle of rinsing shampoo from my hair with I heard it again.  “Liz!” the voice shouted.
“Rick, if that’s you, it’s not funny,” I shouted through the plastic shower curtain.  No answer.
I finished rinsing my hair out and hurriedly twisted it up into a towel.  After wrapping my robe around my dripping body, I turned off the lights and looked outside the window.  The moon still shone down upon us brightly; covering everything in a blue hue.
Nothing moved outside the window, nothing that I could see anyway.  Trees swayed in the breeze, but nothing else moved.
“Liz!” the voice shouted again.
I jumped and spun around, my eyes scanning every inch of the bathroom and adjoining bedroom.  I hurried to the bedside table and flicked on the lamp.  Tara stretched and yawned in the middle of my bed.  Nothing else moved in the room.
“Lizabeth Baker!” it shouted at me again.  It was all around me, surrounding me, yet I couldn’t find the speaker.
“Rick!” I screamed, running down the hallway to the living room.  I grabbed the blanket and hurled it away from him, but he wasn’t there! 
Panic ensued as I sprinted to the kitchen in hopes that he was in there.  Nope, it was deserted as well.  Back to the living room I ran.  I didn’t know what to do, or which way to turn.  I felt surrounded by an army, yet no one was here.  I’d been deserted.  I was all alone.
I looked out the front door and found Rick’s truck still parked in the driveway.  He had to be here somewhere.  He can’t just disappear, I thought.  But then again, with everything going on in my life, maybe he could magically disappear.
“Liz!”  The voice seemed to be less intense and lower in volume in the living room and kitchen than it was in the bathroom and bedroom.
I didn’t really want to know who was yelling for me, but how can you ignore such racket.  It didn’t sound like Marcus, though there was no discernible tone to it.  It didn’t sound male or female.  My heart was pounding so hard I thought it would explode as I walked back into my bedroom.  However, even with enough nervous energy to make me want to puke, nothing happened.
Just out of the blue, there was no more yelling of my name.  I grabbed the bedside phone and dialed Rick’s cell phone.  It rang once, twice, three times…
“Hey, you’ve reached Rick’s voice mail.  Apparently I’m busy, so just leave a message and I’ll see if I want to talk to you later.”  Ah, Rick, ever the gentleman!
When the beep sounded I shouted, “Where the fuck are you?  I’m sorry you were sleeping on the couch, but damn, that doesn’t mean you had to leave me here alone!  Call me when you get this message… not just when you feel like it!”  I slammed the phone back into its cradle and threw myself back on the bed.
“What the fuck is going on here?” I shouted with hands to the heavens (well, the bedroom ceiling anyway).
Tara jumped off the bed and pranced over to her cat house.  She seemed really uninterested in what my life involved.  As long as she gets fed, watered, and has an occasional belly rub she’s perfectly fine staying out of all human business.
Lying there, contemplating (read: pouting about) life, I caught a glimpse of the envelope that I’d been given at Adele’s funeral, peeking out the top of my purse.  I’d tossed the purse in a corner chair when Rick brought me home to change clothes before heading to Athena’s, and forgotten all about it after Marcus’s appearance.
I grabbed Adele’s letter and spread it out on the bed in front of me.  There were five pages, each handwritten by Adele herself.  Each page also contained a small stamp in the lower right-hand corner.  Looking closer, I realized that the stamp was actually the emblem for Conrad, Carson and Finley, with the handwritten initials of J. C. smack in the center of it.  Apparently Mr. Jim Conrad knew exactly what was said within these pages.
I skimmed the pages again, this time only focusing on the important, life-changing bits of information.  I looked at the clock; nope, probably shouldn’t call Nancy this early in the morning to ask just how much of this she knew about ahead of time.  More than likely, she’d known my parentage for years.  Why do people hide this stuff from the one person who should know about it?
I was just getting to the part that mentioned a demon sire when the phone rang.  
The caller I.D. listed Rick’s number, so I jabbed the answer button before the second ring ended.  “Hello?  Rick?  Where are you?”  There was no answer though.  Gusting wind on the other end made a weird squealing sound, and the distinct sound of sloshing water was hard to mistake for anything else.  “Rick?” I asked once more.  The phone went silent.
I looked at my phone, hung it up and then turned it back on to check for a dial tone.  It was fine.  I checked the caller I.D. again to make sure it was in fact Rick’s number, and that I hadn’t seen it because I wanted it to be Rick’s number.  Yes, it really was his number.  Then I called the local automated time and temp line to make sure my phone worked right.  “The current temperature in Tremmel Crossing is seventy-six degrees and it is now three-oh-four A.M.”  Yep, it was working.
I laid the phone back into its cradle, once again, and turned back to the pages in front of me.  Suddenly, Tara started hissing up a storm.  The bedroom door opened with a bang as a gale force wind came bursting into the room.  All of the pages went flying off the bed and around the room, like a tornado had picked them up.
Tornado?  Oh shit!
Marcus appeared at the end of the bed, tossing the broken, mangled pieces of Rick’s cell phone on my bed in front of me.  I picked the pieces up in a panic and moved them around in my hands, pieces falling through my fingers as my sense of security shattered right along with them.  
“What have you done to him?” I screamed loud enough to make my throat ache.
Marcus was angry.  His face was snarled up as ugly as a wolf on the attack.  He wore the same clothes from the bar, though this time blood was spattered in spots on the shirt.
His tone of voice was definitely not loving and sensual as he growled, “Don’t worry about him.  He’s currently charmed into submission.  He can’t move, he can’t scream, he can’t answer that piece of confounded technology.  And he’s just as easy to control as you are, my dear.”  His mouth turned into a sly smirk; just as dangerous as a snarl.  I thought he’d attack me right then.
“Rick better not be hurt!” I screamed defiantly.  “If he is I’ll--”
“You’ll do what?”  I blinked and he was sitting on the bed beside me.  I recoiled, moving back away from him as far as I could before hitting the wall.  
He ran a slender finger down my cheek.  I flinched, waiting for him to strike.  
“Ah, don’t fear, my love.  The other night was the best I’ve had in centuries.  You’re quite talented,” he cooed with a wink.
My fists, teeth, entire body was clinched tighter than a windup toy waiting to be released and allowed to roll across the dining room floor.  
“You don’t love me anymore?” he questioned, throwing a fake look of surprise across his handsome features.  “That’s not what you thought the other night.  And earlier tonight, actually.”
“How could anyone love you when you only want to control them?” each word spat at him with the strength of a watermelon seed spitting champion.  “You’re just a murdering monster!”  Though I did long for him, terribly.  I wasn’t afraid, even though I put on like I was.
I wanted to feel normal again, and showing fear when faced with a monster would be the normal thing to do.
“And you, my dear,” his voice dripping cruelty, anger, and deviousness, “will surrender to my control if you want your friend to survive until dawn.”
He’d tired of playing with me, letting me have my free will to tell him what for, and as quickly as he’d moved from standing to sitting beside me, he took control of the situation… and me!
Yet again I was locked on his eyes.  The icy, soul-less orbs flickered with evil as they burned an ever expanding hole through my mental shield.
Fight him!  Fight harder!
But there was no more fight left in me, and he took control.
“Now, sweet Liz, won’t you join me for a nightcap?” he cackled, standing from the bed to offer his arm like a gentleman does a lady.  My body eagerly followed suit, looping my arm through his.
“We’ll be happy newlyweds by this time tomorrow,” he declared joyfully, smiling brightly as his fangs declared his true intentions.
I’m about to die.  And only wearing a bathrobe!

CHAPTER 16




Just like before, we were caught up in a whirlwind.  Papers swirled around the room, clothing was tossed about, and Tara hid under the bed hissing the entire time.  The cyclone sucked the air from my lungs.  They seized and burned from the lack of oxygen.
Marcus grabbed me around the waist and pressed my body to his.  I could feel every inch of him flexing against me.  The feelings from the other night came rushing back; covering me like a bucket of sticky honey.  I feared the bear was right around the corner, and hungry.
“Come my dear,” he growled.  All resistance melted away when his plump, tender lips pressed to mine.  I freely kissed him back.  Passionate, longing, urgent, needy…
Like with what happened at the bar, I don’t really know what happened next.  A blinding light glowered all around us.  It threw the two of us in opposite directions.  Marcus flew backwards out the window, spraying glass in all directions.  I went sailing through the air with only one thought on my mind, I wonder if we’ll have sex before the sun rises.  I’m not proud of it, quite ashamed actually, but that’s how it was.
I slammed into the wall above my bed, my head banging hard enough to leave a huge indention in the sheetrock.  Then the bed came up to meet me, or maybe I feel down to greet it.  Either way, I ended up face down on the bed.  My head was swimming, not only from the crash, but also from Marcus being suddenly ripped out of it.
I tried to drag myself up off the bed, “Awwww!”  My head felt like it would split in two if I moved another inch.
It took all I had to simply force my eyes open.  Marcus stood on the outside of the shattered window, staring at me.  Confusion and anger replaced confidence and control on his handsome face.  He blurred for a second.  I thought it was just my fractured vision, but when he went flying backwards again, further out into the front yard this time, I knew it wasn’t my eyesight.
He appeared back at the window once again, and once again he blurred and went flying backwards.  Each blow to him was more forceful than the last.
Apparently three strikes were enough for him.  He grew angrier, balled up his fists and punched at the empty space that had been my bedroom window moments earlier.  His hand bounced off with each strike.  The empty space rippled like water.
I must have looked like a cartoon character with my eyes as big as saucers as I scrambled up off the bed.  I grimaced at the pain, but it would just have to wait.  What’s more pain, after all?  This was more important!
Marcus punched, scratched, clawed, and even kicked at the invisible barrier.  It received all of his energy and rippled it back to him like a stone skipping across a pond.  Each unsuccessful strike made Marcus even angrier.  
His lips snarled, his breathing intensified to huffs, deep creases furrowed his brow, and his fangs extended to their full length.  His well-toned arms flexed and grew larger.  The veins in his biceps plumped and showed easily through his smooth white flesh.
He blurred seconds before I heard banging at the front door.  I ran to open the front door and found him pounding yet again at empty space the size of the door opening.  He blurred to window after window; all were sealed with the invisible force field and he was unable to crack any of the glass.
After twenty minutes, it finally grew silent around the house.  I returned to my disaster area of a bedroom.  Everything had been blown around; favorite clothes were ripped to shreds, bedding had been stripped from the bed, there was blood dripping down the wall from the hole my head had created.
I carefully touched the back of my head. “Ouch,” I gasped.  It stung terribly.  My hand was covered in my own blood when it returned to my line of vision.  I grabbed a towel from the bathroom and pressed it to the wound.  I’d probably need some stitches.
Back in the bedroom the banging started again.  Marcus was at it again.  The leftover sensation of his hold on me had quickly evaporating with the boundary between us.  Though the physical longing was still there, and I wasn’t shocked that I’d considered having sex with that monster tonight, the mental control was gone.
When he stopped banging I went to the window.  His hand hovered just centimeters away from the energy field.  Kind of like when lovers put their hands on each side of a glass window to show that they love each other.  Well I damn well wasn’t going to be pulled into that when I was perfectly safe in here.
I poked a finger at the invisible border.  It didn’t throw me around like it did Marcus.  It just rippled from my touch and returned to its smooth, invisible state after a few seconds.  
Marcus stared at me, never moving, as his hand hovered in the same location.  His eyes begged me to come to him.  His face saddened by the truth that I wouldn’t… couldn’t.  He bit down on his bottom lip like a teenager too nervous to speak.  When he licked his lips, my eyes froze to his face.  
I could feel him trying to gain entrance into my mind, but he kept getting kicked back out like a computer being knocked off the internet from a bad connection.  He tried three more times, with no success each time.
“Don’t you love me anymore?” he cried.  “Don’t you want to be with me?  What about when we made love?  It was fantastic.  You’re the best I’ve ever had!  There’s something special about…”  He paused, mulling the unspoken words around in his mouth as if he were remembering the taste of his favorite candy.
“About what?” I shouted.  He didn’t answer.  “About me?” I asked.
He smirked, refocusing his attention to me.  “There’s something special about your blood!  It’s sweeter than all other humans I’ve had.”  He licked his lips.  “It’s stronger.  It makes me feel more powerful than ever before!  I could conquer the world with your blood pumping through my veins!”  If I’d been in a movie, this would be where you’d hear an evil cackling of laughter.  But I wasn’t, and even without the cackling, chills ran down my spine at the thought.
I didn’t have some smart ass comeback, or anything sly up my sleeve.  I didn’t know what to say to that.  So I said the one thing that came to mind, “Isn’t it almost time for the sun to come up?”
His eyes widened as he looked toward the sky.  The black was starting to fade into a dark purple.  He had about an hour to find a safe, dark place to hunker down for the day.  And I certainly wasn’t going to help him.
“This isn’t over!” he shouted.  “I will have you,” his eyes narrowed into slits as he purred, “one way or another.”
“It is for now!” I yelled after him as he blurred out of sight.
I spent the next half hour making sure he was gone and testing the limits of the boundary surrounding my entire house.  I threw pillows at it.  I threw shoes at it.  I even threw a kitchen chair at it, which only accomplished knocking another hole in the sheetrock when I missed the window.  Nothing made it through.  
That’s to say, nothing made it through until the sun rose.  As soon as the sky started turning shades of pink and blue, the energy field dispersed.  The funny thing is that I was throwing a can of peas at it at the exact moment that it dissolved, allowing the peas to go flying out the window and crashing into my favorite rose bush.
“Shit!”
Back in the bedroom, Tara came running out from under the bed and leaped out the window opening.  She narrowly missed a jagged piece of glass sticking up from the bottom of the window frame.  “I don’t blame you,” I called after my pet.
I dreaded cleaning up the room, but knew it had to be done.  I stalled, not wanting to think about what had really just happened, but knowing I’d have to face the reality of the situation.  “First thing first,” I said, grabbing the phone that was now lying on the bathroom floor and dialing Chad’s number.  My hands trembled, clinging to the phone like a lifeline.  I hoped he’d answer quickly, before the trembles moved from my hands to my nauseated stomach.
“Uh, hello?” came the voice of a sleeping man questioning whether the phone had really rang or if it was all a dream.
“Chad! Rick has been taken.  Marcus took him, but I don’t know where he is.  Marcus crushed his cell phone and--”
“Liz? Is that you?” Chad grunted.
“Yes, yes, it’s me.  Now wake up and listen to me--”
“What time is it?” he coughed and yawned.
“Chad, wake up!  Don’t worry about what time it is.  It’s early, and Rick is in danger.  That’s all you need to know right now.”
Chad grunted again and mumbled something to the extent of cursing everyone to hell, or something like that.  “Liz, slow down.  My brain can’t take all of this information as soon as I’m jostled awake by a ringing phone.  Now,” he took a deep breath, “start over.  What’s happened?”
I spilled the whole, weird story right out there for all the world to see (well, for Chad to hear anyway).  He didn’t ask a question or speak a syllable the entire time.  I thought he had fallen back to sleep when I finished the story and all I heard was him breathing on the other end of the line.
“Chad?  You still there?”
“Yeah, I’m still here,” he groaned.  “Do you want me to call the Sheriff’s Office?  Or do you want to handle this privately?” he asked carefully.
“Um, well, I’d have to say that in order to keep from explaining this over and over for two weeks and still not getting anywhere, we kind of need to do this privately.” I assured him.
He gave a grunt of agreement
“Liz.”
“Yeah, what?”
Chad said, “Huh, what? I didn’t say anything.”
“You didn’t say my name just now?” I questioned.
“Nope,” he responded.
“Lizabeth.”
“There! That’s not you calling me Lizabeth?” I demanded.
“I just said it wasn’t me,” he insisted.  “Besides, when do I ever call you Lizabeth?”
“Okay, I must be going crazy.”  I shook it off and returned to the original subject, “Listen, just come over here when you get awake.  I’ll cook you some breakfast while we’re discussing options.  At least the sun’s coming up, so we’re safe until nightfall.  But I don’t know how long Rick has, or if he’s even still alive.”
He agreed and we hung up.  I found the phone cradle under the bed and placed the phone in it, and back on the table.
“Lizabeth, can you hear me?”
“Hmmm,” I hummed as I cleaned up the room.  “I’m just going crazy. This is all in my fucked up head,” I stated absently.  “It’s probably a concussion from bashing my head against the wall.”
“Lizabeth, you’re not going crazy, and you can’t get concussions,” the voice replied.
I went around the room picking things up, throwing broken things away, and ignoring the weird voice that absolutely had to be in my head.  I found my favorite bottle of nail polish, Purple Potion 13, broken and leaking all over the floor.
“Damn! And that would have been the perfect shade for vampire slaying,” I joked to… well, to no one but myself, I hoped.
I always preferred the Passionate Orchid #9 that you use to wear,” the voice commented.
“Yeah I liked that one too,” I agreed, without even thinking, until it was already said.
I found all five pages of Adele’s letter and was completely surprised that they were still in the room and intact.  Two pages had blown under the bed, a third ended up in the bathroom sink, and the last two were in the hallway.  I sat down in the floor and carefully placed them in the correct order.
The pages felt heavy and thick in my hands.  They shimmered like glitter had been poured over them.  Then something really weird happened (like vampires, mind control, and the information in the letter weren’t weird enough).  “I know you can hear me Lizabeth May Baker,” the pages in my hand declared loudly.
I told you it was weird!
“Oh hell!” I screamed, throwing the pages up in the air and scrambling to my feet halfway across the room.  “What the fuck is going on here?”
“Geez, Liz.  You’re such a potty mouth.  Adele never told me that about you.”
The voice was female, more accurately an adult female.
“You know who I am,” she said.
The room around me shimmered brightly and started spinning.  I thought I was about to pass out, but that would come later.
The energy field that had surrounded the house, now appeared straight down the middle of the room.  Waves rolled across as it settled into place and then smoothed over to become invisible.  The room stopped spinning when a small, then a larger ripple began in the very center of the room.
The ripples grew larger and larger, until they went from the floor to the ceiling, just in the very middle of the energy field.  Then something started coming out of the center of the ripples… a foot!  A leg followed.  Then a torso, arm, chest, and head.  Until finally, there was a whole person standing right in front of me!
“Mom?”

CHAPTER 17




My mom had been dead for five years when she stepped through an energy field and happened to be standing in the middle of my bedroom at six A.M. on a Tuesday morning in mid-July.  She looked like she had when I was younger, and her body hadn’t been ravaged by cancer yet.  She looked happy and healthy with her golden hair hanging in curls and a bright smile upon her lips.
“Mom? Is that you?” I asked, stepping timidly toward the figure in front of me.
“Yes, my Lizabeth May.  It’s me.  I’ve missed you terribly,” she smiled, inviting me into her open arms.  I could feel an intense kind of love and warmth emanating from her.
The energy field behind her returned to its relaxed state of invisibility.  I could sense that it was still there, but my eyes could no longer detect it.  I inched closer to the woman who’d given me life, and she waited patiently as I did so.
“Why? How?  How is this possible?” I stuttered, moving into her arms and feeling the warmth of her body as she pulled me closer.
“Shhhh, I’ll explain it in a moment, but for just a minute let me hug my daughter.”  And she did just that.  She was a few inches shorter than me, so I had to lean over, but she hugged with all her might.  She felt strong and energetic, just as I remembered her being before the cancer had stripped it all away.
When she released me, I watched as, with the swipe of her hand, the energy field dissolved, but she stayed.  Then we joined hands and stared into the face of the other for heaven only knows how long.
She finally broke the silent stares with, “Yes, Lizabeth, I am real.  I am Annalise Baker; your mother.  And I’m sure you’re wanting to ask, so I’ll just answer before you do.”  She took a deep breath and blew it out.  “Everything in Adele’s letter is true.  You aren’t completely human, and Matthew isn’t your biological father.”
I’d already read the letter, so I knew this tidy bit of information.  Yet hearing it directly from the lips of your dead mother was enough for it to hit home.  I nodded, not knowing what to say, so she continued.
“Matthew was a good man, at one time,” she started, motioning for us to sit on the bed.  The long white dress she wore seemed to float on air with each step she took.  Her hair had the kind of bounce and body that a Hollywood movie star would pay big money for.  Her eyes twinkled with contentment, even as her lips spoke of unhappy times.
“It wasn’t until Jesika was three years old that Matthew turned to alcohol and drugs.  He soon became verbally abusive toward me, and would ignore Jesika completely; leaving her to mourn the loving father she’d had up to then.”
She leaned closer and caressed my cheek, then smoothed my hair.  Her gentle smile pierced my heart.  Tears threatened to fall, but I blinked them away.
“One night,” she continued, “Adele and I went out for a girls’ night out.  I’d taken Jesika to the sitter’s house and Matthew was passed out on the bathroom floor at home.”  She shook her head, remembering her disappointing past.
“Adele and I went to a club down in Atlanta.  Night Stalker Inn, I believe the name was.  Anyway, we were having a great time socializing and watching the live band they had there when Adele met George for the first time.  Her future husband,” she smiled.
“Adele and George hit it off right from the start.  Everyone around us could see that.  She fell instantly in love with him, and that was very uncommon for Adele.”  Her small nose twitched as she smiled.  She had a distant look to her, as if she were returning to the night in question.
“Anyway,” she continued, shaking her head and focusing back on me.  “Adele was feeling guilty about me being off in a corner while she and George danced the night away.  There was this guy who’d been chatting with us the entire time we were there.  He’d been one of George’s colleagues from a business deal they’d completed that evening, so George brought him to the club with him.  Well, Adele got the idea to hook George’s friend up with me so she could go off with George.”
“I was married of course, so I wasn’t about to go jumping into bed with a perfect stranger.  But this man was special.  He had a way about him that made all the ladies look in his direction.
He dressed in the most stylish clothes, much different than up here. And he‘d told me that he was a business man based in Rome--Italy, not Georgia,” she winked.  “He had the most intriguing accent, but it didn’t sound Roman to me.  I didn’t really care though.”  
I knew the look on her face.  I’d had that same look many times over the years.  It was the look of desire, lust, longing.  I’d had those same feelings the moment Marcus ensnared me in his net of sex and blood.
She sighed as sadness appeared on her lovely features.  “I wasn’t planning for anything to happen.  I was married, unhappily, but married nonetheless.  I’d just gone out that night to have some fun with Adele and to get away from Matthew.  But so much more happened than that.”
“What?” I asked after she’d sat there silently for a minute.  “Me?” I asked hesitantly, pointing to my chest.
Her face lit up like a stage light was shining on it.  She cupped my face with both hands, kissed my cheek, and said, “Yes, that’s the night that you, my most special girl, came into existence.”
“He was gorgeous.  He was powerful.  He was wealthy.  And his desire in me was something I hadn’t felt in a long time.
Adele never saw me leave with him.  She’d been wrapped in George’s arms off in a corner when he slipped me out the back door and into his waiting car.  He drove as fast as he’d moved to pique my attention earlier.  The streets were deserted in Atlanta that night, and that never happens, so he drove even faster.
I was on an adrenaline high when I was with him.  He took me higher than I’d ever been before.
We soon ended up at a very expensive hotel; I can’t remember the name of it.”  It felt like she was reading my mind along the way.  “It’d probably be closed down by now.  Anyway, we ended up at this hotel, all the way at the top in a suite.  We had the best sex I’d ever had.  No human man would ever be able to come close to reenacting the things he did,” she sighed.
Then her voice turned firmer, “He had great skill at mind control as well.”
“You don’t mean—”
“Yes, he was a vampire.  I knew exactly what he was when I woke up the next morning with bite marks in six places on my body and a note beside the bed thanking me for dinner and a good time, along with two thousand dollars.  As if I were a common whore,” she stated matter-of-factly.
“Oh, no,” I gasped.  “What… what was his name?” I questioned fearfully.
She looked thoughtful.  Her index finger tapped her lower lip like she use to always do when she was trying to remember an answer.  I use to see that movement in the mirror a lot during my algebra homework.
“My mind was so jumbled up that night.  Between the drinks and him digging into my brain, the small details are foggy.  I kept the letter he wrote me that night though, and he signed it See you in the future, Gregory.  I thought that was odd at the time.”
“Did you see him again?”  
“Well, not until the night you were born.
I was so weak the next morning that it’s a wonder I was able to make it home in one piece.  I’d taken a taxi with the money.  Adele said she and George searched for me all night after she noticed I wasn’t there.  And Gregory’s friend, Marcus, had told her--”
“Wait!” I interrupted with a yelp.  “Did you say Marcus?”
“Yes, Gregory came in with a friend that he called Marcus.  Apparently they were buddies from Rome, or wherever they were really from.  Why?”
I rose from the bed, kicked a pile of clothes in front of me, and took a few steps.  “Son of a bitch!”  I twirled back around to her, “Were you responsible for the energy field that surrounded my house earlier?”
She rose from the bed, “No.  If there was an energy field here then it was one of your own creation.”
“And how am I supposed to do that?” I demanded to know.
“I’ll explain your powers later.  Right now tell me what significance Marcus has to you.”
“Mom, do you happen to remember Marcus’s last name?” I asked, hoping, praying, and pleading with the heavens that the word from her lips was not…
“Vroc.  His name was Marcus Vroc.”

CHAPTER 18




The room started spinning again, only this time it wasn’t from a magically appearing dead parent.  Marcus had been there when my mother was impregnated by a vampire.  Marcus probably knew who, or what, I was all along.  Marcus being with me was the vampire equivalent of me screwing an uncle!  I shuddered at the thought.
“What is it?” my mother questioned.  “Why are you so upset?”
“Marcus Vroc is the man… vampire, that I’ve been seeing.  Well, more to the truth, he’s the vampire that’s been controlling me.  He’s the vampire that I’ve had the best sex ever with.  So I kind of understand the feelings you had for Gregory.”
She placed a soothing hand on my arm.  “Oh my dear, I’ve come too late.”
I stopped in my tracks, my attention narrowed with her in my sights.  “How exactly are you here anyway?  You just magically appeared, and don’t get me wrong, I do believe that you’re my mom, but I’d like to know how, why, this happened.  There’s more to your story than you’re telling me.”
I looked at the mess around me.  I couldn’t stand to stay in that room a second longer.  I stomped out the door and down the hallway, leaving Mom to follow, or not.  She did.
I grabbed a drink from the fridge--glancing at the clock on the microwave long enough to know that Chad should have already been here--and then settled down on the couch in the living room.  Mom shook her head when I offered her a drink and then took the arm chair to my right, settling in to face me.
“So? What happened next?” I inquired with raised eyebrows and an inpatient attitude.
“Yes, all right.  As I was saying before, Adele felt responsible for what had happened to me that night.  When I turned up pregnant, she, well, took us to a very talented gypsy witch.  Which I’m sure you know is hard to come by here in Tremmel Crossing.”
I scoffed, rolling my eyes, “Yeah, I’d say so.”
“Adele and I had dabbled in witchcraft in our late teens and early twenties, so we were quite hopeful that the gypsy would be able to tell us something.  Unfortunately, all the gypsy could see was the death and destruction that would come to a dark-haired, powerful daughter of mine.  Jesika has always been a blonde, so I knew it wasn’t her.
The day you were born, with your head full of dark baby fuzz, I knew that your life was in danger.  That night was the only other night I saw Gregory.  I’d awakened after a long, difficult labor and delivery to find Gregory holding you in his arms.
I was all alone.  Adele had gone to get coffee, and Matthew, well I’m sure he was passed out somewhere.  I didn’t know whether to scream for help or simply say hello to Gregory.  He was still as handsome as I remembered, and he was smiling ever so sweetly down at you, all wrapped up in a pink blanket and hat.”
“Ah yes, the devoted father, I’m sure,” sarcasm dripping from each word.
“I wouldn’t say that now, but back then it did cross my mind,” she shared.  “At least he’d come to see the child he’d created.  Unfortunately he’d only done that so he could mark you as his.”
My eyebrows arched, asking, “What the hell?” without saying a single word.
“Yes,” she said, nodding slowly.  “You are marked.  There’s a small, red birthmark on your back, just above your right hip.  It looks oddly similar to a circle with the letter M in the middle, and three stars in the center of the M.  Right?”
I nodded absently, sliding a hand over the exact spot she spoke of.  It was definitely still there; had always been there.  All the men in my life had run a finger or two over it and asked who was so important that I’d have an M burning into my flesh.  I would always argue that it was just a birthmark, and nothing more.  Apparently it was more.
“You still haven’t told me exactly how you’re here right now,” I reminded her, defiantly. 
“I’m getting to it, my dear.  You’ve always been such an inpatient one.  Just listen.”
I shut up, shifted in my seat, and sipped my drink as she continued.
“As I was saying, I awoke to find Gregory holding and talking to you.  When he saw that I was awake, he smiled as if we were some happy couple and he was a doting new father.  He held you out to me and said, ‘I just came to welcome my newest Dhampiresa to the world’.
I didn’t know what to say to him, but I felt oddly at ease about him being there.  I wasn’t afraid that he’d hurt me or you.  It was probably more of his mind control though,” she shrugged.  The faraway look of remembered memories crept across her quaint features once again, and she grew silent for a moment.
“And?” I waved my hand for her to continue, rudely breaking her remembrances, but feeling rushed to get as much information as possible from her.
“Oh yes.  Sorry.  Well, Adele came back just in time to see him holding you and she flipped out.  She screamed for security and yelled that he better get out of there.  She shouted that he had no right to be there after what he’d done to me.  She acted so erratically that you ended up going into a crying fit.  Gregory winked at me as he laid you in my arms and whispered, ‘Take care of our princess.  She’ll be a strong one and well worth the investment,’ and then he blurred out of sight.”
“I’d be ‘well worth the investment’?  What the hell does that mean?” I wondered aloud.
Mom shrugged.  “I had no idea then, but I can see it now.”
“See what?”  What was there to see?  I was simply… me.
“That you’re a strong woman.  You go headlong at whatever you desire, and you get it.  That didn’t come from me, you know.”
She was right.  Anytime I wanted something, or wanted to do something, I’d always get it.  I might have to work hard for it, but I always achieved my goals in a relatively short period of time.  I had a way of convincing people that what I wanted was the right thing for everyone.  Was that really from my vampire bloodline?  I’d always just considered it as fantastic people skills!
“Okay, fine.  What happened next?” I asked, watching the clock tick away the minutes.  Where was Chad?
“After I got out of the hospital, Adele took both of us, you and I, to the gypsy.  The gypsy took one look at you and gasped and said, ‘It’s her.’  You were the one she’d seen in her visions.  You were the special dark-haired child who would be in great danger.
She told us that she couldn’t do anything to stop what the future held, but that she could make it so that things would eventually work out in your favor.  However, the only way to do that was to sacrifice someone else’s life in order to give you enough life force, enough strength, and enough power to beat the demons to come.”  She paused.  Her eyes looking down at her hands and her face saddened a little.
“And who was the person sacrificed?” I asked warily; already knowing the answer just from the look on her face.
She didn’t speak for a moment, and when she did, her voice cracked with emotion.  Her eyes slowly lifted to meet mine, and with a weak smile she said, “It was me.  I gave up my life to save yours.  Adele fought me on the matter.  She was willing to give up hers because she carried so much guilt over that night.  But I refused.  You are were my child, no matter who your father was.  I loved you the moment I saw you and I happily gave my life to save yours.”
“But Mom, you died of cancer.  You lived another twenty-five years…”  
The pain she’d suffered.  All of the treatments she’d gone through, knowing they wouldn’t save her life.  The tears I’d shed fiercely every day of those last few weeks.  All of that for me?
“Yes, I know.  The gypsy said it wouldn’t be right away.  My life would not come to an end until you needed it to.  But it had to be done before you needed the power, so that you wouldn’t be distracted by loss when you needed to be focused on life.  And there was no way of knowing just how my life would end.  Cancer just happened to be the culprit.”
Tears threatened to escape.  “Your death was…”  I gasped when the first tear rolled down my cheek.  “Your death is my fault.”  I covered my face and sobbed.  
Mom joined me on the couch.  She rubbed my back and hugged me tightly.  “Oh, my dear, sweet child,” she crooned.  “None of this is your fault.  Life deals the cards that we must play.  My hand just happened to finally bust.  You still have several rounds to play, and I want that for you.”  She nodded and pressed her cheek to mine.  “And if you want to blame someone, blame Gregory.  He knew what he was doing that night.”  I could hear the love in her voice as she stroked my hair.
She let me sniffle for the next five minutes and then that was enough.  “Okay, buck up.  No more tears.  We have to finish this so you can begin your journey and use the life I gave you to the fullest.”
Her words stung.  But then they didn’t.  The longer I thought about that, the more I felt compelled to do just that.  She’d given her life for mine.  Who was I to waste it by wallowing in self-pity and sadness?
“Okay,” I sniffled quietly.  “Continue.”
Mom had always been able to make me smile, and she did just that when she clapped her hands together and jovially exclaimed, “Okay, let’s recap!”
She waited for me to do the recapping.
“Let’s see.  I’m the spawn of you and a vampire named Gregory, after a one night stand and dinner, in Atlanta.  He had a friend named Marcus, who is my current vampire fuck buddy…”
“Lizabeth,” Mom scolded, her brow furrowed with disappointment in my potty mouth.
I continued with a slight grin, “Adele feels guilty because she pushed you toward Gregory so she could hook up with her future husband, George.  The two of you went to a gypsy who said I was, basically, doomed.  Gregory came around at my birth in order to mark me and call me his little, what was the word again?”
“Dhampiresa.”
“Ah, yes, his little Dhampiresa.  Then, Adele takes you back to the gypsy and she places a curse--”
“Not a curse,” Mom corrected, shaking her head.  “A spell.”
“Same difference.  A spell, so that I would be stronger and you would die.  Does that about sum it up?”
Mom nodded her approval.
“So, with all of that out of the way, how are you here?” I insisted, growing impatient with this conversation and with Chad not having arrived yet.  Was it possible that he’d fallen back to sleep?
“Along with the spell to take my life, the gypsy cast a counter spell that would allow me to come back to you if you ever needed me.  I didn’t know if it would work, or if you’d ever need me enough to bring me to you.  The drawback is that I can only come to you for a maximum of one hour at a time, with at least twelve hours between visits.”
My eyes darted to the now loudly ticking wall clock.  It had already been fifty minutes.
“Only an hour?  Twice a day?  Seems pretty constricting.”
“That’s why it’s only when you really, truly need me.  Apparently it worked this time because you needed to know your history in order to survive your future.”
“And the energy field?”
“Oh, that was of your own design.  I don’t know where it came from.  You even created the one I stepped through.  I don’t know any more than that.”  She glanced up at the clock.  “When I disappear your time will reset.  The hour we’ve spent together will rewind, leaving your memories of our visits intact, but no one else will be the wiser.  Chad will arrive right on schedule, so don’t put on like he’s late.”
“Wow, really?” I asked.  Amazed, I stared at the clock to see if it would do just that.
Mom chuckled.  “You won’t be able to see it you twit.  I’ll vanish and it’ll instantly be an hour earlier.”
“Way to show the love, Mom,” I smiled.
We hugged for a few minutes.  It was so great to feel her in my arms again, and healthy to boot.  She’d been so frail the last time I hugged her body to mine.  I’d been afraid I’d break her.  This time she was so happy, so healthy, so warm.  Love wafted off her like the fragrance of a sweet perfume.
“I love you, Mom.”
“I love you too, my dear.  Just remember, I’m here when you need me the most.  Just wait twelve hours if you can,” she winked.  And then she was gone.
Then my arms were empty.  I looked at the clock and sure enough, it was the same time as it’d been when she arrived.
Ten minutes later, Chad arrived.  
“Where’s breakfast?”

CHAPTER 19




As Chad ate the toast, jelly, and eggs I’d thrown together for him.  I explained what had just happened and how my dead mother had mysteriously materialized in the center of my bedroom.  I told him again about Marcus bringing Rick’s cell phone to me in pieces and how I’d heard water sloshing on the other end of the phone.
Marcus had Rick and, even though it was daylight, he was in danger.  “As soon as the sun goes down we can check Rick off the list of the living,” I exclaimed.
Chad took the last gulp of his orange juice and wiped his mouth with a napkin left over from my last trip to the local McDonald’s.  He didn’t even bother to comment about the oddness of my dead mother’s appearance. “I know a girl at the station—”
“I thought we agreed not to bring the authorities in on this,” I reminded him.
He waved a hand at me.  “Just wait, let me finish.  I know a girl at the station who can tell us all the local bodies of water.  I’m sure Marcus didn’t go too far away from you since it sounds like he actually wants you to find him.”
“Oh, okay.”  I felt stupid all of a sudden.  “Yeah, that would be good.  Can you ask her to make it quick?  We need to find Rick before nightfall.”
Chad nodded, whipped out his cell phone, and punched buttons until he found the right contact in the phone’s memory.  With the phone to his ear, he winked at me and whispered, “It’ll be okay.  We’ll find him.”
I sat there for a few minutes listening to a one-sided conversation.  First he flirted a little.  “Suzie Q, how’s it going this morning?  I know love, it’s early, but I knew you’d be there.”  Then he got to the matter at hand.  “Yeah, I have a little favor to ask of you.”  Lastly, he added a little housekeeping.  “No, I didn’t forget your home number.  Yes, I’ll be calling you for a night out real soon.”
Suzy Q was actually Susan Quincy.  We’d gone to school with her and she’d been completely enthralled with Chad.  He’d been a jock back then.  But not the stuck up, only dates cheerleaders kind of jock.  He was much more of the down home kind of guy, like he is now.  He and Susan never did really click on a relationship level.  That didn’t keep her from hoping though, it seemed.
Susan Quincy had been one of the smart girls.  She always had straight A’s, member of the Junior Beta Club, Future Leaders of America, and even ran for class president.  She lost the election to a bubbly blonde cheerleader who promised things to many guys who’d probably already received such services from her in the past.
Rick’s conversation with Susan went on like that for a little longer before he finally got around to asking her for the information.  “Do you have a fax machine?” he asked me quietly.  
“At the bar,” I reminded him.  I had no reason to have one here at home.  Half the time I even left my laptop there, but it was sitting on the coffee table in the living room right now.  “She could email it though.”  I pointed to my purple Dell in the next room.
He nodded in agreement.  “Hey Suzy Q, can you just email the info?  I don’t have the fax available where I’m at.  Thanks love, you’re a doll!”  He winked and gave me a thumbs up at his accomplishment.
I’d never seen him so flirty.  Apparently he had quite a way with the ladies when he wasn’t working.  But actually, he was working at the moment, wasn’t he?  He was working Suzy Q.
When he closed his phone, a great big smile covered his face.  He’d always had a great smile with plump lips and less than perfect teeth.  “She’s doing it.  She said it’ll be about fifteen minutes.”
“Great!” I shouted.  “You’re quite the flirt there, Chad Langford!”  I arched my eyebrows as a shade of crimson crept up his neck and over his face.  I couldn’t help but giggle at him and wink, making his face even redder.  I tussled his hair as I got up and went to bring my computer to the dining room.
I turned on one of the digital music channels on my television so that we didn’t have to just sit there and wait.  Four songs later and Chad was shouting for me to come see that the email from Susan Quincy was sitting in my in-box.
Chad scanned the list, but I preferred a hard copy.  “Just hit print,” I said.  “I have wireless set up in here and the printer is in the office.”  The spare bedroom closest to the living room had been converted to my home office.  I didn’t use it much, but at least I had it.
He hit the button and heard the printer churning out a two page list of the local bodies of water.  There were twenty-five different ones to check out.  Chad went to retrieve a local area map from his Jeep and spread it out on the table.
“We should probably look at the ones closer to here rather than ones further out into the county and mountain areas.  He wouldn’t want to be too far away from you in case you decided to come to him,” Chad pointed out.
He drew a big circle on the map, with our location in the center.  That eliminated all water except four lakes--Jones Lake, Edward’s Lake, Fosters Lake (yes, the same Fosters as the cemetery), and lastly, Tribulation Lake.
“We’ll need to search all four of them,” Chad explained, circling each lake.  Two were north of here and two were south.  “All four have cabins and caves that he could be hiding in.”
“It’ll be easier if we split up,” I started.  “You take these two,” pointing to the northern lakes, “and I’ll take the other two.”  It sounded like a good idea.
“Hell no!” Chad said roughly.  “It’s too damn dangerous for you to be off by yourself.  Even if it is daylight.  What if you get stuck out there somewhere, and night arrives faster than you’re prepared for.  What if you end up in the right place, but all alone at the wrong time?”
I hadn’t thought about that.  At that moment all I was thinking about was finding Rick and ridding myself of Marcus.  What a pity, I thought.  He’s awfully good in the sack.
“Besides,” Chad said, snapping me out of sex thoughts and how I’d really enjoy one more time alone with Marcus.  Yes, yes, I’m a fucking idiot.  “Your car is still in the shop, and even if it wasn’t, it wouldn’t make it through the roads around any of these lakes.  You know that.  That’s why all the boys had four-wheel drives in high school when they wanted to go to the make out spots.”  There went that shade of crimson climbing up his face again.  I remembered those make out spots all too well.  Then it was my turn as my face grew hot and turned a bright shade of pink all on its own. 
“Besides, my Jeep is a 4X4 with a wench on front.  It goes anywhere, with little resistance.  We’ll take it.”  He didn’t even wait for my response, as he considered it a done deal.  And it was, because after the case he presented I wasn’t going into this alone.
“I’ll be right back.”  He slid the chair back and strode out the front door.  I went to the window to see what he was doing and watched him opening the back of his Jeep.  He came back to the house lugging a large, tattered-looking duffel bag.
The duffel bag landed on the floor with a thud and something metal rattled around inside.  The bad was the size of an Army duffel, but I knew Chad had never been in the Army.  However, his dad had been in the military, but I wasn’t sure which branch.  
“Is that your dad’s?” I asked.  He nodded his answer and went right to work.
He unzipped the bag and started removing… weapons!  He lined them up on the table: hand guns, rifles, shotguns, pellet guns, and even a few large knives, and ammo for all of them, as well.
“Oh damn!” I yelled.  “You carry an entire militia in the back of your Jeep?  What the fuck, Chad?”
“Hey,” he snapped.  “You never know when you’re going to need this stuff.”
“Well, generally I would never need this stuff.  And I do have a gun of my own, though I’ve never shot it.  However, today I’m glad you think you need this stuff.”
Chad ignored me as he checked each weapon to make sure they were working properly.  He wiped down one of the handguns and handed it to me.  I knew that all guns had names, but I’d never been one to use them.  I was sure that this one had a name, but all I knew was that it was black metal, I think it’s called a 9mm, and it was heavy in my hand.  The metal was cold, even on this hot morning, and smooth except on the hand grip.  I’d never held one bigger than my small pearl-handled one, but it felt good in my hand; a perfect fit.
“Do you know how to use this?” he questioned.
“How hard can it be?” I asked, admiring the look of the gun in my hand.  “You just aim and pull the trigger.  Like my little one, right?”  He nodded and went back to his gun checks.
I went to change clothes while he finished.  I’d forgotten what a mess my bedroom was in until I walked back into it.  Seemed like it’d been hours since my mom had magically appeared.  But according to the clock, it’d only been an hour and a half since I called Chad to come over.  The resetting of time was really screwing with my head.
I stumbled through my room; stepping over clothes, kicking shoes out of my path, righting Tara’s cat house, and painfully stepping on a piece of glass from the blown out window.  When I made it into the bathroom my foot was dripping blood all over the white linoleum.
The first aid kit came falling out as soon as I opened the medicine cabinet above the toilet.  “Ah, how did you know I needed you?” I asked the inanimate, plastic case in my hands.  It was a good thing I keep it fully stocked at all times.  Of course that was easy when you never get more than an occasional paper cut.
I sat on the side of the bathtub, holding my foot inside (so the blood would be easier to clean up) and spread the case on the toilet lid.  I rifled through gathering a band-aid, alcohol cleansing pad, and healing ointment.  I held my foot under running water from the tub faucet to clean the blood off, then propped it up on the knee of my opposite leg to have a look at the cut.  To my surprise, there was no cut to be seen!
A nearby hand towel wiped away the water so that I could check even closer.  Nothing, no mark, no more blood, not even a scratch.  I checked the other foot, knowing damn well that it wasn’t that one, but checking nonetheless.  Nope, nothing there either.  I probed the injured foot with a finger--poking, prodding, pinching, pushing.  Nothing I did created even a little twinge of pain.  There was nothing wrong at all.
I looked around the small bathroom.  Was this something normal for me now?  Or was this something mom had done?  I had no idea what was real and what was quickly becoming my new reality.
There was no sense in sitting there pondering a healed foot when Rick needed me, so I went through and wiped the spilled blood off the floor.  At least I had proof that I’d really been injured.  If the blood hadn’t been there I might have suspected my sanity was at stake.
Jeans and a tank top were my outfit of choice.  It was summer and I would be tromping through the woods.  Shorts weren’t going to be feasible, but I certainly didn’t want to wear long sleeves too.  I donned some comfy socks and threw on my old pink and white sneakers.  They were Wal-Mart specials a couple of years ago, and so comfortable now that they were worn in that I didn’t want to buy a new pair.
I ran a brush through my hair, glancing at the box of red hair color on the counter the entire time.  “More important things to deal with today,” I mumbled before brushing my teeth and heading back to the kitchen.
Chad was raiding my refrigerator when I walked back into the kitchen.  He tossed numerous bottles of water into his ragged duffel bag.  I didn’t see any weapons laying around aside from the one he’d given me, which I’d left on the table.  He’d placed another ammunition clip next to the handgun.
“That for me?”
“Yep, you’ll probably need more than one clip.”  
He continued ravaging the contents of my fridge and then moved to the cabinets.  He threw in granola bars, crackers, beef jerky (where had that come from? Yuck!), and even some canned meat sticks.
“Damn!  Do you think we’ll need all that?  Are we feeding the entire Army?”
“You’ll thank me when we’re staked out in the woods and your stomach growls.  Or when we find Rick and he hasn’t eaten since yesterday.  He’ll probably be dehydrated too.”
“Okay, okay, you’ve made your point.  Just don’t get anymore.  That’s more than plenty.”
He nodded and zipped up the bag.  He went back to the table and pointed at the map, “I think we should start here, at Foster’s Lake.  Since you first saw him at the cemetery, it’s a good chance that he’s hiding out around the lake.”
“I don’t know,” I disagreed, looking over his shoulder at the map.  “He would know that we’d consider Foster’s first, for just that reason.  I think we should try,” I slid my finger across the paper and pointed to, “Tribulation Lake.  It would be the perfect fit from the location down to the name.  He’s definitely causing me some hardship.”
Foster’s Lake was north of here and Tribulation Lake was south.  There was no way we could quickly go from one to the next in a short amount of time.  We needed a better solution.
“What if we go north and then go south?” Chad suggested.
“What if we just start at the one furthest away and work our way back?  That way if he’s at one of the closer lakes we’ll be able to get him home faster.”
Chad looked at the map, trying to figure out which one was furthest.  His finger traced the route from one lake to the next.  He finally landed on Foster’s, moved slowly to Jones, then on to Edwards, and finally stopping on Tribulation.
“Yes, that’s the route we should take.  Good idea, Liz.  Sounds like a plan,” he exclaimed, straightening to his full height and folding the map into its appropriate shape (I could never get maps to do that).
Chad tossed his duffel across his shoulder and walked out the door.  He tromped over to the Jeep and tossed it in the back where it’d been before.  Only this time he removed a shotgun, handgun, and several rounds of ammo and placed them between the two front seats and across the back seat.
He returned to the house, loaded the black 9mm, and handed me the second clip.  I put it in my jean pocket.  He showed me the safety and the release to replace clips.  “That’s it,” he explained softly.
“Okay,” he clapped his hands together, looked around the room and then focused back on me.  “I know how you girls are, so you better go pee before we leave,” with a smirk across his lips.
I punched him in the arm, which he rubbed as I did just as he suggested… I’m a girl, after all.
A few minutes later, at nine o’clock on a Sunday morning, we were tucked safely into his Jeep, full of weapons, and on our way to rescue my best friend in the whole wide world. 
We’re coming, Rick.  Just hang in there.

CHAPTER 20




The first lake on the agenda was Fosters Lake.  Just west of the cemetery, and forty minutes north of my house, it was the one furthest from home.  The lake is located in the center of a clearing enclosed by trees.  The encircling of trees made one feel awfully secluded, and a little trapped.  Anyone could be hiding just inside the tree line watching you, and you‘d never know it.  If it’d been night, I wouldn’t have stepped foot into the clearing; leaving myself open for attack and not even able to see my attacker coming.
With handguns shoved into our pants, Chad and I walked around the lake, weaving through the trees, and didn’t come across anything that sounded similar to what I’d heard on Rick’s cell phone.  We explored the nearby cabins (all occupied) and the one cave in the area (not occupied).  This definitely wasn’t the spot.  We jumped back in the Jeep and headed to the next spot on the map.
Jones Lake was next.  It had been named after a family who used to own the land fifty years ago.  When the father passed away the children donated the land to the state forestry reserve.  All of Jones Lake was protected land.  
The road in and out of the area was a dirt and gravel road.  Due to a dry Georgia summer, a cloud of dust flew up behind the Jeep as Chad sped far too quickly over the bumps and around the curves.  The tail end of the vehicle swung out from behind us a few times, causing Chad to over steer in order to swing it back into the appropriate position; behind us!
Jones Lake is one of the largest in our area.  You can’t see the other side of the lake when you’re standing on the shore.  However, with this year’s rain deficit being lower than ever before, the water line was down tremendously.  The lake was only about half of its former glory; making it very easy to make our way around it in a short amount of time.  Unfortunately, with the water level being so low, there wasn’t enough water to create the sound I‘d heard over the phone.
While searching for caves and cabins, we ran across a hiking couple.  They appeared to be our age, yet were clearly out here for the fun of it.  Chad asked if they’d seen anything unusual and explained that we were looking for a friend who’d become separated from us (no sense in scaring them to death with the truth).
“No, sir.  We sure haven’t seen anyone like that out here,” the man replied.  “Have we honey?” he questions is wife.  She shook her head without a sound.
“Do you know of any cabins around here that he may have taken shelter in?” Chad asked.
“Nope, I believe the only cabin around here is the one we’re staying it,” the man said with a chuckle.
Chad pulled a piece of paper from his back pocket and jotted something down on it.  “This here’s my phone number.  Would you be so kind as to call me if you come across a man matching our friend’s description?”
The man and his wife both nodded vigorously, and he said, “I’d be happy to,” with an eerily happy smile.
They headed in their direction and we started back toward the Jeep.  “Very odd couple,” I said.
“I agree,” said Chad with a quizzical look.
Edward’s Lake was just as much of a bust as the other two.  Though Chad happened to bump into one of his old buddies with the forestry service and asked him to keep an eye out for anyone in distress.  He told the ranger about Rick being missing, but not long enough for a police report, and how we were positive he was at one of the lakes, though we didn’t know which one.
“You know, Chad, come to think of it, I do believe Tribulation has some cliffs,” Ranger Joe said thoughtfully, scratching his long white beard with one hand and swiping his brow with a handkerchief with his other hand as the sun beamed down on us.  
“Actually, you may recall an old school mate of you all’s drowning there.  The kids use to jump off the cliffs into the water below just so they could save a few bucks by not going to the lake’s beach area.  That poor boy should have just paid his three dollars.  He’d probably still be alive today if he had.  Instead he jumped off the wrong cliff and smacked his head on a rock under the water.  Never knew what hit him,” Ranger Joe said, with a shake of his head and a sigh over lost youth.
“Thanks, Old Joe.  We appreciate it,” Chad said.  They shook hands heartily and Ranger Joe even tussled Chad’s hair like he would a boy’s.
“Now you be careful out there, Chad.  Watch out for the Misses there,” he stated with a nod in my direction.  “The terrain out at Tribulation is much steeper than any of the others.  And those cliffs can get slippery, even without rain.”
Ranger Joe kissed my hand (like a true gentleman of his time) as Chad gave him a nod and a “Yes sir,” before we headed back in the direction of the Jeep.
When we made it back to the Jeep I was ready for a break.  Sweat covered my brow, rolled down the back of my neck, and even pooled between my breasts.  I took one of Chad’s handkerchiefs and swiped it down my tank top to clear out some of the moisture.  He eyed me suspiciously.  “It’s either this or I take my top off completely,” I told him.
“You think I’d mind?” he asked with raised eyebrows and a smirk.  I couldn’t help but chuckle and shake my head at him.  “What?” he asked with a shrug.
“I’m tired, lets take a break before heading to Tribulation.  Looks like it’ll be the one we’re looking for anyway.”  The smugness in my voice implying that I had been right all along.
“Yeah, you’re wanting some of that water and snacks I packed now, aren’t ya?” he stated just as smug and implying that he’d been right about that all along.
“Well, it is my food and water, after all,” I sneered.  Chad laughed, tossing me a bottled water and granola bar from the back of the Jeep.
We sat there for a few minutes trying to rest and cool off.  I was not only covered in sweat (and probably smelled horrible), but my sneakers were coated with a layer of red Georgia clay dust, and I’d caught my right jeans leg on a tree branch back at Jones Lake that had torn a big hole in it.  These jeans would now have to be cut off for shorts.
“It’s so damn hot out here,” I complained.  “What time is it anyway?”
Chad glanced at his green camouflage wrist watch.  “It’s a quarter past two,” he said, gnawing on his stick of beef jerky. 
“We’re gonna have to find Rick soon if we want to get him home before nightfall,” I warned.
“Yeah, but we have several hours before we have to be scared of the dark,” he reminded me.
It was two thirty when we got back on the road.  Lake Tribulation was an hour south of where we were.  With it being on twenty minutes south of my house, we’d be able to get home from there much faster than any of the others.  Unfortunately, it was also the largest of the four lakes.
By the time we reached the road that would lead us to the lake’s entrance, we’d already stopped for gas, made a pit stop at the local McDonald’s so we could take a bathroom break (I grabbed a cheeseburger and fries before Chad got out of the bathroom), and nearly wrecked because some old woman didn’t bother to look before pulling right out in front of us.  I was gripping the dashboard with every turn by the time we got there.  My nerves were shot!
“You okay?” Chad asked as he climbed down out of the Jeep.  I just sat there trying steady my stomach.
“I shouldn’t have eaten the cheeseburger and fries,” I said, feeling pretty green around the gills at that moment.
Chad walked around the Jeep and turned the hubs on the front wheels.  His Jeep was an older model that required a manual adjustment when you wanted to put it in four wheel drive.  “You’re gonna want to hold on,” he shared in his serious tone of voice when he hopped back into the driver’s seat.  “Tightly!”  He tossed the stick shift into 4WD and floored the gas pedal.  The Jeep lurched forward and my stomach hit the floor.  Damn fast food!
To reach Lake Tribulation, you have to drive six miles up a mountain, on roads no wider than a single pickup truck, with only the occasional pull off area for vehicles going in opposite direction to pass.  A light sprinkling of rock gravel covered the hard packed dirt road all the way up the mountain, making it feel like the vehicle was slipping and sliding as if on ice instead..  The road curves and turns, with steep cliffs looking down on trees and rocky terrain alternating sides of the road.  If you drove really fast up, down, and around, it would feel like the most extremely scary and life threatening rollercoaster ever recorded in history.
Deep dips and large tree roots over the road made the ride more than bumpy.  My body bounced up and down in the seat, even with the seatbelt doing its best to restrain me.  My head banged the roof of the Jeep; thankfully it’s a soft top roof, or else a headache would have joined my sour stomach rather quickly.
A sprinkling of old hunting cabins, houses, camping trailers, and shacks started appearing the further up the mountain we went.  The only residential signs you saw this far up was a single power line running to each cabin, house, and shack that paid for the service.  Most of the residential houses had a small satellite dish attached to their eaves to receive television signals.  There was no cable or phone out this far.  I pulled my cell phone from my pocket and… nope, there wasn’t even a signal for that either.
“How much further?” I asked, growing annoyed with the bouncing and feeling like my frayed nerves would shake me into oblivion.  My knuckles throbbed from how tightly I gripped the dashboard and my jaw hurt from clenching my teeth together.
“Just a few more minutes to the lake’s road,” he said, staring at the road ahead and steering so frantically that my eyes darted ahead to make sure we weren’t about to hit something.
Chad was true to his word as we came upon the entrance to Lake Tribulation’s road two minutes later.  The steel bar gate was propped open, welcoming all visitors to come right in.  It stays open all summer, but in the freezing temperatures of winter it’s closed and padlocked.
No sane person would want to be up here in the wintertime anyway.  Even four wheel drives have a difficult time going any higher up the mountain when the steep roads are covered with snow and a layer of ice.  Thank goodness it was summer.
“Okay, we’ll have to go slower from here on up to the lake,” Chad shouted over the roar of the engine as he pushed the Jeep’s strength even further.  If I didn’t know any better I would have been afraid the motor would blow from the limits he was pushing his vehicle to.  Chad knew what he was doing though.
The road was so steep that it felt like we were moving at a slow crawl.  “We could probably get out and walk faster than this!” I shouted loud enough for him to hear me.
“Yeah!  But it’d be awful hard to get off this mountain in a hurry if we were walking!”  He had a point, so I shut up and just held on; trying not to be thrown out.
I settled back into the seat.  There was no point in hanging onto the dashboard now that we were going straight uphill and I was being pushed back.  Besides, it wouldn’t have helped me if I fell out anyway.
It had been about ten minutes of this turtle pace driving when the lake came into view.  It was beautiful.  The surface of the water looked like a solid sheet of glass.  The sunlight reflected off its surface, causing it to sparkle like diamonds.  Just under the clear surface, a glorious shade of blue reflected the sky above.
“Wow,” was the only word I could think of at that moment.  It was more beautiful than any lake I’d ever seen.
I turned to Chad.  “Why have I never been up here?”
Chad chuckled.  “Probably because you never dated me!  I was up here all the time when we were in school.”  I smiled and refocused my attention back to the lake.
After climbing high up the mountain, Lake Tribulation was down in a crater.  It reminded me of those volcano lakes you see on the National Geographic channel.  The ones that fill the tops of volcanoes with harmless water just waiting for the next eruption to destroy all the beauty and wildlife surrounding it.
One side of the lake’s rim was steep and rocky.  If you fell from the top of it, you’d be looking at falling a good three to five hundred feet before hitting water.  And if you didn’t manage to jump out far enough your brains would be left on the sides of the cliff walls.  Didn’t sound like such an appealing picture to me.
The other side of the lake was low and smooth.  A person could walk right into the water like a beach from that side.  There were four boat ramps and a bait and tackle shop.  On that side, I saw a single boat on the water with fishing lines dipping down into the deep in search of today’s catch.
“Over there is where Old Joe was talking about Roy Grace drowning when we were kids,” Chad pointed to the high cliffs side.
Roy Grace had been a year older than me and ran with a different group of kids than I did.  Our paths never really crossed.  However his death touched a great many students that year.  Even if you didn’t know him, you could appreciate how great the loss of a teenager, by means of such a senseless act especially, was to everyone.
“The lake has never seen crowds like it used to before Roy died.  No one wanted their kids up here after that.”  Chad glanced at the water longingly.
“Yeah, I can see that,” I agreed.
Without speaking again, we made our way down the road toward the cliffs.  Chad took us as far as the overgrown trees would allow us to go and then he shut the engine off.  “We’ll have to walk from here,” he stated somberly.  His mood had shifted from cheerful, to all business.  “Make sure to grab the gun I gave you,” he reminded as I climbed down out of the Jeep.
I nodded, shoving it down the back of my pants (what? That’s what they always do in the movies) and patted my pocket to mentally double check that the extra clip was still there.  I looked at my cell phone again, though I knew there was still no signal all the way up here.  It told me that the day had gone by far too quickly.  It was already six in the evening and the sun was leaning more toward the west than I liked.
The day was growing short, and with it so was the time we’d hoped we would have to find Rick.  It had taken a lot longer to get up the mountain than I’d hoped.  I guess that’s why they always say that a country mile takes longer to drive than a city mile.
“Are you coming?” Chad called back from a few yards ahead.
“Yeah.”  I dashed to join him and we started trekking down the narrow path leading to the cliffs.
The path was worn from years of foot traffic.  I looked back at the spot where the Jeep was parked and noticed that it too had been worn by years of vehicles parking there.  Their owners probably weaved through the forest paths to fish, hunt, swim, and most likely many teenagers came to make out under a night sky filled with twinkling stars and to skinny dip in the lake.
Chad trucked along in front of me.  He hadn’t brought the duffel bag along, but he had his own handgun shoved down the back of his pants.  For a guy, I could totally understand not wanting to put it down the front of his pants.
“It’s right up here,” Chad called, looking back at me over his shoulder.  “We’ll be able to see the whole lake from the cliffs.”
I didn’t bother answering him.  My legs were starting to ache from all the hiking we’d done today.  A stinging on the big toe of my right foot was a tale-tell sign that a blister was forming.  I was sweaty, tired, and now that my stomach had settled down, I felt the rumblings of hunger starting to growl deep within.
But my personal discomforts weren’t enough to hold me back from finding Rick.
My mind wondered about Rick’s current state.  Was he okay?  Hungry?  Alive?
“Up here!  Hurry Liz,” Chad shouted.
Never in my whole life had I run as fast as I did at that moment.  I came to Chad’s side, panting and wheezing.
“You know I’m not big on exercise, Chad,” I groaned.  “What is it?”
Chad didn’t say a word.  His eyes were focused skyward and his mouth hung open in a surprised, unaware it’s open, kind of way.  He was scaring me, and fear that stopped me from looking up.
He looked down at me with a wild look in his eyes.  It was a cross between terror and pure shock.  “Look Liz!” he yelled angrily.  
But I couldn’t do it.  I shook my head in a fast, jerky motion.  “No,” came out of my mouth in a low whisper, barely audible by human ears.
He grabbed my face by the chin and demanded, “Look!” as he jerked my face in an upward motion.  I tried to close my eyes, but it was too late.
There, swinging high above us from a rope tied to a tree branch, was a man.  He was naked and covered in blood.  I couldn’t tell is he was alive or dead.
“Oh God, Rick!” 

CHAPTER 21




I fell to my knees and buried my face in my dirty hands as the tears rolled freely down my face.  There was no stopping them and I didn’t even want to.  My heart had shattered into a million pieces all at once and the pain was too much to bear.
You know how they say that in the minutes before death memories of your life flash before your eyes?  Well, at that moment memories of my life with Rick flashed before my eyes.  Our awkward teenage years together.  Our years of dating all the wrong people.  All of the fun times we’ve had.  All of the sour arguments we’ve debated.  And of course all of the times he’d wrapped his arms around my naked body and told me he loved me.
I sobbed harder; my body shook, heaved, and an animal-like guttural sound came from deep inside me.  I’m usually a very well composed person, so these feelings weren’t something I was used to, and they overtook me completely.
“Liz!” Chad shouted over and over, trying to break me from my misery.  But it wasn’t working until I heard the words, “He’s alive!”
My reddened tear-streaked face turned upwards just as Chad caught the falling body he’d just cut down.  Chad stumbled, but remained sure footed enough to lead Rick’s limp body carefully to the ground next to me.  Chad took off his t-shirt and placed it across Rick’s bare waist (like I’d never seen his assets before) and started checking his vitals.
“He’s still breathing and his pulse is just barely there, but he’s alive,” Chad announced, still checking for broken bones and lacerations.  “Go get the water from the Jeep!” Chad shouted at me.
All I could do was kneel there next to Rick.  My eyes scanning every inch of his body for a hint of where all the blood had come from.  I would, after all, be the ideal person next to Rick in knowing every detail of that man’s body.
When Chad saw that I wasn’t listening, or moving, he jerked my face around to focus on his and said, “I’m going to get some water.  Stay here!”  I managed a nod, but then my focus went right back to Rick.
Rick’s body was beaten, dirty, bloody, and bruised.  He’d been hanging from a tree branch, but the rope hadn’t been noosed around his neck, it’d been tied under his arms and around his chest.  Marcus had wanted us to find him alive.
His chest had rope burns around it and the ribs were a palette of blue, purple, and black bruises.  He probably had a few hairline fractures in there somewhere.  I saw red rope burns around his wrists and ankles as well.  He’d been bound somewhere before hanging from the tree.
“Rick?” I whispered.  My shaky hand hovered above his chest, cautiously trying to decide if I should touch him, or not.  I thought my heart was attempting an escape through my throat when I felt it growing tighter, making it harder to breath.  When the trees around us started spinning out of control I knew passing out was a very real option for me.
Then Rick groaned, and that’s all it took to pull me back into the reality of the situation.  Rick needed me sane and coherent, not some bumbling, catatonic moron.
“L…Li…Liz,” he stuttered slowly with moans of pain between each forced sound.  His eye lids fluttered and squinted to see me, but never fully opened.
“I’m here, Rick,” I said, clasping his hand to my chest.  “Shhh, don’t try to speak.  Chad has gone to bring back water,” I told him.
A moment later Chad came running up the path with his entire duffel bag.  “I thought you were just getting water?” I shouted toward him.
“Well,” he panted, setting the bag down beside me, “I figured I’d just bring it all since I have a first aid kit in here too.”
“Good idea.”
He pulled out a clean rag and soaked it with water.  He tossed it at me before he started rummaging for the first aid kit.  I started at Rick’s face wiping away the dirt and blood that caked his flesh.  I found the handsome face I’d always known under all that grime.  It was swollen and bruised, but still just as handsome.
When the cloth touched his lips, his mouth opened in search of moisture.  I moistened the cloth with more water and squeezed it into his mouth.  He swallowed it down greedily and opened for more.  
“Hand me a bottle,” I demanded, opening and closing my hand to show the urgency.  Chad tossed me one.  I raised Rick’s head only slightly and held the bottle to his lips.  His mouth opened wide, but I only poured a very small amount in.  He drank so fast that I could hear a very audible gulp with each swallow.
He had swallowed half the bottle before he stopped opening for more.
I laid his head down and went back to cleaning his face.  “There’s nothing but swelling and bruising up here,” I informed Chad.  “Though there could be broken bones beneath it all.”
He was working his way down Rick’s legs.  “Keep going,” he said without looking up.
I worked my way down his neck, one side and then the other, until I came across the two small puncture wounds we’d been looking for.  “I found it!” I shouted.  Chad rushed to my side and watched as I wiped the wounds gently.  Chad poured more water over them and I wiped again.
“There’s no way all of this blood came from just those two holes,” Chad deduced.
Chad looked around us.  The sky was starting to transform from the previously brilliant blue, to the yellows and oranges of early evening.  “We don’t have time for this.  We have to get him out of here.”
Chad pulled his cell phone from his pocket and started dialing.
“There’s no signal up here,” I informed him.  “I checked when we arrived.”
“Shit!” he shouted, slamming his phone shut and shoving it back into his pocket.  
Sweat glistened on his bare chest, mixing with the dust that clouded up around us with every move.  Chad was a muscular man, and he made sure to stay that way.  It came in handy when he was bouncing people out of the bar.  Now he was going to have to use those muscles to move Rick into the Jeep.
“We can’t move him, Liz, there could be internal injuries and bleeding.  Moving him would just make it worse.”  He paced the path in front of me; swiped his brow with the back of his hand; kicked a tree with his brown steel-toed work boots; sighed, cracked his knuckles, and coughed at all the dust he was stirring up around us.
“What do we do?  You use to be a cop.  Tell me!” I demanded, jumping up from Rick’s side and stomping over to Chad.  “And stop that damn pacing!  You’re covering us all with even more dirt!”
He stopped, turned to me, and then looked at the ground.  I didn’t speak.  The wheels were churning behind his haunted eyes.  He hooked his thumbs into the back pockets of his tight jeans.  My mind started to roam to inappropriate places when a single bead of sweat slid down his neck.  I watched as it moved over his chest, clung precariously to a nipple, before plummeting south over his six pack abs, and disappearing behind the waistband of dark blue denim.
“I know what to do!” Chad shouted -- snapping me out of those impure thoughts.  “I’ll use the emergency band on my CB radio.”
Before I could even bother to answer him, he ran off toward the Jeep and I was left with more inappropriate thoughts in my head.
I swear I’m not some sex addict always out for the next lay.  I enjoy a health sex life as much as the next, but Marcus had awakened something inside me that I hadn’t even known was asleep.  Something primitive, viral, longing to be touched.
“Stop it,” I mumbled, kneeling back down to Rick.  I cradled his head and carefully smoothed his hair back.  “Oh Rick, how do you get yourself into such messes?  Then again,” I pondered, “I suppose this is really all my fault.”
“Liz,” he moaned.  “Liz.”  His right hand slowly reached up and landed on my red hot cheek.
“I’m here, Rick.  I’m here.”  He slowly, clumsily rubbed my face.  His fingertips dragging across my skin hard enough to leave red streaks behind them.
“You look like crap,” he whispered hoarsely.
“Gee, thanks!  You don’t look too hot yourself right now either,” I joked.  He tugged at my face, trying to pull me down to him.  I followed his lead and brought my face inches from his.
He opened his eyes.  Even with his injuries I could see mischievousness floating behind those baby blues.  He accomplished a small smile and whispered, “How about a kiss for a dying man?”
Any other time he would have gotten a chuckle or a good swift punch in the arm from me over something as corny as that.  However, today was different.  I was more inclined to do anything he asked of me at the drop of a hat.
I licked my lips to moisten the summer heat induced dry skin.  I leaned in and pressed them gently to his.  He struggled to raise his head and push our lips together more forcefully.  Our tongues played a game of tag, scraping teeth, nibbling lips, intertwining.  His mouth tasted like blood, but I didn’t care.  All I cared about was him.
He pulled back from me in exhaustion.  Before unconsciousness took hold, he managed to mumble, “I love you, Liz.”
I laid his head back down.  Caressing his cheek, I whispered, “I love you, too, Rick.”  They weren’t just words.  They weren’t professions of friendship love, or friends with benefits, as the case may be.  My heart warmed and my inner voice shouted, It’s about fucking time you realized it!  I really loved this man.  
Why had it taken me so long to see that?  Cause you’re a dumb ass!  I looked down at the face of a man who loved me through all my faults, through all my bull shit, through all the losers I’d dated over the years, and he would still confess his love to me, one way or another, every time he saw me.  “You really are a dumb ass, Liz Baker,” I mumbled.
“What are you a dumb ass about this time?” Chad asked, coming up the path in long, dutiful strides.
“Nothing.  Did you get some help on the way?”  I scrambled to my feet and wiped my lips.
Chad squatted down to check Rick’s pulse.  “Yep,” he beamed with pride, “there’s an ambulance on the way.  They should be here shortly.  We just need to keep him comfortable until they arrive.”
Looking at the sky, I noticed the nightfall would be here faster than I’d hoped.  I looked at the clock on my cell phone… almost six-thirty.  We’d been out all day, and what a long day it had been.  It would start getting dark around eight o’clock.
“They better hurry,” I remarked.  Chad nodded and took a seat on a nearby tree stump as I plopped my behind back down on the ground and held Rick’s limp hand.
We sat there in silence as the birds chirped, squirrels ran up and down the trees, and even a lone deer walked by in the distance.  Chad, being the hunter he is, almost went for one of his guns, but I hissed at him and he decided against any action.  Besides, it wasn’t hunting season and, as an ex-cop, he knew better.
Neither one of us wanted to discuss what we would do after Rick was in the ambulance and on his way to the hospital.  We both knew there was more to come.  Marcus had to be taken care of.  He was just biding his time until the sun went down.
Chad broke the silence first.  “So what’s up with your mom coming this morning?”
Mom!  I’d forgotten all about her visit!  It hadn’t quite been twelve hours, so I couldn’t summon her yet.  But as soon as it was, I’d be all over calling her to me!
“I don’t know.  She explained a lot of small details to me, but we only had an hour together to go over a lifetime of information,” I told him.  He twirled a stick between his fingers and absently nodded his head.  “But she did say that I could call her to me when I need her.”
He opened his mouth to speak, eyeing Rick, but I interrupted.  “Only once every twelve hours though.”  He nodded again and went back to his stick.
Over the next forty minutes we had minimal chit-chat, Rick moaned and groaned a little, and he mumbled my name a few times.  Chad kept a check on his vitals, roamed around the area, but always came back to the tree stump.  We basically ignored the gigantic elephant named Marcus that was standing between us.
There was a deep rumbling off in the distance.  “Surely it’s not going to rain, tonight of all nights,” I remarked, disgusted at the thought.  “I mean, I know we’re in a drought, but damn!”
“Probably just heat thunder.  Nothing to worry about.”
The sounds of sirens finally came wafting up the path.  “About damn time!” I shouted.  Chad dashed off down the path while I stayed with Rick.
“He’s up here!” Chad shouted.  When he came barreling back up the path, there was a whole slew of people following him.  Around here, when you call one emergency service you get all of them.  The police, the EMTs, and even the fire department will respond.  And respond they did.
“Stand back, Miss,” one of the men told me.  I moved away and let them do their jobs.  In a matter of minutes they had Rick strapped onto a gurney and was putting him into the back of the ambulance.
The guys pushing him into the ambulance paused for just a moment so I could kiss him good-bye and whisper that I loved him.  He didn’t even move.
“Are you coming?” one of the men asked.
Chad and I looked at each other.  He raised his eyebrows and I returned the gesture.  I looked back at the man hanging out the back of the ambulance, shook my head, and answered, “No, we have other things we need to take care of before we go.  If he wakes up, tell him Liz will see him very soon.”
The man nodded before slamming the back doors closed.  I stood there watching the ambulance drive away.  I would see him soon, and when I did, I’d tell him exactly how sorry I was for being such an idiot for all these years.  I only hoped that it wasn’t too late.
“Ready for some vampire hunting?” Chad asked.
I pulled the handgun from the back of my jeans, turned off the safety, and grumbled, “As ready as I’ll ever be.”

CHAPTER 22




The day had grown into evening with pinks and purples decorating the sky.  Off in the distant, a clump of rolling clouds accumulated into the rather ominous shape of a coming storm.  
“Looks like rain,” Chad stated in a passing whisper, that I didn’t bother responding to.  Heat thunder, my ass!
Even if it did rain, I didn’t care.  We were out here, in the woods, sweating, and trying to find a cabin or cave that’s supposed to be out here somewhere.  I would welcome rain, snow, or even someone just spitting on me if it would cool me off.
“Where is this damn place, Chad?  I’m tired and filthy!”  Irritation started to take over my senses.  I can be one grumpy bitch when I’m hot, tired, and filthy.  “I need a damn shower.  And in case you’ve forgotten,” I grumbled sarcastically, “we need to go check on Rick.”
Chad was crouched down beside a tree three feet ahead of me.  His head whipped around and he gave me a look that could kill.  His brow furrowed, his lips frowned, and his eyes burned with fresh annoyance.
“Damn it, Liz,” he hissed a low, angry whisper.  “I’m here trying to help you.  This is your problem and I don’t have to be out here.”  He stood, grabbed his big military bag full of weapons, and slung it over his bare, muscular shoulder.  With determination in his stance, his heavy boots stepped in the direction we just came.
I knew I should care, worry, and want to get it over with.  The sensible thing to do would be to call someone stronger, more powerful, and better equipped to deal with such a monster.  But there was just us, and I wasn’t sure that I really wanted to destroy Marcus.  What if I could change him?  Could I make him stop killing?  Why couldn’t he just be with me like a normal person?
He’s not normal!  He has to be destroyed.  He won’t change and you can’t change him.
“No, wait!” I shouted. A chill ran down my spine.  The thought of being out here alone, knowing that Marcus would be able to do what he wanted with me (and I’d like it) if no one else was around, was enough to make me shiver and cause fresh beads of sweat to pop out across my forehead.
Chad turned his face back toward me, yet his body stayed poised to return to the Jeep.  “What?” he questioned harshly.  His close cut hair had pieces of crushed leaves in it.  Sweat mingled with fresh dust on his face making it look like he’d smeared mud across it.  More sweat trickled down the back of his neck, rolling into small droplets that dipped between shoulder blades, running a path all the way down his spine, only to disappear beneath the waistband of his jeans.  I could only imagine where the path led from there.
A low hum came from my throat as my indecent imagination rode along with the beads of sweat.
“Liz?” Chad shouted loud enough to startle me out of my happy place.  “This is pointless.”  His head turned back in the direction his body was headed.  His heavy boots tramped the ground beneath them and the sound of breaking branches and crackling leaves echoed in my head louder than a locomotive sounding its horn at a road crossing.
“NO!  Don’t go!” I screamed, running to Chad’s side and grasping his thick, sleek arm.  “You can’t abandon me like this!  You know what he’ll do to me if I’m out here alone when he shows up.”  My throat tightened around my words.  They had a hard time escaping when I said, “I need you,” in a low whisper.
The flexed muscles in his face softened as he stopped clenching his jaw.  His fists opening slowly.  Even his height seemed to lessen as his stance became less set upon leaving me here in the forest, out in the middle of nowhere, just as the sun was going down.
“Please?” I moaned, looking deep into his eyes and watching the lines across his brow smooth as his anger with me slowly melted away.
The muscles under the skin of his bare chest flexed.  His eyes closed as he inhaled deeply and exhaled with a slow sigh.  “If you only knew…,” he mumbled, barely audible against the sound of the forest around us.
“Knew what?” I asked softly, trying not to ignite his anger again just as he was calming down.
“Nothing.  Never mind.  Let’s just get this over with.  The cabin is just over this hill,” he pointed back behind me.  Without waiting on me to make a sound, he headed in that direction.
I made a mental note to revisit his previous comment after this was all over as I trampled, well, more like fumbled, through the underbrush that he led me into; no doubt on purpose just to make me even more miserable.  There was something he thought I didn’t know, and I’ve never liked people knowing anything about me that I didn’t.  It’s supposed to be the other way around.
Sure enough, when we reached the top of the hill I saw the cabin he was looking for in the hollow below.  The sun was setting behind us, engulfing the cabin in a giant shadow of scariness.  The protection of the sun would no longer be helpful once we stepped foot down there.
I know what you’re thinking, ’cause I was thinking the exact same thing.  If I’d been watching a horror movie (instead of starring in one) I would have been screaming at the theater screen, “You fucking idiot!  Don’t go in there!  You’re such a dead dumb ass that it’s not even funny!”  But what was I supposed to do?  Stand there and do nothing?  Let him get away with all he’d done to me? To Rick?  And especially Adele and Nurse Cathy?
No!  I knew what I had to do, and it didn’t involve dying like some stupid blonde in a cheesy horror flick.  However, it did involve going in there and taking care of business in the only way I could see doing it.
“Are you coming?  Or are you just going to stand there with a stupid look on your face?” Chad questioned.  
The look on his face told me that he was far less amused with me than usual.  In that very uncharacteristic moment, I didn’t bother making a snide remark.  I simply paid attention and followed his careful footsteps as he trekked down the hillside to the valley below.
Chad paused at the very distinct line between sunlight and shadow.  He glanced back at me as I stumbled over an upturned tree root.  His hand darting back to steady me.  A fleeting smile flashed across my face, and he let go of my hand so fast that I nearly lost my balance again.  Obviously he was still angry with me.
“Here we go, Liz,” he declared with a sigh.  “Are you sure that you wouldn’t rather handle this in another manner?”
“And what other manner would you recommend I handle this in?”  I wasn’t trying to be sarcastic, really, I wasn’t, but that was one stupid question.
He grumbled under his breath as he squatted and started digging around in his duffel bag.  A second later he tossed another round of ammunition in my direction.
“Nothing like crossing a line,” he grumbled, taking a large step over the clear line between light and dark.  Or in our case, possible life and death.  He stood on the dark side and peered back at me with wonder in his eyes.  I looked from him to the line on the ground, and then stepped over to the other side.
Chad didn’t bother to say anything else.  His stride became longer as we made it down to more level ground.  My heart was pounding faster than a freight train chugging along its tracks.  I could hear nothing but the beating of that one organ in my ears as my steady breathing increased into frantic panting.
Suddenly I felt overcome by something more than fear.  A buzzing in my brain and stirring in my stomach was enough for me to know that we were getting close to our person-of-interest.  The closer we got to the cabin the more I felt sick.  The salty, metallic taste of blood filled my mouth.  My stomach couldn’t take it any longer and I dashed behind a tree to empty its contents as quietly as possible.
Luckily Chad didn’t say a word when I came out from behind the poor tree I’d just violated profusely.  He handed me a rag to wipe my mouth with (I didn’t want to know what was already on there), and we moved forward.
We started to move forward, but a rustling to the left of us made us reassess our surroundings.  Chad quickly drew his weapon, causing me to feel the need to do the same.  He pointed the gun to the left of us, in the direction of a make-shift shed made from what looked like four bare trees in the corners with a few pieces of rusty tin across the top and three sides.
Chad took slow, meaningful strides in that direction, but when I began to follow he swatted his hand at me to stay put.  So with an unsteady weapon in my hands, I tried to convince my heart to stay inside my body.
The area around us didn’t look like it was well kept.  The cabin was small, and probably only used a few times a year for hunting season.  There were no power or phone lines this far out, and a worn out generator beside the old shed confirmed my suspicion that this wasn’t a regular residence for anyone.
The land around the cabin and shed was littered with a lot of items that would be better suited for the land field.  An old charcoal grill to the right of the cabin showed its age by the pile of ash beneath it.  The bottom was most definitely rusted out, leaving the grill unusable. Beside it sat a wooden picnic table that termites had feasted on for many years.
There was no visible driveway up to the cabin, though there was a rusted pickup truck peeking from behind the cabin.  If there had ever been a road in here it was long grown over by the numerous weeds, tall grasses, and young saplings covering the ground around us.  The land had obviously been cleared many years before as the saplings were only a few years old, but it appeared that no one cared for it any longer.
That’s the way it usually was in these mountains.  Families would build beautiful getaways in the woods for them and their friends to enjoy.  Then the original owners would grow older, pass away, and hand the land down to the younger generations who didn’t really care about the love their ancestors had put into these little homes in the mountains.  Leaving them abandoned and ignored out in the middle of nowhere.
Just as I was contemplating what I would do with such a piece of land if I owned it myself, shouts rose from the direction of Chad.  I was so startled by them that I stepped backward, tripped over a small tree, and the gun in my hand went off with a blast that rang my eardrums on my way down.
Everything moved in slow motion as I fell.  A young pine sapling scratched and scraped my bare arms as I slid past it.  My hands grasped the gun tighter than before.  I looked toward the heavens and then back toward Chad.  Before my back hit the ground, I saw him fall.
“Oh shit, I’ve killed him,” I whispered before the breath was knocked out of me by the earth below.

CHAPTER 23




Animals squealed, squawked, and scurried all around us as I scrambled to my feet and rushed to Chad’s side; stopping abruptly five feet from him.  He wasn’t moving.  Oh shit, he’s really dead!
I moved closer, taking light, cautious steps.  He was lying face down in the dirt, his body twisted at an odd angle with his face looking away from me.  My body went weak and slowly knelt down to my knees at his side.  My hand quivered as it reached to touch the back of his head.  
His hair was mere inches from my fingertips when he suddenly coughed, groaned, and rolled over to face me with profanities pouring out of his mouth faster than an auctioneer.
“Mother fucker, Liz!” he shouted.  “What the fuck were you doing?  I was simply going to tell you that there was a litter of pups in that shed!  God damn it!”  he growled as I helped him into a sitting position.
“I’m so sorry, Chad,” I gasped through tears.  My entire body was shivering and shaking from head to toe.  Unsteady hands tried to help him wipe away dirt from the wound, but they seemed to do more damage than good.
Chad’s face softened from angry, hurt, disgusted to sorrowful, and then regretful.  
“I’m sorry, Liz.  I didn’t mean to yell at you.  Seriously though,” he touched my quivering hand as it hovered over the wound I’d inflicted, “what were you doing?  I told you to be careful with that thing.”
I couldn’t respond with anything more than harder, louder sobs.  I couldn’t believe that I’d shot him.  I felt lower than low.  Yes, he’d been a cop, and yes, I knew that he’d been shot before.  However none of those wounds were my fault, and this one was!  I felt like dirt.
“Luckily, it appears to just be a flesh wound,” he grunted while examining his injured right arm.  A hankie appeared from his back pocket (when had he put that there?) and he carefully wiped away the blood that had been oozing from the wound.  “It could probably use a couple of stitches,” he started, but immediately stopped when he saw the horror on my face.
Stitches?  Holy shit, I’ve hurt him bad enough for stitches!
“But, don’t worry, I’ll live without stitches too,” his words unsure and stumbling.  “I’ll just have a scar.  Yeah, that’s it, just a scar.”  He smiled.  “We’ll just say you cattle branded me.  Cause that’s sure as hell what it feels like,” he chuckled weakly.
I helped him wrap his arm and get to his feet.  He pulled me along with his good arm and showed me a litter of nine brown puppies curled up in the back of the shed.  I felt even stupider for shooting him--though it was, of course, a complete accident--when I saw those cute, squirming mongrels.
Chad would live to see another day.  Well, if Marcus didn’t kill him first, and that was definitely a possibility.  Especially now that there was fresh blood flowing from his arm.  Idiot!
When we exited the shed, Chad looked at the house.  Tears finally stopped flowing freely and my heart slowed to something closer resembling its normal speed.  We were filthy and bloody now.  This trek out into the forest wasn’t going as well as I’d hoped.  Oh, and Chad relinquished my gun.  Yeah, like that was a surprise.
“I guess it’s time to get down to business.  We’re losing the light and he’ll be awake soon, right?”  Chad’s eyes questioned me more than his words.  
Apparently I was now the vampire expert.  Just because I’d been screwing one, fed from one, been fed on by one, and turns out was fathered by one… I must be an expert.  Well, okay, in all honesty, I probably should have been an expert.  A smarter, more sensible person probably would have done a ton of research, contacted the Vatican, or something, before chasing after a monster.  However, I am neither smarter, nor more sensible.  So there, take that!
My eyebrows arched and shoulders shrugged at Chad’s questioning face.  “Fine, let’s get this over with,” he grumbled reluctantly, slowly gathering his bag with his good arm.  I reached to pick up his fallen gun and he glared so hard at me that I backed away slowly and just watched him retrieve it himself.  He checked the gun’s ammunition before straightening himself and going into his hardened cop stance.  “Let’s go,” was all he had left to say before moving toward the cabin’s front door.  
All I could do was follow.
I knew this was all my fault.  Life had been much simpler before that night in the cemetery.  Before the letters from Adele and my mother‘s visit.  Yes, I had wanted more than this place, this life, this… well, just more.  But right now, I was wishing none of it had ever happened and I could just go to the bar, oblivious to this new hidden world of monsters.
The old wooden steps creaked and cracked under our weight as we carefully climbed up to reach the door.  Luckily, they held steady under our light and graceful footsteps--though Chad is large, towering, with gigantic hiking boots and I’m as graceful as a fattened hog at butchering season.
Chad put one finger to his lips as he approached the front door.  He apparently hadn’t forgotten the perfect cop stance with weapon drawn and eyes roaming in every direction around us.  It’s one thing to see that on television and in the movies, but in real life it’s something more powerful and quite alarming to watch.  He made me feel like we were surrounded by enemies and about to be shot in the back at any second.  Of course, it was completely possible that we were surrounded, though none of our enemies would bother with weapons.
There was only one window on the front of the house and it was to the left of the front door.  Chad moved to it slowly, the boards beneath his feet moaning and groaning, and peered inside.
“Can’t see a damn thing,” he grumbled, wiping the window with his bare hand to remove years of thick dirt and grime.
The light in the small valley was quickly waning.  Shadows were now non-existent, as there wasn’t even enough light to cast them.  Night was coming too fast for my liking.
He moved back toward the door, examined the lock for a moment, and then waved me back a few steps.  I watched as he stepped back, maneuvering himself just right, and then wham!  One good kick was all it took for us to gain entrance into the lair of evil.
“Stay behind me at all times,” he warned before allowing me to step back up behind him.  I nodded nervously.  Besides, he’s the one with the gun.  Where else would I stand?
Chad turned toward the open doorway and slowly crouched even lower and threw his bare back against the door frame.  
“Must you do that,” I whispered with faux disgust on my face.  “It reminds me of a badly scripted porn,” I chuckled as scenes from bad porn flicker through the back of my mind.  
A shirtless officer knocks on a door and is greeted by a housewife in only a slinky robe.  Good evening ma’am.  I’m here for a vi-o-layyy-tion.
The cabin was small; probably only about thirty feet separated the front wall from the back wall.  It was dim and dusty.  The air was stale and musty.  Dust particles took flight with each step.  
We were greeted by the living room/kitchen area.  It took up the entire left half of the cabin.  With the backdoor perfectly parallel to the front door on the other side of the room where the kitchen was.  
The living room had only a few wooden chairs centered around a round table that was situated in front of the one front window.  Centered on the left wall was a wood stove that had been placed in front of an even older fireplace opening.  That was probably done by hunters in order to be able to cook their meals easier, as the kitchen only housed a sink, some cabinetry, and a counter top for dressing their kills.
The floor of the entire room was made from old timber boards.  They creaked and moaned just as loudly as the steps outside.  The floor was uneven and had me on alert for possible ways to accidentally injure myself.  Have I mentioned how ungraceful I am?
Chad made his rounds around the room, checking every nook and cranny, every corner and cabinet door.  He found nothing more than a few old dishes, tarnished silverware, and clues that there was a family of rats living here, somewhere.
Chad’s stance straightened a bit, though he still held his weapon securely ahead of him.  He looked at me and shrugged his good shoulder.  It amazed me that he thought it’d be that easy to find Marcus.  He wasn’t going to be sitting there with a spot of tea waiting for guests to arrive.  I glanced at the three doors on the right side of the cabin.  Duh!
“I’d have to say two bedrooms and a bathroom.”  He nodded and proceeded to the door nearest to us.
Chad flanked the door frame on the right side and then motioned for me to stay back to the left.  With his weapon pointed to the ceiling, and a stern, forceful look on his face, he kicked the door open and shouted, “POLICE!”  The gun darted out ahead of him and turned in every direction humanly possible.
I slipped into the tiny room behind him, only to discover that it was a very empty, and dusty, bedroom.  It looked like no one had been in the room in a few decades.  Each step we took left distinct footprints in the thick dust that covered the entire floor like a gray blanket of dirty snow.
The room was simple, with only a cot, small door-less closet, and a black footlocker in the corner.  Chad checked the closet (even though you could clearly see that no one could hide in such a minute space) and even overturned the dusty cot to make sure no vampires were hiding beneath it.  I couldn’t help but shake my head and roll my eyes to the heavens at the thought.
After Chad cleared this room, he slowly led the way to the next.  This one was the bathroom.  Or maybe I should say indoor outhouse.  It was downright nasty and compact.  The smell was enough to make even Chad’s cast iron stomach turn a bit as he looked a little green around the edges.  “Something must have died in here,” he determined as he pushed his way past me and back into the less noxious air of the living area.
Two out of the three doors were a bust.  No vampire jumping out to eat us.  No monster hiding in the closet, under the bed, or in the shower (especially since there wasn’t a shower).  Now there was only one more door to investigate…
“What do you think?” Chad asked, worry creasing his forehead and darkening his eyes.
I shrugged and replied, “Your guess is as good as mine.  Maybe another bedroom?”
“Maybe,” he absently mumbled.  He checked his gun yet again, wiped his sweaty face, and then motioned for me to stay behind him as his hand slowly reached for the door knob.

CHAPTER 24




“Looks like the way to a root cellar,” Chad deduced from the thick aroma of earth and moisture that filled the small area.  A cool gust of wind flowed over my sweaty flesh as goosebumps made a swift appearance all over my body and a shiver ran down my spine like an electrical shock.
He took slow, meaningful steps down two of the creaking wooden stairs while keeping one hand behind him in an attempt to remind me to stay behind him.  “Grab the flashlight from my bag.”
I did as he asked and he shined the light into the darkness below.  From where we stood we could see an old stairway, barely big enough for one person to pass, leading down about thirty steps under the house.  The dirt walls and cracked, creaking wood stairs gave the area an air of death, without even taking the smell into account.  At the bottom was a closed door that matched the one I was currently standing next to.
“It’s unusual for a hunting cabin to have a root cellar, isn’t it?” I asked, unsure if that was a stupid question.  “And aren’t they usually outside the house?”
Chad took another step lower, while continuing to motion for me to stay put in the doorway.  “Yeah, it is, and they are,” was all he had to say.
Another step turned into yet another step, and another step, until he was halfway down the staircase.  His serious gaze turned to bore holes into me when I stepped down onto the top stair.  “No, Liz!  Stay up there!” he hissed with the ferociousness of a rattlesnake. 
My step faltered at the suddenness of his demand, but then my true nature shined through.  “Fuck you, Chad.  You know damn well why we’re here and I’m not staying up here while you attempt to solve my problem yourself.  So there!”
“Fine!  Be stupid then!” he shouted.  I pushed myself past his muscular, bare chest, sliding my hand across his perfectly toned abdomen as I moved by, and he shoved the flashlight at me.  “Do it yourself then, Miss Stubborn Ass!”
I greedily snatched the flashlight from his hand and marched my ass right down those creaking, cracking stairs all the way to the bottom, only to come to an abrupt stop when a loud thud came from the other side of the lower door.  “He’s in there!” I panicked.  
The beating of my heart increased by one hundred percent and my lungs felt like they’d explode when I started gasping for air, and not feeling like enough of it entered my body easily.  My vision went blurry and I felt lightheaded.  The memory of Marcus standing outside my bedroom trying his damnedest to get inside made my insides convulse with fear.
“Okay, that’s it.  You get behind me, now.  We’re not playing the ‘Who’s the better hero?’ game today.  We’ll do that tomorrow if you’re up to it, but today the one with the gun is in charge… and that’s me.”  Chad took the flashlight from my trembling hand, pulled his gun with the other and gently glided past me.  His musky scent filled my senses and, for a second, blocked out the smell of dirt all around us.
“Now, I want you to stay right here.  Okay?”  I nodded and he carefully positioned me to sit on the bottom step.  “I mean it, Liz, stay here.  I’m just going to see what’s in there.  Could just be that family of rats, or maybe a raccoon.  Okay?”  I nodded, but we both knew he was lying.  
He knew it was Marcus in there just as well as I did.  I could feel him.  He was on the other side of the door listening to us.  He could sense my thoughts.  I felt him trying to get inside my head like he’d done before.
“Don’t go, Chad.  You won’t come back if you go in there.”  A thick layer of tears filled my eyes as my fear of Marcus, for Chad, came to a level higher than anything else in my life at that moment.  
A small smile settled on Chad’s lips.  He knelt in front of me, took my trembling hands in his, and leaned in close.  Then, he placed a light kiss on my lips.  A surge of energy started in my tingling lips and moved down my entire body until finally settling in just the right spot below the waistline.  This time the goosebumps weren’t from the cool air swirling around us.
My hands moved involuntarily in the direction of his neck--ready to curve right around him--but he darted straight up and turned toward the door once again.  “Stay there.  I’ll be back in a minute.”  His voice had a light tremble to it even though he was trying his hardest to hold onto the small sliver of authority he had over me.
Another thud sounded from behind the door.  Chad placed the flashlight under his arm long enough to check his gun again.  He pulled back the hammer, slide the flashlight into position beside the gun, holding one in each hand, and pointed the weapon and beam of light at the closed door.  
With one last glance and smile in my direction, he kicked the door with his big, booted foot and it swung wide open, bashing into the wall and bouncing back halfway.  The loudness of the door jolted me from my seat.  It didn’t faze Chad though.  He took slow steps toward the door until he was just over the threshold.
My feet moved slowly in his direction.  I knew I shouldn’t.  I knew that I’d be better off simply turning and running back up the cellar stairs and into the wide, open forest beyond this rank, stale cabin.  Nevertheless, there was something pulling me into that room, and I knew it was Marcus.  He was there.  He’d already declared me as his, and he was damn well determined to have me, one way or another.
Chad swung the flashlight from one side of the room to the other.  I peered just far enough inside to see that it was indeed an old root cellar.  The walls were dirt and old, wooden shelves lined them.  Most of the shelves were bare, but a few still held jars of some leftover vegetables that would probably disintegrate as soon as air hits them.
Chad turned to face me after he’d satisfied his curiosity, “There’s nothing in here.  It really must have been a raccoon, or something.”  His face lightened with humor for a second.
A gust of wind came blowing out the door.  My hair went wild and flew in my eyes just long enough to make me blink.  In that tiny speck of time that an eye takes to blink, I felt Marcus’s tongue move up the side of my neck and he whispered, “Mmm, thanks for bringing lunch, my beloved.”  When my eyes opened again Chad was gone and the door slammed closed with only inches from taking off the fingers on my left hand that had been grasping the door frame.
My fists beat the door with the fierceness of patients in an insane asylum.  The sounds coming from my throat were more animalistic than human.  “Chad!” I screamed at such a high treble that it was nearly unbearable to my own ears and dogs around were probably perking up theirs in piqued interest.  
“Marcus!  Please stop!  Don’t hurt him!  Please, Marcus!”  I had no fear for myself.  All I could see was Chad and my need to protect him from the monster I’d welcomed into all of our lives.
From the sounds on the other side of the door Chad wasn’t giving up without a fight either.  Shouting and a gunshot helped to entertain that small amount of optimism the size of a peanut that was still left in the back of my mind.  Unfortunately, that peanut quickly dwindled to the size of a pin head when sickening thuds from Chad’s body being thrown against the unyielding cellar walls and bouncing off the door in front of me combined with a cackle from Marcus.  And then everything went silent.
Not a sound came through the door.  I leaned in close and placed an ear against the wood.  Nothing.  The knob creaking objectively as I turned it slowly.  My brow furrowed at the noise.  Though I didn’t know why I was trying to be quiet since Marcus obviously knew I was here, and sneaking up on him was as impossible a task as keeping a dog away from a raw steak.
The knob turned easily and the door creaked open like the ones you see in horror movies.  Yep, gonna lose my head as soon as I step in there.  I am one of those stupid blondes that you yell “Run away!” at as her head rolls across the floor and her eyes blink one last time.  
My mind wondered for just that millisecond and I disgusted myself with the thoughts.  “Ugh,” I sighed, and pushed the door open a little more; daring fate to keep my head attached to my neck.
Step by step, closer and closer, I inched inside the room.  I was fully expecting the door to slam behind me once I was far enough inside.  When it didn’t, I took that as a good sign and moved forward.  It was dark and damp down here.  The temperature was at least ten degrees cooler than up top in the cabin.  The flashlight laid on the floor, illuminating the cellar just enough that I could see decently after blinking a few times.
A rustling noise drew my attention to the corner on my left.  A light breeze attuned my body to Marcus as he slid up behind me and whispered, “Come in, my beauty.”  My body contracted with a shiver as his icy fingertips gracefully traced my arm from wrist to shoulder.
Then the door slammed shut.  Took you long enough.
He moved around behind me, squeezing, rubbing, stroking one area or another of my body as he moved.  Chad’s muffled cries pulled my eyes back to the corner on my left.  He was in a shadowed corner and I couldn’t see him, but I knew it was him.  Marcus’s rock hard body stopped me cold in my tracks when I tried to go to him.
“Why Liz, my sweet, you wound me,” Marcus hissed, leaning forward toward my right ear.  His mouth only inches from the throbbing vein in my neck that he’d already tasted on a few occasions.  “You come for a visit, but prefer to direct all of your attention to the livestock instead of me.  I’m hurt,” he faux pouted before kissing me lightly on the cheek.
A tingle of longing teased my senses in a manner that I knew was utterly inappropriate given the circumstances.  He did have Chad strung up in the corner, after all.
“It’s all genetics, my dear Liz.  What you feel when you’re around me is what you were born to feel for me.”  He walked around the room, with his arms out wide, like a king showing off his dominion.  “You’re all mine, whether you want to admit that, or not.”
I blinked back in Chad’s direction.  There was finally enough light, or maybe my eyes were just adjusted enough for that darker area of the cellar, to see his limp body swinging by his wrists from shackles suspended from a large wooden beam on the cellar’s ceiling.  He was weak, moaning, blood was dripping down over his shirtless chest.  There was too much distance between us to tell if they were from bites or cuts and abrasions from the fight.
Marcus inhaled deeply and I flashed my eyes back to him in an attempt to keep his attention off of Chad.  He sighed.  “Such a sorrowful look on that lovely face,” he crooned with a stroke of his hand across my cheek.  His eyes stared longingly into mine.  For an instant, a very short instant, I thought I saw love behind those harsh, icy blue eyes.  But only for an instant… 
“Thank you for dinner, my beauty,” he boomed.  The moment had past.  “And such a fine specimen of cattle, too!  Are you staying for a bite?” His upper lip curled into a sneer at his own sideways humor.  I didn’t find it funny in the least.
There was only one thing Marcus wanted, and at that moment it wasn’t Chad.  I watched as Chad lost consciousness.  I knew what had to be done, and it was better that Chad wasn’t awake to see it.
“You want me, Marcus?”  I asked, his unnatural eyes growing wide with curiosity.  “Then, you can have me.”

CHAPTER 25




It’s just one last time.  Just this last time.  No more than this.  Just a sendoff.  Just to keep him from killing Chad.
He circled me like a vulture scoping out his upcoming meal.  Fingers slid up my bare arms and a chill darted through my core.  A shiver pulsated from my arm, through my chest, into my stomach, and continued below the waist; at the one spot he wanted to effect the most.  A reluctant moan made an attempt at escaping my throat, but I caught it with a cough.
Even after everything, I wanted him… and he knew it.
“Remember the graveyard,” he cooed.  His cool breath hissing from between his teeth tickled the fine hairs on the inside of my ear and added to the non-stop shiver that tormented my body.  “It was so much fun watching you out there with your friend.”
“Didn’t your mother teach you that it’s not nice to spy on others?” I quipped, trying to stay calm.  My body ached for him.  I knew that all it would take was a tiny suggestion on his part and I’d be his forever.  My body buzzed like a swarm of angry bees protecting their hive.
Any hint of love, kindness, guilt, regret from him would be enough for me to abandon everything for him.  I couldn’t understand why I felt such an extreme case of devotion to him.  It made absolutely no sense at all, and yet it was there, eating me alive.
“I killed my mother,” he replied.
All hope for love was lost…
I cried.
Not just cried, but full on, body shaking, sobbing uncontrollably cried.  The emotions my body had been consumed by since the day Marcus arrived had all piled up inside of me to the point of overflowing.  I couldn’t keep them in any longer; the damn broke.
I squalled louder than I’d heard anyone squall before.  Marcus backed away in surprise and I fell to the floor in a clump of tears and a heart that had been shattered into a million pieces, never to be put back together again.
“Oh. No. Don’t do that,” Marcus mumbled in shock.  “Why?  Why are you crying like that?” he demanded to know.
I answered with more sobbing.  What else was I supposed to do?  Mentally, I knew it was craziness.  I’d never been one for public displays of emotion (emotions, not affections, obviously).  Tears were better kept at home where no one could see your weakness and use it against you.  Not only that, but he was a killer!
Yet physically, the pain was so terrible, so uncontrollable, so… well, it was bad.  I’d have to like it to the feeling of losing the love of your like in a senseless accident.  That feeling of pure terror at never feeling their touch; never hearing their professions of love for you; never seeing them smile just one more time.
My body lost that which it longed for the most.  I’d only known him for a few days, but he had a hold on me that I couldn’t break free from.
Marcus’s handsome face softened.  He came down to where I was now laying in the fetal position.
“Don’t cry, my beauty.  My mother died quickly.  She felt no pain.  Well, okay, she felt a little pain,” he chuckled.
I wailed louder.
Marcus blurred from sight and returned a second later with a handkerchief.  I have no idea where he had it stashed, but he tenderly wiped my tear-covered face and kissed my forehead.
“Shhh, now.  There’s no reason for all this noise and nonsense.  If you care this much…” he glanced in Chad’s direction, “I’ll not have your pet for dinner.”
He assumed that my tears were for Chad.  Hope flickered throughout my mushy brain.  The sobbing calmed and my shaking body slowly stilled itself.  I was able to push myself up into a sitting position.
“Really?” I sniffled.
Marcus wiped my face again and then handed the hankie to me.  “Blow,” he ordered.  I did, and handed it back to him.  “Keep it,” he smiled.  “You may want something to remember me by.”
He caressed my cheek; stinging the flesh like a fire ant bite.  I pulled away from him, rubbing my cheek where it burned.  What the hell was that?  From his eyes he was having the same thought cross his mind.
He reached out to touch me again, but instincts took over and I pulled away.  I slid back across the dirt floor, scooting up against the nearest wall.  He followed each movement, ending up in front of me again.  He reached out to touch me again and I flinched.  This time I had nowhere left to retreat and he accomplished a gentle glide down the tip of my nose.  
My body trembled throughout.  My nose felt like I’d instantly received a very nasty sun burn from a day on the lake.  I cried out in pain.  His hand should have been cool, frigid, icy, but instead it was like being stroked by a red-hot fire poker after having shoved it into the flames.
My body was rejecting him!  He’d broken my heart, and now I was denying him.
“What…” 
“I don’t know,” I stuttered.  He reached out again.  “No!” I shouted, holding up my hands to shield my face from his painful touch.  “Don’t touch me again!”
Marcus retreated a couple of feet away from me, though he stayed crouched down to my level.  Worry flashed across his beautiful face, turning it more hideous by the second.  His features changed right before my eyes.  He was the handsome Marcus I’d longed so painfully for one second, and then I saw the true monster he actually was the next.  It wasn’t that his face changed shape or anything, but more like my vision had cleared; the love-colored glasses had been shattered to bits, along with my heart.  I didn’t want him any longer.
My resolve returned.  Common sense arrived with a friend… the old Liz!  My body stiffened; I stood, dusted myself off, and stared at the man, monster, demon across from me.
“You’re not afraid of me, are you?” Marcus asked.
“No, I’m not.  I haven’t been since that night in the cemetery.”
“Would you like to know why?” he asked calmly.
I nodded, “Yeah, if you don’t mind.”
“It’s the mark.  The one on your hip.”  A raised eyebrow prodded him to continue.  “It’s my mark, my hold over you.  You aren’t supposed to fear or hate the one who you’re marked by.  I own your life, love, soul… until the day you die.  Or I do.”
“After the way I’ve been feeling, I can believe it.  Who gave you the right to walk in and fuck my life up?  I certainly never agreed to be bound to your forever.”
“It was your father, Gregory, your real father,” he answered.  “He gave me the right.”
“No--” I started.
“Yes, you had a father named Gregory.” he butted in.
“I know.”
“You know?” he asked, confused at the knowledge I held.  “How?”
“The how isn’t important.  I know all about Gregory, and the fact that he was a vampire like you.  I know you were there when he seduced my mother.  I know he came for a visit the night I was born.  I know all of that.  What I want to know is, why?  Why me?  Why now?”  I paused a second, “And why do I now feel nothing but disgust when I look at you?”
Marcus turned his back to me.  A hand stroked his chin as he paced and mumbled to himself.  “Interesting.  He warned me, but I never thought it was true.”
“What was true?”  Annoyance and a desire to finish this had me scanning the cellar for an escape route.
Marcus swung around at me.  He blurred and stopped inches from my face.  I flinched at the thought of him touching me again.
“He told me to always be careful with you.  He said you’d be my destruction if I wronged you.  I didn’t know what that meant, nor did I believe that a pitiful Dhampiresa would be my downfall.  You loved me from the moment I invaded your dreams.  And what lovely dreams…” he glanced down at my breasts, licking his lips and the tips of his fangs, “you have, my dear.
“Ugh.  Back away, dude!”  I shoved his chest, risking scalded palms, but worth getting him to back off.  Unfortunately, he didn’t budge, but my hands didn’t sting either.  Clothes, I thought.  It’s skin-to-skin contact that hurts.
Marcus sneered and walked away.  “Now I see what went wrong.  It’s all about that connection; keeping the slave happy enough to do anything for me.  Now I know what to do next time.”  He winked and smiled at his happy revelation.
“It’s true,” I started, walking toward him.  “I did love you from that night.  I wanted nothing and no one but you, Marcus.  I would’ve devoted my entire being to only you.  Gone where you wanted, done anything you asked, loved you ’til the day you killed me.”
I stepped closer to him, knowing I’d have to feel more pain to stop this.  “There’s just one thing, one thing that you haven’t learned in all your years…” I paused, glanced at Chad hanging on the other side of the room.  “You don’t know how to love back!” 
“That may be true,” he growled.  “But I know how to control, and that’s enough when it comes to you poor, pitiful humans.”
“You forget yourself,” I scoffed.  “I’m half vampire, too!”
“Yes, but only by genetics.  You have no powers, you’re weak, useless.  I don’t know why Gregory insisted on giving you to me.  Not when he has hundreds of other offspring throughout the world that I could have chosen from.”
What? Siblings?
“Do you even know what happened at the bar?  Do you even remember where we went, what we did, what we discussed?  Or has your simple, human brain hidden that from you?  The only reason I took you that night was because you’re supposed to be powerful.  Humans can’t take it; their brains explode... literally.”  He looked smug and happy with himself.  “At least yours didn’t explode, so you have a little power.”
I ignored his questions.  I knew he’d done something, and I hoped the answers would come to me in the future.  For now, I just wanted to rid myself of him.
He wrapped his right arm around my waist and pulled me against him.  He had a bulge in his pants that he made sure to press tightly against me.  It had no appeal any longer though.  “I can say one thing for you, you’re certainly a great lay,” he snarled.
The sex had been great; there was no denying that.  I certainly wouldn’t have rejected him, ever, if things had gone differently.
I leaned my lips toward him.  His body relaxed in anticipation.  I stopped close enough that the tips of our noses almost touched, and whispered, “All you had to do was show love, remorse, something that kept my heart locked to you.  It was time to prove yourself to me.  Time to show me you cared about something, someone other than your own self.  You couldn’t even do that much though.  As much as I loved you, my heart can’t take it any longer.”
He sighed, opened his mouth to speak, but stopped when my tongue slipped out and slide across his lips.  “Good bye, Marcus,” I whispered.  “It’s time for me to show you something.  To prove myself to you, and me.  It’s time for death.”
His eyes grew wide with terror and I crushed my lips to his.  
At the same instance, I pushed a sharp piece of a broken wooden shelf into his chest.
I held tightly against the pain.  He broke free of my mouth and roared with all his might.  I jumped up against him and our bodies fell to the floor.  He squirmed and screamed beneath me as I straddled him, shoving the wood deeper into him.  He bucked, wiggled, flung his arms and legs.  
I dodged a fist and jumped up.  The depth of the wood in his chest happily satisfied me, and hoped like hell that the tale of staking a vampire was true.
“Lizbeth!” he shouted.  “Why?”  
I stood back and watched as his body slowly melted.  First his hands, working its way up his arms, then his feet and legs went to mush.  His torso, chest, neck, and then, in the middle of a scream, his face melted away.  All that was left was a pile of clothes filled with a goopy pile of sludge.
“Ugh,” I snorted in disgust.
Marcus was dead.  It was over.
I looked around the dirty, smelly, tiny room.  “Chad.”  He was still hanging there.  His head was lolling around as he tried to regain consciousness.  I ran across the room to him, grabbing at his wrists, trying to release him.  Luckily, Marcus had only secured the shackles with two metal pins (why would a vampire bother with buying padlocks?), so I removed them and helplessly allowed Chad to fall to the floor.  At least I was able to cushion his fall, with my body.  Ouch!
I pushed him over and off of me.  “Chad,” I smacked him on the cheek.  “Wake up.  It’s over,” I shared gleefully.
A weird smell caught my attention.  I looked back at the slime previously known as Marcus and saw that it was smoking.  Wafts of black, thick smoke came off the pile of sludge.
“Chad, come on.  We’ve gotta get out of here!”  
I pulled at his arms.  He moaned, his eyes fluttered open.  “Liz?”  He looked around us and back to me, “Where…”
No time.  We gotta go.”  I heard a sizzle from Marcus’s body.  It was on fire now!  “Get up!” I shouted, pulling upward.  
Chad stumbled to his feet.  He looked at the fire and back to me.  I nodded and aimed us in the direction of the stairs.
We made it out of the cabin and up on the hillside before flames engulfed the entire house.  I explained what had happened as we watched the house burn to the ground.  The early rays of morning light were coming across the sky when we finally got up and headed for the Jeep.  The cabin was gone, and most of the weeds and young saplings had gone down with it.
“It’s over,” I whispered as I climbed behind the steering wheel and started back down the mountain.

*    *    *

I stared at the green and yellow box sitting on my bathroom counter top, while clumps of wet hair surrounded my feet on the cold, tile floor.  The egg timer on the toilet tank counted the seconds as I waited for the required thirty minutes to pass.  I checked the box again, "Yep, thirty minutes," I told myself.
It had been two weeks since I killed Marcus.  Two weeks since the last time someone attempted to invade my mind.  These last two weeks had been quiet, peaceful, and almost heavenly.
Rick had gotten out of the hospital in just a few days after Marcus had strung him up in the forest.  He'd needed blood, some stitches, and nourishment, but all in all he was perfectly fine.  I was forever grateful that Marcus had only used him to attract me, rather than really wanting to kill him.

Chad was all well and good.  We hadn’t spoken about what happened since we watched the fire burn itself out.  He’d smile at me when he walks by at the bar, but our communications had gone back to normal, with only the occasional exchange of words.
Rick and Susan had taken over the bar these last two weeks.  They haven't even allowed me to come for a visit.  I'd been banned for at least two weeks, so today was my last day off.  What better time for a change?
The egg timer seemed to be slowing.  Time wasn't ticking away as quickly as I wanted.  The smell from the chemical mixture burned my nose the longer I stayed in the tiny bathroom.  With a towel wrapped around my shoulders so I wouldn’t get anything on my clothes, I went to the kitchen and grabbed a chocolate candy bar (the one with caramel and nuts.  Yum!) and a soda full of caffeine.
“Might as well dose up on sugar and caffeine on my last day off,” I told Tara as she stared up at me with a condemning look in her eyes.
I took my snack to the living room and settled at the coffee table.  My laptop was opened up to Google, but I minimized the page and popped up my e-mail in-box instead.  I hit the button and watched as a box popped up telling me I had more messages than I cared to read.  I sat back, popped the top of the soda and proceeded to unwrap the chocolate bar while waiting.
The computer chimed, letting me know all the messages had been received, just as the phone rang.
“Hello,” I said, trying to swallow the big bite of caramel and chocolate in my mouth.
“Hey Liz.  It’s me, Chad.”
“I know your voice, Chad,” I snickered.
“Um, yeah, well.  So, I just wanted to call, and, well…”
“What is it?  Is something wrong at the bar?” Maybe they needed me to come back today instead of tomorrow.
“Oh, no.  The bar’s fine.  I just wanted to say…”
“Say what?  Spit it out,” I insisted, swallowing a swig of soda.
“Yeah, well, I just wanted to say that I’m with you.  If anything ever happens again, well, I’m there for you.”
Was he declaring his allegiance, or something?  “Um, okay, Chad.  I appreciate that.  Of course, I am hoping nothing like that ever happens again, but if it does, I certainly want you by my side.”  
I paused, took another bite of chocolate, and then a thought struck.  “Besides, who else would have the balls to stand beside me and risk getting accidentally shot?”
Chad laughed loudly, louder than I’ve ever heard him laugh before, and said, “Okay then.  I just wanted to let you know.  I’ll let you get back to what you were doing.  See you tomorrow, right?”
“Oh yes, I’ll be there.  My two week time-out is over after today.”
“Okay then, see you there!” he said, and we hung up.
I finished off the last two bites of the chocolate bar and downed another swig of soda before returning my attention to the numerous e-mail messages awaiting me.
“Spam, junk, garbage…”  I deleted message after message before coming to one that looked interesting.  “Hmm, what do we have here?”
Tara came over and started rubbing on my ankles and purring loudly.  “Not now, kitty.  Go away.”  She flopped down on her back, but I ignored her.
The e-mail’s subject line said Regarding your recent murder.
“What the hell?”


Dear Ms. Baker,

Congratulations on your recent murder of the vampire Marcus Vroc.  In sight of your victory against such a contemptible monster, we’d like to offer you a position in our database of slayers.

If you’re interested, I’d like to make an appointment for you to come visit us in Atlanta at your earliest convenience.  We have lots to learn about one another, and there are instructors available to you anytime, day or night, while you’re here.

I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Sincerely,
Cole McIntosh


“Well, that’s intriguing,” I sighed.  My finger placed the mouse pointer over the delete button of the e-mail.  I wasn’t sure if I should delete it, or not.  I did need to go to Atlanta soon, just to see the estate that Adele had given me in her will.
I raised my finger and planned to drop it down onto the button.  Yet, “What if…”
“Just do it,” someone said.
“Mom?”  I looked around the room; there was no sign of a liquid force field.  “Is that you?”  I hadn’t summoned Mom at all since that first time she showed up.  After Marcus’s death, I wanted to forget everything that had happened.  Then I simply didn’t think to call her.
“Just go, Lizabeth.  You need them,” Mom replied.
I looked down at Tara sprawled at my feet.  I leaned over and rubbed her soft, smooth belly.  She purred and swatted at my hand with her front paws.
I heard the egg timer in the bathroom ding, letting me know that my hair was now a glorious shade of red.  “Looks like I’m going to Atlanta, after I rinse this smelly stuff out.”
I closed the laptop and picked up the phone.
He answered promptly on the second ring. 
“Chad, I need you to come with me to Atlanta.  We have a job to do.”

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Christie Silvers is an award-winning, internationally published independent author who has been writing since early childhood. She was born and raising in north Georgia, where she still resides with her husband and three daughters writing about what she loves: Monsters! She loves anything paranormal, but is particularly interested in vampires and werewolves.

When she isn't writing, Christie enjoys conversing with her worldwide fan base via Facebook and Twitter, reading books in the same genre she writes, and binge watching on Netflix.

You can find out more about Christie by visiting her website and/or Facebook page at:

http://www.ChristieSilvers.com
http://www.facebook.com/authorchristiesilvers


Also by Christie Silvers


LIZ BAKER SERIES
Time For Death
Kill Me Next Week
Killer Intentions
Haunted by Death
Death Howls Twice
To Kill a Demon

ALEX & FIONA SERIES

A Midnight Infatuation
A Birth at Dawn
A Twilight Abduction
Alex & Fiona Forever: The Complete Series

PENNY MONTAGUE SERIES

Devastating Sorrow

SHORT STORIES

Dark Promises: A Novella
Death Reflected (A Liz Baker Short)

