To Shadow Bound
Susan Skylark

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2015 Susan Skylark
Revised 2018



Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.



A Brief Note on Reading Order for the ‘Chronicles of the Brethren:’ you may pick up any book in the series and begin reading, but for maximum enjoyment, it is suggested by the author to begin with ‘The Serpent and the Unicorn’ and then read the ‘In Shadow’ series in order, this is the second book of the series.  “The Shadow of the Unicorn” is the first book in the series and should be read first.



Table of Contents:

The Hunt:
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8

The Mortal:
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8

The Betrayal:
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6

The Forgotten:
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7

Excerpt from “Shadows Fall,” book III of ‘In Shadow’
Other books, website, etc.
Excerpt from “The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book III”
Excerpt from “The Greylands: Volume II”
‘By Candlelight,’ a story from “Over the Hills and Far Away”
Excerpt from “On Heroes: A Foible”
In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea (excerpt from ‘Of Tea... and Things’)



The Hunt:




1

The wagon lurched into motion, leaving a grim and horrified crowd in its wake.  Nothing like it had ever happened before in the history of Astoria and all hoped it would never happen again.  Kent watched the vehicle vanish into the city, bearing with it all sense of right and good to be buried in some unmarked grave, never to be remembered more, or so it felt, for how could the world go on after such inexplicable evil in the very heart of Astoria?  He had dedicated his life to order, honor, justice, and peace, yet two men he had once esteemed as the epitome of those very precepts now lay dead: one murdered and the other executed for the crime.  With a heavy heart he withdrew into the heart of the keep, praying desperately for some answer, to make some sense of the situation, but he fell asleep with no answers and no consolation to his grieving heart.
His dreams were dark and terrible, his deepest fears and griefs come to life.  He walked in a misty world of darkness with fear at his side, an unwelcome companion upon a road he did not wish to traverse.  Something howled in the darkness and answers came from every direction; grim eyes like embers glowed malevolently out of the night dark mist.  Kent shivered and reached for his sword, the cold familiar weight little comfort in his hand, for it was little defense against such foes and none at all against the Voices.
One hissed, “where is justice now?”
Another mocked, “you dedicated your life to this cause, is this what you wanted?”
“Where is your Master, on this most tragic of days?” jeered yet another.
Laughed a fourth, “is this all there is?”
Kent dropped his sword and put his hands over his ears, trying to block out the taunting scorn in those hideous Voices, but they still echoed in his mind, driving him to his knees, tears of horror and dread in his eyes, praying that they could not possibly be right, but there came no answer, only the Voices.  They mocked and jeered at him, laughed in contempt at all he was and had ever done or hoped to do, slowly drawing closer, their eyes like furious stars in the shrouding mist.  He had no hope of survival, he knew that, they would taunt him, mock him, try and break him, and then they would devour him utterly, unless he despaired of all he had ever believed and joined ranks with them.  He was on his face, weeping like a forsaken child alone in the night, their taunts and mockery ringing true: where was the Master now?  Where was hope amid despair, life in the midst of death, light in the darkness?  It had been promised but it had not come; it would not come, so laughed the fiends.
Suddenly the Voices began to whisper in agitation, an uneasy tremor ran through them like wind in the grass; their scorn was suddenly replaced by terror and they fled, not far, but Kent could no longer smell their fetid breath, like rotten carrion, cold upon his face.  He dared to look up, and for a moment a far different terror seized his heart, for another apparition stood before him, this one invoking dread of another kind.  Which fate was worse, he could not then determine: to be set upon by the fiends and torn asunder or to forever wander the world, a ghost without rest or home.  For that is what stood before him, a ghost, in all its haunting splendor.  He saw a man, a man he once knew, a man he saw murdered that very day, but then again, he was not the man he had always known, for he glowed slightly with a light not of this world, and it was this that had caused the unease amongst the Voices and driven them momentarily from their prey.
“Can you stand?” came the familiar voice, but Kent merely buried his face again in the muddy turf.  The voice came again, more insistent but also far more gently, as a mother caught in a tender moment with her little one, “you must stand or the fiends will soon be upon you.”
“He is ours!” wailed a Voice in the night.
Came another, “you cannot steal him thus!”
With a shiver of dread, Kent flew to his feet, recovering his sword as he did so, setting himself in a defensive stance with the ghost before him, but glancing nervously off into the night whither the Voices had fled.  Said he in terror, “you are dead Baye.”
Baye smiled easily at him, “perhaps.”
The sheer incongruity of that statement for a moment drove the fear from Kent’s mind as he frowned in consternation, “what does that mean?  Either you are or you are not, you can’t have it both ways!”
Baye grinned in amusement, “well then I am not dead, as you can obviously see.”
Kent stared, “I watched you die!”
“Yes,” said Baye, a slight smile on his face, “but it was not the first time nor will it be the last.”
Kent shook his head in confusion, “how can you be so relaxed about death in general and the scandalous manner of your own in particular?”
Baye grew grave, “is that what is bothering you?”
“Bothering me!” Kent wailed, “It has almost been my undoing!  Do you know how the Voices have taunted and how my own uneasy heart has quailed in horror that they might be right?  Everything I once believed, all that I stood for, has come to naught!  To see two men I once respected meet such an end?”
Baye shook his head sadly, “I am sorry it has vexed you so, but I suppose that is part of the reason I am here.”  He glanced into the darkness significantly, “besides for the obvious problem of your fiendish companions of course.”  A mischievous look entered his eyes as his hand glowed so intensely that Kent was forced to look away or go blind, continued Baye as if nothing of interest were happening, “we’ll let the perpetrator of your disquiet speak for himself.”
There came a brilliant flash and when Kent could again see, Jace stood there looking rather perplexed.  He flashed the smugly grinning Baye a look of surprise, quickly assessed the situation, and then turned back to Baye, “what are we doing out here in the dark?  I thought you were trying to be more sensible on occasion?”
Baye grinned all the more, “Kent here is vastly troubled by the happenings of the day so I thought it appropriate if you explain matters to his satisfaction, cold blooded killer that you are, and as to the latter, this is not one of those occasions.”
Jace gave him a patient look, but turned troubled eyes upon the astonished Kent, “I am sorry matters have so unsettled you, but things are certainly not as they seem.”
Kent gaped, “that is an understatement!  You broke Oath!  You murdered your friend and mentor!  You were justly executed for your crimes, yet you stand here bantering as if nothing of consequence has happened!  I nearly lost faith because of you.”
Jace gazed off into the darkness, “yes, they can have that effect on people, especially upon one who is afraid or uneasy in his heart.  You did well to resist them.”  He looked soberly at Kent, “has anything ever been ‘normal’ in your interactions with me?”
Kent smiled in spite of himself, “I cannot say yes to that and you know it.  From the moment of our first meeting, uncanniness has wrapped itself about you like a cloak!”
Jace nodded, “precisely, so it should not unsettle you much more to see the things you have seen this day.”  He turned amused eyes upon Baye, “Adan once saw this villain run me through the heart with his sword and then stand over my fallen corpse in gloating triumph, the very first day of my apprenticeship in fact.”
Baye said patiently, “it was not in gloating triumph, I was just happy you had finally mastered the skill I was trying to teach you; I thought you would never learn and we might be thus engaged until the end of time!”
Jace grinned impishly but sobered as he faced Kent, “as you can see, there is far more to the matter than you can as of yet ascertain, but know that I committed no true evil or rendered any permanent harm, but rather we played out this little drama at the Master’s behest.”  He said quietly, “He said that my former self must die, and die it did, in flaming ignobility in fact, that and Baye was also of an age that he should no longer be walking the mortal earth any longer, at least as himself.”
Kent shook his head, “I understand none of this.”
Baye grinned, “you are not supposed to, unless you want to be a part of our perplexing little conspiracy?”
Kent said with wide eyes, “I have no wish whatsoever!”  He smiled apologetically at Jace, “whatever it is that you have embroiled yourself in, I have no wish to partake.  I cherish order, predictability, and routine, not the chaos and disorder that seem to surround you and yours.”  He eyed Baye soberly, “you have my word that what I have seen shall never be broached to another.”  He smiled slightly in relief, “but at least you have managed to allay my worst fears and misgivings in regards to today’s events; the Master is fully in control of the situation and therein I shall be content.”  He glanced nervously off into the darkness, “what of them?”
Jace drew his sword and said grimly, “leave them to me, but if you wish no part in this, I suggest you run as fast and as far as you can in the opposite direction, throw yourself into the deepest ditch you can find and cover your eyes.”
Kent looked questioningly at Baye, who said, “this is no dream lad, the unmaking of these fiends may well loose powers no mortal flesh can withstand; you had best do as he says lest you find yourself unmade.”
Kent mouthed the word ‘unmade,’ in astonishment, but bowed deeply to them both and then fled with all haste.  Baye gave Jace, who now wore Kent’s likeness, a final salute before following after the fugitive to see that he got away safely; Jace dashed into the darkness, whence the Voices had fled.  They were upon him immediately, shadowy wolves with glowing eyes that stank of death and the grave.  They mocked and taunted, hissed and tempted, thirsting for his blood, willing or unwilling.  He said nothing but let them approach, daring them to do their worst.  Sensing they could extract no more terror or despair from this particular soul and knowing it would not willingly yield itself to them, they leapt upon it as one, only too late learning their fatal error, for this was not the soul they were sent to destroy, but rather it had been sent to unmake them.  As their teeth sank into the man’s vulnerable flesh, an awful light was loosed, obliterating them all.
Kent ran as fast and as far as he could, running blindly in the dark, before stumbling into a gully where he collapsed in exhaustion.  A moment later an awful light washed over the world above, like a wave crashing upon the shore, and suddenly he knew it was over.  Baye stood at the top of the gully, and seeing Kent safe, vanished into the luminous tsunami.  Kent lay in the ditch, breathing hard but a relieved smile on his face.  As the wan light of dawn crept into the wash where he had sheltered, Kent at last crept from his refuge and began the long walk back to Astoria, grateful for the chance to think upon all that had happened of late, but happily at peace.

Baye and Jace stood alone in the clearing once more, said Jace, “why are we having such trouble of late recruiting someone into the Shadow?”
Baye shook his head, “you were the first initiate in two hundred years, Adan and Hawk joined us soon thereafter, which is unheard of in this profession.  Do not be surprised if it takes some little time to find someone else, for not all are as suited to this peculiar service as you and your companions.”
Jace nodded thoughtfully, gave his friend a hearty smile, and then each vanished about whatever errands this minor adventure had interrupted.  But the dell was not yet to be left to itself, for a great raven lingered in a dead oak, a shadow of evil muting the sunlight in that particular corner of creation.  He challenged the open air, “it is not fair!  You have so gifted your particular pets that I have no chance in opposing them!  Neither can their faithfulness be shaken, for you have blessed them too abundantly!  Let us see what happens when they are bereft of your favor and left to my mercies!”
A light too bright to look upon gleamed on the far side of the glade, resolving itself into a pert magpie, which was not fazed in the least by the presence of the vile raven, said He in disgust, “do as you wish, Fiend, but My servants shall find themselves blessed all the more for your meddling!”  He vanished in another flash of brilliant light, but it was a softer gleam that attracted the raven’s keen eye, for there in the grass something bright and metallic glinted in the sun.  The stygian bird fluttered down from his perch and cocked his head in eager study of a rather plain looking dagger; he took it up in his claws with a raucous cry of exultation and vanished into the shadows beneath the trees.


2

The family huddled like a mass of disconsolate sheep outside their one room hovel, each more unkept and rumpled than the last, while the dour man studied the lot of them, as if they were pigs in a market pen.  He ignored the morose woman with her stringy hair and dull, hopeless eyes, along with her disheveled, morbidly eager husband who was vainly trying to appear grim but kept greedily rubbing his hands together in anticipation, instead he focused on the eight children, all small, grimy, and ill-fed.  He ignored the youngest as too much work and the girls as too flighty, focusing solely on the three eldest lads.  The oldest was as forlorn and sullen as his mother, a condition the man loathed to shorten, while the youngest of the three was so fidgety the man feared him infested with vermin, leaving only one choice in the matter: a quiet lad with wide eyes that seemed to miss nothing yet neither did he cry out in fear or dismay.
He pointed grimly at the second oldest son and said, “I will take that one, at the price we have agreed upon.”
The man nodded gravely but avarice glinted in his eyes as he separated the boy from the rest of the brood and bound his hands; the woman sighed heavily but chivied the balance of her children away that the menfolk might be about their business undisturbed.  Coins exchanged hands, the boy balanced awkwardly on the back of the stranger’s packhorse, and then they rode away without a glance, without a goodbye, without a tear.  It was the last Cieren would ever see of his family or they of him.
They rode on for several days in silence, the man of a quiet disposition that loathed unnecessary noise and Cieren too overwrought to speak, stopping only at night to camp and at midday to rest and water the horses.  As twilight gathered about them on the third day, their journey appeared to be at an end.  A dark glade opened before them, a ring of standing stones keeping silent vigil within while a flat-topped slab of stone lay at its very heart.  The man dismounted and tied up his horse, took the boy down from the pack animal, and then began rummaging among the supplies, emerging with a horrible dagger and a length of rope.  Spoke he for the first time since the bargain was struck, “finally you shall discover what this is all about.”  He placed a firm hand on the lad’s shoulder and directed him into the midst of the clearing, towards the darkly stained center stone.
The boy was bound like a goat for slaughter and laid atop the primitive altar, the knife glinting in the wan light of a crescent moon as the man prepared to strike.  “Wait,” came the hoarse command.  The man’s hand went limp and the dagger clattered to the stony ground as a great raven lit on the far side of the stone and croaked, “I do not want this one’s blood, instead, raise him up to be one of my greatest servants.”
The man gasped, “what of my sacrifice?”
The raven scoffed, “open your eyes, fool!” as he winged off into the darkness.
The man frowned, but glanced quickly about the clearing, a grim smile darkening his countenance as his eyes fell upon an unmoving form barely visible amongst the bushes on the far side.  He left the terrified boy where he lay and approached the inert form, discovering it to be a mortally wounded man in the uniform of the Brethren.  The villain laughed heartily as he dragged the senseless man, apparently the victim of bandits, to the flat topped stone whereon the boy yet lay.  He pushed the boy ungently aside, laid the substitute atop the stone, and finished the dreadful ritual that would initiate him into the Brotherhood of the Serpent; the boy watched in grim fascination, relieved at having been spared but horrified by what it was he witnessed.  The rites complete, the man loosed the boy and motioned back towards the horses, wondering what on earth he was to do with the annoying creature.  Raise him?  As if he knew anything about bringing up children!  There must be some other alternative?  These thoughts plagued him as they moved deeper into the woods to find a suitable place to camp, well away from the standing stones and their grim vigil.

Two days later, another figure ghosted out of the trees into that forbidden glade; it was midday and the scent of death hung heavy in the air as various carrion fowl fought and squabbled over the source of the stench.  The crows dispersed with many an aggrieved squawk as the intruder approached, but did not flee far, choosing instead to watch stonily from a nearby tree.  Baye studied the dreadful scene and shook his head, wondering how often in his long career he would see just such a spectacle.  He dutifully buried his slain comrade, mounted his unicorn, and returned to Astoria with his grim tidings.  He and his comrades within the Shadow of the Unicorn were often dispatched to find those amongst the Brethren who had inexplicably disappeared, that and keeping the Brotherhood of the Serpent in check, were two of their main duties, though anything and everything that verged on the impossible might well be asked of them.

The man and his unwanted responsibility pressed ever deeper into the Wilds as he contemplated just what he was supposed to do with the boy.  He couldn’t exactly settle down in the nearest village and take up housekeeping.  He had a glorious career ahead of him, he didn’t need a snotty nosed kid trailing in his wake and ruining everything, yet he had been commanded to do just that!  Could he find someone else to do it for him?  He smiled grimly at the thought and began running through a list of every potential candidate he could think of.  He had no kith or kin, no friends or even acquaintances on whom he could foist the lad, and he dared not bequeath him to the Brethren, they’d likely ruin the boy and make a veritable saint out of him.  An idea suddenly occurred to him and his smile grew grim indeed, a sign that the boy knew boded ill for himself and he shuddered all the more.
The man at last drew rein among the thinning trees on the edge of a stony wasteland, daring to take the horses no further, hoping he had not horribly miscalculated, but he had no other choice, unless he wanted to turn homemaker and spend the next eight years playing nursemaid to the wretched child.  They left the horses and continued on foot, the trees vanishing as a land of rolling hills opened before them, covered in scraggly grass, scattered scrub, and far too many stones.  They marched on silently for half a day until a hill far larger than the rest hulked immediately before them, at its base gaped a great crack like a doorway into starless night, from whence came the echoing sound of a rushing wind.  The boy shivered, was the man going to fling him into the vortex?  For what else could make such a horrid sound?
The man bellowed for all the world to hear; the cacophony ceased abruptly with three snorts and a roar which shook the very stones at their feet.  The man smiled nervously and hoped this moment would not be his last, but as a great black head emerged on a serpentine neck, he knew he had erred dreadfully, for this was no green dragon as he had hoped, but a beast as black as night.  There could be nothing but death and worse in such a place for mortal men.  But the creature did not incinerate them where they stood or leap upon them as a cat upon mice, but rather he glanced vainly about, his eyes vacant and blind while his nose twitched rapidly, trying to catch their scent.
“Men!” grumbled the creature, “what have I to do with you or you with me?”
The man said in sudden triumph, “I have a deal to make with you, dragon.”
“Deal?” scoffed the creature, “what could you have to offer me?”
The man smiled coldly though the creature could not see it, “in exchange for me not spreading it hither and yon that you are, how shall I say it?  Visually impaired?  Compromised?  An unfortunate condition I would think, especially in the eyes of your kinfolk, if you will forgive the expression, but no doubt you are aware of the gravity of your situation.  For my silence, all you need do is mind this young one for a year or three.”
“Me, raise a human?” said the aghast dragon, “are you mad?  What do I know about children of any species, especially of the human sort?”
The man shrugged, “it is of no matter to me.  Just keep him fed and sheltered and he can see to the rest, I think, he’s a quiet little thing and no doubt rather self-sufficient.”
The dragon snarled, “what makes you think I won’t just immolate you both this very moment?”
The man laughed darkly, “you could have done that at the start, you are certainly an odd black dragon, but that’s to my advantage.  Well?”
The dragon sighed heavily, “very well, I will shelter the pitiable creature, perhaps it will be a kindness to get the wretched beast away from the likes of you, but I make no promises as to his health, wellbeing, or education.”
“Fair enough,” said the man, “I’ll be back eventually to collect him and your secret is safe with me.”
“At least until you want another favor,” sulked the dragon.
The man smiled villainously, “how right you are.  Farewell!”
He vanished back towards the horses, leaving the boy and the dragon to get acquainted; it was impossible to say which was the more astonished.  The boy smiled ruefully, young as he was, he felt the full irony of the situation, and no little relief to be away from that awful man, at least for a time, even if he must share quarters temporarily with a dragon.  His grin deepened, thinking it might actually be an improvement after sharing that tiny hovel with nine other people; at least the roof wouldn’t leak, even if the beast did snore.
At last the dragon found his tongue, said he, not ungently, “I know little of men and nothing of children, I am afraid you will have to raise yourself.”
Cieren nodded equably, “after what I have endured in the past fortnight, I rejoice at my change in circumstances.”  He grimaced, “even before I came into the keeping of that awful man, my life was nothing grand.”  He sighed, “have you any green acquaintances that might contribute to my education?”
The dragon snorted in amusement, “I may have a black hide lad, but inside I’m as green as any of my kin.  Have you not noticed that you are still alive?  A black dragon would have made an end of you, or at least started the process, the moment you arrived.  I don’t tend to keep company with other dragons, as you might have noticed from what your unsettling companion said, other dragons would likely make an end of me if they knew of my infirmity, blight upon the race as they would see it.  I cannot see or read, obviously, but I am possessed of many books, though I have never had the pleasure of perusing them, and much knowledge, which are ever at your disposal.  You may also share in whatever prey I happen to take, a creature your size cannot eat much, and may seek shelter in the confines of my cave, just be careful that I not crush you in my sleep.  The rest is up to you however, as I am at a complete loss as to your wants, needs, and desires.”
“Fair enough,” said the boy, “is there anything I can do to repay your hospitality?”
The dragon grinned, “your company will be a welcome change from the unending tedium of my social isolation, that and you could perhaps read some of my many books to me.”  
So it was that a bargain of mutual convenience was struck and each benefitted significantly from the uncanny arrangement.  The boy was young, but coming from a large and penurious family, he had quickly learned to scrounge for food, to improvise when he needed something or to live without, and to thrive on the most meager of portions.  The dragon was blind, but he had become an efficient hunter in his own right, so there was always meat in abundance, which the boy supplemented with various herbs, roots, and in season fruits that he gathered from the surrounding countryside; he even tried his hand at gardening the following spring.  He found many strange and needful things amongst the dragon’s horde and supplemented this with items he crafted himself from wood, grass, or hide, so it was that he did not lack for anything of which he had need or desire.  
Cieren taught himself to read and soon became an intimate friend of the dragon’s impressive library, often wondering how such a recluse could have such an astounding collection, but never quite daring to ask.  The dragon himself enjoyed the lad’s company immensely, especially his many questions on any number of subjects, thus allowing him to showcase his vast knowledge of the world and most of the things in it.  By the time the fiend returned to collect his responsibility some years later, the boy had grown into a young man who was self-sufficient, resourceful, and wise beyond his years.
The dragon groused bitterly, “you are just going to show up, take the boy, and vanish without a word of thanks or explanation?”
The man smiled wickedly, “you can thank me for my silence later, farewell lizard!”
Cieren was not eager to go off again with the fiend, but there was a menace and a power suffusing his person that he dared not defy.  So it was that he found himself again leaving his home, such as it was, to follow this despicable person into the vast unknown, but this time he was not a silent, terrified boy.  Said he as they trudged along, “who and what are you?  What is your interest in me?”
The man turned on him that very instant, “you will speak only when I bid you do so!  You will ask no impertinent questions nor bother me with your pitiful demands.  Now march!”
The boy cringed back in a properly cowed manner, much appeasing the man’s wroth; he nodded approvingly and they returned to their silent journey, eventually mounting their horses and vanishing into the ever thickening forest.  They made a silent camp as the sun vanished beyond the distant hills, much as they had done in those interminable and terrifying days so long ago, Cieren found himself easily falling back into the silent rhythms of his dreary life with this unnamed man.  He curled up and tried to find what sleep he could, but it was long in coming, and when at last it did come, it was fraught with unsettling dreams.
He saw a knife glinting in the moonlight, felt a pall of triumphant evil drape itself about him, saw blood flow black in the darkness, and heard the harsh laughter of a raven’s mocking voice, but it was no mortal bird.  He felt those beady eyes upon his very soul, knew they studied him as the creature might carrion it had taken an interest in, knew that the rotting flesh was of far more intrinsic value, at least as far as the horrid bird was concerned.  At last it scorned him, “you shall be my champion child!  I shall make a great warrior out of you, a villain fit to destroy all my enemies.  You will submit or you will die!”  Suddenly starless night loomed before him and Cieren knew what it was that awaited him, should he disobey this awful bird.  He shuddered in terror and the raven’s mocking laughter echoed through his mind as he bolted awake to find the dour man standing over him, studying him thoughtfully.
Said the grim figure, “up boy, we are not alone.”
Cieren was on his feet in a moment, a strange knife clutched in his fist.  He frowned at the odd blade, wondering from whence it had come, but had no time for further thought as the fiend motioned for him to hide amidst the surrounding shrubbery.  As they vanished into the shadows, a sight that smote Cieren’s heart sore with beauty stepped into the glade as his eyes fell full upon a unicorn in all his unveiled splendor.  He gasped to see a man aback the fabulous creature, for who could tame so wondrous and fierce a beast?  The shadowy figure dismounted, sword in hand, and seemed to be scanning the underbrush for signs of his quarry though the night was too dark for him to see much, if anything, not immediately before him.
Cieren felt eyes upon himself and knew, somehow, that the man’s vision could penetrate even into the deepest shadows.  The grim man must have known himself discovered, for with a cry of rage he leapt from cover and charged the unwary intruder.  A spectacular display of swordsmanship followed, much delighting the hidden Cieren, but even more did the foul man’s demise gladden his heart.  The moment the stranger’s blade pierced the fiend’s heart, Cieren was on his feet, hands in the air, surrendering to whoever this mystifying man was, for he could not be all bad if he could tame a unicorn and best such a villain.  Visions from his unsettling dream danced in the back of his mind as a harsh voice croaked in his ear, “use the dagger, fool, but nothing lethal.”
The stranger approached, revealing himself to be a boy little older than Cieren, sword still before him, said he quietly, “lay aside your weapons and we can talk like reasonable men.”
Cieren nodded eagerly, but the dread of his dream was heavy upon him, hardly knowing what it was he did, he fumbled with the uncanny blade, as if meaning to hand it over but accidentally nicking the man’s hand as he held it out to receive the weapon.  Jace flinched back as a wave of pain and dizziness washed over him, wondering at his reaction to so minor a wound.  He shook himself and looked at the boy, who was gaping at his empty hands, for the dagger had vanished.  Jace frowned, “what just happened?”
The boy shuddered, “I have no idea.  The knife vanished the moment it struck you.”
There was an edge of worry in Jace’s tone, “where did you get such an uncanny weapon?”  Another wave of nausea and disorientation washed over him, bending him double, his hands on his knees.
Cieren said aghast, “I woke to find it in my hand; I have never seen it before.”
Jace forced himself to stand upright and asked stonily, “did you strike me intentionally?”  The boy shuddered and stared at his feet, wondering how to answer, but his reaction was answer enough for Jace, who grated harshly, “how deeply are you involved with the Nameless One?”
Cieren stared at Jace in horror, the Evil One!?  But who else could command such dread and fear or produce such an uncanny weapon or disquiet dreams?  The boy shuddered, “I fear he has an unsettling interest in me, though I have not sought him out.”  He then poured out the entire tale from his unhappy childhood to this dreadful moment when he had listened to the fell voice in his head, rather than to his heart, which told him this man was not his enemy and might even provide solace from such a horror.
Jace sighed heavily, “this matter is far beyond my experience or comprehension; we’ll have to take it to those far wiser in such matters.  We must return to Astoria.”  He eyed Cieren grimly, “unless you’d rather attack me again and force me to settle matters once and for all?”
The boy shivered but an eager light sparkled in his eyes, Astoria!  The very name caused his heart to skip a beat in excitement, could he truly visit such a legendary city?  He said contritely, “forgive me, I will not attack you again.”  He grinned ruefully, “you have little to fear, as I have no experience in actual combat, nothing outside of those skills required for hunting and basic survival, that is.”
Hearing the truth in the boy’s voice, Jace nodded, and put up his sword, “very well, let us find what sleep we can and then we’ll set out for Astoria first thing in the morning.”
Cieren was the last person to argue with such a sensible suggestion, hope welling inexplicably in his heart for the first time since that dreadful man wandered back into his life.  Neither did he experience any more unsettling dreams, at least that night, perhaps the unicorn’s presence somehow warded his slumber from such terrors or perhaps he had wrought all the evil required of him this night, whatever it was, he slept soundly.  Jace however, did not.  The moment Cieren settled himself, Jace withdrew to the far side of the clearing and collapsed, dry heaving and dizzy.  Nearly an hour later, breathing hard and aching as he had not since joining the Shadow, he lay in a miserable heap, wondering what strange enchantment held him in its thrall.
His unicorn nuzzled him gently in concern.  Jace sat up and frowned at the creature, his thoughts fuzzy and unclear as they had never been since their meeting.  He reached out instinctively for the light within himself, the Master’s power and light that comprised his very being, but there was nothing there.  Jace bolted to his feet in horror and immediately toppled into the underbrush, completely off balance.  The unicorn whickered in concern and the boy glanced about himself in horror, unable to see in the dark any longer.  He stood again, this time slowly and carefully, too overwrought to sit still, he felt he must pace as he pondered whatever it was that afflicted him.
He leant against the unicorn for support, as he climbed once more to his feet and then took one wobbling step and then another.  Slowly he paced the glade, trying to clear his head, demanding of the stars an answer they could not give.  As dawn crept into the clearing, a raven mocked from high atop an oak, “lost something?”  He laughed harshly as he winged his way off.
The unicorn whinnied uneasily as Jace shuddered, this not the first time he had encountered the Fiend.  Whatever had happened, the Nameless One was behind it.  He glanced grimly at the still sleeping Cieren, wondering what the boy’s own future held, if the Enemy had such an interest in him, shuddering to think such was even possible.  Said he at last, to no one in particular, “it seems I am truly mortal.”  He smiled ruefully, “I wonder what Baye will think?”  His grin deepened, “or my sister for that matter!”
He glanced uneasily at his right palm, but sighed in relief to see that a silver unicorn still reared thereupon, at least he had not been sundered from the Shadow.  The unicorn whickered his reassurance and Jace smiled, “nor the Brethren either it seems.  Whatever betide, we will trust our Master in this as in all things.”  His smile deepened, “this can be no worse than my journey, at least we still have each other.”  The unicorn pranced his approbation, waking Cieren with a start.  Jace sighed heavily, returning to the matter at hand, “we will be on our way as soon as you are ready.”  The boy nodded eagerly and wasted no time in retrieving his horse.  Jace smiled grimly, “let us see what the Lady can make of this strange situation, among others.”  They set off on the long journey home.


3

Jace was quite glad to discover his companion was rather talented in acquiring food from wood and river as they traveled, for he was ill-supplied to keep even one of them properly fed upon such a journey, never having expected to acquire a companion nor needing such himself.  He had some meager provisions and a little coin, they also had the vile man’s horse to sell, but it would not be near enough.  Cieren was more than happy to help, though he wondered at his companion’s ill-preparation, even for a man alone, he seemed far too lightly supplied to attempt such a long journey, but he said nothing of his misgivings and pitched in as best he could.  In exchange, Jace thought to teach him the use of a sword.  The vile man’s weapon was buried as deeply as they could manage, Jace reluctant to expose anyone to the evil taint upon the blade, so they only had one sword between them, but Jace was content to parry with a sturdy stick, so it mattered little, at least at so early a stage in Cieren’s training.
The weather held fair and the byways were passable, making the journey far more pleasant than it might otherwise have been; the pair also found some much needed companionship in one another: Jace needing a reminder of what it was to truly be a young man, mortal under the sun, while Cieren had never really experienced the company of an agreeable human, and thus began his introduction to human society.  He rather dreaded immersing himself in so huge a place as Astoria, but their fabled library alone was enough to overcome that grievous fear.
As they rode along that first day, Jace began, “so you were raised by a dragon?”
Cieren nodded, smiling in wonder, “it sounds like one of the old tales, doesn’t it!  But yes, I wonder if my tale can get any stranger?”
Jace shook his head, “don’t you dare ask, because it often does, more often than not.”  He laughed, “and with such a beginning, imagine what the rest of the tale shall be!”  He then went on to tell of his own odd origins and a little of his story since, leaving out all the strange and wonderful details pertaining to the Shadow and his part in it.
Cieren grinned openly, “it seems I am not alone in being the hero of an odd tale.  What of these Brethren of yours?  I once read a book on the various esoteric religions of the world and yours seems the strangest by far.”
Jace ask suspiciously, “the author wasn’t Leeds was it?”
Cieren blinked in surprise, “how did you know?”
Jace grinned, “I have read the same book, and actually know someone who was in Astoria during his brief stay to look into the matter.”
“Brief stay?” said Cieren in surprise, “the way the man writes, one would think he had spent years researching his subject.”  He frowned, “how would you know someone who knew Leeds?  He’s been dead for two hundred years.”
Jace grinned all the more, “it seems he missed something in his research, for he failed to mention the Brethren can be rather long lived, up to three hundred years in fact.  Leeds spent all of a fortnight in Astoria, barely talked to any of the Brethren, and spent most of his time in the library or interviewing Students.  He went in with a skeptical attitude and it shows in his results.  I do not believe a man should write on a topic in which he does not have a genial interest.”
“The man was a renowned atheist,” said Cieren, “who better to write on the subject of religion?”
Jace laughed, “who indeed!  As all of my favorite recipes are from those who abhor cooking!”
Cieren smiled ruefully, “fact in point I suppose.  But come, are you not slanted in your own view of the matter?”
Jace smiled heartily, “I suppose I am biased towards my own belief system, but is that not the very definition of a worldview?  You must accept one as truth and reject all others as only partially correct or wrong altogether.”  He sighed in remembrance, “I was once a skeptic, through and through.”
“Really?” said Cieren, interest keen in his voice.  Jace smiled ruefully and expounded upon his own conversion and the events surrounding it.  Cieren nodded thoughtfully, “you really believe it was the Master Himself you saw and not some hallucination?”
Jace barked a laugh, “as sure as I am riding beside you, never have I been more certain of anything; each day only proves the truth of it more and more.”
Cieren sighed heavily, “I am not sure what to think upon the matter myself, I told you of my experience in that ring of standing stones.”  He shuddered and then continued, “if the gods are so bloodthirsty, I do not think I want anything to do with them.”
Jace said quietly, “it is only a pretender, a created being who would be a god, that has such an unholy thirst, for did not the Master shed His own blood on our behalf, rather than thirsting after ours?”
Cieren shook his head, “that I cannot say, for I have not heard the tale.”
“Ah,” said Jace, “then let me rectify the matter,” and so he began:

“Long ago, when the world was young and men still walked in innocence, an ancient king made an alliance with the terrible god of war.  In exchange for the life of his maiden daughter, he would receive power to conquer all the kingdoms of men and have dominion over all mortal lives.  The night was dark with neither star nor moon giving light or hope to those who gathered upon the face of that forbidden hill to commence with their evil deed.  The king had gathered all of his generals and advisors to stand as witnesses.  The girl was brought forward and the hood removed from her head.  A single tear rolled down her cheek as she stared with pleading eyes into the cold and remorseless depths of her father’s eyes.  She saw neither love nor regret there, only a thirst for power beyond the reach of mortal ken.  He drew forth a cruel knife from a sheath of black leather.  Very soon the alliance would be sealed and no power on earth could withstand him.  He approached the girl with a cruel and mirthless smile and raised the blade to strike.
He was thrown back from the girl and blinded by a cold light, and all standing around the pair fell to the ground in fear.  Like a bolt of lightning, a bright and terrible figure stood between the man and his prey.  The king regained his footing with a sneer and a triumphant laugh.  “You have no authority here,” he scoffed, “be gone before I become violent.”  
The light receded slightly and those standing about could make out a vaguely equine shape amidst the glow.  The figure reared up on its hind legs and pawed the air.  He appeared in the form of a horse but with the awe reserved for a charging bull or roaring lion.  Then he spoke, “you must not do this terrible thing.  You will forever tear apart the laws that bind the world together.”  
“I will do as I please,” scowled the king, “and there is nothing you can do to stop me.”  
“If you are set upon this course I cannot stop you by force, but perhaps I can offer you an exchange,” said the figure.  
“What can you possibly offer me,” growled the king with the light of avarice in his eyes.
“The foul demon with whom you are dealing demands innocent blood for your vile contract, so be it!  Take mine instead of the girl’s,” said the mysterious figure.  
“Yours!” gasped the king, “but of what advantage is that to you?”  
“To ransom the life of this dear child shall be gain enough,” said the figure.  
“Very well,” said the king.  “I have a feeling my master will be quite pleased with the exchange.  What is one small child when the blood of his enemy is laid at his feet?  What are your terms?”  
“Give me one hour to bear this child to safety, then I will return hither and you may do as we have agreed,” said the figure.  
“How do I know you will not steal the child and disappear?” asked the king.  
“You know very well I do not lie,” roared the figure.  He swept the child onto his back and as the light disappeared over the rim of the hill called back, “in one hour I shall return.”

For a time the girl clung silently to the back of her rescuer but as the horror of what she had so nearly escaped sunk in she began to sob uncontrollably.  “Do not weep little one,” said the figure, “you are safe and all will be well.”  
“How can you say that?” sobbed the girl, “evil is about to be unleashed upon the earth and no one will be able to stop it.”  
“I can,” said he softly.  A sense of immense peace fell upon the girl and dried her tears.  Shortly, they approached a small cottage by the edge of a little stream that chattered invisibly in the night.  A woman emerged from the door and wrapped a blanket around the quivering form of the girl.  She bowed once to the retreating figure and took the child into the house.  The girl fell into bed and knew no more that night.  The woman stared into the darkness, tears streaming down her cheeks.  Within the hour agreed upon, the figure returned to that forsaken hilltop.  His light was dimmed to the slight flickering of a dying candle.  He stood before the men with a drooping head but a righteous fire blazed in his eyes.  The king laughed him to scorn, drew his blade, and approached the apparently cowed creature.  Steel flickered in the light as the blade struck home.  The light dimmed and went out.  As if from a vast distance, a great wailing cry rent the night, as if the earth itself had been mortally wounded by the blow.  A wind came howling out of the west and clouds blotted out the sky.  Darkness engulfed the world, lightning flashed in the heavens, and thunder rolled as if all creation reared up in fury at the atrocity that had occurred.  The hill itself began to roll like a wave on the sea and split in two.  The men were thrown from their feet and retreated in confusion and fear from the horror before them.  Their horses reared and snorted, broke loose, and disappeared into the storm.  
“What have you done!” roared one general over the wind.  “
I have loosed the wrath of the heavens,” screamed the king.  A panic spread among them and all fled into the darkness.

The next morning, the girl rode up the accursed hill hoping to find some trace of her rescuer.  She found the vile blade broken in two, but no sign of the mysterious glowing figure.  She dismounted and peered with dismay into the gaping chasm that had once been the heart of the hill.  “What is it you seek?” asked a voice behind her.  
With a shriek of pure joy she flung her arms around the figure that now stood at her shoulder, glowing like the sun.  “You are alive!” she said.  
“Yes,” said he simply.  
“But what of last night?” asked she, “I was sure you had been slain.  What of that horrible shriek and the dreadful darkness?”  
“My life cannot be taken against my will.  Before anything ever was and after all has passed into nothing, I was and ever will be.  I laid down my life not only for you, but for all things that would have been utterly destroyed by the acts of last night.  Your blood would have strengthened that foul demon beyond anything he has yet achieved.  My blood offered willing in exchange for another’s broke his power.  What began in selfishness and evil, ended in selflessness and love, which alone has power to conquer the darkness.  He has been vanquished but not destroyed.  He still lurks in the world, full of malice and hate and ready to assist any who give themselves over to a lust for power and destruction.  Until last night, mankind had lived in peace and harmony with one another and with all creation, but that peace has been shattered.  Man has shown himself vulnerable to evil, willing to place himself above all else, even his own children.  It is no longer safe to assume that all men are good in and of themselves.  Each individual must hereafter make a decision to follow what is right and good, or to follow his own selfish path into evil and darkness.  From the dawn of mankind, it was given into your hands to decide whether to pursue goodness or darkness.  A member of your race has chosen the ultimate evil and with his fall, all are now required to make a decision that once came naturally to all.” 
The girl fell sobbing at his feet, feeling in herself the dreadful truth she had just heard spoken.  It was as if something inside her had been torn or ripped away and she was left with a gaping hole, much like the defiled face of the hill.  Looking up into his eyes, she said, “I have lost something within myself.  I am no longer whole.  I have a longing, a desire for something.  Something, though I know not what.  Something greater than myself.”  
“Yes,” said he, “your whole race now shares that same longing.  And with what you fill that hole will determine the course of your life, and the lives of all those around you, from now and ever onwards.  Choose carefully.”  
“Can I choose you?” she asked hesitantly.  
A smile crept over his face and the whole hillside seemed to laugh with joy.  “Of course,” he said.  “After last night, the world is hurting and needs to be told these things which you have just heard.  I need someone to go forth and tell them.  Bring your horse forward.”  
The girl ran over to the horse which had strayed and was happily nibbling at weeds upon the far side of the hill.  She led the beast towards the figure.  The stallion pulled back against the reins and nearly reared, trying to avoid the glowing figure before him.  “Do not be afraid my simple beast,” said the figure, “from now and ever onwards, you and your descendants will no longer be considered simple.”  The figure turned his side towards the girl and for the first time she saw the gaping wound in his side.  From it dribbled a steady stream of silver blood.  She gasped in horror and drew back.  “Do not be afraid,” he said, “this is the price of last night’s adventure.  Though much was lost, much good also came of it.  Take a drop of my blood on your finger and place it on the horse’s tongue.”  Hesitantly the girl complied.  Almost reverently she poked a finger into the sliver stream and placed a drop of the precious fluid into the horse’s mouth.  
An indignant snort was followed by a blinding flash.  She no longer held a horse by the reins but a unicorn.  The sorrel coat had become white as the snow; wisdom and fire were in his once placid and simple eyes.  Cloven hooves of silver had replaced his single hooves of grey.  A silver horn protruded proudly from his forehead.  He shook his head in disgust a few times and looked with dismay at the girl and the glowing figure.  
“Remove his bit,” laughed the figure.  The girl complied and the unicorn seemed much happier.  “Now it is your turn,” said he.  The girl looked with shock and disgust at the gaping hole in the figure’s side and turned pleading eyes to his.  “If you really wish to serve me, you must taste of my blood,” he said, “by doing so you are binding yourself to me and my purposes.  You will gain much in wisdom and abilities but in doing so you are also swearing to serve me, even with the forfeit of your life be it necessary.  Do you wish to proceed?”  
She nodded and did as she was bidden.  She seemed to grow taller and a thirst for knowledge grew within her.  A deeper understanding of things once hidden to mortal mind blossomed in her heart.  She had changed as much as the horse.  
“Now,” said the figure,” I will tell you of things long hidden to the race of men, things vital to your quest.  The demon of war, to whom your father nearly sacrificed you, was once my greatest servant.  But he desired things beyond his grasp and made an attempt to supplant me as The Master of All.  He was banished from my presence and ever since has made war upon all that is good and wonderful.  He has claimed lordship over all creation and still yearns for the power he cannot have.  Until last night, he had made little progress in his war against me, but last night there came a breaking.  Men, who had once lived in peace, have heeded his call and some have broken away from me seeking the power promised by their new master.  Now all must decide whether to follow him or me.  None can sit this out.  By stepping aside, they are simply declaring themselves for him, if only by doing nothing.  This is war a war that has raged since before the world began, there can be no civilians.  He will devour everything if all stand aside and let him.  I will only do so much.  I am Master of all things, but I have given all sapient creatures a choice, and upon that freedom I will not trespass.  They must choose what is right or what is evil.  I will not infringe upon their decisions for good or ill.  If they choose the right, I can assist them, but if they choose the evil I can only stand aside and weep for their ill choices and dire fate.  That is why I could not interfere directly in the affairs of last night.  It is up to you, and those like you: my servants, to pursue evil in whatever form or guise it takes and do what you must to defeat it and to defend the innocent.  You must spread word of this through all lands and to all peoples.  It will not be easy and there will be great heartache along the way but you will never be alone; it must be done or evil will consume the world and all within it.  Last night a deadly blow was dealt to my enemy, but he is still lurking about and still very powerful.  In the end, he will be completely vanquished but until that final day, you are all that stands between the world and devastation.  A rent has been created in the hearts of men.  They will yearn for me and try to fill the gap with all sorts of vain things.  You must tell them the truth of what you have seen.  Last night, the innocence of man was lost, but by my blood it can be healed.”
The girl had been held spellbound by the tale.  The light around the figure dimmed a little, just enough so that she could make out his full form.  She had glimpsed a horse-like figure last night and this morning, but now saw him fully, as if a fog had lifted.  He was similar to the unicorn standing at her shoulder, but taller and more terrible; his horn and hooves were of gold and he glowed with the very light of the sun. 
“Your faithful steed will be the father of the race of mortal unicorns and you shall be the first among a great and future throng of my servants.  I will hereafter withdraw from wandering abroad in the world but I will be found by those who seek me.  Go forth and teach what you have been taught, fight evil, and protect the innocent.”  With that he seemed to glow brighter and as the sun topped the head of the hill, vanished into the blinding rays.”  Cieren was quiet after the telling, lost in his own thoughts.  Jace left him to ponder as he would.


4

Twilight drew itself about them like a cloak, as they settled in for the night, Jace weary as he had not been since the misery of his journey, but at least he did not physically ache from every wound he had ever received.  Which suddenly reminded him, what did he look like in his newfound mortality, for if he wore the face to which he was born, it might arouse uneasy questions, for he was supposedly a traitor, and a dead one at that, amongst the Brethren.  He queried his unicorn and the creature assured him that he still bore the face of a certain young Messenger with very little of a past.  At least he could return to Astoria without fear of causing yet another scandal.  He glanced at his charge and smiled wryly, not that his companion wasn’t going to raise a few eyebrows.  He laughed to himself, but then, it was just another day in the service of the Shadow.  He drew his cloak about him and tried to find what sleep he could.
The day had passed pleasantly enough, but the night was an entirely different matter, for things stalked the darkness that shied from the light of day.  Uneasy dreams confronted both of the sleepers as the unicorn stonily watched the darkness, where shadows shifted and fiery eyes glowed with eager malice.  At last the unicorn woke his master from an unsound sleep, snorting in disgust at the darkness outside the camp.  Jace felt them, knew they thirsted after mortal blood, and would take it from an unwilling victim if there were none willing to give it to them when asked.  He sighed, there was but one thing to do.
He was about to wake Cieren, that he might escape aback the unicorn, but the far more sensible creature finally got his meaning through his master’s now foggy mind; he would be very glad when Jace could understand him clearly once more.  Jace smiled sheepishly, “you are right my friend.  The tales are full of such heroic sacrifice, but in our case it would just be plain idiocy and would accomplish nothing.  I can no longer confront such foes, but that does not mean you are so hindered.  I’ll get the both of us mere mortals to safety whilst you deal with those wraiths.”  The unicorn snorted his approval and vanished into the darkness, the murmurs of the fiends ringing the camp suddenly turned fearful as Jace at last wakened Cieren.
The groggy boy, unsettled by his dreams, at first balked when his companion suggested such a retreat, but a glance into the darkness, with its nearly palpable sense of evil and here and there a flickering as of a disembodied flame, soon convinced him otherwise, the feeling minding him far too much of that night among the standing stones.  They stumbled off into the darkness, tripping into a deep ditch.  As they righted themselves and hunkered down in the gully, Cieren demanded, “this is insane, we’ll be trapped down here!”
Jace smiled eagerly, alerted the unicorn that they were ready, and said triumphantly, “not at all, close your eyes if you want to spare your sight!”
Suddenly a great light burst forth, Jace’s heart yearning for it above all else, but it was not to be, at least not for now.  The pressing sense of evil all about them evaporated and they felt it safe to climb out of the ditch in which they had sheltered.  Cieren asking in wonder, “what happened?”
Jace said joyously, “the unicorn can still fight such terrible foes.”
Cieren frowned, “can still fight?”
Jace grimaced at his slip, but only said, “he is not as vulnerable as we mere men.  He can take on evils against which we are helpless as babes in the cradle.”  Cieren seemed content as they emerged from the gully and tried to settle themselves once more, this time their sleep was as peaceful as it should have been from the first.  A dreadful raven sat unseen high above, little encouraged by his ongoing experiment, only now remembering that when He spoke something, it Was.  He squawked in dismay as he winged off, but was not yet finished with either of the sleeping children of men left far behind in the dark glade.

Morning found them awake, if not exactly refreshed, the unicorn sauntered into the camp as if he had not been physically unmade the previous night.  Jace eyed him with a wry smile but made no comment upon his own wish to be able to do the same at need.  The creature nudged his master in reassurance anyway, sensing his disquiet; the boy smiled sadly and placed a grateful hand on the creature’s shoulder.  Cieren returned from his morning ablutions in the adjacent stream to discover the enigmatic pair in the midst of this touching moment.  He quickly withdrew, so as not to disturb them, and silently wondered if he would ever know such love.
They mounted up and were soon on their way, Cieren asking wistfully, “the unicorn seems quite fond of you.  How does one go about taming such a creature?  Are they truly more than overly wise beasts?”
Jace patted the great neck of his mount and said thoughtfully, “they are a people as wise and free as our own.”  The unicorn snorted his disagreement and Jace added with a smile, “some might say wiser and freer, but that is open to debate.  As such, one cannot go about taming them, any more than one can tame a dragon or a man.  Ours is a partnership ordained by the Master Himself at the dawn of time.  In serving one another, we are far more efficient in serving Him and others thereby.”  Cieren nodded, a thoughtful smile on his face, but he said nothing more for a very long time.

Said Cieren as they rode along after a brief halt at midday, “I told you that the Evil One has claimed me as his own, declared that I shall be his greatest servant.  Can such truly be?  Is there no protection or escape?”
Jace said gravely, “it is certainly a dire circumstance to find oneself garnering such attention from such a source, but it cannot be so unless you decide in his favor.  Things may grow dark indeed, perilous even; do not forget last night.  But he cannot have you against your will, though he might torture, maim, or kill you in an attempt to gain your cooperation.  The only true escape and protection from such evil is found in the Master, though He does not guarantee one’s physical safety or longevity, even so.”  He smiled sadly, “for such has been the grievous fate of many of my comrades, but well we know the consequences ere we take the Oath.”
Cieren shivered, “what of these uneasy dreams?”
Jace nodded grimly, “they serve as a perfect stage upon which to rehearse all our fears and faults or showcase some ghastly future, but they are only dreams, for all of that.  Unsettling and certainly discouraging, but harmless if we know them for what they are.”  He did not think this a good time to bring up Hawk’s nocturnal adventures, not wanting to scare the boy into even more disquieting thoughts.
But thankfully, there were no more unsettling dreams or disquiet nights, Cieren actually began to think it had all been a nightmare, an overreaction of his overwrought sensibilities, which was just what the Fiend intended.  His overt attentions were driving the boy perilously close to the Master, so perhaps a little inattention, or even a good dose of success were needed to draw him away from such dangerous waters.  As to the wing-clipped Shadow?  Was it not satisfying enough to know the fool was now no more a threat than any of his wretched Brothers and wouldn’t it be rather amusing to watch him stew and pine away in his newfound helplessness and uselessness, perhaps even succumbing eventually to bitterness and despair?  So it was that they finished their journey in relative peace.

Astoria loomed before them on the horizon, Cieren shivered at how huge and alien it seemed, but Jace reassured him that he would adapt quickly, and that it was rather a modest city in comparison to others found throughout the world.  With an eager nod but a nervous look, Cieren was determined to ride forth, whether to his doom or glory, was yet to be seen.  They descended the hill from whence they had taken in the view and quickly reached the outskirts of the bustling burg.  Cieren gaped about him, minding Jace much of himself upon his first encounter with civilization; he smiled amusedly as they continued on.
The gate guards nodded in greeting but otherwise paid him little heed, knowing him for one of their own and that he would know what to do with his companion.  As they dismounted, Jared approached, a slight frown on his face, asked he in a neutral tone, but Jace knew he was dying to ask something else altogether, “might I be of service?”
Jace nodded and said quietly, “we must speak with the Lady at her earliest convenience, my companion has quite the tale to tell.”  He paused and then continued gravely, “as have I.”  Jared nodded and soon dashed off to see to the request, curious as to the lad’s predicament, knowing something was truly strange about the youngest Shadow.
He returned shortly and said, “the Lady will see you immediately, if that is acceptable?”  Jace nodded his thanks and motioned for Cieren to follow him into the keep, seeking out the Lady’s usual audience chamber; the boy followed uneasily, wondering if he would even survive an audience with such an auspicious person.  But survive it he did, for though legendary, the Lady of Astoria was no worse than a dragon and far more pleasant than that horrid man who had sundered him forever from his family.
Cieren told his full tale, leaving nothing out.  The Lady listened placidly, only an occasional, slight frown showing that there was some detail that troubled her or would require further explanation, but once he finished, she said gently, “quite the tale, I must say, but you are welcome to remain in Astoria for as long as you wish, to rest and learn.”  She smiled warmly, “and our library is yours to explore.”
He stared at her in awe, as if she had conjured a fountain of water in the midst of a searing desert to slake his deadly thirst.  She said quietly in dismissal, uneasy under that near worshipful gaze, “the servant will get you settled.  Welcome to Astoria.”  The boy bowed his farewells as a servant approached and motioned for him to follow, Cieren glanced nervously back at Jace as he retreated, the latter giving him a reassuring smile as he withdrew from the room.
The Lady drew herself up and said to her brother, once they were alone, “what are you not telling me Jace?”
The boy glanced at the floor, shifted uneasily from foot to foot, and said, “I am not sure what to tell you, my Lady.  I would like to speak with Jared upon the matter first, if I may?”
She studied him silently for a long moment and said, “if you must.”
Sensing her disappointment, he replied, “I know but little myself Lady, it is not that I don’t trust you, but that I have been placed in a rather distressing situation and know not what to make of it.”  She gazed at him questioningly and he added, “the boy spoke of a relatively minor incident involving a dagger, but said weapon somehow rendered me,” he paused and took a deep breath to steady himself, hating to admit his newfound weakness to this fierce and vital Lady, finished he in a barely audible whisper, “mortal.”
But Briane remembered what it was to be weak and vulnerable, to have some strength one has always taken for granted suddenly removed.  Said she quietly, “I understand, Jace, truly I do.”  She smiled ruefully, “remember a certain incident in the dungeons?”  She laughed grimly, “I will also give you the same advice a great sage once gave me: life will continue on and you must live it regardless, you cannot hide from it forever.”
He smiled slightly, “that sounds vaguely familiar, perhaps I should take my own advice?  Is that an order my Lady?”
She smiled heartily, “that it is, but I hope it need not be so and that you are sensible enough to see it for the wisdom it is.”
He bowed deeply, “I shall do as you ask Lady.”
She nodded, “that will be a nice change for once.  But I shall carefully consider what this means for your future career as one of the Brethren, as I can no longer risk you on certain suicidal missions.”  His shoulders slumped in dismay but she added with a slight smile, “but you are still a Messenger, so you can expect any number of potentially suicidal missions.  Bereft as you are of your usual skillset, you are still possessed of skills and knowledge I can and will use, in various ways.”  Her smile deepened as Jace perked up significantly, “it will be fun to actually boss you around a little bit, now that you are merely mortal like the rest of us.  A simple Brother at last.”
He smiled thoughtfully, “our dear mother would probably say this would be good for me in the long run.”
“Precisely,” said her Ladyship, “now go get some rest.”  He bowed deeply, smiled widely, and withdrew to find Jared.

Jared waited impatiently in the courtyard in his usual spot, wondering what it was that felt so wrong about the boy.  At last Jace appeared at one of the side doors and the Captain of the Shadow, guised as a mere servant, hastened to the young Messenger, whereupon they both withdrew to a small room to discuss the matter in private.  They sat in awkward silence for a long moment before Jace finally said, “I am mortal.”
Jared gasped in astonishment before a thoughtful frown replaced his surprise, said he, “tell me all lad.”  Jace fully complied, only deepening the creases on Jared’s brow, said he at last, “how are you taking it?”
Jace grinned ruefully, “better than I would have thought, I’m actually starting to think it might be rather good for me.”
Jared smiled slightly, “much like eating your vegetables, eh?  Just be sure to let me know if you are starting to chafe in your newfound position.”  He sobered, “you are still a Messenger and a Shadow at that lad, it isn’t as if we’ll bury you safely away in the library for a few hundred years.  But while you are still wandering aimlessly about Astoria, I’d like you to keep an eye on your new friend; he intrigues me.”  He smiled eagerly, “perhaps I’ll ask the Lady to assign you a temporary teaching position.”
Jace gaped, “I’d rather challenge her to a duel than tell her what to do!”
Jared laughed, “that’s why you aren’t Captain of the Shadow.  Now off to bed with you!”
Jace stood to go, but said in exasperation, “why is everyone so convinced I need to be tucked into bed?  It is not as if I have suddenly become a bedridden invalid, I have been mortal before, in fact it is a common malady amongst mankind!”
Jared grinned, “we just fear you may overdo things, as it has been awhile since you’ve been so afflicted.  Now scat!”  Jace smiled impishly, made his bows, and vanished.  Jared shook his head in amusement as the youngster fled the room then went to tell the Lady her business, as Jace had predicted, she was not exactly happy in the matter but could see no reason to deny the impertinent man’s request.

“Out of bed you sluggard!” came the sharp command.
Jace awoke with a start and instinctively threw himself out of bed, landing in a defensive stance, hand reaching for a sword that was not there.  Only then did he come fully awake and realize how ridiculous he must look.  Hawk stood in the doorway, grinning in affirmation of that fact.  Jace smiled slightly as he straightened his posture and clothing, said he, frowning out the window, which showed no sign that dawn was imminent, “what is the emergency?  Don’t you know some of us still require sleep on occasion?”
Hawk grinned the more, “perhaps you do, but not at the cost of your students’ education.  Do you have your lesson plan ready?”
Jace’s frown deepened in confusion and growing panic, “lesson plan?”
Hawk laughed, “I thought as much.  They haven’t told you, have they?”
“Told me what?” asked Jace in trepidation.
Hawk’s smile was amusement itself, “you are the new swordmaster, or shall I say acting swordmaster?”
Jace gaped, “what!”
Hawk chuckled, “with you indisposed as you are, we are down a field agent, so Jared felt it high time I went out and had an adventure or two while you stay here and mind the young ones.  He also said you had another project as well, so I doubt you’ll get bored.”
“Other project?” Jace shook his head in bafflement, but suddenly he remembered his conversation with Jared the previous night, he nodded, “ah, yes!”  But he frowned at Hawk, “what am I supposed to do with these kids of yours?”
Hawk grinned, “that is why I am here, I thought I’d put you through your paces before you put them through theirs.”
Jace snorted, “what am I, a horse?”
“I hope not, for you’d make a very poor swordmaster then,” said Hawk with a smile, “but perhaps you could work something out with the horsemaster?”
“Very funny,” groused Jace, but a slight smile ruined the effect, “now come in and shut the door so I can get dressed.”
As Jace prepared for the day, they exchanged news of happenings in the wide world and in Astoria itself.  As Jace finished, Hawk gently asked, “how does it feel, to be mortal again?  How are you faring?”
Jace looked thoughtful for a moment then shrugged, “it is strange certainly, after all I’ve been through, to return to a ‘normal’ life, but in a curious way, it is also something of a relief.”
Hawk’s eyes widened, “will you Go, then?”
Jace snorted, “don’t be ridiculous, I yearn for the day when I am fully restored to the Shadow, but things have been far too exciting since that day in the dungeons and a little ‘normality’ is exactly what I need at the moment.”
Hawk nodded, a wry grin on his face, “so you get a vacation while I have to go out and do the real work.”
Jace gaped, “you think hanging about the keep teaching kids which end of a sword is which is a vacation?  Have you so little respect for your own position?”
Hawk chuckled, “don’t be absurd, I was only joking; I know what I do is important, both to my Students and the Brethren, but it does lack the adventurous flare to which some of you aspire.  Personally, I prefer my rather quiet post to the wild life you and Baye tend to lead.”
Jace laughed, “and now our roles shall be reversed.  Try not to let it scare you too much!”
“And you try not to let my pupils accidentally kill each other,” smiled Hawk.
“Is it my fault if their former teacher was so lax in his methods?” said Jace with an impish grin.
As they left the room, Hawk rolled his eyes, “let us hope that is not the case.”
After a brief introduction to what it was to be the swordmaster, the pair sat down to breakfast and chatted blithely until it was time for Jace’s first class, said he in growing dread, “what if I can’t do this?”
Hawk shook his head in disbelief, “you have faced down dragons and tangled with griffins, ten Students are not going to get the best of you.”
Jace smiled sheepishly, “I suppose you are right.”  His grin became mischievous, “well, I had best get to class.  Not all of us can loll about the castle all day at our ease.”
“Speak for yourself, swordmaster,” laughed Hawk, “I would have been on my way already had I not needed to give you a little instruction to spare my poor Students from utter disaster until I return.”
Jace smiled warmly and embraced Hawk, “fare thee well, my friend!”  They parted then, each to his appointed, if temporary, doom.  
Barely had Jace entered the practice yard before twelve Students nearly trampled him in their eagerness for the morning lesson, but they soon gathered themselves into some semblance of order in the middle of the open yard as Hawk had taught them, impatiently awaiting further instruction.  Jace briefly studied the group, noting their ages ranged from twelve to twenty; he wondered how much the age disparity would affect the effectiveness of the lesson.  This was the beginner class and students were placed in it based on skill rather than age so he was not surprised, but seeing it in person was a far cry from hearing Hawk explain it over toast and eggs.  He brightened at seeing Cieren in his class and suddenly knew he could do it, for had he not worked with the boy as they traveled halfway across the world together?  If he could explain it to one, why not twenty, especially as Hawk had already given them a good foundation upon which he could further build.
He faced his minions and said boldly, “as you can see, your usual teacher is not here.  I will be the acting swordmaster until further notice.”  He paused long enough to let his announcement sink in, but not so long that the students might begin to whisper amongst themselves.  Continued he, “I believe you all know the routine, the first student in each line will go fetch practice swords enough for all in their group.  Go!”
The students were a little hesitant at first, unsure of this new instructor, who actually appeared to be the same age or even slightly younger than the oldest of the Students, but soon he proved himself a competent and confident instructor, thus quelling their qualms and allowing them to put their full focus and energy into their lesson.  
Afterwards, Cieren lingered behind as the rest hastened off to their next class.  Said he brightly, “how much teaching have you done?  You seem quite young for so competent an instructor.”
Jace smiled ruefully, “just between you and I, this was my first official class.”
Cieren gaped, “that is impressive indeed.  I am glad I came with you to this place, I shall be able to learn here as much as I like and it seems a good place to begin my integration into human society.”
Jace said reminiscently, “right on both counts.  Any idea what you want to do with your life?”
Cieren shook his head in perplexity, “I have only just arrived and am only starting to comprehend that I have a future at all, let alone a myriad of options as to what to do with it.”
Jace chuckled, “fair enough, I do remember those days, if vaguely.  There is no need to hurry away your youth, enjoy it while it lasts, but don’t spend your life pining away for that which shall never be again, at least while this world lasts.”
Cieren smiled slightly in amusement, “you may appear young sir, but you certainly sound as prudent and pontificate as well as any of your Brothers.”
“Thanks, I think,” said Jace with a shake of his head, not sure if he liked being lumped in with those a century or two older than himself, “aren’t you going to be late for class?”
To which the boy replied, “this is my next class.”
Jace frowned, “a private lesson or do I get to make you run errands for me?”
Cieren shrugged, “as you would wish it, sir.”
“Enough with the sir,” said Jace with a grin, “unfortunately I don’t have a saddle for you to polish or a floor that needs scrubbing, so I suppose we had best work on your swordsmanship.”  The boy nodded eagerly and they set to work, but Jace was going to have words with a certain busybody of a Captain of the Shadow, for though he wasn’t certain, he did not think private sword lessons were a common occurrence during one’s education in Astoria.
After the lesson he sent Cieren off to his next class and set to work with his own.  As the intermediate class hastened off to lunch, Jace returned to the courtyard in search of a certain servant, whom he found in his usual place by the main gate.  Said he quietly, “might I have a word with you?”
Jared looked about to see that he would not be needed in the next few minutes and then nodded, motioning for Jace to join him in a secluded nook on the far side of the courtyard where they might speak in relative privacy.  Said Jared with a slight smile, “are you by chance concerned about a certain new Student and the aberrations in his schedule?”
Jace nodded, “what exactly is going on with the boy?”
Jared chuckled, “boy?  He’s about your own age, if we overlook your eighty year leave of absence.”
Jace sighed, “that is quite true, but I still do not understand.”
“Neither do I, lad,” said Jared quietly, “but there are those on the hunt for this particular boy and he will soon need to decide whom, if anyone, he will allow to catch him.”
“Who is after him?” asked Jace in surprise, “besides the Enemy, that is?”  He shivered, “not that that isn’t bad enough, but there are others too?”
Jared said soberly, “the most implacable Hunter in the world or beyond it.”  He smiled slightly, “the same that worried you nigh unto death and then delivered you from it.”
“Ah!” said Jace in relief, “Cieren is far wiser than I ever was at that age, perhaps he will prove less stubborn as well.”
Jared chuckled, “we can only hope.  I thought he might benefit from a little extra attention now and then.”
Jace’s eyes went wide, “you want to recruit him for the Shadow!”
Jared looked about quickly but no one was within hearing distance, “don’t be ridiculous lad, or speak such things aloud in a public venue!”  Jace abashedly muttered his apologies for his outburst as Jared continued, “I don’t decide who does or doesn’t get such a chance, that is the Master’s prerogative alone, but that is how the matter stands, and I think why our Enemy is so intent on owning this lad’s soul.  He will do anything to keep a man from entering the Shadow, for once he does, he is usually beyond his reach and a very real threat to his plans and minions.  Remember what Hawk endured just before his recruitment?”
Jace shuddered, “that I will never forget!”  He grinned ruefully, “not that some of us needed any help from the Enemy to evade such an entanglement; I did a very good job of avoiding it all on my own, and should have died a heretic for it.”
Jared smiled grimly, “aye lad, but our Master is far more patient and gracious than we can begin to imagine.  Now keep an eye on that lad, for our Enemy does not sleep.”  His smile deepened in eagerness, “but neither does our Master.”  Jace nodded his thanks and returned to the practice yard, just in time for his next class.  Jared watched him go, a proud, thoughtful smile on his face.  Yes, the boy had fought fiercely against his destiny, but once he embraced it, he had done so with all his heart and had never looked back, even in the face of death, danger, pain, tedium, and fear.  He was turning out to be one of the Shadow’s finest agents.


5

At the end of the day, Jace was exhausted and wondered how his comrades did this day in and day out, year after year.  Yes, his strange and varied missions could be tiring, but one assumed that to be the case.  He had never expected teaching to be so rewarding yet so draining!  A new respect suddenly dawned in his heart for those who made this their life’s work; it took just as much gusto to rise each morning and teach every day as it did to face down a bandit king in his stronghold.  Eagerly did he go into the evening meal, tired but well satisfied with the day’s work; he was beginning to see why Hawk so enjoyed his position.  He smiled knowingly, for the man was indefatigable thanks to his curious nature as a member of the Shadow.  It was a completely different matter when one was just a mortal man!
He sat quietly in a corner by himself as he ate, knowing hardly anyone present in Astoria any longer, save for a budding acquaintance with a few of his Students, but it was not for one of the Brethren, and a teacher at that, to fraternize with the Students.  His current persona had no history, no past, no friends or shared memories, and for the first time he felt keenly his separation from ‘normal’ men, which was part of his calling, yet he was bereft of all that which had made it tolerable in the past.  He was again at the mercy of time, death, disease, sorrow, pain, exhaustion, and loneliness, yet he no longer had the succor of his fellow mortals to ease the discomfort.  He sighed heavily as he brooded on these disquiet thoughts, but a shadow suddenly blocked his view of the room as someone stood before him.
Jace gaped, “Kent!”
The Warrior grinned, “in the flesh, might I join you?”
Jace slid over and smiled wanly, “by all means, the only thing you are disturbing is my tendency to mope, thus you have come just in time to save me from myself.”
Kent frowned as he seated himself, “what are you talking about?  I hear you are the new swordmaster, at least for a time; dare I ask what that is about?”
Jace smiled ruefully, “it is certainly a strange situation, but then I suppose you have never known me under any other circumstances.”  He glanced about quickly to make sure no one would inadvertently hear and then continued, “I’m a mortal man.”
Kent blinked in surprise, but considering the boy’s history and mysterious occupation, what little of it the Warrior knew, little came as a surprise anymore.  Said he quietly, “I won’t ask you for the details then, as I suppose you won’t be able to share them anyway, but I’m still happy to call you friend, whatever betide.”
Jace smiled warmly, “I appreciate that, you little know how much!”  His smile became rueful, “even after all I have put you through, you still call me friend?”
Kent chuckled, “it isn’t as if you were a condemned murderer who mercilessly cut down one of the greatest heroes Astoria has ever known.”
“That would be a pity indeed,” came a joyous voice, as two sets of eyes went wide and focused in relief on the highly amused Baye, who was just settling himself beside them.  He continued with a laugh, “now tell me more about this legendary hero?”
Jace snorted, “he was just that, I’m not even sure he really existed.  There’s not even a proper grave to mark that he had ever been.”
Baye nodded, “it is a strange tale at that, but then a man can never be anything more or less than a man, regardless of what the tales make him out to be.”  He eyed Jace significantly, “as is the case with you lad, no matter your circumstance, as with us all.”
Jace was on his feet in a moment, warmly greeting his friend and mentor.  They settled again, like civilized men, though Kent’s eyes were inexplicably wet, allergies perhaps?  Said Baye quietly, “so I hear you have gotten yourself into a rather intriguing fix.”  He grinned wickedly, “how long have you been plotting to take Hawk’s position?”  They all laughed at this and the conversation turned to more general topics before they all felt the need to retire for the evening, Jace much encouraged by his friends and their words.

Cieren was quickly finding his place among the Students, though with an awkward past, he was of a sociable and friendly nature, which adapted quickly and warmly to his sudden immersion into human society, wherein he throve.  He was also possessed of a ready wit, a quick mind, and a natural athleticism, which did not hurt either.  Perhaps he was not as handsome as the stories required up and coming heroes to be, but one cannot have everything, at least not on the first day.  He settled in quickly, made friends, excelled in his various classes, and it was not long before he felt as if there had never been a time that he had not been in Astoria.  It was not long before he was moved into the intermediate sword class and then into the advanced class not long thereafter.  For the first time in his life, he felt he had something to be proud of and something to look forward to.
He even managed to fall in love, for where would such a story, or our hero, be without a bit of romance?  Her name was Karin and she was his sparring partner his first day in the advanced sword class.  She was a beautiful creature and he was smitten from the first; her obvious skill with a blade only deepened his infatuation.  He lingered after, as was now his custom, for a private lesson with the new swordmaster.  Said Jace with a hint of a smile, as the boy stared longingly in the direction the lady had long since vanished, “quit your gaping and pick up your sword.”
Cieren returned from his mental wanderings in far happier climes to the now rather dull real world, “how am I to win such an exquisite creature?”
Jace smiled ruefully, “one doesn’t pursue a woman as he might a stag or a trophy; they have as much will, probably more so, than their lovelorn admirers.  She is a worthy woman, but I don’t know if she would welcome your suit.”
Cieren frowned, “what do you mean?”
Jace said cautiously, sensing how easily he might offend the smitten youth, “she has her heart set on joining the Brethren, the Messenger sect even!  She isn’t likely to throw it aside on a whim.  To even have a chance, you’d have to take the Oath, though it can’t be taken for so frivolous a purpose, and even then, nothing would be guaranteed.”
“We’ll see,” said Cieren far too quietly, “perhaps it is not so hopeless as you think.  What could the Brethren offer her that I could not?”
Jace raised his sword to face off with the distracted youth, “hope.”  The boy scowled, but said nothing as he raised his sword in preparation; the match was certainly a bit more intense than either of them had anticipated, at least on Cieren’s side of things.  Afterwards, he withdrew without a word, lost in thought.  Jace uneasily watched him go, knowing somehow that the time of decision was nigh.  The boy must soon decide what he would do with his life and whom he would serve.  Jace offered up a silent prayer and made ready for his next class.

Cieren had found a new purpose in life, but also a fresh source of discouragement and shame.  He avidly pursued the lady, but she did not return his affections and made a point of avoiding him.  After his confrontation with Jace, he no longer felt the need or desire for private lessons and asked that his schedule be adjusted accordingly, so that he need not confront the man on an individual basis any longer, but only within the safety of a large group.  Jared watched the sundering with concern, which was only deepened as he watched the youth pine away for that which it seemed he could never have.
At last the boy confronted his beloved and asked, “what is it I must do to win your heart, lady?”
Said she, not insensible to his heartache, “my heart belongs to another, therefore I cannot lightly give it away.”
Said Cieren gruffly, “who is this who has stolen that which I desire above all else?”
She shook her head gravely and withdrew with a sigh, “I would think it was obvious sir, fare thee well!”
He frowned after her, wondering who this mysterious lover might be and silently vowed to make the villain recant, that the lady’s heart might be his and his alone, little understanding that he could not win by force of arms a thing that must be willingly bestowed by the lady herself and that such behavior was not likely to further his cause in her eyes.  He followed her silently out into the courtyard after the evening meal, curious as to whither she would be going at such an hour and his heart sank as he saw whence her steps carried her.
She entered the weapons yard and sought out the swordmaster, who was still busy about some forgotten task at that hour.  He turned to face the lady as he sensed her approach, while Cieren hid himself from sight but could plainly hear all that passed between them.
Said she eagerly after the proper formalities, “I have no greater desire, but the Lady asks for proof.  I need you to testify on my behalf, if you are so willing?”
He bowed, “it would be an honor and a privilege, my lady.”
She bestowed a beautiful smile upon him and vanished from the yard, Cieren watched her go in vehemence as he thought he realized what this brief interlude must mean.  One true love, hah!  He had called her a worthy lady, yet cautioned him in his pursuit; take his Oath indeed!  Why had he not seen it before?  He leapt from the shrubbery wherein he had secreted himself and confronted the villain in his den, “what is the meaning of this?  You knew I was in love with the woman yet had not the courage to tell me you wanted her for yourself!”
Jace frowned, taking a step back from the furious youth in dismay, “what on earth are you talking about?  I barely know the girl, and certainly not on a romantic level!  Do not be absurd.”
Cieren took hold of a sword from the rack nearest him, it was no wooden practice blade, as Jace held up his empty hands in dismay, a shiver of disturbing familiarity running down his spine; the moment of decision was upon them.  Cieren pointed the blade at his former teacher, “take up your sword lest I spit you like a defenseless pig!”
With a sigh, Jace drew forth his own sword, knowing the boy was not in jest; above on one of the battlements, a great raven croaked in harsh triumph and another, darker shudder assaulted Jace’s already unnerved spine.  Said he quietly, “it is not as you think it Cieren, put away the sword and let us settle this as reasonable men!”
Cieren barked a bitter laugh, “what is there of reason in love or war?  This is how men have settled affairs of the heart since time began!”
“Little you know,” said Jace with a sad smile as Cieren closed the gap between them, lunging at the man who taught him everything he knew of the sword, “love is not won in combat but rather given willingly from one heart to another.  This will do nothing but further sunder you from your lady love.”
As the contest began in earnest, Cieren mocked, “will you admit your part in this affair?  She claims to have but one love and I know it is you!”
Jace shook his head as he blocked an overeager thrust from his protégé, “she spoke of the Master, not a mortal man!  And I least of all!”
He snarled, “then what was it she so eagerly asked of you just now?  If not to testify of your love for her before the Lady of Astoria?”
Jace rolled his eyes, continuing to parry the boy’s increasingly wild thrusts but offering no counterstrokes of his own, merely defending himself, said he, “she wishes to apprentice with the Messengers and the Lady wishes to know that she is qualified to do so, she would like me to vouch for her martial skills, that is all!”  As he finished speaking, Cieren finally managed to breach his defenses and thrust his sword through Jace’s abdomen.  He crumpled with a groan and lay insensible in a quickly spreading pool of his own blood.  Cieren dropped his sword in horror at both his misperception and its tragic results; he stared blankly at his handiwork for a moment and then fled from the yard.  The raven croaked again and then fluttered after the fugitive as a silent witness emerged from the same shrubs Cieren had so recently vacated.
“Oh no you don’t,” said Baye with a grim smile as he knelt beside his former apprentice, “you can’t die that easily.”  He laid a firm hand to Jace’s chest and sent a pulse of lifesaving light into the moribund swordmaster.  
Jace sat up with a groan, favoring his mentor with a longsuffering smile, “I nearly escaped this mortal prison, but for you and your meddling.”
Baye laughed and offered him a hand, “sorry lad, orders.  You can’t retire from mortality quite yet, don’t ask me why, but you had best go track down your renegade.”
Jace gained his feet and raised an eyebrow, “my renegade, hmmm?  I suppose he is at that.”  He gave his mentor a wry smile, “is this how you felt when saddled with a certain wild apprentice?”
Baye chuckled, “nay lad, you had already been caught and tamed by the time I had the training of you; well, you were green broke at least.”
Jace quipped as he dashed from the practice yard, “you are absolutely no help at all in this matter!”  Baye’s grin widened significantly as he raised a hand in farewell.  Jace entered the courtyard and glanced about, hoping for some sign of the fugitive, wondering whither the boy had fled and how he was to find him.  And then he remembered where he might run in such an instance.

Cieren stood on the great lawn adjacent to the courtyard, staring up forlornly at the waxing moon, hanging heavy in the sky.  What was he to do?  How could he have wrought such a tragedy?  One foolish, awful mistake and his entire life was over!  Neither could he simply flee Astoria, for he could not escape the guilt and shame that now roiled in his heart.  His eyes fell on a great black raven perched on the outer wall, croaked the unnatural bird, “what choice remains to you now boy?  You are an outcast and a murderer, even if your head doesn’t roll, no one will look at you the same again.  I am your only hope.”
“No!” said the boy vehemently, “I may die for my crimes or spend the rest of my life as a pariah and a byword, but I know what comes of those that submit willingly to you, and I will not be one of them.”
The vile creature seemed to shrug, as if it were of no matter to him, and flapped off with a mocking laugh, “so be it, you have chosen your own doom.  Your end is the same whether you come to me willingly or not.  Today or tomorrow, it matters not, the Abyss is all your future.”  Cieren shuddered as the Fiend vanished and then would have collapsed in a weeping heap, had he not laid eyes on a veritable ghost, albeit one wearing rags and covered in blood.
Cieren said dryly, “let me guess, you want my soul too?”
Jace gave him a rather strange look, as if this were a common question and he could not fathom why people kept asking it of him, but said brightly, “I would certainly prefer a chat instead.”
Cieren shrugged and began to pace beneath the trees, the alternating moonlight and shadows giving the uncanny scene all the eeriness it deserved and more.  The dead man joined him and they walked together in silence for some minutes until Cieren at last sighed, “so what is it you want, ghost?”
Jace smiled wryly and held out his hand that the other might feel its warmth and the pulse therein, said he, “I am a man of flesh and blood, as much as you.  Now before you are eaten alive with guilt, tell me how this night shall end?”
Cieren shrugged, “whatever the outcome, however you miraculously survived or even if you did not and this is some figment of my overwrought sensibilities, I can see no future for myself.  Either I must die for my sins or live forever an outcast from civilized men.”
Jace said quietly, “would you choose redemption instead?”
Cieren froze, “I thought I had no need of such a concept, your story, while touching, was not something that applied to me, for what need had I of redemption, good man that I was?”  He laughed hollowly, “but perhaps I was wrong, perhaps it applies to all men, for who is good, truly?”  He looked sadly upon his companion, “can you forgive me?”
Jace smiled, part rueful, part sad, “I have been guilty of hastiness in my own turn, not to mention stubbornness and willful blindness to all that is truly important.  How can I not forgive you when so much has been forgiven me?  The hard part is forgiving yourself and allowing the Master to do so also.”
Cieren sighed deeply, “a feat that I must finally allow.  What now?”
Jace evenly met the boy’s resigned gaze and said, a slight smile on his face, “to the dungeons.”
Cieren’s eyes widened in astonishment but he nodded in grim acceptance, thinking it appropriate to the severity of his crimes; where else would a guilty man await his sentence?  Jace led the way, Cieren followed, a silent shadow in his wake.  They found the cells empty and the place abandoned, save for a flickering candle in one of the far cells.  Cieren stepped within without a word as Jace said quietly, “you must soon make a decision; I will leave you to your contemplations and prayers.  You might find a little reading helpful.  Farewell.”  With these cryptic words, he locked the door and vanished up the stairs, Cieren staring after him in wonder.  He turned to find a chair and two ancient books his only other companions in the otherwise vacant cell.  With a shrug, he settled down to wait for whatever was to come; somehow he did not think it would be the Lady passing sentence.
As Jace emerged from the dungeons, he met Baye at the top of the stairs.  They fell silently into step together and closeted themselves in the swordmaster’s small room.  “He isn’t even a believer,” said Jace in concern.
Baye smiled slightly, “not yet at least, but who knows what he will decide in that cell?”
Jace shook his head, “but if he should decide against the Shadow and yet be unrepentant?”
Baye put a firm hand on the lad’s shoulder, “it does not work that way.  If he cannot reconcile himself to the Master, he will not be Asked, it is as simple as that.  Then he must face the Lady’s justice.”
Jace frowned, “and if he chooses the Shadow?  What of justice then?”
Baye smiled in vast amusement, “then his crime will be like unto the time you murdered me in cold blood before half the keep and the penalty no doubt the same.”
“Come!” said Jace, at last catching the man’s mirth, “it was only about a third.  No wonder I killed you, who can stand such a liar?”
Baye stood then, studying the boy with an amused smile, “you had best get cleaned up and then get some sleep, mortal man that you are.”
Jace smiled wryly, “no thanks to you, good night my friend.”
Baye nodded in farewell, “you are very welcome.”

Jace found himself standing before the Lady very early the next morning and she was far from happy about it, said she in consternation, not trying to hide her vexation from her brother, “why is there a student locked away in the dungeons and blood all over the practice yard?”
Jace swallowed hard, mentally kicking himself for forgetting to clean up the mess, said he at last, “it is Shadow business Lady and I cannot tell you more.”
She glared at him in disbelief, she had to tolerate this sort of thing from Jared, but did not think her brother had the same right, said she in quiet fury, “what happened Jace?”
Jace studied his boot tips for a very long moment, but finding no answers there, he said, “the boy and I had a slight misunderstanding last night, no permanent harm was done, but he has a very important decision to make, and depending upon that decision, we may involve you further in the matter or we may not.”
She sighed in resignation, “I suppose that is all I shall ever know?  Do as you must then, but how many of my students are you going to steal for your precious Shadow?”
Jace smiled wryly, “I hope this shall be the last for many a year, my Lady.”  
He bowed deeply and she dismissed him, calling after, “get the practice yard in order before your students arrive!”  He bowed his head in acquiescence and hastened from the room.

Cieren sat alone in the dungeons, utterly dark save for his lone candle, studying the ancient books with an eagerness he could not explain.  Jace had explained much on their journey to Astoria and he had picked up even more from his classmates and teachers during his residence there, but never had he felt so keenly how much it applied to himself in particular as well as to humanity in general.  For there was no humanity in general, only individual people, each of whom must decide whose they were, a decision which had eternal repercussions.  He had blatantly defied the master of darkness, but he was still a citizen of that grim kingdom, unless he was willing to bend knee to the Master Himself.  There in the dark, a small candle his only light, he finally understood.  He wanted that Light; he wanted to be free of this kingdom of evil and death.  He yearned for his true home, a realm of light and joy and beauty, far beyond the confines of this vale of tears, and that night he set foot firmly upon the path that would lead thither.  He returned to his books, growing more curious with each turn of the page; his heart was strangely anxious within him, as if he were in the midst of some story in which something very exciting lurked just round the corner, for in very truth he was.

After leaving the Lady’s presence and cleaning up his mess, Jace thought it advisable to place a watch on the outer dungeon door, lest disaster result, something he should have done the previous evening, but in all the excitement he had overlooked this rather important detail.  First he decided to check on the boy, perhaps he had in fact made a decision against the whole thing and there was no sense wasting anyone’s time any longer.


6

But he found Baye leaning casually against said door, waiting for him with a grin on his face, “forget something?”
Jace glanced awkwardly at his feet, a gesture which was becoming all too common of late, “that I did.”
Baye laughed, “not surprising, this being your first time in such a predicament and with all the excitement besides,” he sobered, “but it could have been disastrous had someone inadvertently been down there at the wrong moment.  I’ve warded the door this night, but we’ll need to post a proper watch until all is finished, one way or another.”
Jace looked suddenly uncomfortable, “someone was down there.  The Lady summoned me very early this morning and commented both on the Student inexplicably held in the dungeon and the bloody mess in the practice yard.”
Baye looked grim and rather sheepish, a rather disconcerting combination, “I knew I had forgotten something and here I am chastising you for being just as careless!  It must have been during our brief conversation in your quarters, otherwise I have warded the door.  This is not good, there is a spy in our midst and it seems he’s intent on causing problems; we’ll have to be careful, the last thing we need is someone exposing the Shadow.”
Jace took a step towards the door, “I wanted to check on Cieren.”
Baye adamantly shook his head, “absolutely not my dear mortal, do you have any idea what would happen to you if the Master suddenly made His appearance?”
Jace sighed heavily, “I should have thought of that, this mortality thing is really becoming a drag!”
Baye clapped him encouragingly on the shoulder, “easy lad, there is some reason for it else the Master would have let you slip away last night without my interference.  Patience.”
Jace snorted, “patience was so much easier when I was beyond the usual constraints of time and space.”
Baye frowned thoughtfully, “I had never thought of that, but you do have a point.  Now go attend to your minions.”  He suddenly drew his sword, his face grim, “but I think I will be checking on your friend after all.”  He ghosted through the door and hastened below.  Jace stood there is shock, wondering what it was his friend had sensed, unable to move until he knew one way or the other.

Cieren sat in his cell, absorbed in his book, his eyes red and aching from too much reading in too little light, but he could not stop.  As he finished the last page, he looked up in triumph only to drop the book in horror, as he looked straight into the eyes of death.  A man, or something at least of a mannish shape, though wrought entirely of shadow with eyes like glowing embers, stood in the cell with him.  It had no facial features per se, but he could feel its triumphant, gloating smile, all its hatred and contempt for those that yet wore flesh.  He gave an ironic snort as he gained his feet, refusing to die sitting helplessly in a chair, not that dying helplessly on his feet was much of an improvement, but to have it all end like this, after everything, was rather anticlimactic.  At least he would not be long in discovering that strange new country that was his true home.
The wraith seemed rather disappointed, “this is it then?  No pleas for mercy, no terror?  You’re just going to stand there insipidly, waiting for me to pounce?  You defied my master and he has decreed you shall not live to serve another, hence my presence, but you aren’t going to say or do anything?”
Cieren shrugged, “would it make any difference?”
The shadow sulked, “it would make my part of things a bit more interesting at least, you could consider my feelings you know.”  He glanced about anxiously, “it is not as if it is easy being a nameless henchman of the world’s most vile Fiend.”  The wraith brightened suddenly, “now there’s an idea!  You have a chance to spare your life and make mine far better.  What do you say?  I just need a bit of blood and all this will work out just splendidly.”
Cieren stared at the creature, “now who is being insipid?  Just get on with it, if you must!”
The fiend shrugged, “it was just a thought.  Oh well, where were we?  Ah yes!”  His eyes lit up as if someone was blowing on smoldering coals and Cieren knew fear.
“Wait!” came the stern command.  Two sets of eyes, one fiendish and one human, turned to stare in wonder and a little annoyance at the intruder.  The fiend had had his moment of triumph interrupted while Cieren just wanted this nonsense to be over.
“Now what?” whined the shade.
Baye stood there, sword at the ready, but rather perplexed at such a rebuttal.  Said he, recovering himself, “I will allow your escape if you spare the boy.  Slink back into the shadows from whence you came and you need not be destroyed.”
The wraith snorted, “as if I would dare do that, my master’s wrath would be far worse than anything you could possibly do to me.  Once I’m done with this morsel I’ll be more than happy to do the same to you, or you can take your own advice and slink off like the helpless cur you are.”
The menace in Baye’s voice drew both sets of eyes back to himself in horrified fascination, both took an unconscious step back when they looked upon his slightly radiant form, said he with deadly confidence, “do not mistake me for some helpless fool, I can and will loose my Master’s light.”
The shadow hissed, “you would obliterate us all!  Including this wretched boy you think to save!”
Baye’s grim but eager smile sent the shade huddling in the far corner of the cell, as Baye demanded, “who let you in?  You could not have entered the castle without help from within.”
The wretched creature whined, “it was one of the servants; he let me in!”
“Which one?” asked Baye sternly.
The shade was on its feet again, its ire rising, “how should I know?  You mortals all look the same to me!  Now how are we to settle this?”
Baye raised his sword and the glow about him increased slightly in intensity, “that is completely up to you.  Slink off now and face your master’s wrath or soon you shall face the true Master of All.  You could always repent, you know.”
The creature scoffed, “now why would I want to do that?”
Baye smiled wryly, “I am one of the Brethren, I had to ask; it is an occupational hazard.”
“Oh yes,” shrugged the wraith, “I had forgotten, but now back to business.”
“Of course,” said Baye, turning to the boy, “are you ready lad?”
Cieren had been watching the uncanny conversation with interest, his eyes alight with curiosity, wondering how much of the stories were true, or if they even told half of what was to come.  He caught Baye’s eye and nodded gravely, a slight but eager smile on his face.  Baye’s smile deepened and he loosed the Light.
Jace felt it to his very soul, for though mortal he be, this was now all his heritage and purpose.  He smiled slightly to himself and then turned to go, for it was growing treacherously close to the first class period and he could not keep his Students waiting; he looked directly into the eyes of a smirking man in the uniform of one of the servants.  Jace frowned at the man, who bobbed an awkward bow, muttered an apology, and fled.  Jace shook his head, wondering if the fellow was so new to his service that he had no idea as to how to act towards one of the Brethren.  Even staring like that at one of the Students would be considered highly improper and possible grounds for reprimand.  He frowned again, but had no more time to spend upon the matter, for his Students were no doubt already awaiting him in the practice yard.  He dashed off in very improper haste and arrived only just in time.  The strange servant watched him go with another smirk, hidden behind a turning of the corridor.

As the Students hastened off to their noon meal, Jace at last had time to consider the odd servant; there was definitely something he did not like or trust about the man.  A thought occurred to him and he dashed off to interrogate the one servant he knew he could trust.  He found Jared on the far side of the great lawn, already deep in conference with Baye.  They looked up and grew silent at his sudden approach, Jace felt the wariness in their eyes, but it swiftly dissipated as recognition dawned, Jared motioned for him to join them, “come lad, this concerns you as well.”
Jace nodded and swiftly joined the little soiree, as Baye continued, flashing a smile of welcome at the newcomer, “there was a wraith in the dungeons this morning; he said one of the servants let him in.”
Jace shivered, “that’s why I came looking for you, Captain.  I saw a man in a servant’s livery this morning, smirking at me like he was up to some mischief; I’ve never seen the like, at least among the servants in Astoria.”
Jared shook his head gravely, “at least we can identify the traitor then; we’d best confront him before he gets up to more mischief.”  He turned questioning eyes upon them, “he’s already let a wraith into the keep and has carried tales to the Lady, who knows what else he is apt to get up to?  Find him and bring him to me immediately; we can’t have him revealing things that should remain hidden.”  They bowed deeply and vanished in search of their quarry, for Jace had very little time before he must return to his Students.  Jared glanced about worriedly, hoping no one had witnessed such a display, certainly appropriate for the Captain of the Shadow but highly improper for a mere servant; he smiled wryly at his own paranoia when he saw they were unobserved, rather surprised at how much this uncanny servant’s subterfuge was unsettling him.

Marin sat in his study, pouring over an ancient text when there came a furtive knock upon the door.  He looked up in surprise, wondering who would disturb him at such an hour; it must truly be important.  As the senior Philosopher on the Council of Six, he was unlikely to be disturbed upon a whim, only the most dire of circumstances would bring someone to his door at this hour, which was usually reserved for study.  He stood and answered the summons, not surprised to find a servant standing without, but truly astonished when the man said, “could I come in, sir?  I have a disturbing matter I must discuss with you, alone.”
Perplexed and intrigued by the man’s boldness, Marin motioned for the servant to enter and offered him a chair, a thing unheard of for a man in his position, but so much was his curiosity piqued that he thought little of it.  “Now,” said the Philosopher, once they were settled, “what is this pressing matter?”
“I am not precisely sure, sir,” said the servant, “but I have noticed some uncanny events of late and I thought I had best bring them to your attention.”
“Why me?” asked Marin, a skeptical frown on his face, “does the Lady know?”
The servant looked very uneasy, “that’s just it.  I told her of the matter and she did not seem overly alarmed.  I fear she may be involved somehow, or at least indifferent to the seriousness of the affair.”
Marin scowled, “these are severe charges of which to accuse the Lady when you little understand the situation yourself!”
The servant gaped nervously at his slip, forgetting how protective these Brethren were of their Lady’s so-called honor, said he quickly, “forgive me sir, I forget myself; I am just so unsettled by these happenings that I do not know what to do.  Perhaps once you have heard what I have to tell you will understand?”
“For your sake, let us hope so,” said Marin gruffly, “proceed.”
The servant bobbed his head nervously and began, a note of triumph in his voice despite his unease, “I have only been in service here a very short time, sir, so please pardon my ignorance as pertains to the protocol attending my status, but in that time I have noticed some uncanny goings on amongst a certain few, nay downright disturbing!  There are two of the Messengers, a certain Student, and one of the senior servants all involved, sir.  The Student has vanished entirely sir and I fear foul play.”  He then went on to explain what it was he had seen in the practice yard, the dungeon, and elsewhere.
When he had finished, Marin asked quietly, “you said you brought the matter to the Lady?”
“Yes, sir,” said he, “and I believe she summoned the new swordmaster to give an account of himself quite early this morning, but it seems nothing further has been done.”
Marin said grimly, “your account is thoroughly disturbing and I shudder to think what might be going on, if things are as grim as you imply.  I shall speak with the Lady upon the matter immediately, thank you for bringing it to my attention.  Do not speak of this to anyone else without my leave, do you understand?”
The servant smiled archly, “certainly sir.”  He made his bows and vanished while Marin went immediately to the library to search the records pertaining to the individuals in question, as he knew little to nothing about them while the servant suddenly found himself accosted by a very grim looking Baye.

Baye asked the triumphantly smirking fellow to accompany him, an order with which he happily complied, knowing he could truthfully say he was bound to secrecy on the matter by one even they dared not defy.  Jace was busy with his classes but Jared was more than ready to hear the insolent man’s testimony.  The moment they were alone, Jared rounded on the fellow, “what are you up to?”
The snitch grinned exultantly, “I am forbidden from speaking of this matter to anyone without the leave of the senior Philosopher on the Council of Six.”
Baye gaped, “he tells the truth!”
Jared stared at the insolent man, “who do you work for?  What is your fell master’s intent?  You can answer those questions without violating your promise to the Councilor, for I am certain he knows nothing of the matter, else he would not have so easily accepted your testimony.”
“Very good,” smirked the servant, “but just because I know something and am not bound to secrecy does not mean I am obliged to tell you, and don’t bother threatening to take it to the Lady or to use your seniority against me, for if something should happen to me at this precise moment, your case will look all the more grim.”
Jared frowned in consternation and said in an aside to Baye, “the wretched man is right, but we are not completely helpless.”  He turned to the smirking servant and said darkly, “we are not unaware that you assisted a certain shadowy figure in gaining entrance to the keep.”
The man flinched in surprise but said boldly, “and how many of your comrades and superiors actually know that said ‘shadowy figures’ exist, and how will making them aware of said creatures affect your own secrets?”
Jared said sharply, “this shall not end well for you, if you persist in revealing what the Master Himself has deemed secret.”
The servant scoffed, “let your precious Master’s wrath fall full upon me then!  Gladly do I bring to light that which you have so treacherously hidden from us all!  Your Master is master of nothing but lies and deceit, if he exists at all; it is high time you Brethren are shown to be the charlatans that you truly are.”
“You have been warned,” said Jared grimly, “be gone!”  The servant gave him a mocking bow and vanished, his scornful laughter echoing in the corridor as he fled.  Jared exchanged a worried glance with Baye, “we had best inform the Lady of that which is to come.”
Baye said quietly, “this secret is not ours to keep or defend.  Let Him who has decreed that it must be so see to its protection.”
Jared smiled ruefully, “you are right my friend.  You would think that I would remember such things after so long in this service!”
Baye laughed, “sometimes it is hardest for those of us who have been at it for a long time to remember the very basics of what we do, so caught up do we become in the intricacies of our work.”  He smiled wryly, “often it is the novices who are the most eager to serve and the most thorough in their work.”
Jared nodded thoughtfully, “I wonder if that is not part of the reason for all the new blood in the Shadow of late?”  He smiled dryly, “just to keep we old fellows on our toes.”  They shared a laugh and then went to speak with the Lady, but she was already meeting with one of the Six.  They exchanged a significant look and returned to their duties, wondering what would come of the matter, but there was nothing else to be done, at least on their part, for the moment.  They could only attend to their duties and await the summons.

The Lady’s meeting with Marin was unexpected and completely unwelcome, for she found herself quite trapped, for she must appear to maintain order, objectivity, and justice within the Brethren, the keep, and Astoria as a whole, yet she must also protect secrets to which she herself was not even privy.  The only bright spot in the whole ordeal was that Jared would soon have some explaining to do, a meeting to which she looked forward with grim anticipation.  Marin’s search of the records had turned up little to nothing on those involved, which only increased his unease and suspicions.  How did one join the Brethren, particularly the Messengers, with no record of an Oathtaking or an apprenticeship, as was the case with both of the men in question?  Why had such a young and inexperienced fellow with little to no history replaced Hawk so suddenly as swordmaster?  Where was the vanished Student?  It reeked of scandal and the Lady’s vague answers did nothing to calm the disquiet Philosopher.
In parting he said, “I must bring this to the attention of the Council, Lady.”
She bowed her head, but said grimly, “that is your right and duty Marin, but I fear you are playing directly into the hands of our enemies.  Things seem unsettling, I agree, but I assure you, there is no sinister plot against the Brethren, the Master, or Astoria itself, but you must do what you feel is right.”
He bowed deeply, “it is my hope, Lady, that we might resolve this matter quickly and with as little scandal as possible, but you know I have no choice but to bring it before the Council.”  She nodded resignedly and motioned that he was excused.  The moment he was gone, she summoned one of her servants and asked that a certain Messenger and servant be brought before her, the swordmaster too, if he was free.  The man bowed and hastened to fulfill her wishes.  She sat grimly in her chair, her mood boding ill for those she had summoned.
Baye, Jared, and Jace soon stood before her, each looking more awkward and guilty than the other.  Said she in exasperation, “so what is to come of all this?  Now the Council is asking questions to which I have no answers!  There is a servant willing to give some very disturbing testimony, which sadly happens to be quite true!  How am I to protect your secrets if I do not even know them myself?”
Jared bowed and said, “I am well aware of the awkwardness of your situation Lady, but it is not for any of us to defend the Shadow; that is rather the Master’s responsibility and to Him must we trust the resolution of this matter.  We cannot betray the secrets with which we have been entrusted, but neither need we dread that they might come out by another means.  We can only remain faithful in our own right and trust the rest to Him.  You shall have our full cooperation in this matter and we thank you for yours.”
She looked far more resigned than mollified, but nodded, “very well, it can be no worse than the time my brother forced my hand and made a mockery of himself.”
Jace grinned widely, “hopefully no one need lose his head over this matter.”
She gave him a patient look, but a slight twitch of her lips betrayed her amusement, continued she, “very well, we shall see how the matter plays out and ride out the storm as best we can.  What can you tell me of the instigator of this scandal?”
Baye shuddered, “he was planted in Astoria not long ago by our enemies to make trouble as he might.  We know of a certain that he allowed a wraith into the keep early this morning.”
She frowned, “a wraith?”
Jared replied, “a man who has sold himself bodily to the Enemy, little more than a shadow with fiery eyes in appearance yet quite deadly under certain circumstances.”
The Lady sighed, “we know the man’s a traitor yet we cannot bring it to the attention of the Council without betraying the existence of these wraith creatures, which may elicit further questions into deeper matters that we would rather not have asked.”
Jared bowed, “precisely my Lady, neither can we mete out justice to this man until all is settled without causing the same problem.  We are quite literally at his mercy.”
She shook her head gravely, “a position in which I am loath to find myself.”  They were dismissed without any more direction or answers than they had at the first, but at least they were content in knowing all was now in the Master’s hands.


7

As they retreated from the Lady’s audience chamber, Jared asked far too casually of Jace, “so are you ready for an apprentice lad?”
Jace stopped suddenly and faced the captain with wide eyes, “what?!”
Baye grinned, “now you know how I felt.”
Jace shook his head, “you had had a few hundred years of experience and weren’t mortal at the time!”
Baye laughed, “true, but I was also a lowly field agent, not one with a cushy position teaching in Astoria; you’ll hardly have to do anything, just let the lad attend class and allow others do the hard work.”
Jared smiled, “you are a Shadow lad, thus fully qualified for all that will be asked of you, regardless of your circumstances at the time.  Am I understood?”  Jace nodded as the captain continued, “good, of course we will have to make a few slight modifications to how this usually works due to your peculiar situation, but otherwise I have no qualms in the matter.”  He shook his head in dismay, “but I hope the timing does not throw further suspicion upon us.”
Baye said dryly, “it does seem that everything is determined to go wrong all at the same time.”
Jared laughed, “it usually does my friend, if I have learned one thing in my time, it is that the maxim, ‘when it rains, it pours,’ is one of the truest statements ever made.”  He sobered and turned to Jace, all business again, “when it is time, I will send Baye to fetch Cieren from the dungeons and to sit with him until he is fit to leave his bed, after that, he shall be your responsibility, though I think Baye must also be the one to teach him control as well.”
Baye groused good-naturedly, “now your mortality is importuning me as well!”
Jace grinned, “not at all, our esteemed swordmaster cannot go sitting beside a sickbed when he should be teaching, besides, if it is my mortality that is at fault, that is completely your own doing and you have no right to complain, you could have let me die and this would no longer be an issue.”
Jared grinned, “he does have a point Baye, but in either case, I’ll let you know when it is time.”  He nodded his acquiescence and they all returned to their duties wondering what would come of it all, but content in knowing they were not alone, whatever betide.  The sneaking servant stepped out of the adjoining hall and grinned malevolently as he watched the little group disperse, what he had just heard only whetting his appetite to know more.  What were the fools involved in and what did they mean by all their talk of shadows, mortality, and death?  He had initially taken this position merely for the money, but he was coming to enjoy his duties immensely and could not wait to see what havoc he could wreak among these pious simpletons, especially when it seemed they truly did have secrets, especially some that they were keeping from one another.

Jace, wearied with the events of the day, thought to take a ride after his last class, but the guards at the gate would not let him pass.  Said the Warrior in dismay, “sorry lad, orders.  The Council and the Lady are meeting at this very moment, and any who might be called to testify are not allowed to leave the keep.”
Jace sighed heavily but nodded his understanding, glad at least that matters might be settled before he need worry about an apprentice.  He smiled ruefully at no one in particular, wondering how he ever thought an assignment in Astoria itself might ever be relaxing, he was a Shadow after all, had he wanted peace and quiet, he would have become a Philosopher.  At least he would only have to deal with one disaster at a time.  As if summoned by the thought, Jared approached with a grave look on his face, “we are summoned before the Council.”
Jace nodded, “why do you look so grim?”
Jared snorted, “it has been a long time since I had to be anything but a quiet, rather anonymous servant.  I don’t like getting involved in public spectacles.”  He smiled wryly, “the last time I did something like this was to testify upon the strange happenings surrounding the Lady’s brother, and we all know how that ended!”
Jace smiled, “I doubt history will be repeating itself in this instance, but it appears you wish to be a shadow within the Shadow?”
Jared smiled wanly, “but of course!”  He sighed heavily, “being the captain of a shadowy organization is a far cry from the public persona one assumes as say, the Lady of Astoria.  Sure, I don’t get the power, awe, and respect due such a personage, but neither do I get the scrutiny and the isolation either.  I’m far more suited to lurking in the shadows as it were.”  He grimaced, “please forgive the pun.”
Jace laughed wryly, “well, since you are a mere servant and I a full Brother, I suppose most of the suspicion and responsibility will fall upon Baye and myself, and as we are somewhat accustomed to public spectacles, perhaps you are off the hook?”
Jared shook his head, “nay lad, their scrutiny will fall the harder on me, for at least you have your Oath to protect you.  I have no such proof in my favor.”
Jace gaped, “but I have never taken the Oath, yet you have!”
Jared smiled knowingly, “aye lad, but appearances are all that matter at the moment.  I can’t exactly shift forms and explain I gave my Oath to Astoria herself.  Just as we can’t mention how much of a traitor our esteemed informant is lest we reveal the existence of wraiths.”
“What are we to do then?” asked Jace in dismay, “they’ll certainly have looked at the records and see that none of us have much of a history.  Our inability to answer their inquiries will only make matters worse.”
“It is all we can do lad, that and hope the Master sends some hope unlooked for,” said Jared with a sigh.  He snorted a laugh, “at least they can’t take your head this time.”
Jace gave him a wry smile, “how often must I portray the villain and cad?”
“As often as necessary lad,” said Jared with a knowing smile, “who knows what will be asked of you next whilst you serve the Shadow?”
By now they had reached the antechamber where they would wait until called by the Council, Baye met them there with a wry smile.  Said he, “this will be an interesting affair.”  He gave Jace an amused grin, “at least I get to watch this time.”
Jace raised an eyebrow, “is it my fault you hadn’t found a better way to end your glorious career before I was asked to bring it to an ignomious close?”
Jared hushed their banter ere someone heard something they should not, and none too soon, for the doors suddenly opened and the snitch exited the main Council chamber, gloating in triumph as he passed.  The three were then summoned to stand before the Council and the Lady, all looking far too grave and serious after the fell servant’s testimony.  Jace was half tempted to offer some humorous quip to lighten the mood, but his sister looked as she had only moments before she had called for his head on a previous occasion and he did not want to risk a repeat performance, at least not if he could help it.
Marin stood and intoned, “you have been called before this Council and the Lady to testify upon some disturbing happenings that have occurred within the very heart of the keep of late.  You are hereby sworn to tell nothing but the truth and to cooperate to the fullest with this Council.  Do you so swear?”  The three remained silent, exchanging uneasy glances.  “You will not agree?” asked the Philosopher in astonishment, the Messengers at least should have done so immediately.
Baye spoke for the trio, “we can speak nothing but the truth sir, to that we readily agree.”
Marin raised an eyebrow, “but you will not cooperate with the Council?”
Baye said reluctantly, “we will do so to the best of our ability sir, but you and your esteemed colleagues may not see it as such.”
Both of Marin’s eyebrows shot into the air, “what nonsense is this?  Either you will cooperate or you won’t, which is it?”
Baye bowed, “we will do the best we can, sir.”
Marin sighed, “I suppose that must suffice.”  The Lady’s grimly amused smile was not lost upon the three; she was delighted to see that she was not the only one whom the three seemed intent on confounding.  “Very well,” continued the Philosopher, “let us begin.  First, why are the records pertaining to the three of you so sparse?  I can understand in the servant’s case, but how is it that two full Brothers, and Messengers at that, have no recorded date of an Oathtaking or of an apprenticeship?  There are no records of you ever having been enrolled as Students either.  What is going on?”
Baye said quietly, “that is a private matter, sir, and one we cannot discuss with anyone besides the Lady.”
Marin smiled grimly, “so this is what you meant by refusing to cooperate!  Your impertinence is not appreciated and I would advise caution lest you break Oath.  Now speak!”
Baye bowed his head, “that I cannot sir.”
“Very well,” said Marin, his voice becoming dangerous as he skewered Jace with his gaze, “and you?”
Jace bowed his head, “I must concur with my comrade, sir.”
Marin shook his head and turned to the Lady, “can you clarify this matter for the Council, my Lady?  Would you call your servants to order?”
She said sternly, “I understand their predicament Marin and am content with their history; there is a reason the information has not been recorded, but that is another matter entirely, it need concern the Council no further for it has nothing to do with the affair in question.”
Marin said with a grudging bow of his head, “very well my Lady, we must trust your judgment in this matter and will move on.  Why did you reassign this boy as acting swordmaster?”
The Lady’s eyes widened minutely as she exchanged an anxious look with Jared, said she, slowly, choosing her words with care, “there was no question as to his ability or competence, if that is of concern to you, though he is rather young and relatively inexperienced, but I believe all will vouch for his success thus far.  As to the particulars, that is a matter solely between myself and the swordmaster, as is my prerogative.”
Marin was not happy but the Lady was correct, the Council could not interfere in the matter unless they had ample reason to do so, which in this case, they did not.  He sighed heavily but quickly moved on, “what of this vanished Student, Cieren?  Where is he, why was he secured in the dungeons in the first place, and why was the Council not apprised of such goings on?”
Baye bowed his head solemnly and said, “sir, the boy should reappear within a day or two, I beg your patience until he does.  As to the facts surrounding his disappearance, his confinement in the dungeons, and so forth, that is a matter strictly between himself and the Lady.”
Marin eyed the Lady and she nodded solemnly before the man said, “will you answer any of my questions?”
Baye shrugged, “it depends what you ask, sir, as I said, we shall do our best.”
Shaking his head in vexation, the Philosopher asked, “our informant claimed there was blood all over the practice yard the morning the boy vanished.  What have you to say to that?”  He eyed Jace in particular.  
The boy exchanged a questioning look with his comrades, but felt he must reply, “the blood was mine, sir.”  Marin flinched in surprise, not having expected that to be the explanation but he motioned for the boy to continue.  Said he, “Cieren was rather upset and thought to amend matters via a sparring match.  I was struck, but in my haste to pursue the boy, I failed to clean up the mess immediately.”
“You speak truly and as you do not seem vitally injured, that and the boy is not here to defend himself, we shall lay the matter aside for the time being,” said Marin in dismay, still finding no satisfactory answers to his questions.  He turned to the Lady, “this is all very disturbing but I find no cause to hold or punish these men or launch a further inquiry, at least if this vanished Student returns, as promised.  But I warn you all, I will be keeping a far closer eye on the lot of you, and if anything suspicious happens, you will be hearing from me.  Am I understood?”  The three bowed their understanding and were summarily dismissed while the Council and Lady drew together to further discuss the matter.
Jared grinned broadly as they withdrew, “a miracle indeed my lads!”
Baye shook his head, “perhaps they found no reason to reprimand us but now the entire Council is suspicious that something is going on.  Can we withstand their increased scrutiny?”
Jared shook his head, “they’ll tire of their vigilance soon enough, something more important will come along to distract them from our paltry conspiracy.  Besides, we can give them no further answers so any future ‘suspicious goings on’ will only confound them the more.  As long as you don’t break Oath and the Lady is behind us, we have little to truly fear.”
“But what of the Lady?” asked Jace anxiously, “are we not threatening her position or undermining her authority?”
Jared grinned, “she proved herself quite competent in the scandal surrounding her brother, besides, only the Master can depose or appoint a Lady of Astoria, the Council can only advise, or perhaps intervene in dire circumstances, which these most certainly are not.”  He trailed off and a look of dread suddenly spread over his countenance.  The others focused their eyes upon that which held Jared’s horrified gaze: the door to the dungeons gaped open, beside it lay the unmoving form of Kent, blood still oozing from a gash at the base of his skull.
Baye knelt beside the prone Warrior and shook his head grimly, but a pulse of light suddenly flashed between them and a smile lit the Messenger’s face, “I was going to say things don’t look good for our friend, but I had best amend that and say he’ll be just fine.”  He looked gravely at the door, “we had best go see what has come of the perpetrator.”  Jace took an eager step forward but Baye shook his head, “sorry lad, stay here with Kent.”  Jace sighed heavily but took Baye’s place at the wounded man’s side as the others went to investigate the dungeons.
Jared and Baye descended at the run, Baye’s hand on his sword hilt, but there was no need for such caution, for there was none fit to challenge them below.  Cieren lay senseless in his cell, still glowing fit to shame the sun, while the treacherous servant lay in the aisle, unmoving, his eyes wide and vacant.  Baye knelt beside the prone form and said in wonder, “he lives!”  
Jared said grimly, “what are we to do with the fellow?  He nearly killed Kent, let a wraith into the castle, is a spy and a gossipmonger, and is now prying directly into Shadow business.”
“Put him in a cell and we’ll bring it to the Lady,” said Baye, “perhaps we can at last have justice and end the fellow’s meddling.”
Jared sighed, “how can we try him for attempted murder when the victim shows no lingering sign of injury?”  
Baye said dryly, “it is not as if we could have simply let Kent die in hopes of pursuing a murder charge.”
Jared laughed in spite of himself, “that did sound rather callous, but you know what I meant.  You had best attend to the lad and I’ll see to the rest.”
Baye entered the cell and knelt beside the still insensate apprentice while Jared lugged the inert snitch into the nearest cell, locked the door, and then ascended from the dungeon.  Kent was sitting up and rubbing the back of his head perplexedly, as if unsure of what had just happened.  Jared nodded in greeting to the seated man and then said to Jace, “Baye is with Cieren and the villain is contained below; the Lady shall hear of this immediately.”  Jace nodded his understanding, before easing Kent to his feet and helping him to his quarters.

Jared went immediately to the Lady, but she was still meeting with the Council; he paced impatiently before the door, eager to have this matter finally resolved.  The door opened suddenly and Jared glanced up in surprise as the Lady and the entire Council stood in the doorway, waiting to exit, blocked as they were by his person, so preoccupied with his own thoughts that he noticed nothing else until it was too late.  He immediately straightened, back against the wall, as a good servant should have done the moment before his masters entered the room.
The Lady studied him in mystification, “whatever is the matter?  Why linger in the antechamber so long after your part in the proceedings?”
Jared bowed deeply and said with all respect, but eagerness and anxiety tingeing his voice, not happy to have the entire Council listening to the exchange, “my Lady, there has been an incident involving your primary informant upon these matters; if it is convenient, I would speak with you about it?”
It had not been a pleasant session with the Council and Marin was eager to find satisfaction of some sort, no matter how minor, said he, “an incident with our informant?  My Lady, this matter is not at an end and I request that the Council be privy to this new development.”  He studied the servant suspiciously, “what did you do, attack him?”
Jared said gravely, “nothing of the sort sir, rather he at last showed his true colors and attacked one of the Brethren, unprovoked.”
“What?!” gasped Marin, completely dumbfounded that his judgment of a man’s moral character could be so awry, having thought that he had come forward with his information purely as a matter of principle, rather than to stir up trouble within the ranks of the Brethren.  “You are certain of this?” he demanded, a little too desperately.
Jared bowed, “aye sir, there can be no doubt.”
The Lady addressed the Council, repressing her triumphant smile, “I believe this incident shows what this man truly was about and the Council may now be at ease to know that if something scandalous is afoot, it is not within our own ranks but comes from without, from a man intent on mischief and worse.  As this is now purely a matter of meting out justice, it shall now be a private affair between the parties involved.”  Gaping like a fish, Marin bowed in farewell and hastily retreated; the others silently followed suit, though with far more dignity and less haste.  The Lady turned to Jared, her victorious smile now radiant for a moment before she grew grave, asking, “who was attacked and how badly?”
Jared shook his head, “Kent was on the brink of death when we found him.”  She gasped in horror, but Jared’s smile widened, “but he is now quite well.”  She frowned and Jared laughed quietly, “the Shadow is not all trouble, my Lady, occasionally we have our uses.”  
She smiled skeptically at him, but said only, “bring Kent, the traitor, and any witnesses to my chamber immediately.”  Jared bowed deeply and dashed off.  He found Jace and Kent speaking quietly in the Warrior’s room, after a brief greeting, he asked, “are you fit to stand before the Lady?”
Kent smiled broadly, “of a certainty, though I begin to wonder if it should not be otherwise?  But come, we shan’t keep the Lady waiting.”
Jared nodded, “good, can the two of you manage our spy?”  They nodded and he went to check on Baye and Cieren.  He found the latter resting comfortably while Baye paged through a book in the other bed.  Said Jared quietly, so as not to waken the boy, “our case has pretty much been invalidated by the villain’s over boldness, we go now to hear the Lady’s justice; I shall keep you informed.”  Baye nodded and gave the Captain a salute in farewell, before returning to his rather unexciting vigil.

Kent and Jace returned to the dungeon to fetch the prisoner, wondering if the man had yet awakened.  He had, he sat hunched against the far wall but he did not look up when they entered but continued to sit with his head buried in his hands.  Kent cried aloud, “on your feet man, the Lady has summoned you!”
Scoffed the prisoner, “on what grounds do you hold me?”
Jace said quietly, “treason, you let a wraith into the keep, and for attempted murder.”
“Attempted?” squawked the servant, “the man is dead!  When I do a job, I finish it!”
Kent frowned, “do you not know me, man?  Do I not yet draw breath?”
Only then did the man fully raise his head, that they might see his vacant eyes in the torchlight, said he with a sneer, “no, I cannot see you.  Nor will I see your precious Lady, or anything else ever again.  But then, I suppose I shan’t be needing my sight much longer anyway, as I am undoubtedly a doomed man, so it is of little matter.”
Jace said quietly, as they opened the cell to remove the prisoner, “the Lady suffered such herself, once, long ago, after a similar incident; she will understand, better than most.  If you plead for mercy, it will not fall on deaf ears.”
“I care not,” said the man despondently, “I am as good as dead anyway.  I have no use for your mercy, not without my eyes.”  He frowned, though unseeing, at the boy, “what are you up to?  You and your companions?”  He sighed, “I never did figure it out.”
Kent said ironically, “and a man of sense would leave it at that.”
The villain snarled, “let me determine such matters for myself, you pious fool!  I don’t wish to die in ignorance.”
“Who said you need die?” hissed a new voice.  Jace and Kent dropped their hold on the prisoner and reached for their swords as the unseen stranger laughed at the futility of their response.
The servant said in quiet triumph, “did you accuse me of letting only one such fiend into the castle?”  A malevolent smile grew on his lips, “I believe I let two in.”
Jace was anxiously searching the shadows for the glow of fiery eyes, said he quietly to Kent, “get out of here if you can, this is not a foe you can fight.  Fetch Baye or Jared.”
Kent nodded grimly, usually he would argue, but he had learned not to quibble with Jace and his uncanny companions under such circumstances, but it did not seem likely that the wraith would give any of them a chance to escape the dungeons.  It hissed its contempt, “how heroic, boy, but none will be getting out of here alive, at least not in the flesh.  I want blood and I am giving you an opportune chance to supply it willingly lest you endure the unpleasantness of me taking it by force.  Well?”
As the thing babbled on, Jace followed the voice and at last caught a faint glimmer of red in a far corner of the small room, said he to Kent, “I will distract it while you run.”  Kent nodded and set himself, either to run or fight, whatever was to come.
The wraith purred to the blind man, “would you see once more?  Would you be revenged upon your enemies?  Would you live forever and have power beyond mortal ken?”
“Yes!” said the villain, “this sounds a far better offer than anything these wretched Brethren or their fool Master can give me!”
Jace scoffed, “you would become a living shadow then?  He’ll take your blood for his own benefit and leave you a mere shade, like himself, whispering threats in the corner.”
The servant snarled, “and what would you give me instead?  Death?  A lifetime as a cripple and a penitent?  Never!  I will accept your offer, shade.”
“Come then,” hissed the wraith, “let us finish this ere we are disturbed.”
“Go!” Jace ordered Kent, as he suddenly charged the fiend, sword in hand.  The Warrior dashed up the stairs, not daring to look back, hoping his friend had not given his life in vain and that the thing could be delayed, even momentarily, by a mortal man.
“No!” shrieked the servant, “you will not steal my glory!”  The man flung himself blindly into the boy’s path, both landing in a tangle of flailing limbs.
The wraith hissed in irritation after the vanished Kent, “do you think you can escape so easily?  Once I have drunk my fill of this wretch’s blood, I shall have the power to again take physical form and will be unstoppable.  Run while you can little fool, it will not avail you for long.”  Jace felt its malevolent gaze upon himself as it snarled eagerly, “but first to make an end of you, little meddler!  Are you sure you want no part in this?”
“No!” screamed the blind man in growing despair, “have done with our bargain first.”  He smiled wickedly, “and then let me make an end of this fool!”
“Very well,” hissed the wraith eagerly, “come here.”
The blind man disentangled himself from the fallen Messenger and cautiously approached the place from whence the voice originated, only to scream in agony as the wraith latched on to his throat and glutted itself on his lifeblood.  Jace hastened to his feet and stood at the ready with sword in hand, horrified at what was happening behind him, but he dared not leave the horrid creature alone in the dungeons, helpless as he was to stop it; he must stand between the fell creature and the rest of Astoria until Baye or Jared arrived.
A new wraith shrank into the shadows, horrified at what it had brought upon itself while the senior fiend wiped its mouth on its sleeve, well satisfied to again be garbed in flesh, but with power no mortal could withstand.  It snarled at its new minion, “I thought you meant to make an end of this fool?”
The newborn fiend whimpered, “go away, just go away and leave me alone!  This is not what I wanted!”
The flesh clad villain laughed scornfully, “pathetic!  But no matter, I’ll do it myself, and with much delight therein.”  The thing approached at a deliberate pace, studying his next victim intently, he frowned, “you are not afraid.  Why?  I know you Brethren are fools, but you are still mortal.  No creature wrought of mortal flesh should be able to stand firmly in my presence yet you are certainly such a creature.”
Whimpered the morose shade, “he’s a strange one, him and his companions, I never did figure out what was going on, but they ain’t ordinary men, not by a long shot.”
Jace said stonily, “what I am or am not, matters little; do what you will, shade, I do not fear you!”
The wraith’s brows furrowed and a curious smile curled his lips, “now this is a puzzle.  I have heard rumors, pure gossip of course, that there were such uncanny individuals amongst your brotherhood, but I think you would have destroyed me already were you capable of it.”
“Perhaps,” said Jace, “but even helpless as a newborn lamb, I will stand between you and the rest as long as I am able.”
“I could reduce you to a mere shadow yourself,” said the wraith with a cruel smile, “your soul wouldn’t fly to your precious Master, for you would not be dead!  What say you to that, little lamb?  Would you walk the world a despondent and disembodied soul?”
It was Jace’s turn to smile, “you are lying, villain.  Kill me, you might, but such will not be my fate unless I will it so.”
The creature shook its head in dismay, “you take all the fun out of this, you pathetic sheep.  I can kill as easily as think, but it is the wringing of terror and despair out of a living soul that gives all the pleasure to my otherwise penurious existence, but I weary of you and have an entire city with which to amuse myself, so farewell, little lamb!”
Jace lunged forward with his blade and pierced the villain through the heart, but it was merely an animated corpse, no mortal injury could thus destroy it.  The thing laughed scornfully at the boy’s pathetic attempt and then took him by the throat in hands cold as death, staring deeply into the boy’s defiant eyes with his own dead gaze as he strangled the wretched creature.  The boy futilely fought and kicked at first, but was soon gurgling limply in the monster’s clutches.  The fiend felt the thready pulse waver and then fail altogether, save an erratic beat or two, as he flung the ruined mortal aside.  “Get up!” snarled the corporeal wraith at his cringing counterpart, “we have a whole city to lay waste.”
“I think not,” said a new voice.
“Another one!” smirked the wraith eagerly, “I tire of dispatching panicked cattle; it is rather invigorating to actually slay a man who will stand his ground.”  He sneered dismissively at the unmoving Jace, “as much good as it did him.”
“Repent now,” said Jared quietly, “for you will not have a chance later.”
The senior wraith scoffed, “have at me little man!  Let us see what it avails you!”
“What of you?” asked Jared of the shrinking shade in the corner, but it only moaned like wind in a hollow tree.  He sighed heavily and leapt upon the taunting fiend, a light wrought sword suddenly appearing in his hand.  The fiend shrieked in terror as it fell headless to the floor and then the captain turned upon the overwrought shade in the corner, feeling itself threatened, it gathered itself for a final pounce, only to fall upon that awful blade and find itself dispersed like smoke on the wind.  Jared smiled grimly at this minor triumph, not often getting to cross swords with such villains, but then sobered as he remembered his fallen comrade.
First he banished the unmoving corpse that was all that remained of the original fiend and then knelt beside Jace and smiled ruefully, “not yet lad.”  There was a faint though struggling pulse and an occasional gasp escaped the boy’s ruined throat; life lingered still and a burst of light assured that it would continue for some time.
Jace sat up, shaking his head and feeling at his throat in astonishment.  He smiled wryly at Jared, “strangulation is not a pleasant way to die.  I’d much rather take a sword through the heart.”
Jared said quietly, “you didn’t die lad.”
Jace nodded, “I thought as much.”  He grinned, “there’s always tomorrow, I suppose.  And if not then, I will eventually succumb to old age.”
Jared laughed, “a first among the Shadow, to be sure.  It may even be something of a scandal.  It is unheard of for a Messenger to suffer such a fate, how much worse for a Shadow?  I’ll have to talk to the Lady about your next assignment, if only for your apprentice’s sake.”
Jace sobered, “I had forgotten about that in all the excitement.  Are you sure I am up for this?”
Jared clapped the lad on the shoulder, “you will do well lad, else you would not have been assigned this duty.”
Jace nodded dully as he stood, but quickly brightened, “how will he feel about apprenticing under a mortal man?”
Jared chuckled, “don’t you remember your own introduction to the Shadow?  He’ll be so intrigued by all the Shadow entails that he won’t have time to notice, at least at first.  Now off with you lad, you’ve had a long day and you have classes on the morrow!”  Jace gave him an impish smile and dashed up the stairs.  Jared returned to the Lady and the anxious Kent to inform them of how the matter had finally been settled, much to everyone’s horror and relief.


8

Baye and Cieren rode out of the city a few days later to practice a few necessary skills that might prove dangerous to the boy’s actual mentor, thankfully the lad proved a natural at that particular skill, unlike Baye’s original apprentice, but as on that occasion nearly a century prior, there happened to be an unwitting witness to the culmination of the affair.  Baye drove his sword through the boy’s heart and then left him lying in his own blood to speak with the rider that had just drawn rein in the clearing.
Adan smiled down at his old mentor, “why do I always come upon you at these awkward moments?  I see the Shadow is again at full strength, or so I hope.  You haven’t grown weary of this service and taken to murdering innocent youths as a hobby now, have you?”
Baye laughed, “certainly not, but some people can’t do their own dirty work, so I must do it for them.”
Adan’s brow furrowed, “he is not your apprentice then?”
Baye grinned, “certainly not, that honor belongs to our beloved swordmaster.”
“Hawk?” asked Adan with a frown.
Baye motioned for Cieren to join them as the lad had just gained his feet, “Jace actually.”  At Adan’s gape, Baye’s smile deepened and he said, “it is a rather complicated story, but I’ll explain on the ride back.”  He introduced the two and then they mounted up and returned to the city.
Adan shook his head in wonder as Baye finished the tale, “mortal?  Will Jace ever have a relatively normal adventure?”
Baye smiled reminiscently, “now that you mention it, his quests have been bizarre from the start, even for the Shadow.”  He turned smiling eyes upon Cieren, “what think you lad, to be caught up with such a one?”
Cieren shook his head but smiled eagerly, “I don’t mind it in the least; I’m actually rather excited.”
Adan raised an eyebrow, “you aren’t concerned about his delicate condition?”
Cieren laughed, “if you mean he’s expecting a baby, then yes, I would be very concerned about that, but if you mean his mortality, then no, it isn’t permanent and as I was partially responsible for its inception, I have no right to complain.”
Adan smiled at Baye, “they will do well together it seems.”
Baye laughed heartily, “Jace needs someone of sense and patience around to keep him out of trouble, that was you back in your apprentice days.  I was wondering what would come of him now that he’s off on his own.”  They all laughed warmly at this but quieted as they entered the city lest people wonder at their sanity.  Jace was waiting impatiently for them in the courtyard and nearly jumped up and down like an excited child in his delight at seeing Adan.  They greeted one another warmly and then Baye bowed deeply to Jace and formally presented him with his first official apprentice.  Both mentor and mentee gave him half patient, half scandalized looks but then all exchanged enthusiastic smiles and withdrew to the keep for the evening meal.
Afterwards, Baye said to Jace, “I’m off tonight lad, but I think Adan will keep you out of trouble for a time, at least until your apprentice has learned enough to do so.  As soon as Hawk gets back, I think you and your happy helper will be off on your own adventures soon enough.”
Adan asked with a grin, “are you sure I am up for this?”
Baye smiled, “you learned from the best lad, and you were doing it long before ever I met you; if you can’t do it, no one can!”
They bid Baye a fond farewell, Adan went to report to the Lady and Jared, and Jace withdrew with his new apprentice to the wide lawn, bright under the stars.  Said the boy at last, still somewhat awkward with their now official relationship as mentor and apprentice, “is this not a little odd?”
Jace grinned, “I have asked the same myself on several occasions, but no matter our perceptions, this is how matters stand and we had best make what we can of it.”
Cieren frowned, “but we are nearly the same age!”
Jace said ruefully, “yes and no, you forget I am of an age with the Lady and she was born over a century ago.”
Cieren shook his head, “perhaps, but it is still strange.”
Jace chuckled, “I did not say it wasn’t strange, only that we have no choice in the matter.  I have been assured that I would not have been placed in this position were I not capable of carrying it out.”
“I suppose not,” said the boy in some awe, remembering anew what had happened to him in recent days, “it all seems so strange and overwhelming!”
Jace smiled ironically, “and just when I felt I had hit my stride, had figured things out, I was again a mortal man.”
Cieren said thoughtfully, “perhaps that is part of the reason for it?”
Jace nodded, “am I not the one who is supposed to be teaching you?  I had not thought of it that way, but I think you have the right of it.”  He smiled ruefully, “will I never cease to struggle against such things as pride and overconfidence?”
“Not while you walk under the mortal sun,” said Jared with a smile, stepping out of the shadows.  They both jumped in surprise but gave him a bow befitting the Captain of the Shadow.  Continued he, “I just came to tell you that Marin is still on the rampage, trying to discover what it is we and the Lady are trying to conceal from him and everyone else.  He was not happy to discover our vanished Student has inexplicably returned an Apprentice, nor can he fathom our informant was truly a traitor, though he heard the truth for himself.  Hopefully Hawk returns soon so I can get the pair of you out of here, uncanny things happen around the both of you and it would be unfortunate for Marin to have more to wonder about.”
“And what would the former swordmaster have to do with anything, pray tell?” came the incredulous voice of Marin as he stepped out from behind a nearby tree, “and what sense does it make for a mere servant to be ordering about any of the Brethren, or for them to offer him honor due the Lady and the Council alone?”
Three sets of anxious eyes turned to look upon the spy, trying to remember exactly what had been said and what he might have heard, said Jared sternly, “sneaking about in the shadows and eavesdropping is certainly behavior not befitting one of the Brethren, let alone a senior member of the Council!”
“Who are you to reprimand me, servant?” growled Marin as he loomed over the far shorter Jared.
Jared grinned insolently, “it is common courtesy, sir, and I would ask that you observe it as all residents of the castle are required to do.”
“What of my questions?” demanded the somewhat chagrined Brother.
Jared shook his head, “that is not your concern.  The Lady is well aware of all that is going on and is content therein, it is no business of yours.”
“We shall see,” said Marin in growing ire, “I will get to the bottom of this.  That servant might have been a murderous traitor but he truly saw things, uncanny things, and I will expose the truth!”
“No,” said yet another voice, “you will not.”  A magpie lit on Jared’s shoulder and the others immediately dropped to their knees, with heads bowed, knowing instinctively Who this small avian messenger was.
Marin quavered, “but there are things going on in Astoria that must be exposed to the light!”
The little bird laughed, “there are some things that I have decreed to remain in Shadow and in Shadow they shall remain.  You will drop this matter entirely or you will force My hand.  Am I understood?”  Marin shivered, but nodded, and the magpie chirruped, “very good child, then you shall do well.  Farewell!”  He vanished as suddenly as He had appeared.
Marin was on his feet in a moment, facing the three, most especially Jared, quite abashedly, “please forgive my impertinence!”
Jared smiled, “and you my insolence.”
They smiled ruefully at one another and then drifted silently apart, leaving Jace and Cieren to exchange a wide eyed look and then a merry laugh at this reminder that their Master was no respecter of persons, but loved each the same and expected His servants to do likewise.  And in the end, it was His will that prevailed while all else came to naught.




The Mortal:




1

For six more months, Jace taught the art of the sword to his eager Students while Cieren continued to attend classes on a daily basis, though they spent their evenings and Free Day together as mentor and apprentice.  At last, Hawk returned, goggling at the continuing strangeness that was Jace’s life since that fateful day in the dungeons, but happily resuming his accustomed post, while Jace was just as happy to resign it, each having enjoyed their brief respite from business as usual but both knowing it was not the duty to which they were generally Called.  Adan had remained in Astoria for a brief time, but was soon enough gone again upon another vital errand for the Master and the Lady; Jace’s heart yearned above all else to do the same, but for a little while he must abide contentedly as swordmaster, but at last, the day came when he and his apprentice could ride off into the unknown, adventure bent.
Well, not exactly unknown, but mysterious at least.  The King of Andrea had sent a desperate plea to the Lady asking that she send someone to investigate the disappearance of his Advisor from Astoria and the grave illness that kept his only child in a comatose state, nigh unto death but with never a change for the worse or the better; he was certain the two incidents were connected and only the hope of someone solving the mystery kept him from falling utterly into despair.  So it was that Jace and Cieren set off eagerly one bright morning upon their first real adventure.
As they rode off into the burgeoning day, Cieren asked concernedly of his mentor, “are you up for this?”
Jace laughed heartily, “the Messengers have been doing just this for generations lad, and I am as mortal as any of them.”
Cieren grinned sheepishly, “sorry, I am already beginning to forget that mortality is the normal condition of humanity and not a rare, debilitating disease!”
Jace smiled momentarily at the lad’s oversight but then sobered in recollection, said he, “one day that lesson will be taught in such a way that you will never again overlook it so easily, but whatever our condition or circumstances, we must remember that our lives and futures are entirely in the Master’s hands, thus we need never fear nor despair, no matter how dark the clouds on the horizon or the night about us.”
Cieren nodded gravely, but then a wry smile twisted his lips, “I am beginning to see why I have become your pupil, oh sagacious one!”
They both burst out laughing in a very improper manner, but as there were no sticklers for propriety about to witness it, they felt they need ask no forgiveness for this most grievous of mortal sins.  The thought of what either Jared or the Lady might think of such goings on only added to their mirth.  Gasped Jace once he had regained a little of his breath, “I am afraid I will not be the one to teach you sobriety and responsibility lad.”
Cieren grinned, “perhaps not sobriety, but you are certainly not one to shirk in his duties.”
“I would love you to tell my sister that to her face,” said Jace with a grin, “she would have to believe you, for you do not lie.  It would do wonders for my reputation.”  Again they found themselves in the thrall of uncontrollable laughter, their unicorns exchanging a wondering look, not quite understanding what strange spell had unhinged their masters but accepting this, as all else with a forbearance beyond human comprehension.
They journeyed on without incident, save for Jace wishing to ride with all haste, but his companions reminded him repeatedly that he must abide within the constraints of his overriding condition.  Cieren said in some wonder, “we can travel day and night, without rest or food, if we have the need?”
Jace nodded wryly, “under ordinary circumstances, but then there is no such thing in my company.  But alas, you must keep to a pace befitting my mortal status.”
Cieren smiled warmly in remembrance, “it would not be the first time, at least this time we are properly provisioned.”
Jace laughed, “but now you understand why.”
Cieren grinned, “that I do.”
They quieted as they entered the city, for it seemed a shadow of doubt and fear lay heavy upon the folk therein and even a slight smile would be seen as a desecration of that forbidding mood.  Cieren said solemnly, “why does it seem a cloud of dismay has hidden the sun?”
Jace shook his head, “they fear for the future of their nation, with the heir sick and abed and the king distraught with all that has happened.  There is also likely some fell menace behind it, casting its own pall of terror and despair over an otherwise happy and prosperous folk.”  He unconsciously touched his sword, “and we are here to rectify the matter with all speed.”
They presented themselves at the castle gates and were swiftly admitted, for the King was anxious to have the matter resolved at once.  They made the proper courtesies and then were closeted with his Majesty in a small but luxurious chamber wherein they might speak privately.  Said the King without preamble, “thank you for coming so swiftly.”  The Brethren exchanged an ironic glance as the King continued unaware, “my son was perfectly healthy one moment and the next he was lying as one dead, though he continues to breath and his heart beats, albeit very slowly.  The best doctors have never seen the like.  I fear it is sorcery of the vilest sort, but who would dare such a thing?  Then there is also the matter of your missing comrade.  He had advised my family for three generations but then just disappeared when he had never even been late in all his long service to this Kingdom.  I pray you can find him, for there can be no replacement for such a man.”
Jace nodded gravely, “may we see your son?  If it is black sorcery, we may be able to rectify the matter.  As for our missing comrade, I hope as you, to find him alive, but I fear it will not be so.”
The King said solemnly, “I share your concerns, but I must hope for the best.”  He smiled sadly, “especially with all that has happened, but come, let us to my son, perhaps there is yet hope for him at least.”
As they exited the small chamber, two men were waiting for them in the hall.  They gave the proper courtesies, and the foremost intoned, “why Majesty?  Who are these men and why was I not informed that you were consulting with them?”
The King bristled at the man’s impertinence, which seemed to surprise said man, said his Majesty harshly, “what business of yours is it, Master Smid?  I am King, I may consult with whomever it pleases me!”
Master Smid bowed and his colleague looked ready to either run or faint, but he thankfully did neither, “forgive me Majesty, I see you have sought the help of the Brethren in this matter.  Perhaps their wisdom can prevail where that of all others has failed.”
They fell into step behind the King and his companions, much to the King’s ire, but he only said, “Master Smid is my foremost advisor, now that your Brother has gone missing.”
Jace nodded blandly, but was starting to piece the puzzle together, “I see.”
They entered the bedchamber wherein his Highness the Prince languished and Master Smid sneered, “what can these men know of healing, Highness?  The best doctors could do nothing, what can they hope to achieve?”
The King nearly smirked but kept his countenance schooled to bland neutrality, “perhaps nothing, but if that is the best our physicians can achieve, what shame or harm is there in it, Master Smid?”
Master Smid and his associate drew back against the wall to watch, not bothering to hide their contempt as Jace studied the inert Prince while Cieren watched with interest.  Jace turned to the King and said, “it is as you fear, Sire, but that also means there is hope for a remedy.  This is no natural illness, but that means we might also hope for a supernatural cure.”  He turned to Cieren and nodded.  The boy’s eyes went wide but he knew his mentor could not do it himself, not in his current state.
Cieren laid a tentative hand to the boy’s breast, a pulse of light entered the stricken lad, and then his eyes fluttered open as a smile lit his face; his color returned and he was no longer cold to the touch.  The King was beside him in a moment, all joy while Master Smid drew Jace aside for a quiet conference.
Said Master Smid, “I see that you are no fool, boy though you be.  No doubt you already suspect me in all of this, and you would not be wrong.  Let us settle this quietly, like civilized and respectable men.  I will withdraw from my position and let the King and his alone, for no doubt he would soon be dismissing me any way.  You and our respective apprentices shall accompany me away from this place and we’ll settle the matter in one way or another.  There is no point exposing my secrets or yours, and I think I can give you further information that would be greatly to your benefit, at least if you can contrive a way to gain the information and live.”
Jace nodded, “I would gladly avoid a senseless and messy public display if we might.  We are agreed then.  Inform the King and we shall be on our way within the hour.”
Master Smid smiled grimly and turned to his Highness, bowing, he said, “I fear I must resign from your service Majesty.”
The King looked up, astonished the man would be so bold as to interrupt his joy, but he vaguely waved him off, “that is true wisdom, Master Smid, now I need not dismiss you.”  He turned to the Brethren, “will you be staying on to advise me or have you hope that your comrade might still be found?”
Jace looked a question at Smid, who grinned wickedly; he shook his head solemnly and said, “I fear your Advisor is lost to you Sire, I shall inform the Lady, that another might be sent in his stead.”
The King frowned, “but why can you not remain in such a capacity?”
Jace grinned, “I am a Messenger Sire, and would make a very uneasy Advisor.  Neither of us would be content in such a circumstance, besides, I must accompany Master Smid upon a journey of some significance.”
The King frowned thoughtfully but said, “I am ever in your debt sir, whatever it is you have done.”
Jace shook his head but smiled warmly, “nay Sire, only the Master could have wrought this miracle and to Him alone is gratitude owed.”
The King smiled sheepishly, “you are as persistent in this as ever my Advisor was, perhaps it is time I actually paid it some heed.  Fare you well!”
Jace bowed, “and you Highness.”
They left the room, both of the apprentices looking rather flummoxed by their elders’ behavior but neither said a word as they marched silently down the hall.  Master Smid ordered several of the nearest servants to begin his preparations and they were soon enough in their saddles, riding out of the city at a good clip.
Cieren asked anxiously of Jace, “what is this about?  Why go willingly with this man?  Is he not to be brought to justice for his crimes?”
Jace smiled knowingly, “aye lad, eventually, but first we must get to the bottom of this matter.  He is only a little perch atop a barrel full of rotting fish.  We have removed his nefarious influence from the King, restored the Prince to health, and discovered that our missing comrade is truly gone, now we need only discover what lies at the bottom of this rancid heap.”  Cieren nodded eagerly and could ill contain his smile, which annoyed Master Smid no end.
Snarled he, “why is your apprentice so out of sorts, man?  You must teach him some control ere it is the end of him.”
“Lead on Master Smid,” said Jace with his own grin, “you have promised to show me something very interesting before I die.”  He asked gravely, “what came of the King’s Advisor?”
Master Smid laughed darkly, “he was a nuisance and interfered with my ability to manipulate the King; he might have even succeeded in waking the wretched child if he had thought to bring his unicorn into the matter.  I would dearly love to know how the boy has such power!  But he was a liability, at least until my new apprentice here found a good use for him.”
“I see,” said Jace, saddened but not surprised at the man’s grim fate, “how far must we ride and what will we find there?”
The man laughed in malicious anticipation, “you’re to meet my mistress, The Widow, they call her; the current leader of my little fraternity.”
Jace gaped, “I did not think women had a part in the Brotherhood!”
Master Smid was aghast, “who has betrayed the Brotherhood to the likes of you?!”
Jace grinned, “never you mind, but know your secret is not one we are apt to spread around.  Now what of this woman who is your leader?”
Shaking off his shock, Smid smirked, “you are one to talk of allowing woman in your ranks, my dear Brother.  It is infrequent, to be certain, but it does happen and a woman in our ranks is a far fiercer creature than any miffed she-bear, let me tell you.”
Jace laughed, “I would imagine it would be something like a feral Lady of Astoria, and that is a creature I am loath to encounter.”
Master Smid smiled, “ah, sir, but you will, and few are they that live to tell the tale, though she might make you an offer ere you die, she is fond of a handsome man, though she soon lives up to her name.”
Jace shivered, “did she slay her own husband?”
“Nay,” said Smid with a shake of his head, “he got himself killed on assignment somewhere, on the very brink of taking over the Brotherhood in fact, but his Widow was quite happy to do so in his stead.”  The man shuddered, “she’s the most ruthless leader we’ve ever had.  I hope to buy my life with yours.  Such interesting prisoners should amuse her, at least that is my hope.”
Jace frowned, “I knew your order was harsh on failure, but you make this lady sound downright lethal at the least infraction.”
The man shuddered, “that she is lad, and soon you’ll know just how deadly.  I almost pity you.”  He grinned malevolently, “almost.”
They rode on in silence, stopping that night and the following evening to camp, and reaching a grim fortress the following afternoon as the sun was just beginning to sink behind the western hills.  The place was guarded by grim looking men in plain uniforms of unrelieved black, but they let Master Smid, his unnamed apprentice, and their prisoners in without argument, though Jace mused to himself that it would be getting out that would be the difficulty.  As the gate shut ominously behind him, he pitied any man brought here against his will that did not have the Master at his side, for it seemed as if all hope and light were safely locked without and only doom and terror reigned within.
A stony soldier approached and asked of Master Smid who he was and what he wanted.  The man bowed stiffly and hastened off to inquire of their fell mistress, returning shortly, eager malice burning in his eyes, but he said sternly, “the Widow will see you immediately.”  He chuckled mirthlessly, “though we likely shan’t be seeing any of you again.  Come.”
Exchanging a grim look, the little company trudged after their vicious guide.  He relieved them all of their weapons, nodded coldly to the guard standing outside the door, and escorted them into the large bare chamber wherein a solitary woman lurked like a spider in a forsaken house.  She studied the miserable creatures before her, smirking in amusement as she looked upon the Brethren, but frowning upon further study, before turning her fierce eyes upon Master Smid.  Sneered she at last, “so you have failed?  You left your post in Andrea without so much as a whimper or a fight and hope to salvage your worthless hide with these wretches?”  She laughed harshly, “think again Master Smid, you are an utter fool!  Your apprentice will have to be put down like a mad dog, tainted as he is by your incompetence.  Now what of your own worthless soul?”
Master Smid trembled, “what is it you wish, mistress?”
She nodded curtly at their nameless guard and he produced a sphere of clear glass from some hidden pocket, holding it out for Smid to take.  The man took the orb and frowned at it in consternation then gave his lady a very perplexed look.  Jace shivered, knowing what was about to be asked.
“Your life is forfeit, Master Smid,” sneered she, turning the title into a slur, “but perhaps you can redeem your soul.  You may die slowly in my dungeons or your end can be painless, your name will live on as a memorial, and you will do a great service to our Fell Master, in light of which, he may be more gracious towards you in your failure than I.”
Jace shook his head adamantly, “do not do this thing!  It will only doom your soul, there can be no mercy, not from such a source.  The Master alone...”  A sharp slap from the Widow silenced him.
She grated, “silence wretch!”
Master Smid sighed heavily, “there is no other choice?”  Her terrible smile was answer enough, said he, “very well, madam, so be it.”  He gazed deeply into the orb, it darkened as he grew suddenly misty, and then with a strangled cry, he vanished utterly but an argent light now throbbed amidst a sea of dark clouds within the Eye of Master Smid, as it fell to the floor.  The lady rushed forward and picked it up gently, as if she were a mother with her newborn, and gazed at it just as proudly.  She vanished deeper into the room for a moment to hide it in some secret place and then returned to her prisoners.
Said she to the guard, “kill that insolent pup!  We need no continuation of his master’s incompetence.”  Smid’s apprentice squawked in dismay but soon lay gasping on the flagstones as the guard ran him through with much delight.  “Now,” said she, studying the Brethren, a thoughtful frown again on her face, “you are a peculiar pair if ever I saw one.  I received a curious letter from my agent in Astoria before he was inexplicably silenced, but it was quite interesting.  He said much of uncanny goings on surrounding a few of the Brethren in particular.  I have heard whispers, gossip really, of a certain sub-sect within your order that is truly a menace to mine, men possessed of unthinkable skill and the ability to survive just about anything.  What have you to say to that?”
They gazed at her stonily and she laughed, “just as I thought!  I can see it in your eyes, for you have looked upon things not of this world.”  She turned to Cieren, “I can even smell it on you, or rather I smell nothing.”  She snorted, “it is an uncanny thing, this ability of mine, but I can smell mortal flesh as it stands before me and rots, but you boy, your corpse is not composed of flesh and blood, but of something from beyond this world.  Whether it is a gift peculiar to myself or comes with my position, I know not, but so it is.”
She studied Jace intently, “your eyes betray your curious nature, whatever it is, but yet you are clothed in mortal flesh, unlike your companion here.  Who and what are you, and why the difference?”  They continued their stony silence.  Snarled she, “very well, let us see what I can discover for myself.  You there,” said she to the guard, “take the boy and lock him in one of the pits, we’ll see how long it takes him to rot therein, for I doubt killing him will do aught but momentarily importune him, whatever his strange nature.”  She laughed grimly, “though I think it will be quite different for our dear mortal here.  I think once death seizes him, he will vanish forever from the confines of this world.  Call the guard in as you go and return to me thereafter.”
The man bowed, said “yes madam,” and withdrew with Cieren by the shoulder, grim but confident as he vanished from the room as the guard without entered.
Said she, “when that other fellow returns, allow him in, but when he leaves, see that he is silenced, permanently.”  The man smiled eagerly, bowed, and withdrew, shutting the door behind him.  She turned to Jace, “what are you?”  He did not answer, she had not expected that he would but simply needed something to say.  Continued she, “you are not a bad looking specimen, and your mysterious nature intrigues me.  I could offer you much in return for a little affection on your part, feigned, if necessary.”
Jace at last spoke, “my heart is not for sale madam, neither would you find it to your benefit to court an aged man.”  She frowned at him and Jace smiled grimly, “should I break Oath, my hundred or so years will soon be catching up with me.  It shall not be a pretty sight.”
“Indeed,” said she in disgust, “not that I truly found you attractive, but it is always fun to try and corrupt such pious fools, but as we both obviously know it is futile in this case, let us move on.  You are probably well aware that the Brotherhood’s power is based upon blood magic?  We gain such power and that from mortal men, what if the blood of some creature from beyond this mortal world was shed thus, what then?”  
Jace frowned, knowing what the blood of a Shadow did to such spells, corrupting them utterly, but she motioned his protests to silence as she continued, “I am no fool, I know full well that the boy’s blood would avail me nothing, nay it would rather doom whatever it is I intended, but yours is an entirely different matter.”  Jace’s brow furrowed, not following her logic.  She laughed at him, “do you not see?  You are a mortal creature, thus within the realm of perishable men, and the rightful prey of such as myself, yet you have glimpsed eternity, which means I myself might gain immortality by such an act.”  Jace was still confused but she laughed gleefully at her own brilliance, resuming her cruel indifference as the guard returned.


2

“Now Grump,” said she to the guard.
He interrupted her, “Gump, madam.”
Her stare might have turned him to stone had she the ability, but she continued, “whatever, you are about to assist me in a most interesting little experiment.  Do exactly as I say and you might live to see the sunrise.”  He shuddered but nodded eagerly.  “Good,” said she, “cut off this man’s sword hand!”
Jace grimaced but stood his ground as the man approached, sword at the ready, he smiled maliciously and chortled to his mistress, “you’re a cruel one, Widow.”
She frowned at him in perplexity, “what else would you expect me to be?  Now get on with it!”
The deed was done, Jace screamed in agony and fell to his knees, clutching his severed limb as the lady and her minion laughed in delight and scorn.  “Now,” said she, “hold him for me.”  Gump tackled the maimed boy and held him fast as the Widow approached with an empty goblet.  “Get his hand out of the way,” snarled she as Gump forced Jace’s protective left hand away from his severed right.  She took hold of the bleeding stump and let the blood fill the cup.  “Release him,” purred she as she took up the brim full goblet.
Jace slumped to the floor, staring at the woman in horror.  Said he, “you will only reap your own destruction.”
She smiled at him as if he were a simpleton and then nodded at Gump, “finish him.”
Gump’s sword was immediately buried in the boy’s back; he groaned once and lay still.  She smiled condescendingly at the corpse, “let us see if your precious Master will rescue you now!”  Then she raised the cup to her lips and drank deeply.

The guard led Cieren into the bowels of the fortress into a dank tunnel with barely room to stand upright.  The corridor ended in a blank dirt wall and all that lay within it were two or three grates in the floor.  With some effort, Gump managed to open the middle one and forced Cieren into it.  He fell into absolute darkness and landed hard, upon what he hoped were weathered sticks, but he knew them to be the bones of former occupants.  He looked up at the broadly smiling Gump, before he shoved the grate back into place and vanished with the lamp, leaving Cieren alone in the utter dark.  The boy glanced about glumly, wondering how long he would rot in this cell, perhaps forever!  The former occupants had expired of thirst, but that was not something to which he could look forward, nor could he fathom a means of escape.
His heart was also heavy at the thought of never seeing Jace again, at least this side of eternity.  The woman had spoken truly when she said death would be the end of him, at least of his residence in the mortal sphere.  He sighed heavily and sat against the far wall, wondering what to do.  
“Why so glum?” came the unexpected voice.  Cieren was on his feet in an instant, grinning like an astonished child at Baye, his uncanny vision able to see him easily, even in the utter dark.  Continued Baye from above, peeking in the grate, “there isn’t anywhere these fiends can bury you that our Master can’t find you.  Now let’s go find your mentor.”  He easily wrenched the grate open, flung down a rope, and pulled the lad out of his would-be grave.
Cieren said grimly, “thank you for the rescue, but Jace is gone.”
Baye frowned, “he has Gone?”
Cieren shook his head, “no, but the sorceress spoke truly when she said death would be the end of him, at least his service to the Shadow.”
Baye chuckled, a far from fitting response, at least as far as Cieren saw it, but he said in explanation, “just because someone doesn’t lie doesn’t mean their information is accurate lad, you must learn to differentiate between the truth and speculation.  If someone believes what they are saying to be true, it won’t be perceived as a lie, because they are not technically lying, but that does not mean their assumptions are correct.  That woman spoke of things far outside her ken, she made a guess but thought it to be correct, based on the information she had, but she knew not of what she spoke.  We’ll find Jace none the worse for wear, perhaps even a little better than we left him, at least more functional.  Come!”  They eagerly ascended out of the bowels of the fortress, eager to see their friend.

The Widow drank deeply of the cup as Gump watched in fascination and then horror as his mistress smiled keenly before screaming in agony, crumpling to the floor, a shriveled and unrecognizable husk of her former self.  Gump’s eyes widened and he fled the room, only to find a sword at his throat as the other guard saw to it that the man carried no tales.  While they were thus distracted, Baye and Cieren hastened into the room, clad as nameless soldiers of the keep.  They heard Gump’s final struggles, followed by an ominous silence, during which the door shut firmly behind them as the watchful guard resumed his vigil, then they turned their eyes upon the mess that lay before them.
The vile apprentice stiffened along the far wall while Jace lay in an unmoving heap in the middle of the room, his severed hand a few feet away.  The withered form that was once the Widow was gradually falling to dust near the empty hearth, with the balance of her forbidden draught congealing on the flagstones about her.  The Brethren studied the carnage and shook their heads in dismay, wondering what the fell sorceress had attempted to bring their Master’s wrath upon herself thus.  There was only one way to find out.
Baye, smiling slightly, knelt beside his murdered friend, but frowned in perplexity as the light stirred within himself, ere he had consciously tried to use it.  The boy’s injuries should have healed completely before he woke again to consciousness, but though his internal injuries were swiftly healed, his hand was not restored to its place, but rather the skin closed neatly over the severed stump.  
Jace blinked back to life, smiling ruefully up at Baye, said he, “I suppose I have inexplicably survived again!  I’m worse than a cat!”  He raised his injured arm and said in dismay, “and now I’m a cripple to boot!”  He sighed heavily, “but there must still be some use for me, even so.”  He heaved himself to his feet and shivered when his eyes fell upon the fate that had befallen the vile sorceress.  He said quietly, “I did warn her.”  He reached down to pick up the discarded goblet only to frown in dismay as his useless right arm failed to assist him in so simple an endeavor, “I forgot.  I look forward to the day when all I need do is..!”  He gasped in wonder and joy as the light flared forth and his hand was whole once more.  He grinned ruefully at his companions, “why did you not say something?!”
Baye grinned, “first, you never gave us the chance, and second, I thought something must be up when your hand failed to heal as it should have.  It seems you have learned well to accept whatever your circumstances at the moment.”
The boy laughed for very joy, “in that you are correct my friend, though I am glad to see I was entirely wrong in this instance.  Our Master is gracious indeed!”  
They spent some minutes in warm greetings and hearty congratulations before Baye asked, “now what of this villainess and her schemes?”
“What of her?” came the querulous voice of the Widow.
Baye turned in horror, sword at the ready, but smiled in relief to see Cieren’s wide-eyed wonder at the vile woman standing where once his mentor had been.  Baye chuckled, “have you ever impersonated a woman before?  Or a villainous one at that?”
The Widow inexplicably wore Jace’s impish smile, “not at all, but I thought if I mimicked my sister at her most quarrelsome with Ella’s sympathy, it would be a fair impersonation.”  His grin widened, “that and the folk hereabouts are so terrified of their mistress that they won’t dare question me too deeply.  I need only threaten imminent death and all will be well.”
Baye laughed, “you will do fine then, fare you well lad.”  He gave them both a salute and vanished from casual sight.
Cieren’s eyes went even wider, threatening to fall from their sockets as the Widow smiled the more, explaining, “we have work yet to do here, if Baye was discovered, awkward questions might result.  Now he can sneak out of here with none the wiser, and you’ll gain the same skill one day.”  The Widow frowned, “where is the guard that was here?”
Cieren shook his head grimly, “the guard outside the door killed him, we used the distraction to come in unseen.”
Jace nodded, “just as the lady ordered.  Now what to do with you?”

The door opened soon after the guard returned to his post; he bowed deeply to his lady, glanced disinterestedly at Master Smid as he trailed after her like a beaten dog, as she said imperiously, “no one is to enter this room, under pain of death, yours and theirs.  Understood?”  He quivered in terror but gave her his fullest assurances of cooperation as she sailed down the hall like some royal vessel with her sails full of wind and an open bay before her.
“My lady!  My lady!” came the anxious cry, as another guard approached at the run, stammered he, out of breath once he had found his mistress, “there are three fell villains at the gate demanding entrance, they say they will speak to none but you upon a matter of grave importance.”
She smiled in horrid delight, turning back to the room she had just vacated, “admit them at once and bring them to me.”  He bowed and ran off as she said to Smid, “await me in the courtyard; do as you must in the interim.”  Cieren’s perplexed frown and unasked question caused Jace to snort in a very un-Widow-like fashion, “things are afoot, the night shall prove interesting.  Off with you!”  The boy dashed off and she did her best to stalk proudly back to her lair, as the Widow would, therein to await these surprising visitors.
They did not tarry, for no sooner had she lit a few candles and turned imperiously back to the door, than it opened and the guard announced a surprise visit from three of the highest ranking members of the Brotherhood.  Said she in fury, “what is the meaning of this?”
The three cringed back in unconscious terror but soon mastered themselves, the foremost said sternly, “you may be head of the Brotherhood, Widow, but you are still accountable for your actions, ware lest you bring disaster upon yourself!”
She sniffed disdainfully, “what are you muttering about?”
He grated harshly, “well do you know of what I speak, Widow!  You are far too cruel and unforgiving, even for one of the Brotherhood!  None enters your service and hopes to survive longer than six months!  At this rate, the Brotherhood will be utterly depleted within the year.  You must learn a little patience or we will see that you stop being a problem altogether.”
“I demand success!” said she, “what is wrong with that?”
The man snorted, “we are but fallible men, my lady, you cannot expect perfection.”
“Perhaps not,” said she grudgingly, “is that all?”
The man was studying some of her handiwork and queried, “dare I ask what this business is about?”
She smiled menacingly, “you may, but you will sorely regret it.”
“What are you up to, Widow?” gasped he, “there are certain things forbidden, even to us!  Would you dare to bring down ruin upon us all?”  He exchanged a grim look with his comrades, “perhaps we have been too lenient with you, perhaps we should remove you from power this very moment.”
“You cannot remove me!” snarled she.
“Perhaps not technically,” said the man coldly, “but physically we can.”
“You think your paltry magic will work on me?” scowled she, “am I not the Widow?”
“We are three to your one, madam,” said he gravely, “will you step down or must we remove you?”
Her voice changed suddenly, becoming that of a young man rather than a woman, “still, your spells will not avail you.”  
They stared at the apparition before them in horrified wonder, their spokesman gaping, “who or what are you?  Can the Widow have such power?”
Jace, himself again, but suffused from within by cool light, said, “the Widow is dead sir,” he nodded towards the pile of dust and crumbling cloth by the hearth, “she meddled in things that were far outside her ken and paid accordingly.”  His tone became grave, “as have all of you.”
A great raven on the windowsill croaked, “do not listen to his prattle, you fools!  End it yourselves before he corrupts you utterly!”
“Save us master!” cried one of the men.
The raven laughed harshly, “why would I save you?  You miserable excuse for a slave!”  He croaked a laugh and winged off into the night.
Jace turned back to his companions and asked, “well?  Where is your master now?”
One of the three suddenly gasped and melted into a pool of viscous black ooze, doing as his master had bidden, while the others shook their heads in disgust.  Said the spokesman, “what are our options?”
“No!” said his surviving companion, “you will not succumb to the Brethren’s nonsense!”  
He drew a dagger and made to leap upon his fellow, but Jace was suddenly between them, shouting, “cover your eyes!”  The moment the man touched Jace with his knife, his entire being was engulfed in a blinding light; when the light dissipated, the man was gone.
The surviving villain moaned, “what has happened?  I cannot see!”
Jace shook his head and touched the man, who gasped, “I see!”  But then moaned, “but alas, I am alone!”  He turned desperate eyes upon the boy, “what now remains?”
Jace said quietly, “if you will earnestly seek the Master sir, you may accompany us back to Astoria and seek the Lady’s justice, if not, I will mete out justice here.”
The man stared at the boy aghast, “death or your Master?  Is that how He gains His followers then?”
Jace eyed him evenly, “it might be death either way, sir, I merely offer you a chance to spare your soul from irredeemable night.”  His voice took on a haunted tone, “I have dwelt a moment therein sir, and it is Nowhere you want to be for a second, let alone an eternity.”  He continued quietly, “the Master ever offers His wandering children a chance at redemption, yet we so easily slap it away.  You must endure the consequences of your actions sir, as must we all, you have brought this fate upon yourself, and well you know it.”
“Well spoken,” said the man somberly, “I will consider your words carefully.  Might I have some time to think upon them?”
Jace nodded, “think quickly, for I believe we are soon to have visitors.”  Just then came a great crash outside the door and his smile grew grave.

Cieren, in guise as Master Smid, went and stood awkwardly in the courtyard, the guards giving him a wondering look but not daring to question his behavior, knowing the Widow would see to it that anyone acting outside of her orders would soon rue the fact.  But he had not long to wait, for suddenly arrows fell like rain, several of the men atop the battlements fell with grunts and screams of pain as they were hit.  Instead of holding their ground, the survivors abandoned their posts and scurried off into the keep, hoping to find some place to hide, for they were not willing to sell their lives in defense of such a mistress, let her defend her own keep.  Cieren grinned and hastened to the gates, flinging them wide to admit these would-be invaders who crouched in the shadows without, awaiting the answering defense that never came.
“Cieren!” said Karin in surprise, “what are you doing here?”
“It doesn’t matter at the moment,” said a woman in the uniform of the Messenger sect, “let’s secure the castle and then we can have a decent conversation.”  She studied the boy quickly and then said, “is your mentor within, lad?”
Cieren nodded, “somewhere, madam, though in the company of three reprehensible men.”
Asked she gravely, “and this so-called Widow?”
Cieren shuddered, “the fiend is dead and her servants disheartened.  Who are these men with you?”
The woman smiled grimly, “a host sent by the King of Andrea.  He was not pleased to discover whither his former advisor had fled immediately upon quitting his service and sent his army to see that justice was done.  We met them upon the road and thought we might be of assistance, especially if this Widow is truly a sorceress as they claim?”
“That she was madam,” said Cieren gravely, “but no longer.”
Molly turned to the captain of the guards, “you heard the lad, captain?”  He nodded and she smiled grimly, “take them alive if you can, but if they resist, do what you must.”  He bowed and ordered his men into the keep as the woman turned back to the boy, “take me to your mentor and these fell men, lad.”
Cieren bowed and led the way as a great crash thundered through the keep, as the captain and his men forced their way through a barred door.  Cieren approached the Widow’s door without thinking, having forgotten the vengeful guard that had kept silent watch there.  The man was upon him in a moment, but Cieren had his sword out and was able to hold the fiend at bay as he said, “they are within, my lady.”
Molly frowned, “very well, but do you need help?”
The boy groaned as his foe’s blade grazed his flank, “no, I will be fine.”
The ladies exchanged a doubtful look but opened the door as the fight continued.  They found Jace awaiting them with his sword at the ready, but he did not seem overly surprised when it was not enemies that the door revealed.  He nodded his greetings and put up his sword while a grizzled man standing further back in the room studied them with a frown.  Jace said quietly, “more of my comrades, sir.  Now what of your decision?”
The man said in a quivering voice, “I must know more before I come to a decision, but I am quite interested.”
Jace nodded, “we shall oblige you then as we travel, sir.”  He turned back to the ladies with a grim smile, “welcome to the Widow’s Keep, my ladies.”
Molly barked a laugh, “and I suppose we’ll never get to meet its infamous namesake?”
Jace shook his head gravely, “be glad that you won’t.”
Molly frowned, “I thought your apprentice said there would be three men here with you?”
Jace said quietly, “two of them have already doomed themselves, the third yet has a decision before him.”  With those words and a nod of farewell, he withdrew from the room, leaving Molly and Karin to escort the prisoner out into the courtyard with the rest of those captured or who had surrendered.
Jace found his apprentice in the hall, standing glumly over the dead guard, clutching his side.  Said the boy faintly, “I’ve never killed anyone before.”
Jace said quietly, “it is never an easy thing, but it was either him or you.”  The boy nodded slowly and his mentor put a comforting hand on his shoulder, before they both turned away and returned to the courtyard where the captain was waiting with the former occupants of the castle.  It took most of the night to sort out the true villains from those just looking to earn a living.  Justice was meted out, the soldiers sent home, and the Brethren turned back towards Astoria, their intriguing captive in tow.


3

They did not travel far that day, just enough to get away from the awful castle and its grim history, and then they set up camp, intending to travel on the morrow, for none had slept the previous night.  Molly, it seemed, had once aspired to the Teaching sect, before changing her mind and taking up with the Messengers instead, so gladly did she regale the thoughtful captive with tales of the Master while Jace sent the apprentices off to gather some wood for a fire.
Karin was delighted to have a chance to speak with the puzzling Cieren alone, but he was far from enthusiastic about the idea.  He felt more fear in facing his onetime beloved than he had in the Widow’s clutches, for it seemed though his interest had fizzled quickly with his initiation into the Shadow, hers was only beginning to quicken.  Said she, rather abashedly, “you are quite a befuddling young man, Cieren.”
Cieren dropped the bundle of sticks he held in his hands, wanting to reach for his sword, but knowing that would be far from appropriate, or useful, instead he gasped, “what are you implying, Karin?”
She smiled warmly at him, if a bit shyly, “you once thought quite highly of me, have things changed so much?”
Cieren gaped, “everything has changed, utterly!  I shall never wed or even pursue a woman hereafter.”
A slight frown marred her brow, “what has happened?  You were once willing to fight a duel for my sake, now you will hardly exchange words with me!”
He smiled sheepishly, “what changed with you, madam, I thought you wanted nothing to do with me or any man?”
She flashed him a beauteous smile, “I thought there was no man out there for me, who, even among the Brethren, would find a female Messenger attractive?  But here you are, an apprenticing Messenger yourself!  What is to stop us, save awaiting the appropriate time and the Lady’s blessing?”
Cieren shook his head gravely, “it cannot be, my lady.  I am sorry if I was too zealous upon a previous occasion, but I was immature, reckless, and infatuated, which are poor stones with which to build a foundation.”
“Let us start anew!” said she hopefully.
Cieren smiled sadly, “nay lady, as you once spoke, now so shall I: my duty shall be all my life.”  As he spoke, her frown deepened, and he hastened to add, “that and I am forbidden from such pursuits.”
She mouthed the word ‘forbidden’ and said in consternation, “who has thus forbidden you?  It cannot be the Lady?”
“It was the Master Himself,” said Cieren quietly, “but I cannot tell you more.”
She looked ready to go for her own sword, but she schooled herself to calmness and said with nary a tremble in her voice, “very well, sir, we shall remain as we have always been: comrades in arms.”  She gave him a stiff nod in farewell and ventured deeper into the woods to seek her own bundle of sticks, leaving Cieren to watch her go in relief and chagrin; at least that was over with, or so he hoped.
He returned to Jace, a perfunctory bundle of sticks in his arms, said he in puzzlement, “what can you tell me of women?”
Jace laughed heartily, “that you’ll never understand them, but thankfully that is not a requirement to share the planet with them.  Sometimes I think they hardly understand themselves.”
“I would beg to differ,” said Molly with an irritated sniff, rejoining the others after her interview with the prisoner.
Jace bowed, an impish smile on his face, “that is ever your privilege madam, as it is mine to disagree.”
“That may be,” said she, her own smile growing fierce, “but a gentleman at least does not speak thus to a lady.”
Jace snorted, “a true gentleman lies?  Or simply lies by omission?”  She raised her eyebrows but made no answer as Jace frowned, “where is our dear captive?”
She shrugged, “he wearied of my tales and asked for some time alone to contemplate further upon the matter; I saw no harm in obliging him.”  Her words trailed off in dismay as she read the growing alarm in Jace’s eyes, said she quietly, “that was a bad idea, wasn’t it?”
Jace nodded grimly, gripping his sword and motioning for Cieren to follow, he said over his shoulder as he left the camp, “you had better go find Karin, I don’t want her stumbling upon this fiend unawares, especially if he is not alone.”
Molly frowned, “not alone?”
Jace shook his head, “just go find her while we find our vile friend.”
She scowled after their retreating backs, wondering why they felt they should have all the fun while she had to stay safe and find her missing apprentice.  She laughed ruefully at her own sulking, as if she were a newly apprenticed Warrior rather than a seasoned Messenger.  It was her apprentice that was missing, that was all, or was it?  She frowned again, this time in befuddlement, but she took a step in the direction her apprentice had gone then froze when an idea struck her.  Contacting Karin’s unicorn through her own mount proved to be a fairly simple matter and the girl’s unicorn assured Molly that he would keep the girl safe; she sent her own mount after the girl, just to make sure.  That settled, she crept quietly after Jace and Cieren.

They found him in a clearing not far from their camp, just climbing aback his lurker, a sword sheathed alongside the saddle.  He smiled grimly at the pair of Messengers and said, “I had hoped to vanish without a trace, but it seems I will have to make martyrs of you after all.  Your tales are all well and good, quite interesting in fact, but I have decided that they are not what I need at the moment.”
“And what would that be?” said Jace stonily, his sword at the ready.
The man smirked, “freedom, rationality, and to be well away from here.”
Jace shook his head, “how do you find any of that, serving the master that you do?”
The man snorted, “I don’t look too deeply into the source from whence my power comes, I am just happy to avail myself of it on occasion.  Now out of my way or I will cut a path through you!  Have I your word that you will not follow?”
Jace set himself and glanced at Cieren, who gave him a grim but eager smile, said he, “don’t be ridiculous.  You will face justice, sir.”
“Perhaps I will,” said the man gravely, “but it will cost you far more than it is worth.  Perhaps you do not value your own life, but what of the boy?  Will you sacrifice him to apprehend me?”
Jace grated, “he knows his duty and I mine.”
“Very well,” laughed the man darkly, dismounting from his beast and drawing his sword, “let us see if you are in earnest.”  He sent the beast after Cieren and faced off with Jace, who nodded grimly at his apprentice, who was now smiling fit to rend his face asunder.  Jace shook his head at this boyish exuberance as he parried the first strike and then lost himself utterly in the deadly dance of steel and wits.
The monster was far larger and faster than Cieren had anticipated, but there was nothing to do but fight or die, or both.  He was barely able to block each snap of teeth or slash of claws, let alone able to strike back; it was only a matter of time before it broke through his defenses and tore him apart.  His smile turned grim as suddenly he knew what it was he must do.  He quit trying to block and immediately lunged at the vulnerable breast with his sword, but this left his entire person at the creature’s mercy, a trait it did not possess.  He felt his sword slide into the creature’s heart and then knew little thereafter but agony and darkness.
Jace saw the embattled pair collapse together off to the side, the creature twitching and flailing even after death, but kept his focus on the man before him.  Grated the boy, “your pet is dead.”
The man snarled, “so is your apprentice.”
Jace smiled grimly, “little you know.”
“Hah!” triumphed the man as he drove his sword deep into Jace’s abdomen, “I know I have bested you!”
“Perhaps,” groaned Jace, as he lunged forward with his fading strength and scored a mortal blow upon his triumphant foe.
“Who is the victor?” gasped the dying man, “we are both of us dead.”  He laughed hollowly, “but you lost your apprentice too, so I suppose I came out ahead.”
Jace shook his head and sat up, a faint glow suffusing his injured flank, “you can never win by dying outside the Master’s keeping, repent ere it is too late!”
The man gaped as his supposedly moribund foe stood and even had the strength to proselytize, rasped he, “it isn’t fair...”  And then he said no more and never would, at least to mortal men.
Jace shook his head sadly, glanced about to make sure he was still unobserved, and then approached the dead lurker, quiescent at last.  It was a simple matter to banish the carcass with a pulse of light and reveal the ghastly remains of his apprentice beneath.  Jace froze, having heard a noise out of place in the surrounding woods.  He looked quickly over his shoulder directly into the wide eyes of Molly.  He turned slowly and asked quietly, “how much did you see?”
She smirked at him, “enough.”  When he continued to stand there, frozen in horror, she snorted and pointed at the tattered remnants of his apprentice, “aren’t you going to do something?”
Jace gaped at her, “what are you expecting?  A miracle?”
She laughed outright, “certainly!  After what I’ve seen, you think raising the dead is going to surprise me?”
Jace shrugged and knelt beside Cieren, restoring him to form and function with another pulse of light.  He smiled triumphantly at his mentor and then gaped in astonishment to see Molly smiling just as widely over Jace’s shoulder.  Jace helped him to his feet and eyed Molly sternly, “we must speak privately.  Is Karin occupied elsewhere?”
Molly nodded, “of course.  Follow me.”  Jace exchanged a grim smile with Cieren as they set off after the intrigued lady.  They settled on some fallen logs beside a chattering stream where they might talk at length while the brook’s noise would mask most of their words from accidental eavesdroppers.  Once they were settled, the woman beamed, “tell me everything.”
Jace shook his head adamantly, “madam, that is impossible.”
She snorted a laugh, “what I just saw in that clearing was impossible, now I need an explanation or I’ll start making things up, and that will be far worse than the truth.  I witnessed a few uncanny things back in that forsaken castle, but put them down to overtiredness or the eeriness of the place itself, but now I begin to wonder.”
“What did you see?” asked Jace quietly.
“Fair enough,” laughed she, “I’ll tell you all I saw and then you can tell me what you will.  First, what was your apprentice doing standing in the courtyard ready to let us in when the place was still full of the Widow’s guards?  How is it the boy came away from his fight with the guard without a scratch on him when I know he was hit at least once, and likely more?  Where were the bodies of the other men who were supposedly in that room with you?  How did you survive the Widow’s attentions in the first place?  That night you returned to that grim room and thought everyone was busy with the prisoners in the courtyard, but I followed you, but you had locked the door so I couldn’t see what you were up to, thankfully I happened to be looking away when that great light was loosed.”
Jace was on his feet, pacing in agitation, “had you followed me into that room you would not have survived that light!  This whole inquiry might well get you killed!”
She shook her head, a knowing smile on her face, “I think not, I have no intention of betraying your secrets, whatever they are, but you have intrigued me from the first.”
Jace frowned at her, “from the first?”
She laughed merrily, “I have watched you, Master Jaime, you and the equally mysterious Bain.  You two are up to something, you and Hawk and Adan and that pert servant; sometimes I even think the Lady is in on it.  Marin got close, but somehow you managed to evade him, but you were not so fortunate with me.  Who are you, truly?”
Jace studied her silently for a long moment, there was a keen wit and a merry humor in those dancing eyes and suddenly he knew he could trust her, said he, “who do you think I am?”
“If it were not impossible,” smiled she, “I would say your given name is Jace.”  
At Cieren’s gasp she smiled all the more and Jace bowed deeply, “at your service madam.”  It was his turn to smile, “I thought the impossible was quite possible this day?”
She nodded happily, “that it certainly is, would you care to enlighten me?”
Cieren was uneasy and burst out, “can we truly tell her all?”
Jace smiled grimly, “not all, but enough that she is able to do that which she must.”
Molly frowned, “what are you talking about?”
Jace grinned, “madam, you have just solved a great mystery for us all.  You once aspired to the Teaching sect, correct?”  She nodded, her brow furrowed as the boy continued, “you have been trained in the art of storytelling and the recording thereof?”  Her eyes widened as she began to understand but nodded firmly.  Jace smiled widely, “congratulations madam, you have volunteered to record the various exploits of the Shadow of the Unicorn.”
Cieren gaped, “the Legends?!”
Jace nodded, “exactly.”
She frowned at him in consternation, “I am no scribe; I did not take up with the Messengers to copy old manuscripts!”
Jace laughed, “I did not say you would be scribing in a library somewhere, madam, rather you will travel forward and back in time to record some of the tales peculiar to the Shadow.  It will require a stout heart and a firm mind, of which you are no doubt possessed.”
She smiled ruefully, “and it will also be a fitting penance for my excessive curiosity.”
Jace smiled, “aye madam, when one ferrets out another’s secrets, especially those of the Master, one cannot be surprised when there are consequences, but as you are determined to know more of this matter, so too is your wish granted.”
She laughed, “why is Marin not writing up this manuscript of yours?”
Jace groaned, “that would be the very death of the Shadow, madam.  We depend on those books to introduce our initiates to the whole concept, if they were more a textbook rather than a collection of well told tales, no one would enter this uncanny service.”
She frowned, “how is it you have a copy of a book that I have yet to write?”
Jace grinned, “did I not say you would be traveling about into the future or the past?  If you can, why can’t your books?”
“You have me there, lad,” said she with a wry grin, “now you had best tell me all you can of this Shadow of yours that I may record it properly.”  She frowned, “and who will be reading this work?”
Jace said quietly, “only those Called into the Shadow and the Lady of Astoria may read it, all others see nothing but a mathematical text.”
She smiled eagerly, “this only gets better and better, Cieren, you had best go occupy Karin whilst Jace expounds further upon this matter.”
Cieren gave his mentor a questioning look, to which Jace nodded, and once the boy had dashed off, he continued quietly, “you must also know that this quest may well be your last, though it will likely be a lengthy one at that.”
She nodded solemnly, “I thought as much, it cannot be easy upon a mortal frame or mind to bounce about so much in time when we were made to exist one sequential moment after another, but I can think of nothing better to do with my life!”  He smiled eagerly and told her that which she needed to know.
Her eyes nearly glowing with excitement, said she as the sun was on the rise and Jace had finally answered all of her questions, “when do I begin?”  
Jace raised a glowing hand, “right now, if that is your desire?”  
She nodded eagerly and he sent her to some distant place in time or space in a brilliant flash of light.  A moment later she reappeared in a similar flash, but she was wan, wasted, and haggard when he dashed to her side to support her ere she collapsed.  She looked up at him with wonder filled eyes, “it is finished.”  She smiled wryly, “it has only been a few moments, in your perception, hasn’t it?”
Jace smiled down at her, “aye madam.”
She laughed weakly, “and what do you think of my books?”
His smile deepened, “they intrigued me from the first sentence.”
She smiled proudly as he helped her to sit upon one of the many logs in the clearing, “I did change the names, just so no one reading the stories would know it might be their own tale they read before it happened.”  She snorted wryly, “that sort of thing does strange things to a mortal mind.”  She looked up at him sadly, “take care of Karin, this will be hardest on her.”
Jace nodded gravely, she smiled warmly, and then the light stirred unbidden within him and she vanished forever beyond the confines of the mortal world.  Jace rose with a sad smile and went to find his new charge.


4

Two sets of anxious eyes fixed upon him as he entered their little camp, he saw the unspoken questions burning therein when he returned alone, but he never got to answer nor they to ask, for all was suddenly chaos and pain, and then darkness.
“What have we here?” asked the grimy man as he glanced about in consternation at the intruders in one of his long accustomed, not to mention hidden, campsites.  
His men had ridden in with the dawning, using the cover of night to hide their travels, when there was enough light of moon or star to ride by that is.  They had intended to sleep in their customary spot for the day and move on come evening, but they found strangers already there, armed strangers.  Wishing rather to ask forgiveness than permission, they promptly sank half a dozen arrows into each of the men and surrounded the girl with as many drawn swords.  Karin promptly dropped her sword and raised her hands, aghast at their swift and lethal treatment of her comrades and wondering whither Molly had fled, at least she had somehow escaped this nightmare; the only one who knew for certain would never again be answering any of her questions.  The villains promptly bound the girl and secured her on the far edge of the camp, retrieved their arrows and searched the bodies, and then dragged them out into the woods and buried them in a shallow grave.
“The Brethren!” growled their filthy captain, “well, good riddance then.”  He turned burning eyes on the girl, “her too?”
One of his underlings nodded, “aye sir.”
“A pity that,” said he scornfully, “she’s a pretty little thing but they’ve no doubt ruined her for all practical purposes.”
Said the minion, “shall we dispatch her, sir?”
“Nay, nay,” said the captain with a grim smile, “I’ll think of something to do with her.  Let her alone, for now.”
The man nodded but a smirk of anticipation grew on his face as he went to inform the rest of the men.  The captain studied the girl from a distance; she shuddered, feeling those piggish eyes upon her, but she staunchly refused to mourn her losses before such unseemly rogues so sat staring stonily at the leaf litter beneath the tree to which she was bound.

An arm burst out of the loose soil atop the grave, as if in some horrid tale of uneasy ghouls that could not rest, but this was no story to frighten or terrify, but rather just another day in the life of a Shadow.  Jace emerged first, like some subterranean insect bursting forth to live its final days under sun and star; Cieren stood, shaking dirt from his person and smiling ruefully, “I tire of being buried alive.”
Jace clapped him on the shoulder, “you were not technically alive this time, but I understand.”  He sobered, “let us go find Karin before more evil befalls her.”
Cieren frowned, “are we simply to waltz into the bandit camp, ask for the prisoner, and walk out again with our captive unscathed?”
Jace snorted, “it is never that easy, but I have an idea.  How do you feel about impersonating a girl?”
Cieren gaped, “you cannot be serious!”
Jace’s roguish smile certainly implied otherwise, “if I can manage to pass myself off as that awful Widow, you can manage to impersonate a terrified young lady for a day or two.”
It was Cieren’s turn to grin, “well, as long as I don’t have to be anything near so dreadful, I suppose it might actually be rather amusing.”
Jace nodded happily, “very good lad, we’ll sneak into the camp, swap out the prisoners, and I’ll ride to Astoria with all haste.”  He grew quiet, “and tell Karin and the Lady that they shall never see Molly more under the mortal sun.”
Cieren shivered in dread, “I’d much rather be a girl.”  He frowned, “what of the bandits?”
Jace smiled, “you’ll have to bring them to justice of course.”  The boy gaped again and Jace laughed, “I’ll return with all haste to lend you a hand, if you need it, that is.”  The boy nodded dully in astonishment, but quickly pulled himself together and donned a very impressive pseudo-visage of the lady in question while Jace vanished utterly, causing the faux Karin to gape anew.  A disembodied laugh snapped Cieren’s mouth shut as Jace’s familiar voice said in vast amusement, “quite a useful skill lad, and one you’ll acquire once your apprenticeship is done.”  The imposter smiled in anticipation as they dashed off to rescue the imperiled damsel, seen and unseen.

Kent yawned widely, trying to stay awake as he kept watch over the prisoner as the rest of the bandits slept; he yearned to free the girl, but was unsure how to go about it without getting them both killed.  At least her captors seemed content to leave her in relative peace, for the moment.  He also needed to find a way to dismantle the bandit gang from within, the reason he was riding with such a seedy band of rogues and misfits in the first place; they had been plaguing the borderlands of Andrea and three of its neighbors for months and all four realms were demanding the Lady do something about the elusive thieves.  Kent smiled grimly, thinking this a mission far more suited to the Messengers, but then the former Lady had been pressuring him to switch sects, and it seemed her successor had a similar idea.  He yawned again and then blinked in astonishment, for there was something funny going on.
His heart fell when he thought the bandits had killed yet more innocent folk, but upon recognizing Jace and his apprentice as the victims, he secretly rejoiced, knowing it was not the tragedy it appeared, but perhaps an answer to his perplexing problem.  This little stunt was no doubt some mischief of theirs as well.  He lowered his hood, revealing his face, that they might recognize him and have no fear in carrying out the rest of their clandestine plan.  The girl had been dozing but woke suddenly when she heard movement nearby.  She woke with a start but managed to remain silent, smiling hugely upon recognizing her guard as one of her comrades.  He motioned her to silence and she nodded, smiling impishly to be in on the plot.
She gaped to see a veritable copy of herself standing before her, also motioning for silence and grinning like a madwoman.  She found her bonds cut and the imposter quickly taking her place as a stranger stepped out from behind the tree, also one of the Brethren.  
Jace, wearing his original face, drew Kent out of the girl’s sight and then shifted his likeness into that of the astonished Warrior.  Said the boy, “take Karin and ride for Astoria, I’ll assume your place among the bandits and see that justice is meted out.  If she asks of her mentor, Molly has been called home.”  He smiled ruefully, “as it seems have Cieren and I.  It is rather inconvenient having to change one’s identity so often!”
Kent shook his head and gave Jace a patient look, “kind of a petty complaint for a man who was in his grave not an hour ago.”
Kent saw his own face wearing one of the boy’s inimitable smiles, “I suppose you are right, but you had best get going before someone notices.”  Kent nodded, saluted in farewell, and motioned for the astonished girl to follow as he vanished into the underbrush, calling their unicorns to aid their flight.  Jace returned to the tree where ‘Karin’ was bound, smiling broadly when his unicorn informed him that his comrades were safely away and none seemed the wiser.  The day wore on interminably until one of the thugs roused and replaced Jace in watching the prisoner.  Jace settled himself quickly that he might hide his face, knowing his amused grin would betray him to their foes.  As twilight fell, the band roused and made ready to ride.
The grubby captain informed Jace, “I want you to keep a close eye on our pretty little captive, if anything happens to her, you will regret it, sorely.”  He smiled cruelly, “you might regret it even if nothing untoward happens.”  Jace shivered in disgust and the man smiled all the more before riding back to the head of the company, well satisfied in his ability to cow the staunchest of his minions, especially the neophytes.
They rode on in silence for the balance of the night, encountering neither threat nor prey, stopping outside a ruined fortress as a wan grey light pearled the eastern hills.  They rode into the courtyard and closed a pair of astonishingly functional gates behind them.  The captain caught Jace’s look of surprise and scorned, “I am not so ill-prepared as you think me, man!  Remember that and you might live to see more such surprises.  Now see to the prisoner...”  He trailed off with a startled gurgle as an arrow took him in the throat.  All eyes suddenly turned in horror upon the collapsing captain and then outward in terror as they realized their own doom might come at any moment.
“Hands in the air, now!” ordered a deep, menacing voice, “or suffer the fate of your repulsive leader!”  Weapons clattered to the ground as hands were raised and defiant eyes glanced around desperately for some hope of escape or rescue, but there was nothing to see but a dozen bowmen on the walls and an equal number of soldiers, armed with swords and spears, surrounding them in the courtyard itself.  “Excellent!” mocked the commanding voice, “now you will tell me of this prisoner of yours and why I should spare your lives?”
Karin glared at the man defiantly, “tell me first who you are sir, and why I should trust you?”
The man laughed darkly, “I am a great lord of Andrea, my lady, and hope to profit greatly by ending the menace of these reprobates.”  He studied her for a moment and smiled, “and you would be one of the Brethren.”
“What are you not telling me,” said she sharply.
His smile became feral but deepened, “you shall find out forthwith, lady.  Now tell me, are there any more of your order amongst this bedraggled throng?”  Her stony silence was answer enough.  He drew his sword and held it to the girl’s throat, “step forth or I’ll take her head for a trophy!”
Jace, still guised as Kent, stepped forward, “don’t be hasty, my lord.”
The man smiled in satisfaction while the rest of the bandits gaped or muttered darkly at this betrayal, said his lordship, “excellent, go stand by your lady friend while I deal with these reprobates, that is, unless there are more of the Brethren hiding in this horrid band?”  Jace shook his head and the man nodded to his men.  Arrows flew and men groaned or screamed as they were hit by volley after volley, until not a man among them moved more.  Jace’s eyes widened at such efficient murder and the man smiled proudly, “it was the preferred means of these villains in overcoming their enemies, so I thought it rather amusing and ironic to use it in ending their menace.”  He raised his voice for his men to hear, “take the heads as trophies and bury the rest.”  Jace was quite happy to move away from the blood and slaughter in the courtyard as he and ‘Karin’ were led deeper into the ruined fortress that their captor might speak with them in private.
He settled himself in a once grand room, now falling to shambles with time and neglect.  He seated himself in a chair that creaked warningly and placed his booted feet on an equally rickety desk, motioning for his captives to seat themselves in matching chairs, which they did with trepidation.  “Now,” said he, “have I ended the bandit threat?”
Jace nodded, “aye, they are all of them accounted for.  Now what of us?”
The man lit his pipe, drew a long, thoughtful breath, and said in anticipation as he blew out a ring of smoke, “what indeed?  I have heard rumors that the Widow is no more, which means her power is mine for the taking, if I am willing to dabble in such horrid things, that is.”  He studied them coldly, “it seems a small enough price: your lives for my gain.”  He laughed darkly, “and don’t go prattling on about my doomed soul and the need for your silly master, I won’t believe a word of it.”  He nodded to himself, “I guess there is no more to be said.  I’ll have the King’s gratitude not only for ending this bandit threat, but also the power to manipulate him as it pleases me.”  He smiled broadly at this and left the room, securing the door behind him that the keys to his power not escape.
“So that’s it then?” asked Cieren glumly, “we’re to be sacrificed like goats to a heathen god?”
Jace smiled grimly, “it won’t be the first time, and as much as you dislike being buried alive, you’ll soon come to enjoy this just as much.”
Cieren frowned, “but can our blood truly buy the power he seeks?”
Jace’s smile became morbidly ironic, “just ask the Widow.”  Cieren shivered but caught his mentor’s mood as they sat and waited for his lordship’s return.
Some hours later, the door opened and two figures entered, one his lordship and the other a hooded figure who reeked of evil, a feeling Jace had long ago learned to associate with the Brotherhood of the Serpent.  “Do not do this,” said Jace quietly, “or you shall regret it for all eternity.”
Scoffed his lordship, “thus says the man at death’s door.”  He smiled cruelly, “nay, we shall kill the girl first, how about that, hero?”  Jace and ‘Karin’ exchanged a grim nod, each knowing their part in what was to come.  The masked man began his fell chanting while his lordship leapt upon ‘the girl,’ knife in hand.
The moment Cieren lay prone and bleeding on the floor, a sword appeared in Jace’s hand and he intoned for all to hear, “prepare to meet your Maker, villains, do you wish to seek mercy ere the end?”
The vile man quit his chanting and both stared at him in horror, but neither wanted anything to do with his pathetic offers of amnesty.  The dark man died first, dissolving immediately into a puddle of ooze, while his lordship backed to a far corner of the room.  Jace knelt beside his murdered apprentice as he pursued the last villain, a brief pulse of light passing between them before he resumed the chase.  When the words came, they were not unexpected, a panicked cry of, “wait!’ sounded behind them as the room filled with armed men and hope momentarily filled his lordship’s eyes, but the grim expression on Jace’s face drove it quickly away.
His lordship sighed heavily, “it could have been wonderful.”
Jace grated, “what is wonderful about murder and dabbling in blood magic?”
His lordship smiled wanly, “the power would have been well worth it, rather I get to die like a dog in this dismal place.”  His smile turned cruel, “but you will not be long in joining me, for those are my men and they will see me avenged!”
“It is not too late,” said Jace plaintively.
The nobleman snorted in disgust, “save your pleas for your own soul, fool!  Have done with it already.”
Jace nodded grimly and ran the man through, even as he felt strong arms take hold of his shoulders and pull the sword from his grasp.  Those not wrestling the murderous fiend into submission gently lifted their dead master and carried him from the room, while two were helping Cieren to his feet, now a boy in a girl’s clothing.  He smiled at them sheepishly when they stared questioningly at his strange attire.
They forced Jace to his knees before an important looking fellow with a very grim look on his face while Cieren was made to stand beside him, said the man, “what happened here?”
Cieren shook his head, “I was unconscious for most of it, sir.”
The man sighed in disgust, “then tell me what you can of events leading up to this moment, who is this fiend and why was he so intent on murdering my master when he knew his own life would be forfeit?”
Cieren shared an ironic grin with Jace, but quickly sobered and said, “we were minding our own business when a bandit gang fell upon our camp, slaying most of my fellows and I ended a prisoner.  They came to this place where your master’s men lay in wait and made an end of all but myself and this man.  He brought us to this room, where events have played out as you have seen.”
The man turned grave eyes upon Jace, “and what have you to say for yourself, fiend?  Why kill a man as great as my lord?”  Jace studied the floor, but remained silent.  Said the man gravely, “very well, if you will not give an account of yourself, let justice be meted out.”  He nodded to one of the guards standing over Jace, who promptly ran the prisoner through the heart.  His lordship’s steward smiled gravely, “let him rot here in this dismal tomb.  Come, we must see that our master is properly interred.  Bring the boy.”  He frowned, “why are you garbed in a dress?”
Cieren grinned wryly, “there was a lady in our party sir, and to ensure her escape from these fiends, I disguised myself and took her place.  Who knows what such villains would have done to her!”
“A noble gesture indeed,” said the steward thoughtfully as he motioned for all of them to leave the room and its grim tale behind.  But the corpse did not lay there and rot as the steward had intended, rather it faded away entirely, much as a unicorn upon death.


5

Jace found himself in one of those ephemeral pockets of reality when death took him, rather than the insensible darkness that was usually there to greet him until he was roused to waking life once more.  He felt quite at home in that uncanny sphere, wrought of much the same stuff himself: a light too wonderful for mortal man to look upon and live.  And best of all, the Master was there to greet him, for he never tired of His wondrous presence.  He knelt, after the custom of men, and the Great Unicorn nuzzled him gently, “child, will you be mortal again?  Sundered from even your Brothers and the Shadow?”
Jace looked up in astonishment, “have I done something to earn banishment, Lord?”
He laughed softly and Jace thought he heard the morning stars echo His joy, “nay child, a great evil is brewing in your world and I need someone to see that it is stopped, but he cannot be in any way associated with Myself or the Brethren.  Will you go?  A helpless boy once more, bereft of all friends and power?”
Jace bowed his head, “if it must be so, let it be unto me as You have spoken.”  He looked up, fear in his eyes, “but will I forever be sundered from You, my Lord?”
The Unicorn was at his side in a moment, “you are ever Mine child, at least until you choose not to be, but for the sake of this quest, it will appear that I have forsaken you, or rather that you have never known Me.  But you are truly Mine.”
Jace smiled ruefully, “then I will be content, whatever betide, for none can snatch me from Your hand.”
“Go, child,” said He, “you will know what it is you must do, and remember, I neither forsake nor forget My own.”  The light intensified so greatly that Jace felt his entire being washed away by its glory and then he knew nothing more.

Cieren glanced back once towards the place where his mentor lay, but there were so many men jamming the corridor that he could see nothing, but he knew, somehow, that they would be parted for a time and that he yet had his duty to be about, so he relaxed and allowed these strange men to bear him whither they would.  These were not the same men who had filled the courtyard with arrows and slain the bandits, but rather seemed to be the personal guards and servants of the late lord, whereas the others were likely mercenaries hired solely to end the bandit threat and were dismissed thereafter, for his lordship would not want any witnesses for the messy business that was to follow, at least from among his own household.  They exited the ruin and the Steward climbed into a fine carriage and motioned that the boy should join him therein.  The guards bowed, helped the lad into the vehicle, and found their own saddles; very soon, the entire party was underway.
The Steward studied the boy thoughtfully as the vehicle bumped and rattled along, said he at last, “that was quite a brave thing you did lad, risking your life to spare the girl, it would be a far better world if more men had the courage and nobility you have just displayed.”
Cieren felt his cheeks heating as he studied his boots, whispered he, “it was only my duty, sir.”
“Even so,” chuckled the steward, “it was very well done.  Are you interested in another vital quest, young hero that you seem?”
Cieren looked up with a frown, “and what would that be, sir?”
The Steward glanced about quickly, but there was no one else in the carriage nor could anyone hear without over the noise of the vehicle, said he, “my master left no heir nor has he any close kin.  He was not what one would call a sociable man, nor a very gentle or understanding master.  I do not know what he was up to in that old ruin, nor shall I ask, but I do not believe it was solely to rid the Kingdom of this bandit threat; there had to have been something in it for him, for he is no philanthropist, but I will not speak ill of the dead nor cast aspersion upon their memories.  Whatever happened, let it lie quiet in his grave.  But his loss will be a grievous blow to his tenants and servants, not to mention the Kingdom as a whole, for he was a great and powerful man, second only to the King himself.”
Cieren gaped, “what is it you are asking of me?”
The Steward smiled grimly, “would you step in, as my master’s estranged nephew, and take his place, at least until a permanent replacement can be found, if you do not wish to fulfill such a duty indefinitely, that is?”  His smile warmed, “who knows?  Perhaps you will come to enjoy the life of an Andrean aristocrat?”
Cieren said in some surprise, “but I am of the humblest birth, sir, I know nothing of mingling with the nobility!  That and you hardly know me.”
The steward shook his head in amusement, “what does that matter?  Most of these great men are important solely because they were born into it, you at least have displayed the courage and nobility nobles are supposed to innately possess, though I assure you, that is far from true.  As to mingling with the aristocracy, my master was hardly social, as I have said; you will do no worse.  Come lad, the entire Kingdom is depending on you, for with my master’s demise, chaos will ensue when others step in to vie for his power if no heir is apparent.”
“Very well,” said Cieren with a sigh, “I shall do it, but only for the sake of maintaining order and easing the transition; you must find someone soon!”
The Steward smiled broadly, “thank you, sir, you are most considerate.”  They lapsed into silence, both lost in their own thoughts, Cieren wondering how this would affect his status as one of the Brethren, but knowing it must be done.  He smiled wryly, suddenly knowing that as long as he was merely a steward of the position and had no intention of making it permanent, it would not violate his vows.  The Steward spoke at last, “would you care to know more of your new position, sir?”  Cieren nodded and the man began an exhaustive recitation of all his new position entailed.  The boy blanched, wondering how he was to remember it all without betraying their precarious situation, which made the Steward smile all the more.

“Out!  Out!  You wretched vagabond you!” shouted the incensed woman with the broom, a weapon Jace thought she could wield with deadly accuracy, as he hied himself out of her barn, where she had discovered him senseless that morning, apparently seeking shelter there, unasked, the previous evening.  He made it to the road and continued his flight, but the woman stopped at the end of her lane, shaking the broom in the air and casting very unladylike imprecations after him.  He could not help but smile at the irony but kept running, at least until he was over the hill and beyond her sight, at which point he collapsed alongside the road, panting hard, which was not helped by his desire to laugh uncontrollably at his situation.
He at last gained control of both his breathing and his mirth as he sat up and studied himself and the world about him, very curious as to what this mysterious quest could be.  He looked the boy he had been, what seemed eons ago, when he had fled his father on a cold, dark night near a century gone, clad as he was in rags and without a penny to his name, completely helpless in an indifferent and broken world.  He grinned broadly, for he was never helpless or alone as long as he was in the Master’s keeping.
“What are you smirking at?” came the gruff rebuke.  He turned in surprise to look upon a haggard old woman who had just limped out of the surrounding woods upon a narrow path, barely discernable unless you knew whither it lay.  Continued she, “well, it is of no matter.  It is exactly as the master said it would be.  Come along lad, you are expected.”  Jace tried to voice his confusion when she cuffed him, hard, “never mind your questions and excuses, you are summoned to the master and that is the end of it.  Now move!”  Jace gaped for a moment, received another clout for his dawdling, and together they retraced the woman’s steps.  She muttered to herself as they walked, “it makes no sense to me, what could such a lout have to do with us?  But the master has spoken, thus it must be.”  Jace was about to ask who her master was, but she raised her hand threateningly so his words died aborning.  Thus did they trudge along in silence.
At last they came to a great but crumbling manor house, whose original occupants had either fallen into poverty or fled altogether, for none had tried to maintain the once grand domicile or its associated gardens and outbuildings in at least three generations, but this did not seem to concern the crone, for she walked boldly up to the newly repaired gates and demanded entrance, with a bellowed, “let me in you sluggards or you’ll know what for!”
Apparently the minions within had received similar treatment at her hands as that endured by Jace, thus they were loath to keep this disheveled dame waiting.  The gates swung open and she sauntered in as if she owned the place, perhaps she did, for both the property and the lady were suffering from a similar case of decay and neglect.  Jace caught furtive eyes in the shadows watching as the lady led him deeper into the place, but could see nothing of the watchers, hidden as they were by the overgrown shrubs and various bits of stonework, but he knew something momentous was about to happen, for they watched with an awe usually reserved for a lost prince who had returned beyond all hope to lay claim to his crown.  He involuntarily shuddered to think that his Master had spoken of a great evil arising and here he was, likely in the very midst of it.
The crone led him into the great house, down innumerable narrow and twisting corridors, each more dilapidated than the last, until at last they came to the very middle of the house to a room with no windows and only one door.  On this she rapped lightly, atremble in fear and eagerness, and with a genteel answer of, “come,” she led the perplexed youth into the very heart of the house and into its master’s lair.
She sang out, like an excited girl who has just glimpsed a handsome youth in a village where none was like to be, “oh my lord!  It was just as you said!  I found him sitting by the road, a silly grin on his face!”
“Very good, Griselda, be on your way,” Jace could not see his face, draped in shadow as he was, but he felt the man’s smile, “be sure to tell the others.”  She bobbed a very awkward curtsy and fled the room, shutting the door behind her and leaving the two in darkness, for there was no light in the room, save that which had come in from the hall.  Jace frowned at this, wondering why this man would sit alone in the dark.  The man laughed heartily, as if he could see the boy’s consternation, said he at last, “yes boy, I need neither candle nor lamp by which to see, neither is distance or time a hindrance to my Vision.”
Jace gaped, “a Seer?!”
The man laughed the more, “you could call me that if you wish, though my household prefers simply, ‘the master.’
“Who are you?” asked Jace, already missing his own ability to see in the dark.
He could hear the man’s grin in his voice, “who am I?  Have I not just told you?  The Seer, The Master, The Prophet, pick which name you would.”
Jace shook his head, “nay sir, that is what you choose to call yourself, rather I want to know who you truly are, what you are doing in this place.”
The man was silent for a long moment and Jace thought he might have offended the man, but at last he replied with a slight chuckle, “who am I truly?  That is a question lad, that takes all of life to discover, even the best philosophers cannot give a concise answer.  What am I doing here?  That is another question entirely, one that you will discover with time.  And what is your part in it?  That too you will discover, but first come here.”
The boy took a step towards the voice and the man took his hand; Jace felt him looking deeply into his eyes, as if he meant to read his very soul.  Said the man at last, “you have seen many strange things lad, many of them beyond description, but you are not as I first feared, a creature belonging to the so-called Master sent to pry into things that are my business and mine alone.  Tell me, have you much learning?”
Jace replied uneasily, “I spent a few years in Astoria.”
He could feel the man’s triumphant smile broaden, “excellent, you have absorbed their wisdom without their nonsense!  Tell me, what did you think of all their pious prattle whilst you studied there?”
Jace smiled wryly, “I thought it a load of nonsense, sir, and was quite averse to it ever taking up residence in my own heart and mind, as seemed their greatest hope.”
“You speak truly and well,” said the man in approbation, “my Vision was correct.”
“Your Vision, sir?” asked Jace, now quite curious.
“Yes, my Vision,” said the man proudly, “sometimes I see things from afar, either in time or distance, or perhaps both.  I saw a young man sitting alongside the road and knew he would be of use to me.  So I sent the woman to fetch him and here you are.”
“What sort of use?” asked Jace.
The man shrugged, “that is yet to be seen, but you are now a resident of this house and must act accordingly.  The others will brief you upon the rules and I expect you to obey them.”  Jace bowed and the man continued, “now off with you, I shall have you summoned when next I want you.”  Jace bowed again, then fumbled in the dark in his search for the door as the man chuckled at his blindness.
Once out in the hall, with the welcome light of various candles in their sconces on the walls to guide him, he wandered aimlessly until he came upon a fellow mortal, perhaps the only other left alive in the world for all he knew after his odd and interminable journey through the heart of the old house.  The boy, a lad his own age, studied him curiously, a light of eagerness burning in his eyes, “so you are he!”
“I am who?” asked Jace with a frown.
The boy frowned, “you don’t know who you are?”
Jace laughed, “I know who I am but not who you think me to be.”
“Ah,” said the boy thoughtfully, “but did not the master clarify the matter for you?”
Jace smiled in amusement, “he spoke very vaguely and created far more questions than he answered.”
The boy nodded, a wan smile on his lips, “that is the master all right.  But he did not say what you are to do or what your place among us shall be?”
Jace shook his head, “he only said he’d call me again when needed.  I don’t even know who you people are or what you believe.”
“Believe?” frowned the boy, “why need we believe anything in particular?  Is not our faith and hope justly placed in the master and will he not reveal what he will in due time and happily will we receive it?  He saw your coming, did he not?”
Jace nodded, “that he did, but do his visions spring from the Master or some darker source?”
The boy gasped, “such questions are not for the likes of us to ponder.  Come, I will get you settled then, if there are no specific requirements or instructions?”  Jace shook his head and the lad led the way.  Jace was unsure which of them was the more perplexed by the conversation.
“So who exactly are you people and what is it you do here?” asked Jace as they wandered along more twisting corridors, he idly wondered if the house were some sort of aberration in space and time wherein there were more miles of meandering corridors within the structure than physics might otherwise allow.
The boy stopped before one of many identical doors lining this, as well as all the halls they had wandered through, and said proudly as he opened the door, “we are each of us here for a Purpose and we do that which we were Called to do.”
“Called by whom?” asked Jace as he entered the tiny chamber with its grimy window and lumpy pallet, but he knew it would be home whilst he resided in this strange place.
The boy shrugged, “destiny, fate, the master himself, who knows?  But we each came and not by accident, something grand is in the making and we are to see it birthed.”
“So what is your Calling?” asked Jace.
The boy grinned, “right now I am a Page, an errand boy, a servant, whatever is needed at the moment, but someday, who knows?  Maybe a warrior and a hero!”
Jace’s heart ached within him for this misguided youth who put everything he was into a cause that could not end well, remembering his own days of such unbounded hopes and unbridled dreams.  He smiled ruefully, of course the Master intended far more for his life than he had ever dared imagine, perhaps this boy could yet find the life he was meant to live, rather than placing all his hopes and aspirations on the strange man who lurked in the dark like some wolf in the depths of the woods.  
Continued the boy, interrupting Jace’s wandering thoughts, “what is yours?”
Jace smiled wryly, “that I hardly know, but your master assured me that time would reveal my fate or duty, whatever it is.  Have you a name?”
“Oh!” gasped the boy in embarrassment, “call me Corbin, and you?”
“I am called Jace,” said the boy eagerly, for it was some time since he could go about under his given name rather than a pseudonym.  
“Well it is nice to meet you Jace,” said Corbin with all eagerness, “and if you have any questions, feel free to ask me or anyone else here.  We are a rather cordial bunch.  Will you join us for the noon meal?”
Jace nodded, “of course, I am eager to meet the rest of your clan.”
Corbin grimaced, “it is almost time now, you had best come with me!”
Jace frowned, “how ever am I to find my way back here?”
Corbin laughed as he dashed from the room, “don’t worry, it is baffling at first but eventually you’ll learn your way around this warren of a house.”  They hastened back towards the kitchens and the informal dining room that seemed to serve the needs of the household whilst his mastership ate alone in his lair, Jace could think of no better word to describe the place, save perhaps a cave, but they were still within a human habitation, no matter how ramshackle.  As they seated themselves, excited whispers ran through the dozen individuals already at the table.
Jace gave Corbin a concerned look, “why is everyone so agitated?”
Corbin grinned as he handed his companion a plate, “we are always excited when someone new enters the house, especially one whom the master himself predicted.”  He grinned sheepishly, “some of us ascribe special significance to that fact and wonder if it does not mean that you have a special destiny, even more grand than that of the rest of us?”
Jace shook his head, “my fate can be no more grandiose than that reserved for any mortal man, whatever your master’s prognostications.”
The boy grinned impishly, minding Jace of himself at that age, though technically he still was that age, but his adventures had quickly matured him, whereas this lad was still very much a wide-eyed and excitable boy.  His grin seemed to say, ‘you may say and think what you like, but our master is never wrong!’  Jace shook his head and returned the smile.
He nodded a greeting to Griselda, who was bringing in the stewpot, she raised her ladle in a threatening manner and Jace quickly dropped his gaze, apparently intrigued by his cracked plate.  Corbin laughed beside him, “you’re already learning to give Griselda a wide berth, bother her with no nonsense, and do as she says immediately.”  He smiled ruefully, “some of us took far longer to learn that very painful lesson; I am glad you are a quick learner.”
Once all were settled, Corbin introduced their newest companion as best he could and Jace was pleased to see many smiles and warm nods of welcome, having originally feared himself in the midst of individuals already lost to evil, but these folk were as warm and jovial as any you might hope to find anywhere in the known world.  The conversation was interesting, if not of a highly philosophical or analytical turn, for none of these folk had had more learning than that which their parents could give them; they were rather astonished to discover Jace could not only read, but also write, and was well versed in subjects such as history, mathematics, and geography.
“It’s all a waste,” groused Griselda, “what sort of good does that much learning do?  I haven’t got it, neither do the rest of us, but we gets along just fine, if you ask me.”
Jace bowed his head, “you may be right my lady, for such learning is not necessary to life in general for the vast majority of folk, but there are certain professions to which it is vital and does much good thereby.”
“Awk!” laughed she, “you’re a bright one, you are lad!  Trying to salve my ego while defending your own, but you know what?  It worked.  I’ll concede your point, just cause I don’t have the learnin’ you do, don’t necessarily make it wrong nor does your havin’ it make my situation worse.  Very well, Professor, I’ll allow that you might know a thing or two that I don’t but only as long as you don’t hold it against me!”
Jace smiled warmly and bowed, “nay lady, that has never been my intention.  My esteem for someone has nothing at all to do with their education or lack thereof.”
She hefted her ladle, but said with a slight smile, “just see that it continues to be so and we’ll get along just fine, you and I, Professor.”
He bowed again, “just be easy on me lady, for I am but a stranger and know little of your ways.”
“Perhaps,” said she with a thoughtful smile, “but I think you’ll catch on fast and I see no reason not to clobber you whenever it is justified, just like the rest hereabouts.”  
Jace bowed again, in concession of her point and could not help but smile himself, “as you would have it madam, so shall it be.”
As the meal finished, the various occupants of the house returned to their duties, whatever they were.  Jace followed Corbin like a lost puppy, not quite sure what to do with himself.  The boy grinned at him and said, “have you not been assigned something to do?”
Jace frowned at him in surprise, “I told you that already.”
“Nay,” laughed Corbin, “Griselda has given you not only her blessing, a thing hardly ever bestowed, but a title and a duty to go with it, come Professor, I shall show you to the library.”
Jace shuddered, “if it is anything like the rest of the house, it cannot be in good repair.”
“I know little of books,” said Corbin thoughtfully, “but it seems the former owner took great pride in his collection and went to great lengths to ensure the survival of his library though all the rest of the house and property should fall to dust around it.”
“Very well,” said Jace, “lead on to my destiny, if such it is.”  Corbin gave him one of those infuriating smiles that Briane and he himself were so good at, and for a moment, a pang of loneliness washed over him.
Corbin saw his reaction and asked, “what afflicts you, Professor?”
Jace smiled sadly, “just a sudden longing to see my friends and family again.”
Corbin frowned, “but how can you come here if you yet have kith and kin in the wide world?  This is a refuge for those without anyone else to care for them, with no place to call their own.”
Jace nodded, “I certainly have no home any longer and all my mortal kin are far away, perhaps they think me dead.  You just minded me a little of my sister and the way she used to taunt me when she knew she was right and I was wrong.”
Corbin nodded, “it is no sin to miss those who are gone or sundered from us by time, circumstance, or distance, but welcome home, Professor.”  As he spoke, he opened a door that was certainly not nondescript, perhaps the only such door in all the house.  Within, took Jace’s breath away, for outside of Astoria, he had never imagined such a library.
Jace turned to Corbin and grinned, “perhaps I can find a few old friends within.”  Corbin frowned and Jace laughed, “books, my friend, books!  They are companions from which one might never be parted.”  
Corbin gave him an incredulous look but said only, “I must be getting back to work, but do as you see fit with the place, none but the master pays it any attention.”  Jace nodded, bid his companion a fond farewell, and then turned his attention to the vast collection, amazingly well preserved though the entire house seemed to be crumbling around it.  Therein did he spend many happy hours just acquainting himself with the collection.  He grinned in amusement, to think himself now a Philosopher of sorts, resigned to a forgotten library for the foreseeable future, and actually looking forward to it!  It was a miracle indeed.


6

Corbin came to find him as twilight descended on the world outside, for little did Jace notice, lost as he was in his explorations of the great library.  Said he happily, “perhaps I have found my niche after all.”
Corbin shook his head, “nay, I doubt your great destiny, whatever it is, is to be the master’s librarian.  Come, he has called you.”
Jace looked up curiously and hastened after the boy, back to the inner chamber where no light dared go.  Said Corbin quietly, “I’ll leave a candle here for you, take it when you go.”  He vanished around a turning, leaving Jace alone to knock upon another nondescript door.  He entered when bidden to do so.
Said the Seer from his corner of the darkened room, “how was your first day then?  I hear the esteemed Griselda has already given you a name and a destiny, such as it is.”  He laughed outright and then continued, “you can be of use to me in there, had I known you to be such a scholar, I would have asked you from the first.  Take this list of historical sites and see what you can learn of them.”  The boy frowned and the man continued, “don’t bother asking what is so important about these particular locations, that you’ll discover as you do as I have asked, now off with you!”
The boy bowed, took the list, and found the door a little easier on this occasion.  He nearly tripped over Corbin’s candle however, but thankfully it wasn’t lit or the entire house might have gone up in flames.  He had thought to go back to the library and begin working on this odd project immediately but only then remembered the constraints of his mortality; he grinned amusedly to himself, for he had spent more time in this condition than as a true Shadow.  He glanced longingly at his right palm, but even that reassuring sign had been taken away, or at least hidden, that he might complete his mission with none the wiser as to his true proclivities.  He tucked the list in his pocket and made his way to the dining hall instead, where his companions were already helping themselves to more of Griselda’s filling, if indifferent, cooking.  But then he couldn’t cook at all so he had best not complain.
Corbin smiled at him gaily, “you look rather thoughtful.”
Jace nodded, “I have a mission, or at least a homework assignment from the master of the house himself.”
Griselda squeaked in delight, “how wonderful, Professor!  I knew from the first you would be a boon to our master.”
Jace smiled noncommittally and knew he could not call her on that particular fib, fearing she might crack his skull with the great spoon she now wielded.  The meal continued on peacefully, save the lingering excitement over the new arrival and his invaluableness to their master.  Corbin offered to lead him to his room, an offer Jace gladly accepted and soon enough he was sleeping soundly, hoping the morrow would bring answers to the myriad questions to which he still had no answers.

He awoke to a pallid light streaming through the filthy window and thought to chance the labyrinthine corridors on his own, hoping he would not die of thirst by taking a wrong turning and becoming lost forever within the confines of that ramshackle house.  Griselda was already up and busy in the kitchens, but told him that breakfast would not be ready for another hour yet.  He asked hopefully, “I would like to get to work as soon as possible, madam, is it possible I might simply have a little bread and milk?”
“Well,” said she in dismay, “that is another matter entirely!  Why did you not say you were about the master’s business from the start?  Here lad, eat up and then be about your work.”
Jace thanked her profusely, ate his scavenged morsel, and soon found his way to the library, wherein he began digging through the stacks, hoping to discover what it was this so-called Seer found so fascinating about these particular sites.  He spent three days just finding the appropriate maps and books and another two weeks actually going through the material he had unearthed; what he discovered made his blood run cold.  For these were not sites peculiar to any historical event, country, or people, but rather seemed to be places where folk unknown had once worshipped the heathen gods, or rather the Evil One and his various minions in guise as lesser deities.  Whether the sites were still extant was another question entirely and what use the Seer hoped to make of them was a disturbing thought indeed.  He finished compiling his findings and told Corbin that evening, “I have finished my research.”
The boy nodded eagerly, “I shall inform the master at once!  He shall be quite pleased, indeed, he might wish to speak with you this very night; what a privilege!”
Jace turned his attention back to his potatoes and wished the boy could find a master truly worthy of such devotion, but Corbin was correct, the master summoned him immediately after dinner.  Jace entered the darkened room, bowed as courtesy demanded, and stood awaiting the man’s inquiry.
Said he after studying the boy for a long moment, “you are uneasy in what you have discovered.  Perhaps you have absorbed more of the Brethren’s nonsense than you care to admit or are even aware of?”
Jace said quietly, “these places in which you have an interest are historically known to be sites of arcane sacrifice and ritual, including human sacrifice.”
“Precisely,” said the man just as quietly, “does that not intrigue you?  What did the ancients know that we do not?  How can we harness the power they once mastered?  Can we not use it to make the world a better place?”
Jace shook his head, “power from such a source can only result in evil and chaos.”
The man smiled patiently, “yet more of the Brethren’s nonsense in your mouth!  Take heart lad, do you honestly think I would risk unleashing such vile powers upon the mortal world?  I am no such fool.  I shall look further into this matter, learn what I can, but if it is as you fear, I shall be the first to run as fast as I can in the opposite direction.”
Jace frowned, “if you believe neither in the Master nor in His Enemy, from whence do these strange powers spring?”
The man leant back in his chair and said thoughtfully, “an excellent question lad, and one I am still trying to answer, hence your research and my own efforts in that direction.  I am not saying there are not beings of immense power and wisdom beyond our own reality and comprehension, but I do not think them as mighty and wonderful as the Brethren claim the Master to be, nor as vile as the so-called Nameless One.  So perhaps there is hope of harnessing this power without loosing true evil upon the world by doing so.  Rest well tonight lad, for tomorrow you and Corbin will be off on a long journey.”  At Jace’s wondering look, he laughed and said, “it will be your job to scout out these sites and see which, if any, are still standing.”  Jace bowed his acquiescence and farewell but could not suppress the shudder running up his spine.  He went back to his chamber but slept little that night.
In the morning, Corbin was at his door before first light, all eagerness to be off.  Said he in ill-contained anticipation, “it is a real adventure!  Come, the day wastes!”
Jace sighed as he heaved himself out of bed but he could not argue against such enthusiasm, no matter how misguided.  He smiled resignedly and began to dress.  As they entered the stables to saddle a pair of horses, two of the three beasts in the master’s possession, Jace’s heart again smote him sore, wondering how long he must be sundered from his unicorn as well as from the Shadow and the Brethren, but he knew the creature dared not come near the old house, for the Seer undoubtedly would somehow sense his presence and wonder what it meant.  So it was, he set out aback a scruffy, unthinking beast, hoping he remembered enough of his horsemanship to remain safely aback the creature if it decided to spook at monsters that were not there.
Corbin said quietly, “you seem rather ill at ease, my friend.”
Jace smiled sadly, “it has been a very long time since I was aback a horse and it brings to mind things that unsettle my heart.”
Corbin nodded, thinking he understood what his companion was saying, “fear not, my friend, for if our master is successful, all will soon enough be far better than well.”
Jace shivered, “what is it he is up to?”
Corbin shrugged, “who am I to know his inmost thoughts and plans?  But it must be wonderful, he is the master after all.”
Jace nodded, “I see,” but said no more as they rode along.  According to his rough map, they should reach the first of the Seer’s sites by nightfall, if they pressed hard.  Another month of riding would take them in a circle back to the house and allow them to investigate five other potential sites as well.  Jace kicked his horse to a faster trot, uneager to continue on this mission but knowing the sooner it was begun the sooner it would be over.  Corbin followed happily after, oblivious to the horrific nature of their investigation.  Would the man keep his word and not delve too deeply into things not meant for mortal man’s consumption or would he be drawn inexorably into that arcane vortex to his own destruction and the world’s great peril?  The shaggy head before him offered no comment or insight, save to shake from time to time in hopes of dislodging a fly.  Jace sighed, missing his unicorn all the more.
As evening fell, they turned aside from their path and found a likely looking place to camp, but a cold fist clenched Jace’s heart as he said quietly, “we can’t camp here.”
Corbin looked up from his unpacking and frowned, “but it is such a suitable clearing and we aren’t like to find another so easily in the dark.”
Jace shook his head, “look around, what do you see?”
Corbin’s frown deepened as he studied the glade in the deepening dusk, “some old standing stones, but nothing that should bother rational folk such as ourselves, whatever the ancients might have thought of them.”
Jace said quietly, “horrific deeds were carried out here in days past, while I am neither afraid of ghosts nor of profaning so-called sacred sites, I do not think it a good idea for us to try sleeping here even so.”  He smiled grimly, “but at least we’ve found that for which we seek.”
Corbin gaped, “the master has an interest in such sites?”
Jace nodded, “that he does, we shall be investigating five more over the next month ere we return to the house.”
Corbin shrugged, “if it makes you feel better, we can certainly relocate.”  He shivered, “never let it be said that I tried to tempt fate.  Come!”  They hastened from that place and found a less suitable but also less controversial place to camp.  In the morning they returned to the standing stones, Jace made his observations, recorded his notes, and they were in the saddle again by midmorning.  
Corbin frowned, “what interest has the master in such things?”
Jace shook his head, “that you will have to ask him yourself.”
Corbin smiled wanly, “I’d rather camp among the standing stones.”  They both laughed at this, thus lightening the mood as they traveled and salvaging the day from far too much gravity on their part, for were they not young and alive and abroad in the world?  What could the shadow of ancient evils have to do with them?  That night they repented of their rash joy whilst the sun lasted, for an uneasy pall lay heavy upon their little camp though they were well away from that frightful place.  Corbin shivered, “I would rather go home now, for fear lies heavy upon me, though there is no rational reason for it.”
Jace said quietly, “there is every reason for it, for a mortal man is looking too deeply into matters beyond our ken, though he does so with the best of intentions and promises to pull out immediately if things appear amiss, but I fear it will not be so and unimaginable evil will soon be loosed upon the world.”  Jace clenched his teeth and reached for the sword that was not there, causing Corbin’s brow to furrow in concern.  Jace suddenly realized what he must look like and turned sheepish eyes upon his companion, “forgive me, that was a different life.”
The boy asked anxiously, “are you some sort of warrior or knight errant then, fallen on hard times or fled in disgrace?”
Jace laughed heartily, “nay, I know a little of the sword and had hoped to use my skill for the benefit of others, but alas, I am naught but a boy astride a scruffy nag, doomed to spend his days reading of adventures rather than having them.”
Corbin sighed, “that is my own doom as well, I fear, but come, this journey must count for something, as unsettling as it is!”
“It is important,” said Jace quietly, “but for what or whom, is yet to be determined.”
They continued on, finding the sites of interest, making their observations, and moving on as quickly as they could, thus did they come back to the old house within the month allotted.  Jace did not expect their exalted host to meet them at the door, and in doing so, he was not disappointed, but rather the man sent for Jace immediately after dinner, still lurking in the darkness.
Said he at last, “well?”
Jace said quietly, “we have investigated six of the closest sites, sir, and only three remain standing, while two have fallen into complete disarray, and the sixth is all but gone.”
“And your advice to me,” said he with a grim smile.
“Forgo altogether whatever it is you intend, sir,” said Jace reluctantly, “for it can result in nothing but evil.  Ask Corbin, he is not prone to fits of fancy but even he felt the evil in those places.”
“Felt the evil, eh?” said the man with interest, “have you a sixth sense or third sight or whatever it is they call it lad?  Are you yourself a Seer?”
Jace snorted at the inanity, “nay lord, I am a mere mortal and nothing more, but the evil is palpable, even to meager men such as we.”
“I must see these places for myself, then,” said the man slowly, “you say there is one within a day’s ride?”  Jace nodded and the man smiled eagerly, “we shall journey thither on the morrow, see that all is made ready!”  Jace bowed in astonishment and hastened from the room to alert the minions that their master was leaving his lair at last.
There was not much sleep that night as all prepared for an eventful day on the morrow, such was their excitement at so strange an occurrence that they could not have slept anyway.  Two of the nags in residence were hooked up to the bedraggled carriage while the third was given to Jace as leader and scout of the expedition.  Several of the men climbed atop the vehicle to serve as driver, footman, and guards.  Just ere daybreak, the man himself came forth, so draped in cloak, hat, and hood that none could say whether the figure was male or female, young or old, but he climbed into the equipage and rattled off as if it were an everyday occurrence.  Jace kicked his horse into motion and led the way, wondering what it was the man had to hide.
They stopped at midday to water and rest the beasts, at which time the travelers also took their refreshment, but they hastened on that they might reach the place by dark.  Jace cautioned that perhaps they should wait until morning to investigate, but the man would not be gainsaid and insisted that they look it over immediately upon their arrival.  Jace could feel the evil from the road, far stronger than upon their first visit, even the horses whinnied nervously, stamping their feet in their unease.  The man disembarked from the carriage, the sun, westering behind the far hills, vanished altogether as he did so.  “Come lads,” said the man with all eagerness, “let us see what this ancient site yet holds.”
Most of their companions shrank back, wanting to remain with the horses, uneasy in the shadow of those particular trees.  The man shrugged, “it is of no matter to me, stay and comfort the beasts if you will.  Come boy!  Show the way.”
Jace nodded grimly and led the way into the trees which soon opened into a ring of standing stones, with a flat-topped specimen at their center, ready and waiting for the next victim to be offered up upon it.  The sense of evil was palpable and Jace suddenly wished to shrink back into the trees and never more venture forth.  
“Fascinating!” said the man in all eagerness.  He turned to the boy, “you said there was evil here?  I feel nothing but potential and am I not a true Seer?  Your time with the Brethren has tainted you lad, a pity, for otherwise you are quite useful to me.  Now if only we knew something of the rites associated with this place.”
“Rites?” came the surprised voice, “is that all?  You are an academic come to study the arcane history of this place?”
“Not at all,” said the man, as he studied a hunched form as cloaked and hooded as himself, that had just stepped out of the deepening shadows, “I long to unleash the power of this place!”
“Then I might be of assistance,” said the dark figure with a smile, “but if you truly wish to loose the power of the gods, might I suggest an alternative?”
“I am listening,” said the man with all eagerness.  The dark man’s words chilled Jace to the bone and he wondered how he was to stop it, only to realize to his horror and dismay that it was his duty to help implement the fell scheme.  “Very well,” said the Seer, quietly but with eagerness tingeing his voice, “we will return upon the appointed day, see that you fulfill your part and I shall do mine.  Come, lad.”
Jace was gaping like a stranded fish, but he followed his master faithfully back to where the others waited.  Said the man quietly, once they were well away from the standing stones yet far enough from the road that they might not be overheard by their companions, “you heard what that dark man said?”  Jace nodded and he could feel the man’s amusement at his horror, continued he, “there is a cost to achieve anything of worth or value, I will not force that price upon others, but it must be paid if we are to discover that which we seek.  You know what is required, will you help me attain it?”
Jace gaped, “you want me to ride to Astoria and ask for volunteers?  I am assuming you would not even consider the alternative?”
The man shuddered and said, “certainly not, this must be purely voluntary, and yes, that is precisely what I want you to do.  Will you do it?”
Jace nodded, “I do not promise that I shall succeed, but I shall do as you ask.  What of Corbin and his fellows?  They would feel quite insulted if they were not asked.”
“You get ahead of me lad,” laughed the man, “I was just going to suggest it, I suppose that is why I find you so useful: we think much alike.  You are not interested in this yourself, are you?”  Jace gaped at him anew and he laughed the more, “very well, I shall ask your esteemed colleagues myself and any that wish, can accompany you on your journey to Astoria, hopefully we will find enough else this is all vain.”
Jace shook his head grimly, “it is all vain regardless sir; you will achieve nothing but death and chaos.”
“Aye lad,” said the Seer thoughtfully, “perhaps you are right, but there is only one way to find out, come, let us get back home to rest and prepare for your journey, you have very limited time, remember.”  Jace nodded sadly and they returned to the others, who were more than happy to head home that minute rather than lingering in that cursed dell all night.  With the dawning, they arrived home and went promptly to bed once the master and the horses were settled; that evening, the master called all of the young lads about the place into his study for a private interview, an honor to be sure.


7

Jace waited quietly in the library, having asked Corbin and his fellows to gather there after their respective meetings with the Seer.  It was a quiet, thoughtful group that gathered therein, glad to have something asked of them at long last, but this?  It was so strange and unexpected that none were quite sure what to think upon the matter.  Corbin at last broke the uneasy silence, “what is he asking of us, Professor?”
Jace smiled sadly at his ersatz moniker and said, “he is asking any of you that are interested to accompany me to Astoria, and there you are to learn what you can of the Brethren and their ways, and if you have any interest whatsoever in joining them.  If you so choose, he has more he would ask of you, but that I cannot reveal to you until after you have sworn the Oath.”
“You do not seem excited for us,” said Corbin, “are you not going for just such a chance yourself?”
Jace shook his head, “I will not be involved in any Oathtaking, such was forbidden me long ago, but I will act as your guide and companion along the way, as well as dealing with the Lady of Astoria upon this matter.”
Corbin said quietly, “I must say, this adventure intrigues me, not that I am at all entranced by the Brethren, but to actually do something to further my master’s cause will be pure joy.  What if we get to Astoria and decide the Brethren are not to our liking, or we to theirs?”
Jace smiled, “you can come back here, stay in Astoria, or go whither you would.  This quest is completely voluntary and must be of your own choosing.  If you are even remotely curious, by all means, accompany us; you do not have to commit yourself to anything, now or ever.”
Corbin nodded gaily, “very well, the journey itself will be an adventure and it will be interesting to actually see this legendary city and its near mythical folk with our waking eyes.”  The others nodded their agreement with varying degrees of enthusiasm, but all six agreed to accompany Jace on the morrow.  With that, they all hastened to bed that they might rise early and be on their way.  Jace spent the night in desperate prayer, trying to decide if this was truly his Master’s will in the matter, and with a heavy heart, he knew it was.

They set off with the dawning, afoot as there were not horses enough for all of them nor would the master spare his few precious beasts on such an errand, for though time was short, they had been allotted enough to allow for the journey there and back afoot.  They were a boisterous and eager crew, for the weather was fine, they were young and in good health, and a true adventure lay before them, one that did not seem overly dangerous at the moment, though Jace alone knew that it would claim their lives, if such was their choice.  As he trudged along, his mind reeled with the thought that this could truly be his duty!
A magpie far up in the branches overhead chastened, “do not try to discern what the future holds lad, for such is not within your purview, but rather do that which you know to be your given task at the moment and remain faithful to that which you know to be true.”
Jace bowed his head in submission, smiled ruefully, and watched the bird fly off with an agitated squawk as one of his companions nearly hit Him with a well-aimed stone.  Jace grinned, wondering if the lad would have thrown the rock had he known the true nature of its target.  With a far lighter heart did he continue on his way, for whatever betide, it was in the Master’s keeping and he could do naught but his duty.  Thus did they travel ever onwards, day after day, until at last they stood on a familiar hill overlooking the city and the broad fields and pasturelands that lay all around it.
Said Corbin eagerly as the sun vanished behind the distant hills, “it certainly looks like a place where adventures might happen!”
Jace smiled broadly, “that it is, but come, we should try and reach the castle before full dark.  It will be nice to sleep in a bed again.”  He smiled ruefully, “and to eat something fresh and warm.”  They all voiced their exuberant agreement and hastened after their relatively fearless leader down the hill and into the city.

“Six?!” came the rather befuddled reply from the guardsman to whom Jace had applied for entrance into the castle.
He grinned in his own peculiar way, “seven if you count me.”
The Warrior exchanged a desperate look with a servant standing just inside the gate and Jace smiled slightly to see Jared once more, but knew he would not be recognized by the Captain of the Shadow as anything but another scruffy lad come to study in fabled Astoria.  He sighed heavily at this revelation, but focused again on the matter at hand, namely getting into the castle before daybreak.  Jared nodded, “it will be a squeeze I think, but there is a room available, it usually sleeps four.  This way lads!”
All eyes turned to Jace, who nodded encouragingly, and hastened after the servant, the others following quickly, not wanting to be separated from their fellows in such a strange place.  Jared was correct, the room would fit four comfortably, and seven quite uncomfortably, but it was far better than sleeping outside on the ground.  Said Jared, “the evening meal has just finished up, but I am sure they’ll find you something if you ask.”  He nodded in farewell and returned to his post, Jace heard him murmur, ‘seven!’ to himself as he went.  Jace smiled, knowing it must seem like a small army had descended upon them, quite unexpectedly; usually Students came alone, or at worst, in pairs, but Jared had survived worse dangers and would undoubtedly survive this one.
After a trip to the kitchens to scavenge what they could, the group eagerly returned to the safety of their rather cramped room for the night, not yet bold enough to join the other Students in their after dinner games and conversations.  Jace smiled, knowing that would soon change.  He sobered, at least if these boys had come as was usually the wont of Astoria’s Students, but they had come hoping to serve their master, one who was unlikely worthy of such devotion; they might perhaps choose to stay, but likely they would either choose for or against the Brethren rather quickly, and then leave forthwith, either to complete their awful quest or to flee therefrom.  Jace studied his companions, lost in eager discussion of what the future might hold, and wondered just that himself, then smiled wryly as a vision of what a little bird had told him flashed through his mind.  The future would reveal what it would, his only duty was to look to the present and act appropriately therein.
He saw his charges tucked in and then went a-prowling, wondering if he might somehow claim an audience with the Lady.  He smiled ruefully at this, knowing he was just another Student, a newbie at that, and an utter stranger to all those who currently dwelt herein.  Stricken from the Shadow and the Brethren, at least superficially, he was now an outsider, dependent solely upon the Master’s grace for the success of that entrusted to him.  But to lead these boys to slaughter like helpless lambs?  He shook his head, no, they would go forward with their eyes wide open, perhaps they would be wise enough to see through their master’s plots and he would return alone to the crumbling house.  That was the best that could be hoped for, or so he thought.  
A few of the servants looked at him askance, but did not reprimand him for being abroad at that hour, leaving that to any of the Brethren who might happen to catch him thus.  Jace smiled grimly, wishing for the thousandth time upon this odd mission that he could vanish at will, see in the dark, and still retained all the other gifts with which a Shadow was blessed, but that was not to be, thus he must do this the old-fashioned way.
At last one of the servants did take notice, Jared stopped him in his tracks and asked patiently, “are you unaware that Students are not allowed abroad at this hour?”
Jace gave the proper courtesy and asked, “I was aware of it sir, but please, I must beg an audience with the Lady!”
Jared smiled slightly, “you are a bold one lad, not only a curfew breaker but demanding an audience with our esteemed leader as well?  Might I ask the reason for this audience?”
Jace said quietly, “it is a nasty business sir, involving the lads in my care and their master; I would like to apprise her of the matter as soon as possible, and perhaps seek her counsel thereupon.”
Jared frowned suspiciously at the boy, “have we met?”
Jace flashed him his inimitable grin, “I cannot say that we have not.”
Jared frowned the more but a slight smile softened it, “you sound like one of the Brethren trying to avoid a question he’d rather not answer.  What are you up to lad?”
Jace shook his head gravely, “as I said, a very nasty business sir, but I may discuss it with the Lady alone.”
“Very well,” said Jared thoughtfully, “I will see what can be arranged, but it shall not be tonight!”
Jace bowed, “certainly not, I shall go to bed immediately sir!”  With that he bolted down the hall and vanished around a turning of the corridor, leaving Jared to frown after, wondering where he had seen the boy before.  There had been no silver mark on his palm, so obviously he was not a Shadow in disguise, but where had he seen that smile before?  As realization dawned, he shook his head in wonder; it could not be!  But he went to inquire of the Lady, if she was still awake, upon the boy’s behalf.  He certainly did not act or speak like a lad his age should.  He smiled ruefully, thinking this was how the Lady must feel with all the secrets she must keep for the Shadow yet never fully know!

Morning arrived, precisely on time, not to anyone’s surprise and the new Students hastened down to breakfast, thus beginning their first day in Astoria.  Jace left them to their meal, for a servant found him soon thereafter, informing him that he had an audience with the Lady, at that precise moment.  He nodded and followed after the man, as confident as if he were a Messenger who had spent a century in her service.  Jared watched him in passing and the thought continued to nag him, for he knew this boy!
Jace entered the Lady’s chambers and gave the proper courtesies, once he had finished and they were alone, she said curiously, “I would not have granted you an audience so soon, sir, had you not so puzzled one of my servants, and if something puzzles that particular man, then I know it must be an enigma indeed.  So tell me, if you will, what is it you are here for?”
Jace could not help smiling warmly upon seeing his sister again, a gesture which completely flummoxed the Lady, for she knew that look yet it came from a strange face, yet the boy had no fear of her nor awkwardness in her presence, but he was not of the Brethren and Jared assured her he was not of the Shadow either.  Puzzling indeed!  “Who are you?” whispered she.
Jace smiled proudly, “sharp as ever Brie!”
She gasped, rose from her chair, and ran to him, grasping his shoulders and staring deeply into his eyes, as if to study his very soul.  She shook her head and frowned, “you are not him, but yet you are?  Tell me truly!”
He smiled at her again, this time with that inimitable grin and she knew it must be her brother, yet there was something completely alien about this person who was, yet was not the boy she had once known.  She resettled herself in her chair and he began to pace, which betrayed his identity to her if nothing else did, for only Jace marched about in that particular manner when he had something rather difficult or complicated to impart.  He stopped a moment and caught her gaze, then dropped his eyes to the floor and started pacing anew, said he, “this is all very complicated, my Lady.”  He looked up again and grinned, “but it is good to see you Brie!”  
He sighed, growing serious he continued, “Jared does not know me, nor can he or any of the others become aware of who I truly am.  I am on a strange quest, the fulfillment of which chills me to the very bone, but it was the Master Himself who set me upon it.  I accompanied six young men here that they might learn of the Master, the Brethren and their ways, in hopes some might find an interest therein.”
He stopped and caught her eye once more, “my current master, who sent these lads and myself hither with just such a hope, will then ask the impossible of each of them.”
She frowned at him, “what are you saying?  Who presumes to command my servants?”
Jace snorted ruefully, “the Seer does, for he thinks to make the world a better place thereby.  He has been instructed by a foul man, whom he foolishly trusts as the revelator of such secrets, to do just that or rather to acquire three of the Brethren or three children or some combination thereof, and on a certain night he plans to shed their blood simultaneously to work his vile magic.”  The Lady gasped in horror but Jace pressed on, “but my master sees nothing troubling in this, if the victims go to their deaths willingly, that is.”
The Lady frowned, “murder is still murder, Jace!”
The boy nodded glumly, “this I know, Lady, and much have I prayed against it, but my course has been laid before me and I can do naught but tread it, whatever betide.”
She shook her head, aghast, “and these lads will just take their Oath and then waltz back into this man’s hands that he might slit their throats?”
Jace said quietly, “I have not apprised them of the second part of this grim adventure yet.  My only hope is that none take the Oath, or if they do, they consider the Seer a madman to be asking such a thing of them.”
She frowned, “what sway does this man hold over these lads?”
Jace shook his head, frowning slightly, “they love him as they might a fond grandfather and came into his service and remain there out of sheer devotion to him.  It is quite uncanny.”
“Is he a worker of such evil himself?  Are they bewitched?” asked she with a frown.
“He is no vile sorcerer, my Lady,” said Jace thoughtfully, “purely a charismatic old man.”
“Why is he called the Seer?” asked she.
“He apparently has the ability to see distant places and times, and even in the dark,” said Jace.  Continued he, rather quietly, “it was for this reason that I have been stricken from the ranks of both the Brethren and the Shadow, at least for a time, for otherwise he would know something was amiss the moment I entered his presence.”
The Lady said sympathetically, “you are still mortal?”
Jace grinned, “mortal again, that minor problem had been rectified, if only temporarily.”
She frowned, “where is your apprentice?”
Jace’s smile deepened, “he’s impersonating a lord at the moment, and thus having a much better time of things than I.”
She shook her head and rolled her eyes in a very unladylike manner, “I probably should not have asked.”  She sobered and met his gaze, “so you want me to allow these lads to take their Oath that another might simply cut their throats to accomplish his own ends?”
“I know it sounds insane, my Lady,” said he quietly, “but that is precisely what is being asked of you.  But they can only take the Oath if truly interested in it for its own sake, not for their master’s hopes thereof, and none will force them to take the next horrid step.  I do not know what will come of it, but this is how matters must play out.”
“Very well,” said she, far too quietly, “we will proceed as you think we must, but I hope for their sake, that they are not fool enough to agree to this man’s plots!”  She sighed heavily and then smiled ruefully at her brother, “how do you get us into these fixes?”  He smiled sheepishly and shrugged, before bowing himself out.  She stared unseeing at the door through which he had vanished long after his departure.

Jace found his little cadre gone to classes when he returned to the dining hall and then to their room, which meant he was free to do as he pleased until lunch, at least he would have been if Jared had not been waiting for him in the now empty bedchamber.  “I know you,” said he quietly, “yet I don’t.  Who are you?  What are you up to?”
Jace could not help but smile at the man’s boldness, but he schooled his face to neutrality and said quietly, “that I cannot tell you sir.  I have spoken at length with the Lady and she is content with who I am and what I am about, nor will she break my confidence.”
Jared shook his head in exasperation, “now you sound like me!”
Jace laughed, “that I do, sir.”
Jared sighed, “it is far from pleasant to be on the receiving end of such an exchange.”  He frowned, “how do you know aught of me lad that you could so readily agree with that statement?”
The boy grinned mysteriously and shrugged, “may I tell you the tale when all is finished?”
The man sighed, “I suppose that is the best I can hope for.  But remember, I will be watching you.”
The boy nodded, “I would expect nothing less.”  He bowed formally and Jared withdrew, far more puzzled than before his confrontation with the boy.  There was something uncanny about that one and this to a man whose entire life had been one strange tale after another for over a thousand years!  He wanted to pursue the matter further, but he felt a check in his spirit, and knew that such was not to be.  He sighed again and returned to his duties, more befuddled than ever.
Jace returned to the dining hall for the midday meal, eager to hear what his minions had to say of their first morning in Astoria.  He was not disappointed, for they were nearly bouncing in their seats with excitement at all they had seen and learned, and this only the first morning!  Neither were they intimidated by or scornful of the Brethren and their beliefs, but rather intrigued to have it all laid out before them so sensibly, whereas they had only ever heard it in bits and pieces, and often told completely wrong or with obvious disdain by the teller.  Jace’s heart both rejoiced and shuddered at this news, glad they had such an interest in the Master, but also knowing what that belief might well cost them.  He smiled ruefully, was it not the cost each of them chose to pay, in one way or another?  What difference did it make if they died tomorrow or a hundred years hence for what they believed?
The lads flung themselves joyously into their studies and soon felt as if Astoria had always been home, Jace withdrew quietly from the group, spending long hours in the library or riding abroad on a borrowed horse, ever wrestling with the growing dread that attended this bizarre quest.  The next Oathtaking was imminent and four of the six, including Corbin, were eager to take part, not because their master wished it so, but because it had captured their hearts.  The other two were indecisive, and thought to spend a few more months, if not years in Astoria studying.
The night before the Oathtaking, Corbin was near to bursting with excitement and asked of Jace, “you said you had been forbidden from taking the Oath at one time, why was that?”
Jace smiled in remembrance, “I cannot even tell you the reason, it was just said to me that it could never be, but don’t worry, I found something far better.”
Corbin frowned, “what could possibly be better?”
Jace laughed, “for you, perhaps nothing?  For me, I cannot at the moment tell you, but know it is more than I ever imagined.”
Corbin nodded, not understanding but not wishing to pry further into something that was obviously private, said he, “what is this other quest our master has set us?”
Jace shook his head, “that I can only tell you after the ceremony tomorrow, and remember, you don’t have to do it!”
Corbin smiled, “but how could we deny the master in anything?”
Jace said quietly, “wait until you hear his proposal and then give me your answer.”  The lad nodded glumly as they all turned in, but there was very little sleep for any of them that night, for excitement and dread.

The morning dawned clear and bright as the lads intent on joining the Brethren that day hastened through their morning ablutions and then disappeared towards the great walled in lawn where the ceremony would commence.  The remaining pair finished their preparations and left to attend to their usual routine, leaving Jace alone in the room, awaiting the return of the new apprentices.  The wait was interminable, but at last the four newly sworn Brothers returned, nearly glowing in their excitement.  Jace could not help but smile joyously in return, but he soon sobered and motioned for the lads to seat themselves to hear what next he must say.
“First, congratulations lads!” said he, “I could not be happier for you.”  He continued far more gravely, “and now I will reveal the second part of the quest your master has set you, if you are willing, that is.  Remember, you need have no part in this and can remain in Astoria in the Lady’s service with none thinking the worse of you, nay you are probably choosing the wiser course, but I have promised to fulfill this duty, thus do I pass it on to you.  Those so willing, will return with me to the master’s house and thence to one of three ancient sites wherein vile rites were once performed, for so will they be again, if our master has his way.”
“What are you saying?” asked Corbin in dread and growing anger that Jace might somehow be maligning their beloved master.
Jace met each anxious gaze, “he needs your blood.  He thinks he has found a way to unleash a power he hopes will remake the world into a happier, more peaceful place, but to do so, three of you must sacrifice your lives for the so-called greater good.”
They were silent in horror, but a thoughtful look was on each face, wondering if it could be true.  Corbin whispered at last, “you speak truly, but can such wickedness truly unleash goodness?”
Jace shook his head, “he is dabbling in things he knows nothing of.  I do not know what the end shall be, perhaps nothing if you all refuse, but I think he is intent on discovering what lies hidden beyond the veil of this world.  He means well, but this can only result in tragedy, especially for you!  But I said I would ask, thus have I fulfilled my duty.  Now what of you?”
They exchanged uneasy looks, but said nothing, which made Jace all the more anxious, for they were neither outraged nor horrified, but rather considered it as they would a serious proposal!  The man deserved no such devotion, but so it was and there was nothing to be done in the matter but to go forward.  At last one of the four rose and said grimly, “this is madness and I will have no part in it!”  He glanced at the others in dismay, “you are not seriously considering this, are you?”
Corbin smiled sadly, “we came to the master hoping for a quest, an adventure, the chance to make a difference, this well might be our only chance!  Though reason, sense, and even my selfish love of life cry loudly otherwise, I cannot desert him, even so.  I will do it.”  
The others nodded their agreement and the sole objector threw up his hands in dismay, “do as it pleases you, but I am no such fool!”  He nodded curtly at them and vacated the room.
Jace said quietly, “if you are intent on this, let us be on our way at once, for the appointed time draws nigh.”
Corbin nodded in resignation, “a pity we cannot eat with the Lady this night, but let us be about it if this then is our quest.”  Without another word, they packed their things while Jace went to report to the Lady ere they left.
She saw him immediately and the sadness in his eyes was answer enough, said she, “go then, if you must, and may the Master ride with you, to whatever end.”  She smiled sadly, “it is not just anyone who can ride off with three of my newest apprentices, you know.”  Jace gave her a warm but heartbreaking smile and bowed himself from her presence.  They left as soon as the lads were packed and they could bid farewell to their two remaining companions, who were rather shocked at their sudden departure, but wished them all the best, preferring to remain and study, at least for the foreseeable future.  Jared watched them go with a frown but did not hinder them, wondering what they were up to and who that uncanny lad reminded him of.

It was a solemn journey back, for they knew with all their hearts that they marched to their doom, only the hope of rendering their master a great service kept them staunchly upon their path.  At last, the great house loomed before them out of the evening mist, and none too soon, for the appointed days were running out.  Griselda studied them quietly while holding a lantern aloft and then chivied them into the kitchens for a late supper while sending someone to the master that he might know of their return, if he needed such, Seer that he was.  The lad returned, asking that Jace might attend the master forthwith.  He exchanged a grim glance with his former companions and hastened to the darkened room at the center of the house, shutting the door behind him.
“So you were successful then?” asked he, quite cordial, but also rather sad, “I had almost hoped you would not succeed.”
“Me too, sir,” said Jace quietly, “but it is done, at least my part of it.  Will you continue then?”
The man shook his head grimly, “after all this effort, it would be a shame to stop ere we’ve begun.  Can you imagine the power this might unleash, with which we can make the world a far better place?  Even pure curiosity is reason enough to go on.  We’ll send two of the lads off tomorrow to the furthest of the standing stones, and set out for the nearest site in a couple of days with Corbin.”
Jace nodded, “I would appreciate being with him, at the end.”
The man snorted, “you would accompany me even if you disagree utterly with what I propose?”
Jace said solemnly, “it is my duty, sir and I will see it through.”
The man nodded, “very well, so shall it be.”
The lads were each given the use of a horse, directions to their respective site, and rode off with all haste the next morning.  Corbin, the Seer, and Jace set out a few days later, the master contently sitting in the back of a pony cart, not having enough horses for the carriage.  He chatted gaily with the lads as they bumped along, as if they were not on their way to do the unthinkable, rather he made it sound the noblest thing in the world.  Corbin seemed resigned, Jace just felt sick.


8

They arrived at twilight on the appointed night and the vile man was there to meet them, still shrouded in black, asked he, “the others?”
The Seer bowed his head sadly, “should be in position.”
“Very well,” said the man, “come this way.”
Corbin lay down on the flat-topped central stone and the dark man gaped, “a willing victim?”
The Seer said quietly, “they have all agreed to this doom, I would not have carried it out otherwise.  Now proceed!”
The man nodded but said, “it must be done at the same moment or the spell will fail; we will wait until the appointed hour and all strike at once.”  The Seer grunted, but made no further comment while Corbin exchanged an anxious look with Jace, wondering if his courage would last that long, but he had not long to fret, for the villain said soon thereafter, “it is time.”
Corbin shuddered and Jace gave him a sad smile, wondering if he could do such a thing himself, for the love of a man he barely knew.  The Seer and Jace drew aside as the vile man began, neither having the heart to watch.  They heard him chanting in a fell tongue and then a loud crack sounded, as if the very heart of the world had been rent asunder, for so it had.  Jace stared in horror, into a doorway into Nothing, for the Seer’s meddling had opened a chasm into the Abyss itself, allowing several horrid looking reptiles, much like the Brotherhood’s lurkers but far larger and with cunning and wisdom burning in their eyes, to emerge and glance curiously about.
“No!” gasped the Seer, “this is not what I had intended at all!  This is nothing good, but evil itself!  I have verily unmade the world!”
“What did you expect,” scoffed the dark man, still holding his bloody knife, “that any good could come of such rites?”
“But it was a noble sacrifice!” wept the Seer.
“Hardly,” scoffed the other, “it was complete and utter selfishness on your part and foolishness on theirs; what can love avail but death and futility?”
“No,” said Jace quietly, “it is love that holds the world together and keeps death at bay.”  He dashed for the rent in reality from which the monsters were peering with cautious interest, praying as he ran, “thy will be done, Lord,” and cast himself into the pit, even as he felt the light stir within himself once more.  The next moment, it burst forth in such splendor that it smote all in that clearing and collapsed the door into Nothing, trapping Jace within.
He floated there, a dark mote in the darker night, alone for all eternity, as he had been once, long ago, but then only for a moment.  Then there came a light, a light from which innumerable black flecks sped in abject terror, having thought themselves utterly apart and away from that awful Presence forever, but He would not leave His own to perish thus.  The speck that was Jace hastened towards that light with all its being, eager to again be in the very presence of He who had wrought everything.  The light receded as quickly as it had come, allowing the forsaken motes to resume their lonely and silent vigil, aware again of only themselves ever after.
“Well done, child” said the Master quietly, “Will you go back, after everything?”
Jace beamed under those joyous words, his whole being literally alight with pleasure.  He dimmed slightly and met that fathomless gaze, “with all my heart!”  He smiled then, fit to shame the sun, “there is nowhere I can flee from Your presence or escape Your hand, even the Abyss is not beyond Your reach.  Send me where You will, ask of me what You would!”  There came another smile and then all was awful, wonderful light.
Jace blinked as his eyes adjusted to the darkness all about him, his gaze locking on a figure draped all in black, a bloody knife clutched in one hand.  The villain snarled and leapt upon the radiant invader that had just desecrated the arcane site, but vanished suddenly in a burst of light as he touched Jace’s outstretched hand.  The light about him dimmed, until only a common boy remained.  He approached the unmoving form upon the stone and laid a firm hand to the bloody chest; a pulse of light flared between them and the prone figure gasped back to life, staring up at Jace with questioning eyes.  He smiled slightly and sent another pulse of light into the lad, this time sending the boy wherever it was he had need to be and vanishing himself in the resulting radiance.
Jace found himself in a second ring of standing stones, the scene before him exactly the same as the one he had just left, but this villain chose to willfully end his life rather than give his foe the victory; Jace shook his head sadly, for the man was still dead, regardless of how he met his end.  He approached the slain apprentice on the second stone and called him back to waking life, only to banish him just as he had his comrade, and to vanish likewise himself.
He found the Seer behind the altar stone, weeping bitterly beside the slaughtered Corbin, his hood revealing a face, disfigured and scarred, with a ruined left eye.  He turned suddenly at the sound of approaching steps, his right eye widening in surprise, “you live!”
“What happened here?” asked Jace quietly.
The Seer stood, glanced about in wonder and terror, and then said just as quietly, “when you threw yourself into that horrid rent in reality, an awful light was loosed, destroying the dark man and those horrid reptiles and closing the rift.  I threw myself behind the stone, otherwise I would have been likewise destroyed.  As it is, I can now truly see.”  He met the boy’s gaze evenly with his one good eye, “but my Sight seems to be gone.  I was left physically blind and disfigured after my father beat me severely when I was but a lad, but I found I could See without my eyes even so.  I had great dreams lad,” he glanced morosely at the unmoving form on the stone, “but alas, they are all dead.”
“Perhaps,” said Jace gently, “but though you have lost your Sight, you have regained the use of your eye, is that not a miracle?”
The man scoffed bitterly, “as much good as it will do me now.”  He sighed heavily, “they are still dead, right alongside my dreams.  What kind of miracle is that?”
“Watch,” said Jace with a slight smile as he bent over Corbin.  He was unsure who gasped the louder: Corbin or the man, but he smiled all the more.
Corbin glanced about in dismay at the night dark clearing and the standing stones looming eerily out of the gloom, then he looked at Jace, a look of pure wonder in his eyes, “I am not dead?!”
Jace smiled warmly, “not any more, go join your friends and rest, you’ll be abed for a week or more.”  A great light enveloped Corbin and he vanished, leaving Jace alone with the former Seer.
“How?” gasped the man in wonder.
Jace shook his head, “what others intended for evil, my Master meant for good.  Now what of you?”
“What of me?” said the man in puzzlement, “what of me?  I’m an old cripple with one good eye and naught of purpose left to his life!”
Jace shook his head gravely, “you are guilty of blood magic sir, a dire condemnation indeed!”
“Me!?” gaped the man, “it was those dark men that held the knife and did murder in the night!  I had nothing but the best of intentions, how was I to know it would end like this?”
Jace said quietly, “tell the truth sir, you knew no good could come by such a means, yet you asked the impossible of those that loved you for the very vision for which they would perish.  You exploited their youthful eagerness and enthusiasm for your own gain, yet place the blame squarely upon the men who held the knives.  You are as guilty as they yet you hide behind your good intentions!”
The man sat heavily atop one of the stones toppled in the recent chaos, “you are right.  I have hidden it even from myself, but you are right lad.  Let the sentence be carried out here and now, I have nothing left to live for; I have lost everything.”  He looked up pleadingly, “you will not spread evil rumors after I am gone?”
Jace smiled grimly, “I am no gossip sir, neither a cold hearted villain, which to tell the truth, neither are you.  You can put your own affairs in order, say your farewells as you would like, and then plead your case before the Lady of Astoria.”
The man gaped, “but I am deserving of death, far more so than these wretched lads whom I put through just that!”
Jace said quietly, “we can have it finished here and now, but something tells me your tale is not yet over.  But it is your choice, sir.”
The man stood shakily, “very well, let us return to the house and then on to Astoria, and perhaps a brighter morning?”
Jace smiled slightly, “we can but hope, sir.”
They found the horse and cart patiently awaiting their return where they had left it alongside the road.  Jace helped the confounded man into the back and climbed into the wagon seat.  It was a silent drive back, for the man had been through much and had even more upon which to contemplate.  They reached the great house with the dawning, a grim looking Griselda was there to meet them, ladle in hand, and she looked more than ready to use it.
She ignored Jace and turned upon the man, master or not, “what is the meaning of this, milord?  I’ll never get those stains out!  And what did you put those poor lads through?  They can barely stand; they’ll be abed for weeks!”
Jace’s eyes danced as his befuddled lordship tried to comprehend what the vehement lady was going on about.  Suddenly understanding dawned and he said firmly, but quietly, “it is quite alright Griselda, let the lads recover as they must and forget the clothes, we’ll be disbanding and dispersing as soon as the boys are recovered enough to do so.”
She squawked in astonishment and dismay, “but milord!”
He shook his head gravely, “that is all I have to say upon the matter.  I will speak with each of you privately in your turn and I’d appreciate if word of this did not spread until I have done so?”  She bowed her head contritely and nearly fled back to the kitchens.  He actually exchanged an amused, though rather grim, smile with Jace.  Said he, sobering, “what is to come of them?”
Jace shrugged, “let them go whither they would.  The lads will be returning to Astoria with us, the Lady would never forgive me if they did not!  Let the rest go thither if that is their desire or return to whatever home they left to come here.”
“We’ll discuss it when I say farewell to each of them,” said he sadly, but there was a slight smile on his lips as he turned back to Jace, “it is quite a blessing to be so beloved, especially by those who were once strangers.”
Jace nodded, “that it is sir, I will help you to your room.”
The man snorted, “nay, nay, I can’t abide that dark and stuffy lair any longer, especially now that I’ve lost my Sight and after what we’ve just endured, rather, open the drapes in the library and let me abide therein; there is something about sunlight and old books that is a balm to a troubled soul.”  Jace bowed and dashed off to make the preparations after helping the man out of the cart.  After the master was settled, he went to check on the three apprentices and found them sleeping soundly in their respective rooms.
After the initial shock wore off, the little company that inhabited the once great house resigned themselves to the inevitable and immediately got down to business, for whatever the master wanted must be done!  All were reluctant to part from the old man and were resolved to follow him to Astoria, wherever that was, for none had a home fit to return to.  But they could not all travel in one party as the consensus desired, but rather the Brethren and the former seer would travel by unicorn and coach while the others would follow afoot, and hopefully matters would be fully settled by the time the latecomers arrived.  
The morning of their departure dawned crisp and clear, and all were ready for their next adventure, whatever might come of it.  During the interminable weeks while the apprentices recovered from their brush with death, four unicorns had inexplicably shown up on the doorstep, though they had kept themselves cloaked in the guise of lesser horses so that none but their masters knew their true identity.  The good folk therein thought it but another example of their master’s genius that the required horses arrived precisely when needed, though the stableman was completely confounded by their odd behavior.
They set out once more with Jace at their head, his reinstated status as one of the Brethren hidden as carefully from his companions as the unicorns hid their true forms from the uninitiated.  As they set off, an impish smile graced his face, for he had been in hiding so long he thought it might be amusing to remain thus a little longer than absolutely necessary, at least so far as a certain Captain was concerned.  The master seemed content with his fate, whatever it was, but remained hooded and cloaked that none but Jace might know of his disfigurement; the overwhelming support of his folk, regardless of what had happened, astonished him and warmed his heart far beyond what words could express, this above all else, heartened him for the journey and what lay at its end.  To tell the truth, he was glad to be out and about once more, to enjoy sunlight and birdsong for the first time in many years, when he had only watched it from afar.
Jace kept the boys busy working on their sword skills, teaching them the rudiments of reading out of the one book the party possessed, and telling many a tale as they rode or sat about the fire of an evening, but it was not only the apprentices that listened keenly to his words.  There was an odd sparkle in the eye of the old man that had not been there before.  As for their brush with death, they took it in stride, easily forgiving their well meaning but misguided master, which also astonished him, and speaking of it now and again amongst themselves or with Jace, but never seeming troubled or scarred by the incident, rather it seemed to boost their faith all the more.
Corbin laughed one evening as they sat round the fire, “will our future lives and service not be rather dull after this?  For we have already passed through death, what worse can happen?”
Jace smiled in amusement, “you’ve faced the worst that can be done to a mortal body lad, thus you need never fear it as a thing unknown nor what comes after.  But neither will your life be free of purpose or meaning, you would not now be breathing if there was not yet something for you to be about.”
The boy nodded at this good sense and thought to ask again, how it was that Jace had done what he had: restoring physical life and sending them inexplicably back to their own beds, but he thought better of it as he took in Jace’s knowing smile, for they had all asked him the same, numerous times, but he would only smile, shake his head, and say it was the Master’s doing, not his.
At last, they stood upon a certain hill overlooking the famous city and after exchanging a joyous look of homecoming, eagerly hastened onward.  They entered the city gates without difficulty though the midday crowds significantly slowed the carriage’s progress once they were within the walls.  Before they reached the castle gates, Jace pulled the vehicle over at a reputable inn and left it and the horses in the care of the hostlers thereof.  Said he as the master disembarked, “we must approach the castle afoot or on horseback.”
The man nodded, “I can walk that far at least.”  He exchanged a wry grin with the boy, “a pity my strength was not restored with the eye.”  Jace smiled in commiseration but refrained from comment.
They entered the castle courtyard without much fuss, thanks to the presence of three apprentices in their party, though that alone was worthy of note, for apprentices were not apt to be absent from the keep without a full Brother to keep them out of mischief, that three had returned after a rather significant absence alone was certainly odd.  Jace asked after an audience with the Lady as soon as may be, but Jared approached and said stonily, “you will not see the Lady until you have fully explained yourself, sir.  Come with me, the others will remain here and await your return.”
Jace’s brow furrowed, but he exchanged a nod with his companions and followed the grave servant into the keep, where they might speak alone and undisturbed.  He suddenly began to wonder if he should save them all the trouble and reveal himself to the Captain there and then, but a roguish light in his eyes assured that all hope of such sense had died aborning and he would recklessly continue as he had begun.  He was rather surprised when the Captain led him not only down into the dungeons but into the very back room where executions were carried out, where his own had once been performed.
“What is so funny?” said Jared, suddenly rounding on the uncanny stranger, “this chamber is not exactly suited for mirth.”
“Just some old memories,” said Jace, sobering slightly, “I did promise to tell you all the tale one day, did I not?  Why all the secrecy and gravity?”
Jared met Jace’s mirthful gaze with one of grim sobriety, “I see at least you have returned with those that originally set out in your keeping, though why the Lady ever allowed it, is far beyond me.  Who are you?  What are you?  Do not force my hand!”
Jace’s rascally side wished nothing more than to draw out the charade, that the Captain’s surprise might be all the more, but at last his more reasonable side won out, especially with the gravity with which Jared was taking the matter.  Said he quietly, “have you not guessed?”
“I have my ideas,” said the servant stonily, “now tell me truly.”
Jace frowned, “why are you so tense, Captain?  What or who do you take me to be?”  He knew it for a mistake the moment he uttered Jared’s title, for the man paled in astonishment and then grimaced in horror.
“I was a fool to even let you back into the keep!” grated he, “I warned you not to force my hand, fiend!”  He held up his palm and the silver unicorn thereupon blazed forth with a blinding light as Jared ordered, “reveal!”
Jace clutched at his heart as things unbidden stirred within him and then collapsed to his knees with a groan, “that’s decidedly uncomfortable, but not undeserved!”  He then flopped onto his stomach like a landed fish as he lost all control and a blinding light filled the small chamber.
He heard a gasp of surprise and felt a pulse of light enter his being, which cleared his wandering mind and hazy vision.  As he sat up, he heard Jared whisper, “Jace!?”
Jace grinned, “at your service, Captain.”
Jared shook his head in wonder and offered the lad a hand up, “why did you not just tell me?”
Jace said ruefully, “a sensible man would have done so, but you know that is not often a virtue of which I am guilty.  What was that?”
Jared laughed, “I’ll have to remember that little trick the next time I need to discipline an unruly Shadow.”  He grinned wryly, “not that that has ever happened.”  Continued he, “as Captain, I have a few tricks which my minions don’t happen to possess, one of which is the ability to force a foe to reveal his true nature.  I have used it on a wraith from time to time, but never on a comrade, I must say, the results are rather impressive!”
Jace shook his head, “I will try to be sensible from here on out if this is what I have to look forward to else.”
Jared smiled slightly but frowned, “I thought it was you at the first, but that could not be, for you were not Marked as a Shadow.”
Jace removed his glove, a circular hole had been burned through the palm where his Mark gleamed once more.  He studied it with a wistful smile for a moment and then turned it towards the Captain, “the Master Himself removed me from both the Brethren and the Shadow, at least for a time, until the quest He had set me was accomplished.”
Jared’s brow furrowed, “I did not think it possible!”  He laughed at his own inanity, “but with our Master, all things are possible!  It is good to have you back lad.”  He shook his head ruefully, “now I see why the Lady might allow you to take three new apprentices out for a lark and you not one of the Brethren, at least not officially.”
Jace snorted, “I do not know that she should have, I got them all killed and ended up in the Abyss myself.”  Jared’s eyebrows rose as he told the full tale but a smile warmed his countenance as Jace finished.
Said Jared quietly, “quite a tale that lad, yet again am I happy in my relatively quiet post as doorkeeper of Astoria.”
Jace grinned in his own peculiar fashion, “except when villains like me try to sneak in?”
Jared laughed, “just a regular day in the life of a Shadow.  Off with you lad, the others will be wondering what has come of you.”  He frowned, “I suppose there will be questions as to my behavior.  Report it to the Lady if you must, I think she’ll understand if no one else does.”  He snorted, “I just forget my place sometimes, I suppose.”
Jace bowed deeply, “you are precisely where you need to be sir, and glad am I to serve under you.”  He grinned, “even if you occasionally mistake me for a villain.”  He dashed off before the man could think of a proper retort, double-checked that his person was in a properly presentable state, and then emerged into the castle proper.  They studied him curiously upon his return but said nothing, for a servant waited impatiently to lead them to the Lady, who was quite eager to hear the tale.  Jace exchanged a grim smile with the former seer, who nodded resignedly, and all followed the hasty servant to the Lady’s usual chambers.
She studied them with a patient calm well suited to the Lady of Astoria, but her eyes betrayed a slight sparkled of joy, at least to Jace who knew her well.  After the proper courtesies, she eyed Jace curiously and said, “you return and in far better straits than I ever thought possible.”
Jace bowed, “it was quite the adventure Lady, and no less dire than I predicted.”  He grew quiet, “it led through death and even into the Abyss itself, but there is nowhere the Master’s love cannot penetrate.”  He then went on to tell the tale, at least what he could of it before such an audience.  The apprentices then gave their report and heartily accepted her joy at their unexpected return before being dismissed back to their regular duties, leaving Jace and the late seer alone before the Lady.
“It is a grim tale sir,” said she gravely, “blood magic is not something to be toyed with, nay even briefly considered.  It was forbidden ere the creation of the world!”
The man bowed, “I understand Lady, and place my life in your hands.  I have not been indifferent to the tales told by my uncanny companion upon the way and can say that I will die with no fear of what lies beyond.”
“Death,” said the Lady quietly, “yes, that grim specter dogs the steps of all mortal men.”  She gave Jace a slight, ironic look before continuing, “but has it not had its fill in this misguided endeavor?  Will one more life sate its appetite?”
The man looked up in astonishment, “what are you saying my Lady?”
She smiled enigmatically, “I’d rather use your life than end it, sir, that is if you are willing?”
The man shook his head in dismay, “what use is there for a one eyed cripple in his fading years, my Lady?  The heart is willing, but the flesh is weak.”
She smiled eagerly, “your feeling useless and the actual extent of your uselessness are two very different things sir, and there is potential within you yet, else you would not be breathing.  Have I your service?”
The man’s eyes were wide with wonder, “all I am is yours, Lady, use me as you will.”  Her smile was joy itself.
As the man was sent off with a servant to get settled and introduced to his new life amongst the Brethren, the Lady asked Jace to remain.  Said she with a shake of her head, “what madness will you embark upon next?”
Jace smiled wryly, “that I know not, after this misadventure I think all others must be relatively tame by comparison.”
She held out a letter, “have you ever thought of an exciting career as a secretary to a great lord?”
Jace frowned as he took the letter, “you know my handwriting is barely legible.”  His eyebrows rose, “Cieren is looking for a secretary?”
She laughed, “rather his Steward is advertising for one.  You had best go extract him from that situation ere he comes to think it a permanent position.”
Jace smiled eagerly, “I promised Jared I would start acting sensibly, so I suppose that includes actually being a proper mentor to my apprentice.”  He bowed deeply, “farewell, my Lady.”  He made his farewells to his traveling companions and then to Hawk and Jared before vanishing into the gathering night.  When the former seer’s household finally arrived in Astoria, they were astonished to find their master an utterly changed man, but happily did they settle in and discover what that fabled city held for each of them.



The Betrayal:




1

Cieren sat at his great oaken desk, studying yet another list detailing some trifling but theoretically vital aspect of his vast estates, wondering how long it would be until the Steward found a replacement lord or Jace finally reappeared to rescue him from this drudgery.  The Steward did not seem at all interested in his part of the bargain and was even rumored to be shopping around for a wife for the neophyte lord.  This was not what he had expected to do on his apprenticeship, especially as a Shadow!  He very nearly screamed in dismay when a servant entered and announced that the Steward wished his Lordship to be present as he interviewed candidates for the post of Secretary.  But he nodded gravely and said he would be along momentarily.  The man bowed and exited the room, leaving Cieren to sigh heavily and resume his rather tedious, though hopefully temporary, fate.
After the third applicant, Cieren was ready for a nap; he had never met such bland and meticulous fellows, but he supposed that was exactly what one looked for in a secretary.  As the fourth was announced, the Steward frowned, looking at the man’s letter of intent, “this shall be an interesting interview at least.”  Said he with a smile, “at least it will liven things up for a few moments, your Lordship.”
Cieren stretched and yawned, “very well, send the fellow in.  What makes you think he’ll be any more exciting than his predecessors?”
The Steward smiled wryly, “for one thing, this scrawl he dares to call writing is barely legible, he has had no experience as a secretary, and he thinks his skill with a blade will somehow suffice for his lack in other areas!”
Cieren sat up, interested at last, “then by all means, send the fellow in ere I fall asleep.”
Jace was ushered in and Cieren schooled his features to blandness ere he betrayed his excitement and thus ignited the Steward’s curiosity.  Said the Steward, after the proper courtesies were observed, “you are highly unqualified for this post, sir.”
Jace smiled unabashedly, “that I am sir.”
The man gaped, “and yet you have the audacity to apply for this eminent position?”
Jace’s grin became rakish, “I have done far more audacious things than that, sir.”
“Yes,” said the Steward, obviously miffed, “I can well believe it.  Now if you have quite finished wasting our time, we will move on to the next candidate.”
“Wait,” said Cieren, barely restraining a smile, “can we not at least hear what he is qualified to do?  Or at least why he is here?”
Jace bowed deeply and replied, “thank you your Lordship, I am quite eager to be of service to you, in whatever capacity you deem proper.  I admit I would make an abhorrent secretary, but at least I would be in your service.”
“What can you do?” grated the Steward, giving his Lordship a significant look, which he apparently did not see.
Jace bowed, “I am well equipped as an adventurer sir.”
The Steward snorted, “even if that is true, we have no need for heroes in this enlightened day and age, most especially on his Lordship’s payroll.  Please be so kind as to seek a valiant quest elsewhere, as soon as may be.”
Cieren shook his head, “no, no, I think he’ll do.”
The Steward gaped in horror, “as the Secretary!”
Cieren smiled, “no, as my personal swordmaster.  I am getting a bit rusty and he might be just the thing to shake me out of my funk.”
The Steward said dryly, “certainly milord, every great nobleman must have an eccentricity of some sort or other, I am glad to see yours is finally emerging.  You will make a great lord yet, but what of the post for which we are actually interviewing?”
Cieren yawned, “by all means, continue.  Have we another candidate?”
The Steward brightened, “certainly sir, and one almost as interesting as this fellow, save that he can write properly and use a sword.”
“Really?” said Cieren, now truly interested in the matter at hand, “send the fellow in.”
The Steward raised his eyebrows significantly and Cieren said to Jace, “have the servant get you settled and I’ll apprise you of your new position right after lunch.”
Jace bowed, “very good sir,” before leaving the room.
The Steward shook his head wryly, “a bit bold, but certainly well mannered, and far more economical than maintaining a varied assortment of female companions, as is the wont of some great lords.”  He nodded curtly and the servant ushered in the next candidate, who bowed splendidly, immediately winning the heart of the Steward, not only was he polite, punctual, and possessed of a legible hand, but he was also handsome, carried himself with a natural poise, and dressed at the height of fashion, yet managed to maintain both sobriety and functionality therewith, a feat the Steward considered nigh unto impossible.
Cieren smiled knowingly, for the Steward was obviously smitten with the candidate and would undoubtedly choose the fellow barring any unfortunate disqualifiers, but the man’s education, experience, and lifestyle were far above reproach, and Cieren was happy to say he told the absolute truth in everything, though he secretly wondered how such an aberration could possibly be applying for such a lowly position, despite the Steward’s pretentions otherwise, as secretary.  Said he at last, once the Steward had run out of questions, “why is it you seek such a position, sir?”
“The good of Andrea,” said he with a smile, “we have had a rash of insipid, volatile, corrupt, or downright evil men in such exalted positions as your own, sir, and I hope to assist a great man, by any means possible, who actually intends to lead with honor and sense.  It is just what the Kingdom needs in this grim hour.”
Cieren was suddenly very uncomfortable, knowing his own thoughts about his current situation and the longevity thereof, were far from what this impeccable man assumed them to be.  Said he, quietly, “what would you say if I were not the man you take me to be?”
The man shook his head gravely, “I have heard naught but good of you sir, from your servants, tenants, and the various tradesmen with whom you interact.  You are too hard upon yourself.”
The Steward grinned broadly, “well sir?”
Cieren nodded, a smile growing on his face, “very well, the position is yours, if you would have it.”
The Steward frowned, “and that other layabout?  I am sure this gentleman would be happy to help you brush up on your swordsmanship, sir.”
Cieren grinned, “leave my senseless affectations out of this, please.”
The Steward bowed but wore a dour smile while the new Secretary looked rather perplexed by the whole exchange.  Said the Steward lightly, trying to change the subject, “if you will come with me, sir, I will introduce you to the household and your new position.”  The man bowed deeply to his lordship and departed with the Steward while Cieren went to find his ‘layabout.’
His lordship found Jace ensconced in a tiny room well away from the more civilized parts of the house, which was as well, for the display that followed was hardly worthy of such a great and esteemed man as his lordship, but it warmed the hearts of both men to be thus reunited.  Jace recounted his own strange tale while Cieren told of his rather dull doings as a great lord of Andrea.  Jace laughed heartily, “so you are ready to embark as a nameless wanderer once more?”
Cieren nodded eagerly, “I know the position of which I am currently keeper is important, but it is not for me to hold it indefinitely.”
“Certainly,” said Jace with a smile, “as one of the Brethren, such could never be yours for long, and most especially as a Shadow, hence my presence.  Now how are we to transition you out of your exalted position and back into the wide world without causing a major disruption in Andrea’s sociopolitical situation?”  They began to discuss the situation in earnest and at last Jace announced, “what you need is a wife.”
Cieren frowned, “I thought a wife was even more anathema to one in my position than a title?”
Jace grinned, “can you find a sensible woman who can inherit your position as your betrothed when you are brutally murdered by that intrepid rapscallion you have taken on as your personal swordmaster?”
Cieren nodded, his smile echoing Jace’s, “the Steward has been pushing me to make the rounds of the various social functions amongst the aristocracy, but for obvious reasons I have balked at the idea.  I will be Andrea’s most eligible bachelor and hopefully will find a suitable heir amidst the rabid throng of unwed ladies and their insistent mothers.  It will be quite the tragedy I am sure.  Is it legal?  Is there no other way?”
Jace said thoughtfully, “as long as you change your will to stipulate just that, there can be no legal dispute upon the matter, not that you are really the true heir to the late lord’s position in any case; it will be quite sensational but also quite legal, both of which should satisfy both the aristocracy and the King.”
Cieren frowned, “could I not just appoint another man in my stead and abdicate?  The fellow the Steward hired as secretary could be just the man.”
Jace flashed him a rascally smile, “yes, I saw him in the hall, he is everything I am not: sensible, handsome, wise, noble, and can actually wield a pen with some finesse.  He would be a good choice, but that would be a scandal indeed!  A great lord does not just up and leave, bequeathing everything to his secretary.  Perhaps he will somehow inherit the title, but it will not be directly of our doing.  Get thee to the Steward and see about rewriting your will and tell him you’d like to make your grand social debut at long last.”
Cieren said with a frown, “and will you be my companion amid such debauchery?”
Jace laughed, “of course, I could not leave my apprentice to the mercies of such ravenous beauties.”
Cieren grinned, “but you’ll happily murder me in cold blood?”
Jace nodded, “of course.”

Cieren both astonished and intrigued the Steward by his sudden interest in both his will and societal functions; the man hoped he had at last accepted what could only be his destiny.  There was a greatness in this boy which he failed to acknowledge, and which the Steward was determined to shape into the greatest lord in Andrea’s history.  The new Secretary was called upon to draft the new will and was rather perplexed at the young lord’s intentions saying, “sir, if I may be so bold, this is a rather odd way of passing on your estate and title.  I applaud your interest and foresight in this matter, but should it not pass on to kith or kin, rather than to your betrothed or wife?”
Cieren replied, “you are quite bold, but I appreciate your insight, but alas, I have no kith or kin to inherit, thus I aspire to the next best thing.  Let us just hope I am as sensible in my choice of bride as I am in seeing to my will.”  The Steward was quite ecstatic at his lordship’s intentions, and immediately began setting in motion the necessary mechanisms by which to win him a bride worthy of both himself and his position.  They were far from pleased to learn that he intended that his so-called swordmaster accompany him on his upcoming societal forays.  
Said the Secretary, “let me come also, sir, for I am no poor hand with a sword, if it is your safety you fear.”
Cieren raised an eyebrow but nodded, “fine, you may come as well.”
The Steward nearly had a fit, “it is bad enough to bring that ragamuffin with you, but now you would traipse about amongst the best of Andrea’s society with your Secretary in tow?!”
Cieren grinned, “just lay it at the feet of my burgeoning eccentricity if you must.  Perhaps I will even start a new fad?”  The Secretary laughed but the Steward could only groan in dread.

While Cieren was settling his affairs, Jace decided a foray into the surrounding countryside was much to be preferred to hiding in his room or wandering aimlessly about a house whose entire staff was set against his presence because the Steward was and they dared not defy the man, even if it meant insulting their new master, for he was the true power in the household and had been there for a very long time, at least in their reckoning.  So it was he ambled out of the great house and into the byways of that pleasant country, whereupon he was set upon by men of the vilest sort, who would dare interrupt a gentleman’s refreshing walk on such a pleasant day.  Had they happened upon him at night, perhaps in the rain or fog, it might have been another matter entirely but such uncouth behavior was quite appalling!  But though he could have easily defended himself, he refrained and allowed the ruffians to knock him senseless and drag him away to whereabouts unknown.
He awakened soon after with quite a headache but otherwise no worse for wear, a voice boomed out of the darkness in which the speaker hoped to hide himself, but Jace’s uncanny vision easily penetrated the cloak and he made careful note of the man therein.  Said the voice, confident and sure in his anonymity, “you have taken a position within the house of a certain great lord, have you not?”
Jace answered, “yes.”
“Good,” said the voice, “now I would know whether you should be allowed to assume whatever role you have garnered for yourself?”
“What do you mean?” asked Jace cautiously.
Said the voice, “are you a man who values his life?”
Jace’s ironic smile was lost to the darkness, but he said, “I am listening.”
“You will assume your position in that house,” said the man in the dark, “but you will henceforth be working for me.”
“Espionage, murder?” asked Jace with a grim smile, thinking his current plans might just suit this man’s own.
“Whatever I ask of you,” said the man, he smiled wickedly, “I pay well and reward my servants equal to their performance.”
Jace nodded at the double meaning in that, “very well, it seems I have little choice.  What would you have of me?”
“First, get close to the man and become his confidant, companion, and friend,” said the voice with utter contempt, as if a true great lord needed none of the above.
“How shall I contact you?” asked the boy.
The man smiled villainously, “you won’t, I shall contact you.  Now be gone!”  Jace felt another clout to the back of his head and again lapsed into darkness.

The cobbler had died, leaving his sweet but plain daughter to dispose of his effects and make what she could of the rest of her life.  She had no romantic prospects nor did she intend to take up shoemaking, thus she sold the shop and their little house, packed her few belongings, and set out upon the road, hoping destiny would meet her upon the highway, but she failed to find an enchanted prince or a wizened old man after a week of such wanderings and had all but given up hope in fairy tales altogether when she heard the news: there was to be a ball, and such a ball, for the most eligible bachelor in all Andrea was to host it!  So, according to legend, she did the only sensible thing and spent all she had on a fabulous gown and the requisite accouterments, including a coach and team and attendants for the night.

The Steward was aghast at the cost of such a function, but also quite pleased with the splendor thereof and the reactions of all and sundry who walked through the door.  Cieren was at first reluctant to hold such an extravaganza, but once he had given the Steward his head in the matter, there was no reining him in.  His only job was to look handsome and find an appropriate heiress to his borrowed crown, that and get himself killed.
Jace and Logan, the new secretary, were his constant companions, so much so that very little of either sword work or the various secretarial duties were actually accomplished, leaving the Steward to hire an undersecretary to actually do the work for which Logan was paid.  Logan did not quite trust Jace, for mystery seemed to swirl about the boy like fog upon the river, especially when his lordship seemed so inordinately fond of him from the first, but they all three had much in common and truly enjoyed one another’s company.  This grand ball, or fiasco, as Jace christened it, was to be their debut into Andrean society; in appropriate storybook fashion, all comers were welcome and it was to be a masque, until midnight, when all the guests must either unmask or turn into pumpkins, their choice.
So it was that Cieren and his happy henchmen descended the sweeping staircase into the antechamber opening into the ballroom, much to the delight of the bevy of guests waiting therein.  He made some appropriately bland and welcoming remarks and offered to dance with any and every unmarried lady in the place, preferably under the age of forty, much to the annoyance of many a greying widow.  Jace and Cieren wandered about the throng as Cieren danced, hoping to find a suitable lady for their esteemed master, for obviously different but equally noble reasons.  His lordship had at first been appalled that he would be expected to dance, but both Logan and the Steward assured him that it was quite akin to swordplay, just less lethal, at least in theory.
Jace found her standing on one of the many balconies, most of her hidden behind various potted plants that also found the view quite stunning.  She was resplendent in her attire, what he could see of her at least, but under the mask, he knew her to be weeping.  Said he, quietly, “what troubles you, lady?”
She gasped and turned in surprise, ready with some vapid excuse, but there was such a look of compassion and concern in the youth’s eyes that she could not help but say, “I have done quite a foolish thing!”  
She then wept out her brief tale and Jace smiled warmly, “perhaps not the most sensible of actions, my lady, but a girl’s hopes are not necessarily sensible nor to be laughed at.  Make what you can of the evening, enjoy it for what it is, and perhaps a brighter day might dawn on the morrow.”
She shook her head, “but you do not understand, I am not a societal beauty nor a creature of wealth or influence.  What man would look twice at me?”
Jace bowed, “all the better, but surely none will find you in such vegetative company.”
She laughed at his feigned sobriety, “perhaps you would care to ask me to dance, errant knight that you are?”
It was Jace’s turn to laugh, “with a right good will, lady, but I warn you, dancing is not something I do often, or well.”
“Neither do I,” said she with a smile, “we shall be a matched pair.”
He took her hand and led her to the floor, though many toes were trod upon and intricate patterns destroyed, Jace could not remember a time he had enjoyed more, though the dancers about them would say otherwise.  Her confidence restored, she beamed at him, “you are as horrible a dancer as you boast, sir!”
Just then another man stepped between them, kissing the lady’s hand gallantly, he said, “he boasts of his dancing inability, does he?  Well, we shall see if I am not far worse than he.  May I?”  She smiled in wonder, her eyes dancing in merry amusement as the stranger led her to the floor.
Logan stood beside Jace and grinned, “it seems you have been replaced.”
Jace laughed, “is that not the whole point of this fiasco?  She’s a sweet girl, but far outside the world she knows.  How about you?”
Logan snorted, “I have never seen so many vapid creatures on the hunt for a fortune and title!”
Jace shook his head, “no surprise there, but I suppose we must get back to our own hunting.”
Logan sighed, gave Jace a resigned smile, and they both melted again into the eager throng.  Jace was speaking with what must be his fiftieth eligible maid when he felt something slide into his hand.  He continued to chat with the lady while casually unfolding the note and reading it under cover of adjusting his cuff.  He frowned but continued to speak quietly with the inane creature before making his excuses and following the instructions on the secret missive.
He left the ballroom and sought out the indicated chamber, again draped in darkness, but the same man stood within, obviously a guest at the ball, said he, “you have done well, minion, from all accounts, you are within the man’s inner circle.  Can you perhaps get a glimpse at his will, if he has one?  I’d love to know who he plans to pass his title on to, should something unfortunate happen to him, for I know he has no living kin.”
Jace smiled wryly, “if and when he has one, his betrothed and eventually his wife, shall be heir to everything.  He changed it not long before he began a serious hunt for just such an attachment.”
“Very good,” said the man, “are there any likely prospects?”
Jace shook his head, “not thus far, sir, but after tonight, who can say?”
“There is a certain lady you must introduce to him then,” said the man, “her name is Lumilla and she would make him a very fine wife.  Now go!”
Jace bowed and exited the little room, glancing about furtively to make sure he had not been followed, then hastened back to the festivities.  Logan peered from his hiding place and shook his head as he watched Jace flee, and then another masked man exited the little chamber and sauntered calmly back to the ball, as if such clandestine meetings were the most natural thing in the world.  Logan grimaced, perhaps among such folk they were, but what was the boy up to and with whom was he plotting?  Instead of finding a virtuous maiden, with at least a little sense in her head, Logan took it as his mission to discover who the mysterious man was and what he and Jace could be plotting.  He smiled eagerly, wondering if all this mystery and excitement were what true heroes regularly felt.  He too returned to the ballroom, to do a little skulking of his own.


2

A few polite inquiries soon led him to the infamous Lumilla, a sullen creature in her middle years with eyes like some half starved wolf.  He smiled wryly, Cieren would be long in forgiving him this insult, but to maintain his cover and reveal the traitor among the revelers, it must be done.  He bowed to the lady and she stared at him as if his very presence was an insult, but she warmed very slightly upon recognizing him as one of her host’s major minions, “Lady Lumilla?”
She returned a proper curtsy and said in a voice harsh as any crow’s, “at your service.”
Said he, “might I secure your hand for my master for an upcoming dance?”
A triumphant smile touched the corner of her lips while avarice gleamed in her eyes, “you might, sir.”
He bowed again and went to impart the dreadful news to Cieren, who had just taken a moment away from the chaos to refresh himself with a much needed draught of water, when the impishly smiling Jace approached, said his lordship, “that smile never bodes well for me.”
“Nay, my lord,” said Jace, his grin deepening, “I am a bearer of grim tidings indeed.  I have found another lady for you to escort to the floor.”
Cieren smiled in interest, “is she half as sweet as the damsel I stole from you?”
Jace snorted, “I do not believe they are even the same species, sir.”
Cieren frowned, “then why foist her upon me?  I did not assign you the task of finding me the most insipid, venomous, or grasping of women, did I?”
“Just dance with her,” said Jace in exasperation at his apprentice thinking himself suddenly the one in charge, but added, “my lord,” to keep up appearances.
Cieren smiled sheepishly, “ah yes, I forget myself.  Certainly!  Where is this curious lady?”
Jace vanished into the crowd and reappeared with Lumilla, “my lord, your lady.”  Cieren gave him a patient look, but led the lady out amongst the other dancers, much to Jace’s amusement.
Logan was beside him again, “what are you up to?”
Jace’s brow furrowed, “what do you mean exactly?”
“Why choose that particular person as his lordship’s next partner?” said Logan with some heat and Jace suddenly knew himself suspected of some mischief, or worse.
Jace grinned roguishly, further irking his companion, “I was ordered to do so.  There is a certain person who finds the details of his lordship’s will quite intriguing.”
Logan raised an eyebrow, “and how would he know the contents thereof?”  He frowned, “and how would you know aught of it?”
Jace smiled enigmatically, “that I cannot tell you, but I would appreciate your help in unmasking the fellow.”
Logan looked at him skeptically, “what would you have me do?”  He was not sure whether to grin or shudder at the smile of pure mischief that Jace gave in answer.
Cieren returned then from the floor, his partner in tow, wearing that slightest of smiles, the closest she could come to a truly warm expression.  In hopes of being rid of her, Cieren bowed and said, “thank you for the dance, madam.”
She croaked, “the pleasure was all mine.”
Cieren raised an eyebrow, “I never said it was a pleasure.”
She literally squawked at him and stalked off with all the indignation of an insulted cat.  Jace laughed, “you will never win a lady’s heart, milord, if that is how you handle such delicate matters.”
Cieren smirked, “I can tell naught but the truth, sir.”
“True,” said Jace with a smile, “but sometimes it is not required to tell it quite so bluntly.”
Laughed Cieren, “then it is a good thing I am no longer a menace to female society.”
Logan frowned, “you have found a lady to your liking then, sir?”
Cieren grimaced at his slip but said quietly, “the only worthy woman in this entire gathering was the one I stole from this rogue, certainly not the one he foisted upon me.”  He raised an eyebrow, “revenge my friend?  Is that not beneath you?”
Jace laughed, “had I wanted recompense, I would have found a far more amusing way to go about it than that.  Someone thought you, or he, might benefit from such an association.”
“Who?” asked Cieren incredulously, wondering what Jace was up to.
Jace shook his head, “I do not know his name, only his face.  I had hoped Logan might help me unravel the mystery.”
Logan growled, “then why are you taking orders from the man if you don’t know who he is or what he wants?”
Jace motioned for silence and said quietly, “I believe he has eyes and ears everywhere, my friends, we must discuss this further in private.”
“Very well,” said Cieren, eyeing Logan with a question in his eyes.
The man nodded, but was grave as death itself, “how are we to unmask the fellow?”
Jace looked at the clock and smiled, “I shall point him out in a few minutes, after the unmasking, and hopefully you know who it is.”
“Can I help?” asked Cieren hopefully.
Jace smiled, “aye, milord, by continuing to dance and thereby allaying all suspicions.”  Cieren sighed but soon returned to the floor with his seventy third partner that night, or so it seemed.
Jace suddenly had a brilliant idea and broached as much to Logan, “the Steward!  He knows everything that goes on in Andrean society, he will know the man even if we don’t.”
Logan managed a slight smile, “he doesn’t exactly hold you in high regard, you know?”
Jace grinned, “can I help it if my penmanship is appalling?  I will need your help in this matter too, it seems.”
Logan nodded and led the way in search of the Steward, who was busy reaping the rewards of his very successful party.  He was not enthused to see either of his lordship’s hangers-on, but said as politely as he could, “has his lordship need of something?”
Logan shook his head, “nay, but we are in dire need of your advice.”
“Truly?” said the confounded man, “and why would I bother giving you any?”
Jace said quietly, “we fear some plot against his lordship and need help identifying the man behind it.”
“An intrigue!” said the thoroughly delighted Steward, “why did you not say so from the first?  What must we do?”
They snuck off to one of the balconies overlooking the dance floor and positioned themselves for the unmasking, Jace scanning the crowd for his traitorous master.  He pointed to a fellow in quite a garish coat and the Steward shuddered, “even with the mask, I can tell you who that is.  It is Lord Margate, the second most powerful lord in Andrea.  He and my former master had an uneasy understanding, but I can easily see him trying to take advantage of our new lord.”
Jace nodded, “and the Lady Lumilla?”
The Steward smirked, “there is nothing of the lady in that one, she’s Margate’s sister and as ravenous a wolf as ever you’ll meet.”
Said Logan with a grimace, “and a suitable partner for our master?”
Jace smiled ruefully, “I never said it was suitable, only necessary.”
The Steward frowned, “is that why his lordship was dancing with that awful creature?  Because you said he should?”  Jace studied his toes but could not hide his blush, the Steward departed with a whispered, “be careful of that man, he’s a dangerous one.”
Logan touched his sword hilt, “as am I, do not trifle with his lordship or me, sir, or you will regret it.”  Jace bowed his head in acceptance of this dire warning as the man departed, eager not to leave his master alone with such a vile man about the place.
A voice hissed from behind an inconvenient drapery, “turn around and your life is forfeit, fool, for you are looking into matters that do not concern you.  Play your part, do as you are told, and you might live to see the morrow.  Understood?”  Jace nodded and he felt a sudden breath of wind as whoever had been hiding behind the curtains departed.  He smiled eagerly, for the game was afoot!
He found Cieren and Logan below, bidding farewell to the various guests, but he could not find the mysterious maiden amongst them.  He went outside to the waiting carriages, seeking her there, but she had fled ere the unmasking.  With a thoughtful frown, he went inside and asked an aged dame with several eligible daughters, “where would one go to buy or sell a gown in this town, madam?”
“Are you in the market sir?” asked the woman with a smile.
“My master might soon be,” said he cryptically, causing her daughters to titter in excitement.
Suddenly recognizing him, she smiled knowingly, glancing at her own brood, “then let me assist you, sir.”  She gave him a short list and he thanked her graciously, feeling the keen eyes of those eager girls upon him as he left.
He returned to Cieren and said, “have you chosen your lady then?”
Cieren nodded, “even so, assuming I can find her again, she seems to have vanished.”
Jace smiled, “I have an idea whither she might have fled, leave that to me.”
Logan touched his sword hilt, “should I accompany him sir?”
“No,” said Cieren, “he knows what he is about.”
Jace made his bows and went in pursuit of the fled lady, but he need not look far, for her coach and attendants were only hired until midnight and left her outside the dress shop where she hoped to sell her wondrous gown for some small pittance on which to live for a time.  He found her there, perched on a barrel, awaiting the dawn and the opening of the shop.  Asked he, gently, “why did you flee, madam?”
She looked up in surprise, her eyes red with weeping, “it was but a dream sir.”  She could not help but smile, “how is it you can find me so readily when all others overlook me with ease?”
Jace grinned, “it wasn’t a dream lady and my master would be quite distraught to discover you had fled, never to return.”
“What then am I to do, sir?” asked she with a hopeful smile.
“Leave that to me,” said Jace.

Jace saw the lady settled for the night, arranged matters for the morrow, and then returned to his room, but did not stay long, for he vanished from casual sight and ghosted down to his lordship’s sumptuous chambers.  Cieren was neither startled nor surprised to see the man suddenly appear in the middle of his sitting room.  “Did you find her?” asked he as casually as if they were taking tea together.
Jace settled himself, “yes, you will see her tomorrow.  Will she do?”
Cieren nodded, “I have no doubts whatsoever.  What do you think?”
“She is exactly what we need,” said he eagerly.
“Now what of this Lord Margate?” asked Cieren curiously, “Logan has been raving all night about your scheming together, I could hardly convince the man to go to bed.”
Jace grinned, “oh, he did not go to bed.  He is skulking outside my chamber.”  
Cieren snorted, “has he a reason to be suspicious?”
“Of a certainty,” said Jace with a grin, “his minions waylaid me and I was offered the chance to work for him or cease my strivings altogether.  He is Lumilla’s brother and insisted I make a spectacle of you both.”
“Can we reveal him as a traitor?” asked Cieren in some concern, not liking yet another complication in this already complex affair.
Jace shook his head, “not yet, he has only threatened, and that under cover of darkness.  I can’t exactly use my ability to see in the dark as evidence.”
“So what do we do?” asked Cieren.
Jace smiled eagerly, “I believe tomorrow evening, at the King’s Reception, shall be quite an exciting night.”
Cieren smiled, “I cannot wait to be done with all of this, especially the plots within plots!”
Jace laughed, “it is only a question of who kills me first, Logan or Margate.”

Morning dawned bright and clear, and the lady was asked to join his lordship for breakfast under a canopy in the dewy gardens.  Afterwards, they spent the better part of the day together, speaking of this and that as they wandered amongst the flowers and trees.  Cieren was certain this damsel was just what Andrea needed at the moment, once the villainous Margate had been dealt with that is.  The betrothal was finalized with the Steward and Logan standing witness that very afternoon, before all and sundry went to prepare for the King’s Reception.
As Cieren withdrew to his chambers, he said with a wistful smile, “I hate to break the poor girl’s heart.”
Jace smiled sadly, “she hardly knows you, that and with all the responsibility she will suddenly assume, I think she will do rather well.”  Cieren nodded and shut the door, that he might prepare for a rather eventful night.
Jace found Logan outside his own quarters, said the latter, “I know you are up to something and will be watching.”
Jace bowed formally, “until tonight then.”
Logan nodded once and stalked off; Jace smiled and went in to begin his own preparations, only to find a note on his scuffed table reading, ‘his lordship dies tonight or you will die tomorrow.’  Jace smiled all the more.
Two coaches bore our esteemed guests to the great castle where the gala was to commence, one bearing the gentlemen and the other the lady.  It would be a perfect place to make their announcement and then play out the final, tragic scene.  There was food, music, and wandering entertainers throughout the grand reception hall, filled with noble guests that chatted and mingled at their leisure.  When the greatest lord in all the land stood forth, with the King’s blessing of course, and announced his engagement to the mysterious lady, there was much wonder and no little dismay, for many had sought such a position themselves, and who was this nameless woman that she aspired to join their ranks?  But all were politely cheerful to the newly betrothed couple, saving their spleen until they could vent it safely behind closed doors.
It was during one such exchange, between Cieren and his lady and a noble matron with her six eligible daughters, that disaster struck.  Jace stood before his lordship, brandishing his sword and crying, “it shall never be!”  He struck Cieren through the abdomen and fled, knowing Logan was in close pursuit; a quick glance at the gloating Margate assured him that the fellow thought this was all for his benefit.  There came a cry of horror and dismay as the onlookers realized what it was that had transpired, but Jace had already fled the scene and stood his ground on the great staircase outside the palace that swept down to the courtyard below.
Jace still clutched his sword, red with Cieren’s blood, and wryly wondered how many of his friends and comrades he would one day kill.  Logan hefted his blade and snarled, “I knew you were a traitor, but I had not thought you a coward as well!  To strike a man like that when he is not looking?”
Jace said quietly, “it will be for the best.”
Logan shook his head grimly, “do you know how long Andrea has waited for such a man?  The good he could have done?”
Jace laughed ruefully, “you might be surprised.”
“Jace!” both men turned to look upon this new personage, Jace gaped to see Kent holding a sealed letter in one hand, clutching his sword hilt with the other.
“I am a little busy Kent,” said Jace grimly, “can it wait?”
The Warrior shook his head, “no, the Lady sent me with all haste.  Baye has vanished.”
Jace nearly dropped his sword, “vanished?  Is he not upon some secret quest or other?”
Kent said gravely, “they said vanished, and I believe that is exactly what they mean.”
“They?” asked the boy in confusion.
Kent nodded, “the Lady and Jared.”
Jace sighed, “never a dull moment.”  He turned questioning eyes to Logan, “can I have a moment?”
Logan frowned, “do not be silly, we will finish this now.”
“Very well,” said Jace, setting himself into a defensive stance, “let justice be satisfied, in your own mind at least.”
Kent asked skeptically, “what is this about.”
Logan hissed, “he just stabbed the greatest lord in Andrea in the stomach, unprovoked!”
Kent rolled his eyes, “not again!”
Jace grinned, “aye, my friend, will you see to the messy details?”
“Again?” gasped Logan, “he has done this before?”
Kent smiled, “he murdered his dearest friend and mentor once.”
Logan gaped, “and you just let him walk free and can smile about it?”  Taking in Kent’s uniform he growled, “I had thought better of the Brethren!”
Kent nodded, “I once felt the same lad, but things are not always as they seem.  Take heart.”
Jace sighed, “let us finish this so I can attend to other business.”
Logan snarled, “you’ll be dead, so quit dawdling!”
“Very well,” said Jace stonily, but before he leapt into action, he said to Kent, “there is one Lord Margate within who is a traitor and a fiend, as I will not be able to give testimony upon the matter, I ask that you do so.  He coopted me into helping him destroy his nemesis.”
Kent nodded, “I’ll see that the matter is attended to.”  He saluted Jace with a smile, “farewell, my friend!”  He raced into the reception hall and went straight to the King.
“At last!” said Logan with some vehemence, “at least both the traitors will be brought low this day!”  He leapt upon Jace, who easily parried Logan’s first few strokes and then allowed the blade to penetrate his breast.
He fell with a gasp, “remember,” said he, “bequeath my remains to Kent...”  He trailed off and lay still, Logan standing over him with a completely baffled look on his face.  He shook his head in wonder and dashed back into the hall, hoping that he yet had time to say farewell to his lordship.
When he entered the hall, the initial alarm had quieted to astonishment and dismay as it was determined that his lordship was not long for this world and that one of their own was behind it; the snarling Margate having been taken into custody upon the word of one of the Brethren.  The King called to the youth as he entered, “you caught the fiend?”
Logan nodded, “he lies dead upon the steps without, Sire.”
The King nodded grimly, “we’ll adorn the battlements with his head and that of Margate.”
“No,” said Logan in wonder, “he asked that his remains be given into the keeping of the Brother.”  
The King frowned but looked to Kent for confirmation, said the latter, “it was his testimony that revealed Margate for the traitor he is, Sire, and I promised to see to his mortal remains.”
“Very well,” sighed the King, “I suppose for his testimony we can grant his last request, murderer that he is.”
By now Logan had reached Cieren’s side, where he sat, slowly fading in a cushioned chair, his lady and the Steward at his side.  He smiled painfully to see Logan return and asked, “he is dead then?”
Logan nodded but frowned, “I thought him a far better swordsman, sir, but he fell after parrying only three strokes.”
Cieren smiled deeply, but grimaced in pain, “that he is.”
Logan frowned, “is?”
Cieren smiled wistfully, glanced at his Steward and nodded, “you had best announce what is to come.”  The man bowed sorrowfully and stood, going immediately to the King.  Cieren took the lady’s hand and smiled sadly, “you will do well lady, farewell.”  She frowned in confusion and then gasped in dread as the hand went limp and her betrothed lord slumped in death.  Only then did she hear the announcement that marked her assumption of the deceased’s title and lands.  Logan frowned thoughtfully, a slight smile on his lips.
He hastened to Kent’s side and asked, “this is not the end of the tale, is it?  They planned this all along.”
Kent smiled broadly, “you are a quick one, lad.  Come, help me see to the dead.”
The Steward said in some dismay, “not so fast sir, you can have the remains of that reprehensible fellow, but his lordship will be properly interred in the family tomb.”
Kent grinned, “I think not, you have a new Lady to settle, sir, you need not be bothered with the likes of us.  Who needs a grand funeral upon such a happy occasion?  I’ll see that they are properly attended to.”
“You do have a point,” said the Steward with a thoughtful frown, “but it is highly improper.”
Kent shook his head, “not for the Brethren.  As members of my order, I have full jurisdiction over their mortal remains.”
The Steward and Logan gasped; the Steward said in dismay, “but the Brethren cannot wed outside their order!”
Kent smiled grimly and glanced at the dead Cieren, “he isn’t exactly going to marry the girl now, is he?”  He bowed to the Steward and the stunned Logan followed him to where Cieren lay.  Without a word, they bore the prone form out of the chaos, all too stunned to object.  They laid him in a quiet corner of the stableyard and returned for Jace, who still lay sprawled on the stairs.  


3

A nondescript horse followed them as they carried Jace’s prone form and laid it beside Cieren’s.  As they straightened, the horse nosed in and nuzzled the slain boy, a burst of light passing from one to the other.  Jace gasped and sat up with a groan, only then did he realize he was not alone, nor was Kent the only observer.  He smiled ruefully at Kent, nodded at the astonished Logan, and then placed a hand on Cieren’s chest, waking his apprentice in turn.  He smiled wryly at his mentor and then gaped to see Logan in their midst.  The unicorn whickered reassuringly and the three Brethren looked at him curiously.  Jace nodded, turned to Logan, and smiled, “I guess you are now part of our secret.”  He smiled warmly at Kent, “to which few others are privy.”  He held out his hand, “no hard feelings, I hope?”
Logan shook himself, took the proffered hand, and smiled, “I have no idea what is going on, but eager am I to have my part in this adventure.”
Jace grinned, “and glad am I to have you.”
Logan frowned, “I thought Cieren was in charge?”
Kent laughed, “he’s just the apprentice, lord though he thought himself.”
Cieren studied his boots, “and happy am I to be thus again.”  He frowned, “what adventure?”
Jace sobered, “Baye has vanished.”
Cieren frowned, “vanished?”
“That’s what I hear,” replied Jace in wonder, said he to Kent, “you have a letter from the Lady?”
Kent handed him the missive, “I think most of it is from Jared, whatever his part in this nonsense, but the Lady wrote as well.  I was sent with all haste to find you.”  Jace frowned at this rather cryptic last statement and Kent grinned, “Jared handed me the letter and then touched my shoulder, the next thing I knew I was here on the castle steps!”
Jace smiled grimly as he opened the letter, “all haste indeed!”  He only grew more grave as he read.  He passed the letter to Cieren and looked solemnly at his friends, said he, “it appears he has literally vanished.”
Kent frowned, “have you not mysteriously vanished a time or two yourself, why all the concern now?”
Jace shook his head, “my comrades and I may go undercover or disappear from mortal knowledge for a time, but someone, our unicorns most likely, knows what has come of us.  Baye’s unicorn is beside himself, no longer able to sense his master and not knowing what has come of him.  He was last seen poking about an old ruin far to the south of here; he was apparently attacked and then the unicorn lost all awareness of him.”
“What are we to do?” asked Kent.
Jace brightened at this unasked for offer of help, said he quietly, “you do not need to do this my friend; if a Shadow can simply vanish, it is likely death for anyone else.”
Kent smiled wryly, “I have been unwittingly tangled up in this nonsense since first we met, lad, so it would be nice to actually take a willing part for once, besides, Baye is a dear friend and I can’t just ride off as if he is not in grave peril.”
Logan said thoughtfully, “might I be of assistance?”  He glanced ruefully back into the palace and said, “it seems Andrea will be rather dull for a time, a condition which it sorely needs.”
Cieren looked up from the letter and frowned questioningly but Jace minutely shook his head and the boy remained silent, said Jace, “I do not feel I can risk you on such a foray.”
Logan replied in vexation, “you mean you cannot trust me or you fear I’ll get hurt?  I am willing to assume all and any risks in this matter.  You seem resigned to getting your Brother there killed, why not me?”
“That’s just it,” said Jace, “should he perish in this endeavor, and likely he will, I have not doomed his immortal soul.  I can’t risk anyone on this suicide mission who is not firmly in the Master’s keeping.”
Logan smiled wryly, “is that all?  In all the strangeness of the day, I guess I had forgotten you were all part of the Brethren and you see things a bit differently than the rest of the world.  Very well then, you need not worry about my immortal soul, how is it one goes about swearing himself to this Master of yours?”
Jace shook his head, “it is not that simple, you can’t just make such a decision in hopes of going on this insane venture; you must truly believe and then trust Him in everything.”
Logan’s smile grew roguish and eager, “I have no intention of just going on this quest, I want what you have, whatever it is; I will prove myself on this endeavor and afterwards, who knows!”
“The Shadow,” said Jace quietly, “is not a thing so easily joined as a quilting circle, in fact, one must be Called.”  He smiled wryly, “and some of us fled that calling as eagerly as you seek it.”
Logan frowned, “what are you saying?  You wanted no part in this, yet here you are quite at your ease and I want to offer myself willingly into such service and will be denied?”
“Baye is one of my dearest friends and my Mentor,” said Jace with a dangerous edge in his voice, “I do not sit here at my ease, sir.  We will leave shortly, with or without you.  You had best make your peace with the Master in short order or you will remain in Andrea.  Understood?”
“Very well,” said Logan sulkily, “I’ll speak to Kent upon the matter and I’ll be ready to leave when you do.”  Jace nodded curtly and drew Cieren aside, taking the letter in his hand and obliterating it with a burst of light.
Cieren said quietly, “is he the ‘other’ Jared writes of?”
Jace nodded, “I do not know what his part in the adventure will be, but I am loath to bring him along.”
“How can you not?” said Cieren, “when Jared says he and Kent must both accompany us.”  He frowned, “how does Jared know?”
Jace smiled slightly, “foresight or visions are not a common skill amongst the Shadow, but occasionally we know what we must ere it happens, at least when it is vital to our mission.”
Cieren shook his head, “how can we leave him here if he knows of the Shadow and has not bound himself to secrecy like Kent?”
Jace sighed, “that is another matter entirely.  I fear we must take him along whatever betide, but I had hoped to do so with full faith in him as an ally and comrade, but I fear his longing for things that he cannot have will be his downfall.”  After a long pause he continued, “and ours.”  Cieren shivered involuntarily and uneasily watched Kent and Logan as they chatted just beyond hearing.  Jace clapped him on the shoulder, “our Master is sovereign, no matter what, never forget that.  This quest will try us all sorely, but we are never forgotten nor forsaken as long as we cling to that which we know to be True beyond all doubt or fear.”  Cieren nodded gravely, but a grim determination now burned in his eyes to see this matter through.
Kent and Logan soon joined them, the latter saying, “I have ‘made my peace,’ as you call it, or as close as I will ever come at this particular point in my life.”
“What does that mean?” asked Jace skeptically.
Logan smiled slightly, “I have made an intellectual confirmation that your Master does indeed exist.”
Kent shook his head, “even the Nameless One acknowledges that.”
Logan snarled, “it is the best I can honestly do at the moment!  As your friend here is so happy to point out, these things cannot be forced.”  He turned cold eyes upon Jace, “and if you leave me here, I will happily tell all who will listen that something is amiss in Astoria, or at least with some of its agents.”
“Blackmail!” said Kent in surprise, “I had not expected that of you, sir.”
Logan shrugged, “I am a man of action and duty, and I will do what I must to see that my duty is done.”
Cieren said in dismay, “what has come of the man of honor who was willing to endure being a Secretary, if it was the only post available to him, in aid of what he thought to be a great and promising man?”
Logan sighed heavily, “perhaps I mistook my ambition for honor, or rather used honor to shield my true ambitions.  I saw you as a rising star among the noble elite of Andrea and thought to attach myself to you by any means necessary; all that about corrupt officials and needing a change in this realm for the better was true, but I do not know that I would defend it to the death.  Now I see a chance to advance myself even further, regardless of how you think the rules should work, and I will take it, however I must.  Now, am I in or shall all Andrea soon hear of the Shadow?”
Jace said with quiet finality, much as his sister had sounded when she had condemned him to death, “you take your fate into your own hands sir.  I have done all I can to dissuade you but you force my hand.  Go fetch one of your former lord’s horses from the stable and meet us back here.”
Logan smiled triumphantly and then dashed off towards the stables while each of the Brethren summoned their unicorns, save Kent, who looked rather dismayed, “I was sent here with only that letter and the clothes on my back.”
Jace grinned, “we’ll see you properly horsed my friend, fear not.”  He held up a glowing hand, forcing them all to look away for the brightness, the next moment a rather excited unicorn was standing in their midst, much to Kent’s joy and astonishment.  
Logan returned shortly and Jace addressed his companions, “this is a dangerous mission, as I have stated before and will try each of us sorely; it will be a miracle if any of us survive.”  He eyed his mortal companions significantly, but each nodded his understanding and smiled eagerly.  He continued, “the foes with whom we are dealing are undoubtedly a crafty bunch, steeped in dark sorcery, for nothing else could explain Baye’s vanishment, that being said, they likely have the ability to sense one of the Brethren, if not a Shadow.  To have any hope of succeeding in this mission, we will have to remove all suspicions of our true identities.”
Kent gaped, “you can do that?”
Jace said quietly, “not I, but the Master who gifted them to us in the first place.”  He smiled wryly, “in fact, my last mission was conducted under just such circumstances.”
Kent frowned, “I’m over a hundred years old and you aren’t exactly young yourself.”
Jace laughed, “that much grace will be left us at least, fear not, it will not be two old geezers against this mysterious evil.”
Kent nodded, “very well, I always wondered what life would have been like had I not taken the Oath.”
Cieren smiled, “for one thing, you’d be dead by now.”
Kent smiled grimly, “a circumstance to which all of us will soon be looking forward no doubt.”
“Are you ready?” asked Jace as he motioned for everyone to draw close, horse, unicorns, and all.  They nodded eagerly, suddenly a light enveloped them, and when it dissipated, they were somewhere else altogether, clad in entirely different clothes, and all but Cieren had been severed from the Brethren, but even he had been removed from the Shadow.
The boy stared at his right palm in dismay, “it’s gone!”
Jace smiled ruefully, “for now, but our Master is never far from us, whatever our circumstances.”
Cieren frowned, “why am I still one of the Brethren though you two are not?”
Jace shook his head, “part of the mission, I think.  There’s a village ahead, you had better ride on ahead of the rest of us.”
Cieren nodded thoughtfully, “I think you have the right of it.  Farewell my friends!”  He mounted his unicorn and rode off with a wave, garbed as a young Messenger.
Logan gaped, “you are just going to let him ride off like that, alone?!  What sort of a plan is that?  Are we not going to scout out the situation and plan our assault?”
Jace smiled slightly, “that is perhaps what you are used to, but it is not how the Shadow operates.  Likely the only way to get where we need to be is as either prisoners or initiates.”
“We’re going to join them!” said Logan in astonishment.
Kent laughed, “it would not be the first time, I’ve played a bandit a time or two in order to infiltrate and undermine a band of thieves from within.  What did you think we would do, storm the castle and die in glorious futility?”
Logan smiled sheepishly, “something like that.”  Changing the subject he asked, “are you really bereft of both the Brethren and the Shadow?”
Kent nodded, “it certainly is an odd feeling.”  He smiled ruefully, “and even odder to think it has actually happened.  Short of breaking Oath or death, I had not thought it possible.”
Jace clapped him encouragingly on the shoulder, “just to maintain appearances, my friend.”  He sobered, “are you sure you want to do this?  Things may very well get ugly!”  Kent’s answering smile warmed his heart even as a cold fist clenched it tight, continued he, “very well, we’ll proceed.”
“What exactly are we going to do?” said Logan in dismay, “we are dressed as rogues and rascals, far from the heroes I thought we would be!”
Jace nodded, “the business of heroism is never as grand and glorious as the stories make it.  Most of the time, it is just someone doing what they must at the time.  The fiends who took Baye no doubt control the village ahead and will find scalawags such as ourselves quite intriguing.”
Logan gaped, “you let your apprentice ride alone into that?!”  He frowned, “what of your beasts, no doubt if they can sense one of the Brethren they can see through a unicorn’s disguise?”
Jace nodded, climbing into his saddle, “that is precisely why they have allowed themselves to be reduced to mortal horses, although they are still possessed of their great minds and hearts.”
Logan and Kent climbed into their own saddles, which were aback horses as ragged and desperate looking as their riders.  Logan said in awe, “they would humble themselves so much?”
Kent nodded, “if our Master asks it of them, they cannot say no; neither can we.”
Logan sighed, “I could do no such thing.”
“Precisely why you have not been called into the Shadow,” said Jace quietly, “though we are possessed of many uncanny skills and abilities, we can exercise them only within our Master’s will, to which you will not willingly submit.”  Logan scowled but said nothing as they set off at the trot.

“This ain’t what I signed up for,” growled one dark apprentice to another as they prepared to switch shifts sitting before a darkly glowing orb, continued he, “eight hours a day with never a day off, and someone must sit here at all hours of the day or night!”
“Quiet,” said the other anxiously, “you want the master to make an example of you?”
The first scoffed, “you just don’t want me to disappear, otherwise you and Otis would have to sit here for twelve hours instead of eight.”
The other shrugged, “why would selfish motives be in the least surprising in such an outfit?  Now sit down, I’m ready for a break.”
“Any change?” asked the first, as he took the chair the other had vacated and looked at the unmoving form on the bed.
“Is there ever a change?” scorned the other, “he just lays there with a dagger in his chest and we haunt his dreams.”
“It is rather interesting,” said the first, “I just wish we could do something besides ‘haunt’ his dreams.  Why can’t we ever catch him?  Who is he that we need such an elaborate set up to keep him captive?”
“Don’t ask foolish questions,” said the other, “or my shifts will become unbearable.  Just make sure he doesn’t wake up.”
“Fine,” growled the first, “get out of here already.”  He placed his hand on the sphere as the other removed his and withdrew from the chamber.  Immediately a vision of a night dark wood, dank with mold and decay, filled his mind, the trees all dead and rotting where they stood.  He felt more than saw a furtive shadow in the very depths of the wood, ever just beyond his reach to touch or catch.  He laughed mockingly at the fleeing wraith as he began his own futile pursuit of the ever elusive shadow.

Otis was bored silly, what with his never ending shifts warding the Eye and their bizarre prisoner, though the rumors of who or what he truly was were quite interesting, but they became more fabulous with each passing day and thus could not be true, but still fascinating; the village near the castle was the dullest place in the known world and he never had even one free day to go elsewhere.  He had been promised power, fame, and excitement, but all he had was tedium.  He met Garn at the top of the dungeon stairs after his shift and together they went to the village, which boring as it was, was far more interesting than hanging about the moldering old castle waiting for his next shift to begin.
So it was that they wandered aimlessly out to the village, not knowing what to do with themselves, but the villagers made themselves scarce upon first sight of them, not wishing to give the vile youths inspiration for their bored imaginations.  The town was veritably deserted when they arrived, all having found some chore or errand to attend to indoors or in the distant fields or woods, but a figure riding down the road soon caught their attention, most especially his uniform.  They exchanged an eager smile and hid themselves from casual sight, each clutching a large stone in his hands.  Wouldn’t their master be delighted when they brought him one of the Brethren?  Perhaps they’d even get a day off!
The unicorn stopped abruptly as a great stone went sailing past his head, but this only made his rider an easier target for the second stone, which struck Cieren squarely in the head and felled him like a stone himself.  The unicorn snorted his dismay, wanting to stay and defend his fallen rider, but knowing that was not part of the plan, instead he screamed his fury and vanished into the distance.  The two cruel youths crept from their hiding places as the creature vanished and knelt beside their victim; they smiled eagerly to see that he was still breathing, fearing that they had struck too hard when the beast had fled without a fight, but the boy lived still, if barely.  Gingerly they secured him to a makeshift litter and carried him back to the castle, locking him in one of the many unused rooms, until their master decided his fate.  They lay the unconscious form on the dusty bed and locked the door behind them, hastening to find their master.
They dared disturb him in his lair in the very topmost tower of the crumbling castle, but only because they had such astounding news.  The door opened and they dashed in, all excitement.  The dour figure at the desk looked up from his stacks of ancient parchments and scowled, “what is it now?  Did Otis see a mouse?  A spider mayhap?”  Their eagerness died suddenly and both studied their toes with deep chagrin, beginning to regret their original exuberance.  “Well?” demanded their dark master.
Otis looked up in dismay, “we captured one of the Brethren, sir, and well...we thought you might be happy to hear it.”
“Happy to hear it?” said he with a mocking smile, “I would be far happier to hear nothing from such addlepated nitwits as the likes of you.  Of what benefit is he to me without a use for him?”
Garn frowned, “a use?”
The vile man’s smile became malicious, “go find a new minion or three, that would make me happy and lighten your own burden therewith.  Out!”  They scrambled from the room as he returned to his parchments, a grimly amused smile on his face.  Why have minions if you could not enjoy terrifying them every now and again?  Perhaps the fools would actually accomplish something useful for once.  He shook his head, probably not, but it would prove amusing while it lasted.

The chastened Garn and Otis returned to the village in hopes of fulfilling this second part of their mission, but who was fool enough to agree to such an offer?  The villagers were certainly not interested, nor the sort of people their master would appreciate in such a position.  What was to be done?  Then something happened that almost made them believe in providence, as three ragged horsemen rode into the village, stopped directly in front of them, and asked after lodgings for the night.
Garn smiled, “come with us, fine sirs, and enjoy the best hospitality hereabouts.”
Kent whispered to Jace with a smile, “even without the Oath, I can still tell he’s lying.”
Jace spoke up, “we would gladly accept your hospitality, lead on.”  The foul lads exchanged an eager grin and led the seeming fools back to the castle.
Logan did not look impressed by the ruinous structure, “if this is the best hospitality in the vicinity, a traveler takes his life in his hands coming hither.” 
The lads did not look pleased, but Garn replied, “it is the best we have, sir.  Have you changed your mind?”
Jace swung out of his saddle, “not at all, my companion is just not used to such rustic accommodations.”
Otis studied them with a grin, “well, you certainly look like you’ve had your share of sleeping rough, this has to be better than that.  Will you go in?”
Jace shrugged and followed Garn, his two companions and Otis bringing up the rear.  Said Garn once they were deep within the castle, “I’d appreciate if you handed over your weapons, gentlemen.”
Jace and Kent complied without fuss, but Logan was quite put out, “we are guests, not prisoners!  I demand to see the master of this place!”  Jace shook his head and Kent rolled his eyes, knowing the man’s antics only made their mission more difficult.
Otis’s smile was not a happy one, “trust me, sir, you’d much rather deal with us than our master, but you’ll see him soon enough, that is, if you manage to live that long.  Now hand over the sword or permanently lose the use of it.  And yes, you are prisoners, at least until we can sort this little matter out.”
Logan exchanged an anxious look with his companions, who nodded that he should cooperate, and then handed over his weapons as they were escorted to the dungeons and locked in a relatively large cell to await their fate.  Their captors hurried off to inform their master that they had fulfilled their quest, careful to restrain their eagerness upon this occasion.
“Well,” said he skeptically, “it seems a little too providential for my taste, which means the so-called Master is probably up to some mischief; he probably wants his pathetic slave back, but he shan’t have him, not if I can help it.  Let us see these fish you have caught lads, or shall I say, which have caught you?”  He laughed grimly, “are they merely bait or actually a fish worth keeping, I wonder?”
They entered the wing of the dungeons containing our heroes; one of the reasons the vile man had chosen this particular ruin for his haunt was the extensiveness of the dungeons, for he had grand, if vain, hopes of one day filling them.  Jace and Kent perched precariously on half-rotten stools that had been moldering therein for who knew how long while Logan paced like some caged beast.  All eyes focused expectantly and curiously on the dark man and his minions as they entered, the Brethren stood and Logan stilled his pacing.  The man studied them as intently as his prisoners studied him.
“Who are you?  What do you want?” asked the man sternly once his study was complete, no minions of either the Lady or the Master were these, especially the anxious fool at the fore.
The Brethren remained stonily silent, but Logan was more than happy to answer, “we are men seeking power and renown, my lord.”
He smiled wanly, “are you not also seeking something else, perhaps a missing friend?”  Logan gaped, but the Brethren remained as indifferent as the stones in the walls about them.  The man’s smile deepened, but not in a pleasant manner, “I see I will get nowhere with your silent friends, but perhaps you will be reasonable?”
Logan nodded eagerly, sensing a power and confidence in this man that he envied, he glanced disparagingly at his companions and said, “they had something I thought I wanted, but perhaps you will make me a better offer when they won’t even bother to ask?”  He smiled grimly, “I have much to tell that will be of interest to you, milord.”
“Very good,” said the grim man with a fell smile, “come with me, your friends can rot here for a bit longer.”  His vile laugh boded ill for said friends as he led Logan away to a slightly more comfortable room in which to conduct his interview.
Once they were alone, Kent remarked, “we should have let him spread his gossip all over Andrea rather than tell your secrets to that vile fiend!”
Jace shook his head, but smiled slightly, “no, I think matters are playing out exactly as they are supposed to.”  He soberly met Kent’s gaze, “alas for Logan!”  Kent nodded his grim concurrence.


4

Logan settled himself in the moth-eaten velvet chair, as if he were the master and the other three were his minions.  Said he, “now what will you offer me in exchange for my information?”
The dark man scoffed, “how about your life?”
Logan smiled sardonically, “now what is the point of that senseless remark?  I will give my companions into your hands, and you can be quite sure that they will be of vast interest to you, but I must get something out of it.”
“Very good,” said the dark man, “your ambition will get you far amongst us, especially when it is used to betray those whom you once called friends!  Tell us what you know and you can have your part in the Brotherhood of the Serpent, wherein you will gain the power you seek.”  His minions exchanged a pained expression behind his back, which Logan noted with a wry smile, knowing the fools had not the wherewithal to achieve more than a minion’s status in the shadowy brotherhood to which they had sold their very souls; he would be no such fool.
“Very well,” said he, “I will tell you all I know and then you will initiate me into your brotherhood as an equal partner.”  The apprentices gaped but the dark man grinned eagerly, ambition indeed!

Jace settled once more on his rickety stool, barely cognizant enough to keep from tipping it over; Kent watched him with concern.  “What is the matter?” asked he.
Jace shook his head, trying to clear it, “I don’t know.  I feel as if my head is stuffed with wool.”  He yawned, “and I’m so very tired.”  He leaned back against the wall, “perhaps I have overextended myself this day.”
Kent nodded, “get some rest, I’ll keep watch.”  Jace nodded, abandoning the stool as a lost cause and trying to settle against one wall as comfortably as he could, Kent watching him worriedly.  This was no natural fatigue, but rather a weariness of mind and soul.

Baye did not know how long he had walked the dark corridors of this strange world, perhaps forever, but ever did a shadowy pursuer haunt his steps through an ever changing milieu of fetid swamps, labyrinthine caves, barren wastelands where ash lay thick as snow, utter darkness, and dreadful woods where the sun would never shine nor bird sing more.  He knew nothing of his past, knew he had no future but this interminable darkness, but clung to the only thing he truly knew, though he did not quite understand its significance or what it meant, only that it was the only thing keeping him from despair or insanity, over and over it echoed in his heart like a hopeful melody carried far upon an errant breeze into a dark land that has never known the sun: He will come!  But the pursuer was close, very close, and he could not linger; he pressed deeper into the nightmare that was, perhaps had always been, his life.

“So their precious Master has stripped them of everything that might avail them against me?” said the dark man eagerly, “one of them is, or rather was, a Shadow?!”
It was Logan’s turn to grin, “two of them sir, if you managed to catch one of the Brethren of late?”
The man turned glowing eyes upon his minions, “the boy, how is he?”
Garn shrugged, “still unconscious, I doubt if he’ll ever wake.”
The man’s smile deepened, “now he certainly won’t and he’ll serve our purposes quite well.”  He turned questioning eyes to Logan, “he is yet one of the Brethren, yet no longer a Shadow?”  Logan nodded eagerly.  “Very well,” smiled the man, “are you ready for your reward?”  Logan’s smile deepened threefold, but there was no warmth therein.
Logan and the dark man returned to the dungeons while the minions were dispatched to fetch the insensible Cieren; this time they entered the wing containing Baye.  The apprentice tending to the orb looked up in surprise to see his master enter with a stranger in tow, said he in concern, “is something amiss, sir?”
The man snorted, “we are about to inter two more prisoners alongside their comrade.”  He turned to Logan with a proud smile, “our master has tasked me with eliminating these pests, but killing them does no good, for they simply return, neither can walls or ropes hold them.”  He laughed mockingly, “save perhaps in the case of our poor mortal captives.  But I have devised a means to keep them imprisoned and useless to their Master’s cause.  An ensorcelled dagger in the heart keeps their physical selves from rousing while the Eye, constantly monitored of course, keeps their spirits trapped in a boundless nightmare of our own construction.  The only downside is: we cannot actually touch, capture, or destroy their pathetic souls, for they seem just ever beyond our reach.”
Logan frowned thoughtfully, “perhaps you might trick them into coming to you?”
The dark man smiled dreadfully, “that is an excellent idea and I will allow you to be the first to try it, for you seem to know these creatures better than I.  But first, we must attend to business.”  A shadow suddenly loomed out of a darkened corner and whispered in the vile man’s ear, he frowned in consternation at the creature and then said thoughtfully to himself, “senseless?”  He smiled anew, “it seems our sorcery is not without its effects, even on those who are supposedly no longer a part of the Shadow.”  He turned to Logan with a grin, “one of your companions now lies senseless in his cell, apparently succumbing to our magicks even when we had not yet attempted to ensorcel him.  Most intriguing!”
The wraith whispered something eagerly to the grim man, who growled, “by all means, I have no use for the other one.  Corrupt him if you can, otherwise do as you wish with him, just leave me out of it.  Can you not see I am busy here?”  The creature hissed in terror and pleasure before vanishing swiftly into the deeper shadows.  Logan shuddered and the dark man smiled amusedly at his reaction, “now,” said he, “where were we?  Ah, yes!  Bring the boy!”
They laid Cieren on a rickety bed of moldering straw beside Baye’s inert form.  Said the dark man, “you’ll need his blood to complete the ritual, but if we kill him too quickly, we’ll have an enraged Shadow on the loose.  Give me the dagger.”  Garn handed him the vicious looking weapon which he then gave to Logan, said the dark man, “cut his palm and taste of his blood before burying the dagger in his heart.”
Logan shivered in horror, but was determined to do what he must, so did as the dark man bade him, feeling an overwhelming sense of evil and power settle upon his being as he buried the dagger in the boy’s heart.  Senseless as he was, Cieren gasped as the weapon found its mark and then slumped as one dead.  The dark man looked expectantly at the apprentice in charge of the orb and smiled maliciously when the boy nodded in affirmation that the prisoner was now enthralled by the Eye.
“Good,” said the dark man, “we’ll go check on the other prisoners while our newest initiate acquaints himself with the Eye.”  Logan nodded and replaced the weary apprentice, who followed their master back into the other wing of the dungeons.  Logan immediately felt a world, dark and mutable, arise in his mind; he could sense two wandering souls, each in their own limitless but separate prison.  He smiled eagerly as he constructed the scenario he hoped would draw the long lost Baye out of seclusion.

Kent continued to watch Jace worriedly, the boy seemed to be slipping more and more into a comatose state, but he watched the shadows just as keenly, for he felt a presence there he remembered from a waking nightmare, but there was none here now to rescue him from those vile voices or their taunts.  He smiled grimly, none but his Master that is, whether there was rescue or not, this time he would not fall into the arms of despair.  And this time there would be no rescue.  They came closer, taunting, mocking, threatening, easily bypassing the cell’s bars to intrude themselves upon Kent, ignoring Jace’s slumped form in the corner.  “Join us!” they whispered, “free yourself from this physical captivity!  Be truly free!”
Kent sighed, “may the Master have mercy upon me!”  They hissed in fear and fury at that Name, flinging themselves upon the insolent man, sucking the very life from his being as if they were leeches after blood.  Kent screamed in horror, there was no pain, but the very thought was appalling, but his cries quickly faded into nothingness as the terrible creatures fed, until there was nothing left of the once bold Warrior.  Sated, at least for a few minutes, the wraiths withdrew to their corner to watch and wait.

Jace passed from the waking world into a strange world of dreams and half-formed visions.  He was not technically a part of the Shadow any longer, but his soul still belonged indelibly to that service, regardless of his physical circumstances, and thus did he fall to the unheard siren song of the Eye that had wrapped itself around his comrades, but he was not yet fully under its sway, rather it drew him out of his physical shell and towards itself, as a lodestone draws iron, thus did his mortal shell lay slumped against the dungeon wall as his spirit went wandering through the dungeon’s many corridors, unseen by all, save the wraiths, who had no particular interest in this being that they could not touch nor could it touch them, and after the dark man’s threats and dismissive treatment, they were not about to tell him of its wanderings either.   So it was that Jace wandered about, as one in a trance, with none the wiser while the wraiths contented themselves with Kent and the initiates of the Brotherhood added another to their ranks.
Jace saw the sphere, glowing darkly, vaguely noting his comrades unmoving on their pallets, but strangely indifferent to their plight, knowing the answer did not lie with them, but rather within the orb.  He drew ever closer, its song now overwhelming, until at last it drew him into itself.  Suddenly he was wide-awake and aware of all about him; he sensed a fell presence without, intent on some mischief to those trapped within.  He felt two other shadows, darting furtively through the dark mist that enveloped the entire world, each in his own vast cell; he had found Cieren and Baye, but how to free them?

Kent frowned, dazedly wondering how the Master’s country could be so dank and unwelcoming.  He smiled grimly as he felt the weight of a sword in his hands and realized this might be death, but he yet had something to accomplish.  He caught a flicker of movement off to one side and his smile deepened, as he followed Jace deeper into the dungeons and into the very heart of a darkly glowing sphere.  Jace turned in surprise when he realized he was not alone, smiling grimly, “you may be no part of the Shadow my friend, but it seems your adventures are just as uncanny as mine!”
Kent laughed, “this is just like the Lady insisting I join the Messengers, though I refuse, she still insists on treating me like one!”  He sobered, “how do we free our friends?”
Jace glanced about curiously, hoping for inspiration, then he saw it, a thin tendril of darkness running from within the Eye out to each of his comrades.  Kent followed his gaze and smiled, “if we can cut the threads, perhaps they will waken?”
Jace shook his head grimly, “not with those tainted daggers in their hearts.”  He said thoughtfully, “but if we can make them aware of their circumstances, Baye at least, he should be able to get rid of the dagger while we do something about the orb.”
Kent hefted his sword, “let us go find him, then.”  Jace squawked in discomfort and Kent frowned, “what was that?  I didn’t think ghosts felt pain.”
Jace held up his slightly glowing right hand, a silver unicorn alight thereupon, “we are no ghosts my friend, but now I can destroy the sphere when the time comes, but first we must find Baye.”  He grinned impishly for a moment and then dashed off into the gloom, Kent close upon his heels.

“Baye?” echoed the familiar voice through the brume.  Baye froze, listening with his entire being, straining his eyes to see in the dark fog.  He had a name!  But he shivered, it was not a voice to which he could give answer, it sounded familiar, but it came from a nefarious throat.
Logan frowned, he was doing a perfect imitation of Jace, but still, the skulking shadow would not take the bait.  The wretch must be desperate for companionship or rescue by now, why would he not come?  He sighed and thought to try again, this time trying to coax Cieren out of hiding.
Baye felt the presence withdraw, still on the verge of his senses, but no longer an immediate threat.  He crept from his hiding place, only to hear it again, “Baye!”  He frowned, it was the same call, but a different presence, and this one was familiar, very familiar, but wait, it was not alone, there were two of them.  His frown deepened, trying to determine if this second presence was likewise familiar; he smiled, for perhaps the first time ever, he did not know who or what they were, but he knew he knew them.  He emerged from the concealing shadows and blinked in wonder, for not only Jace but Kent too stood before him, but not for long.  They flung themselves joyously into the baffled man’s arms, their sudden and overwhelming warmth driving away the last of the shadows that clouded his mind.  Exuberantly did he return their greeting, again fully in command of his faculties.
“Where are we?” said Baye, with a frown, “I feel as if I have been wandering in circles since time began.”  His frown deepened, “when is it, anyway?  I haven’t fallen asleep like the man in the story only to waken and find a thousand years have passed, have I?”
Jace grinned, “you have only been missing for a few weeks at the most, my friend.”
“Missing?!” came the incredulous reply, “how is it a Shadow goes missing?”  Jace then explained the situation and Baye nodded, “you destroy the sphere and I’ll take care of the dagger.”  He smiled grimly, “and anyone else who happens to be in the room.”  He frowned at Kent, “what are you doing here?  I can understand such nonsense from Jace, but I had expected better of you!”
Kent grinned, “I seem to find myself drawn inexorably in his wake, I suppose this is my penance for refusing to join the Shadow.”
Baye shook his head, “I meant rather, how is it you are here, inside this sphere or my head, or wherever it is we happen to be?  Mortal men can’t usually survive outside their physical selves.”
Kent said quietly, “those wraiths you so handily rescued me from once have finally had their way with me.  I no longer exist in the mortal world, at least not physically.”
Baye smiled sadly, “then I suppose when we destroy the sphere we shall not see you again until we are reunited in the Master’s bright country.”
“I suppose not,” said Kent quietly, but a note of eagerness tinged his voice, “but I do not think partings there are so grievous as they are in the waking world.”
“I was more concerned about us missing you,” said Baye with a smile, “I don’t worry about those in the Master’s presence, they have no need or desire for anything else.  You’ve been a good friend, and we’ll miss you heartily.”  He laughed, “even if you were not fool enough to join the Shadow.”  He turned to Jace, “ready lad?”
Jace turned to Kent, “I shall miss you my friend!”
Kent snorted, “try not to kill anyone else in cold blood for a while, try to go at least a decade or so.”
Jace laughed, “I’ll make no promises, but I’ll certainly try.”
Baye frowned, “who was the unlucky fellow this time?”
“Cieren,” laughed Kent, “first his mentor and then his own apprentice.  The lad has serious issues!”
Baye smiled, “he probably picked it up from me, you should have seen what I did to him his first day as my apprentice.”
Jace smiled in remembrance, “he must have killed me at least fifteen times that day.”
“Then I leave you in good company,” said Kent with a smile, “shall we be about it?”
Jace exchanged an eager look with Baye, “let’s.”

The dark man and his minions three entered the chamber wherein the Brethren had once been housed.  They found Kent gone without a trace and Jace slumped against the wall.  The vile man ordered, “bring the body, let him lay beside his comrades.”
Garn queried uneasily, “where is the other prisoner?”
The man smiled cruelly, “where you will be if you don’t stop pestering me with foolish questions: the wraiths took him, now get to work!”  All three shuddered but wasted no more time questioning their dreadful master, immediately carrying the senseless form out to join the others.
Logan looked up in dismay as the others returned and laid the prone form on another pallet, said he, “I can’t seem to draw either of them out of hiding.”
The dark man nodded, “not surprising, you may try to impersonate someone they know and trust, but he likely senses it to be a trick.  Can you tell if the boy’s spirit is now trapped within his own mind?”
Logan shook his head, “I do not have enough experience with this thing to know of a certain.”  He frowned, there was definitely something odd going on within the sphere, but he did not think it was Jace finding himself entombed in a darkened maze.  The dark man raised a dagger over Jace’s heart and Logan cried, “what are you doing?!”
The dark man snarled, “ensuring that this fool troubles us no longer!  Move aside and let Otis take over, he’ll be able to tell me what is happening with this wretch’s spirit.”
Logan did move aside, but his frown deepened when Jace groaned as the knife entered his heart before slumping in death.  He heard Otis say in dismay, “something odd is happening sir, I can’t quite tell you what.  There seem to be four shadows loose within the sphere, two uncontained and moving about of their own accord!”
“What?” gasped the dark man, hastening to the Eye.
Logan, sensing something very strange and very dangerous was about to happen, slunk out of the room, unnoticed in the concern over the sphere.  Not a moment later, both the sphere and Baye himself exploded with a deadly light, obliterating all who still resided within the room.  

“Well done, all of you!” came the joyous Voice, causing their very beings to glow in delight and pleasure.  Cieren, Jace, Baye, and Kent all found themselves kneeling before the Master in a place wrought completely of azure light with sparkling motes of gold and purple dancing throughout to a music none could hear.  He nuzzled Kent gently, “would you go back child?”
Kent looked up with wide eyes, “might I?”
The Master chuckled warmly, “of course child, but I do not promise that this will be the end of your strange adventures.”
Kent smiled, “I might get bored else, Lord.”
“Very well,” smiled He, “I shall return you all thence, but one fox has escaped the snare and must be apprehended.  I could use him for great things, but he will not allow it.  You can still ask, but his heart has grown cold towards all but his own ambition.”  They bowed deeply and the light consumed them.

Kent hid his eyes from the brightness all about him, wondering that he did not go blind, but the radiance did not dim even as his companions schooled themselves to normality.  Jace exchanged a knowing smile with Baye, as Cieren gaped in wonder.  At last Kent stood and faced his companions, impatient to be off, “I thought you had more control than this!”
Baye could no longer contain his laugh, “we do; it is you that must learn control.”
Kent gaped, “what are you...” he trailed off as he finally assessed the situation, taking in his blindingly radiant form.  He gasped, “what?!  How?!”
Baye smiled, “just concentrate lad.”
The light dimmed and Kent smiled, “now will someone explain what is going on here?”
A magpie, perched among the rafters of the ruinous stable, chirruped in amusement, “did I not say, child, that your peculiar adventures had only begun?  Though you initially refused, I Called you still.  You had no mortal body to return to, thus I must give you the loan of one, such as it is.  You may still Go, but if you choose to Remain, thus shall you be.”
All four were on their knees, Kent smiled sheepishly, “I am glad You know the deepest yearnings of my heart, even if I do not know them myself.  Of course I shall remain, my Lord.”  They all felt His smile and then He was gone.
As they rose to their feet, Baye turned Kent’s palm face up and both smiled in wonder at the rampant silver unicorn wrought thereupon, said Baye with quiet joy, “welcome to the Shadow!”


5

Cieren frowned, “how is it there are now seven of us?”
Baye grinned, “the Master can do as it pleases Him, He can have six or a thousand if He likes.”  He turned to the anxious creatures in their various stalls or standing eagerly in the half collapsed doorway, “come lads, we are not the only ones who have lingered too long in darkness.”  His unicorn greeted him joyously and the others were likewise reunited, a brilliant flash momentarily consuming each of the creatures as they resumed or assumed, in the case of Kent’s unicorn, their place as the unicorns of the Shadow.  Once all were mounted and ready to pursue the fugitive, Baye said, “I do not think one man requires over half of the Shadow to catch him.”  He grinned at Jace, “I will leave you with your apprentices.”
Jace nearly fell out of his saddle, gasped he, “apprentices!?”
Baye smiled widely, “aye lad, but don’t worry, Kent only needs to learn the basics and then I think he’ll be off on his own soon enough; it isn’t as if he’s never been on an adventure before.”
Kent shook his head with a rueful smile, “and here I thought my apprentice days were behind me!”
Jace frowned, “I thought you would be in charge of such matters, as experienced as you are?”
“That’s just it lad,” said Baye with a grin, “I’ve already had two apprentices, both currently active within the Shadow.  It would not do for me to have another, at least not until someone else has had a turn.  Would you mind lending me a hand, as it were?”
Jace nodded glumly, smiled wryly, gave his former mentor a hearty hug, and then waited a moment as Baye gave Cieren a nod and Kent a handshake, then he touched the rump of Baye’s unicorn with a glowing hand and sent him wherever it was that his next adventure waited.  Jace smiled impishly over his shoulder and said dryly, “well lads, let us be off!”  Kent gave him a patient look while Cieren laughed, but both followed him out of the ramshackle stable and into the burgeoning day.

Logan had escaped the disaster in the dungeons of that ruined castle, but he was fast discovering that there was a malady from which he could not run and that he had brought his own doom upon himself.  What once had given him power beyond mortal dreaming was now killing him.  He reined in his horse near a little copse, through which meandered a merry stream, dismounting, he literally crawled to the indifferently cheerful brook that continued its age-old song as the moribund man drank deeply.  He lay on the bank, exhausted and panting, wondering what the point of it all had been.  The horse whinnied nervously as a cold horror settled upon the little wood as a bird upon a branch, as if it were suddenly a midwinter dusk rather than a warm and sunny afternoon.
“You’re dying,” mocked the shade, its fiery eyes bright in the acute gloom.
Logan shuddered, he had seen such horrors in that awful dungeon, but had hoped they lay far behind him, “why?” coughed he, blood spattering his pale lips.
The creature laughed scornfully, enjoying the wretch’s torment, “you can’t go drinking the blood of such unholy creatures and think it won’t disagree with your mortal flesh.”  It laughed cruelly, “just ask the Widow.”
“So you’re just going to sit there and watch me die?” snarled Logan, “Either help me or be gone!”
“Oh, I’ll help you,” said the wraith, “there is but one way to salvage your life and it may even give you a chance to achieve the power you desire.”
Logan sighed, “I must become a thing like you?”  He coughed again, this time weaker, “you had best be about it then...”  He trailed off, only to shriek in horror as the thing leapt upon him.
As evening fell, a man emerged from the thicket and mounted the uneasy horse, riding off while the new-made wraith sulked in the little wood, hating the brook and its endless song, in truth, hating everyone and everything, but he was alive, at least if this could be called life.  All he needed was a creature of flesh and blood to give itself into his power, then he would be unstoppable.  But who was so desperate, or so foolish?  He smiled maliciously, at least he would have, had he facial features; he vanished into the rising shadows of the night, on the hunt once more.

Kent nearly glowed in joy as they rode along, never having imagined his life would take such an odd or wondrous turn.  Jace suddenly drew rein, stopping the party in its tracks, said he with a wry grin, “we had best settle this once and for all.”
Kent frowned and then realized what had disturbed the senior Shadow, he was not only beaming internally with joy: he was radiating light for the whole countryside to behold.  He said abashedly, cloaking himself anew, “sorry.”
Jace shook his head, “every new Shadow must learn to control the power within himself, no matter the distractions, emotional turmoil, or pain assaulting us at the moment.  We had better settle it sooner rather than later.”  He glanced about hopefully and turned their course towards a forested dell just visible on the horizon, Kent wondering what his first lesson among the Shadow would entail.  Jace was not kidding when he said it would be unpleasant, but within an hour, Kent proved himself master of himself and Jace said proudly, “it took me nearly half a day to learn that!  I think your apprenticeship is a mere formality, sir!”
Kent nodded, “I believe you are right.”  He grinned, “should I not be calling you ‘sir?’  At least momentarily?”
Jace nodded in amusement, “probably but I was never one for either sense or formality.  We’d best be on our way.”
They were soon in their saddles, giving Kent a fine chance to interrogate his esteemed master upon his new occupation, said he, “at last I can learn the answers to all the riddles!  My most pressing question is: what happens in the dungeons of Astoria that it requires a watch to be kept for three full days?”
Jace grinned in his peculiar fashion and asked, “you’ve been dying to know all along, haven’t you?”  Kent nodded and Jace’s smile deepened, as he continued, “much the same as what happened to you in the dungeons of that horrid keep.”
Kent frowned in horror, “you are set upon by wraiths?!”
Jace laughed, “no, rather the Master appears in all His unveiled glory.”
Kent’s eyes were wide, “no man can survive that!”
Jace nodded, “precisely, at that moment we are unmade and lost to our former lives, perhaps to the mortal world entirely if we choose to Go.”
Kent smiled wryly, “I think I would have preferred that to being unmade by a bunch of parasitic shadows!”
“You were the one who Refused your initial Call,” said Jace with a smile, “and here I thought I was the one who always did things the hard way.”
Kent frowned, “I thought if I said, ‘no,’ it would be the end of the matter?”
“We may Refuse, but that does not mean He will not continue to Ask,” said Jace, “it is the same in His pursuit of every living soul: we can run, hide, ignore, reject, but He will not abandon us, not until the decision is final and we cast ourselves willingly into the Abyss to avoid Him forever.”
Kent shuddered, “I cannot imagine such a fate, but many prefer it to our Master’s grace.”
Jace said with a faint smile, “such was I, but thankfully He was very persistent in His pursuit of me!”
After a long, thoughtful silence, in which each meandered upon his own path of memory, Kent asked, “where were you for those eighty years?”
Jace said in quiet reminiscence, “after your apprenticeship,” he smiled slightly, “or whatever it is in your case,” continued he, “each of us must commence on a journey of sorts, alone, a final test to ensure the Shadow is truly something we wish to serve, and after that, we customarily vanish for some years, ranging anywhere from five years to over a century.  Part of the reason, for I doubt we can truly understand the full purpose, is to break all bonds with our former life that we may more fully serve in our new role.  My mother died during my absence and my sister became the new Lady.”
Kent nodded thoughtfully but Cieren looked rather aghast, Jace smiled, “though neither of you have much for bonds to break, so you may tarry only a little before your return.”  He said encouragingly to Cieren, “your apprenticeship has just begun, you need not face that ordeal for some time yet and by then you will welcome it.”
Cieren smiled wanly, then asked, “how are we to find our fox?”
Jace smiled dryly, “find the chickens and he’ll come to us.”  Cieren frowned in consternation at this cryptic reply but Kent nodded eagerly.

Adan sat at a table in the overcrowded inn, wondering why exactly he was here and taking up space that could undoubtedly be put to better use, at least as far as the other patrons were concerned; he had received innumerable annoyed and outright angry looks when he said the seat across from him was taken, when it was the only empty seat in the house where twice as many people were left standing as had found a place to sit.  But he knew it must be so, so he endured the hostile glares as best he could and continued to sip his tepid wine, wondering who his mysterious guest would be.
He knew the moment the fellow entered the inn, for the crowd drew away from him as if they innately sensed some appalling evil or nascent danger about him.  He quickly scanned the room with his dead eyes, focused on Adan like a hawk upon a mouse, and then settled into the reserved chair as if he had every right to do so, and as far as all and sundry were concerned, he very much could do as it pleased him, for none was bold enough to challenge the matter.  An involuntary shiver ran down Adan’s spine as the creature sat, provoking a cruel smile on the otherwise blank face.  Said the wraith, “this is a good beginning, now mortal, tell me why you should live to see the dawn?”
Adan smiled grimly, “shall we not take this enthralling conversation outside?  We are disturbing all these good folk and this table could certainly provide some much needed seating for those currently displaced.”
The creature shrugged, “I care not, lead on.”
Adan stood and the monster followed, a corridor opening as if by sorcery through the midst of the silent crowd.  With the wraith gone, it was as if an enchantment had been lifted, all and sundry again broke into the raucous and whispered conversation that fills such public houses.  “After you,” said the creature ravenously, “there shall only be another and then another, ever and anon!  You cannot save them, let alone yourself with such a gesture.”  The creature frowned, “or is it you prefer to die in private.”
Adan smiled wryly, “if I must die, I would certainly prefer a little privacy.  But think of your own situation.  Is it not better to leave them as ignorant sheep, preyed upon one by one by the lurking wolf, rather than panicked and terrified, scattered hither and yon at the sight of murder and blood?”
The wraith tried his vacant smile anew and said thoughtfully, “you are not as dense as you look, mortal.  That is wisdom indeed.  Now I have an offer for you: you can die like the sheep you are or you can join me in the slaughter that is to come?”
“Or we could make an end of you,” came a new voice.
The wraith immediately leapt upon Adan and wrapped its inhumanly strong arms around his head and neck, hissing, “take a step closer and I’ll throttle this little chicken!”
Jace dismounted, sword in hand, Cieren and Kent remained in their saddles, one on either side of the embattled pair, said he, “you are not Logan.”
The creature scoffed, “where do you think I acquired such a fine garment?  The wretch is no doubt hiding in a corner like the shadow he is.”  It laughed uproariously and tightened its grip on Adan’s neck.
“Where can I find him?” asked Jace sternly.
“Hah!” scoffed the monster, “even if I knew, why should I tell you?  Now what of our little impasse here, eh?  What will you do to save this pathetic creature’s life?”
Jace smiled grimly, “absolutely nothing, I won’t bargain with evil, but I’ll certainly destroy it.”  He raised his sword, Adan gave him a wry look even as the creature snapped his neck and flung his limp form aside.  
Jace stepped over the broken body of his friend and charged the creature, which howled in fury and terror, “you are as heartless a fiend as any wraith, Shadow!”
“Not so much,” said Jace with a laugh, “he’ll make a full recovery; you on the other hand, will not be near so fortunate.”
“Another Shadow!” hissed the creature, “This is getting out of hand!”
“Would you seek the Master ere the end?” asked Jace quietly.
The creature answered by leaping upon him, impaling itself on his sword in process, but managing to rip out Jace’s throat with its teeth before succumbing to its own wounds; they fell together atop the unmoving Adan and lay still.  Kent and Cieren dismounted, studying the morbid heap curiously, but unsure of how to proceed.  At last the boy spoke, “we can either wait for them to waken on their own, which may take hours, or we can rouse them ourselves.”
Kent shrugged, “let’s give it a try, that is unless you want to stand here until dawn?”
Cieren smiled in answer and together they drew the three apart, each placing a hand firmly on the chest of one of their comrades, drawing them back from the sleep of death.  Jace smiled up at Kent, “you are certainly learning fast.”  He gained his feet, even as Adan was stirring, and looked curiously upon the dead wraith and shivered, “these things always give me the creeps.”  He laid a hand on the creature and eradicated the corpse with a pulse of light.
Cieren gaped, “when do I get to learn to do that?”
Jace grinned, “only after your apprenticeship, lad; be patient, you have enough to learn as it is.”  He joyously embraced Adan, “thanks for the help!”
Adan smiled, “my pleasure, especially to rid the world of a corporeal fiend.  I had best get back to my own duties.”  He grinned broadly at Kent, “it is high time you joined us!”  Kent shrugged sheepishly as Jace placed a hand on Adan’s shoulder and smiled, “may the Master ride with you, my friend!”  Then he vanished in a blaze of light.
As they gained their saddles, Kent asked, “so where then is our quarry?”
Jace shook his head, “he has become a wraith, so we had best start looking for him in places where he is like to find a victim despairing enough to agree to such a fate himself.  We should start in the place he once called home, perhaps he remembers something from his past that he hopes to use for his future.  Have you any idea where that might be, your lordship?”
Cieren shook his head wryly, “he wasn’t exactly forthcoming about his past; the Steward would know.”  He shuddered, “why would anyone willingly accept such a fate?”
Jace frowned, “he had no other choice.  Remember what happened to the Widow?”
Cieren nodded, “he willingly consumed the blood of a Shadow and doomed himself thereby.  He became a wraith to forestall death.”
Kent sighed, “he entered a living death rather than endure true death?  He is a fool!”
“No,” Jace said grimly, “just desperate, and afraid.  There is yet hope, slim though it be.”
Kent smiled grimly, “is that the tale then?  ‘Ace?’”
Jace bowed, “at your service, murderous fiend that you think me.  Let us hope Logan can be as sensible as Jay, at the last.”  They turned their unicorns and vanished into the thickening gloom of night.


6

The shade that had been Logan, for what need had a wraith of a name or an identity when he was but a tool in the hands of a heartless lord?, crept along the ground: a dark fog with deadly intentions.  It would be the easiest thing in the world to slip unseen into the castle and wreak what havoc he could, a lust for blood suddenly stirred within him, startling in its intensity, but he suppressed the urge for he did not need havoc, but rather a willing soul upon which to prey, either way, he must enter the castle.  He had left home with the intention of making something of himself, but this pathetic existence was far from what he had once dreamt of, but perhaps the dream need not die, at least not yet.  He glanced about furtively, but there was no one about at this hour of the night in this forgotten part of the city.  He need only scale the wall, dash across the courtyard, and he would be free to wander about the castle as it suited him.
At least it was not difficult to perform such a feat in this wretched guise; he drifted with all the ease of a cloud to the top of the wall, but there he sat, unable to go forward, as if some invisible wall barred his way, but there was nothing but night air betwixt himself and his goal.  Came a harsh laugh, “it could not be that easy, my wretched one.”
The wraith drew into itself in terror, horrified to be so close to its true master, in guise like a great black raven perched upon the wall not a stone’s throw from where he huddled.  Cackled the bird in evil delight, “you cannot go where you are not allowed, at least not without an invitation.  Anywhere the public is allowed, you can wander at will, but you must be invited into private dwellings, even one so large as this.”  He croaked in fury, “yet another nonsensical restriction imposed by my Enemy.”  He laughed in scorn at the quivering shade, “have fun little ghost!  I shall glut myself on your misery, for it is indeed the finest of wines!”  With another laugh he winged off into the night.
The wraith huddled there, stewing in misery for a very long time, wondering what next it should do, what it could do, for what was the point in anything?  Death would have been better by far, at least he would be where he belonged, not in the world but not of it, an unnatural thing on the outside longingly looking upon a world to which it no longer belonged.  With a sigh he slithered down from the wall, away from the painful rays of dawn that were driving off the sheltering night.  He must find a way inside, for he was certain he could convince a certain person from his past to agree to this diabolical offer, as he himself had done, especially after recent events.  He shivered, did he want to inflict this torment on another soul?  But it was the only way to be free of this indifferent existence and to achieve the power he so sorely needed, or was that all a lie as well?, as this whole wretched affair had been since first he thought to betray his friends.  With an even heavier heart and only his unsettling thoughts for company, he huddled into a dark corner to hide from the rising day.

Kent asked as they neared Cieren’s former holdings, “those wraiths are nasty enough in their shadow form, what are they capable of when they take on flesh?”
Jace smiled grimly, “anything and everything, for mortal men are helpless against them.  Thankfully it is not often one can convince someone to give up life and solidity to become a wraith instead, so it is not a common occurrence, but they are never left to their own devices long, for they are an unholy blemish upon the very face of the world and must be swiftly unmade.”
Kent smiled, “just another day in the life of a Shadow.”
Jace laughed, “at this rate, you’ll be done with your apprenticeship by noon tomorrow.  There is another skill you can practice, now that we are nearing his lordship’s former abode.  We’ll have to assume some sort of disguise, as we are supposed to be dead.”
Kent’s smile broadened, “you and his esteemed lordship are dead, I am still thought to walk among mortal men, but it will be amusing to try.  How shall we disguise ourselves?”

The Steward was looking over the newly promoted undersecretary’s shoulder as he put the finishing touches on a letter dictated by her ladyship and nodded in satisfaction; he should have hired the man from the first, rather than either of those adventurous scalawags!  Her ladyship had settled into managing the estates as smoothly as a duck onto a pond, and she had no strange notions of personal swordmasters or secretaries who could also wield a blade.  He was just looking forward to a long and dull career under her ladyship when there came a knock upon the library door.  He frowned, bade the new Secretary continue, and answered the summons.  The servant’s message so utterly perplexed him that he was left there to stand and gape as three uninvited persons pushed past both servants and settled themselves comfortably in the main sitting area.
The Steward was aghast at such behavior, but curtly told the Secretary to leave them alone whilst he dealt with these provocateurs of bad etiquette.  “Who are you and what do you want?” demanded he, rounding on his quite contentedly lounging guests.
“We need some information,” said Jace, straightening that he might more politely address their host.
“What kind of information?” asked the Steward cautiously, perhaps these were some of those reprehensible people that wrote up scandalous reports about the nobility for various illegitimate publications, and there had certainly been strange occurrences aplenty attending the current or former members of the household of late that he hoped no such writer ever caught wind of.  He studied the impertinent fellows more closely, they were plainly clad but well dressed, certainly not ragged or disreputable, and there was something indefinable about them, some characteristic he instinctively liked and trusted but could put no name to.  But their behavior was beyond belief!
Jace seemed to be reading the Steward’s mind and said, “we waited at the kitchen door all morning, asking repeatedly after just such an interview, but were put off, delayed, ignored, and even threatened!  So we had to take a more direct approach or stand without until the stars fall; please forgive our grievous breach of protocol.”  The Steward actually appeared somewhat mollified as Jace continued, “we only wish to know more of a lad called Logan who once served this household as Secretary.”
The Steward’s eyes narrowed, for they were dangerously close to uncanny things he did not wish to discuss, “what would you know of him?  He has not been seen since the unfortunate night his lordship was tragically taken from us.”
Jace nodded, “I understand, we only wish to know some of his history, where he grew up, his education, has he apprenticed with anyone, that sort of thing.”
The Steward visibly relaxed, “certainly sir, I have a copy of his letter of intent for the secretarial position here.  It is all I have or know upon the subject.”
Jace took the letter and asked, “may we keep this?”
The Steward looked somewhat aghast at the thought of losing an original document, but as it would hasten these freeloaders from the house and as it pertained to a questionable figure, perhaps it was allowable in such an extreme case, said he, “very well, remove it and your persons from this house at once and we shall all be well satisfied.”
They were on their feet in a moment and bowing themselves out, in parting Jace asked quite graciously, “and how is her ladyship finding her new position?”
The Steward beamed, “aside from you ruffians, life has been blissfully quiet and dull of late, for all of Andrea, and most especially for us.  Now be gone!”  Jace flashed him an impish smile as he shut the door in the lad’s insolent face, leaning against it heavily and sighing in relief as the banditti forever hied themselves out of his life.
Jace smiled at Kent, “that fellow enjoys order and predictability even more than you did.”
Kent laughed, “I was never that bad, my friend, and if I was, do you think I would have taken up with the Brethren in the first place, let alone the Shadow?”
Cieren, remembering his secretarial interviews, grimaced, “I suppose we are each called to and fitted for different types of service, for our Master’s work is much and varied.”  He grinned, “I would make a very poor secretary.”
“Though you once thought to offer me that vaunted position,” said Jace with a laugh.
Cieren smiled, “I have long since thought better of it.  Just because we were once acquaintances, does not mean you were in any way suited to the position.”
“Acquaintances?” said Jace in feigned incredulity, “is that so?  I suppose you wouldn’t mind spending the next fifty years polishing my saddle?”
Kent barked a laugh, “how did I find myself so unfortunately yoked with such a cruel master?”
Jace said stonily, but his lips betrayed him with a slight smile, “you can start on my boots, lad.”
Kent bowed deeply, “as you wish, sir!”  None could contain their mirth for a very long time thereafter.
As they regained the use of their faculties, Jace scanned the letter and smiled grimly, said he, “I think I know whither our shade is bound.”  His unicorn dashed off with all his uncanny speed and the others followed swiftly, refusing to be left behind in such an unseemly fashion.

Lumilla sat morosely over her needlework, finding no interest or point in the usually calming ritual of applying stitch after countless stitch.  She stared gloomily out at the waning moon that hung heavy in the sky, seeming to leer mockingly in at her through the window.  She tossed aside her busywork, donned her cloak and bonnet, and hied herself out upon the moors, at least if the moon must laugh at her, it could do so upon the lonely fields where she could occasionally hide herself in the shadows, rather than peering scornfully into her private chambers wherein there was no solace from its remorseless gaze.
She had never been a beauty or possessed of wealth, wit, or charm, thus had the years and all chance of romance, or even an acceptable marriage, passed her by and left her naturally dour temperament all the more bitter and prickly.  That vicious young lord’s remark at the ball had bit deep and festered with all the other wounds that had so grievously been heaped upon her throughout the years, most especially by her awful brother.  She smiled grimly as she wandered aimlessly through the heather, gray in the moonlight, for the young lord had received just recompense for his treatment of her at the ball and her brother had been forever removed from her dismal life, leaving her a small but adequate income with which to live out her remaining days in relative peace and comfort.  She had a small room in the palace, as befitted the sole surviving member of her once great and noble family, and she had little need for aught else.
There had been a time when she had hoped for more, but those days were as dead as her traitorous brother, snuffed out by both her brother and the man she had once loved, though he had been little more than a boy at the time.  He was a swordmaster’s son and she the sister of a great lord, at least in title, and the Lord Margate had hoped to use her to his advantage, to marry her off in some vile plot for his own gain, but no other man wished to make such an alliance, either with her or with her dreadful brother, so the years passed and her youth with them.  Neither would the boy avow his love, thinking himself destined for greater things than the love of a plain and relatively ancient woman, for there must be some beautiful and wealthy damsel out there somewhere in need of such a vital gallant.  He had vanished from her life, in search of his dreams, and never did she see him more until that horrid night at the fateful ball, but he would not even deign to notice her, though once she had taken his very breath away by her mere presence; the cad!
Now she stood alone upon the moor, her youth behind and her future as dull and colorless as the darkened heather in which she stood.  Came a voice like a whisper upon the breeze, “why so downcast, lady?”
She glanced about in surprise, but saw nothing but a shadow in the moonlight with nothing by which it might be cast.  She took a terrified step back when two fiery eyes blinked into existence and it spoke again, “do you not know an old friend when you see one?”
She frowned, gasped, and then said bitterly, somehow knowing this apparition to be her one time beloved, “I was not good enough for you then, a great lord’s sister though I was, now you dare come to me like this?  I am not that desperate!”
The wraith seemed completely taken aback at her response while deep inside he felt that insatiable lust for blood begin to stir, he quashed it quickly, ere it overrode his better judgment.  Said he in contrition, “nay lady, that desperate you are not, nor should any be, though I thought myself so not long ago, but alas, that is how I came to this grievous state.  I cannot inflict it upon you as well.  Fare thee well, ere worse comes of it!”
“Wait,” said she, holding out a hand, as if the gesture might forcefully stay his flight.  But halt he did, looking at her with grievous though hopeful eyes, asked she, “at last you show some compassion, if only too late.  Is there aught I can do to aid your plight?”
He shook his head mournfully, “nay lady, save to suffer alongside me in this interminable existence but that would only increase my wretchedness the more.  Your pity will be my only solace through all the long years yet to come.”  He sighed heavily and turned to go, but stopped and met her teary eyes, “I did love you but I loved my ambitions more, and now it is too late, for me at least.  Do not grow too bitter with this world, lady; for all its faults, it is a wondrous place.  Do not entomb your heart to protect it from cads such as I, for that is to dwell willingly in the Abyss while life yet lasts.”
He trailed off and she gasped as three riders suddenly ghosted out of the rising mist, radiant in the moonlight.  Her surprise lasted but a moment as she recognized one of the intruders; she drew herself up, crossed her arms, and scorned his late lordship, “you have some nerve, sir!  This is a private affair and should not be intruded upon, especially by such a callous soul and one rumored to be dead.”
Cieren dismounted and approached the lady, bowing deeply as he did so, “you are quite right madam.  My behavior towards you was unpardonable and I would beg your forgiveness even so.”
She gaped at him, “you are quite sincere!”
He bowed again, “I did not mean to so demean and insult you, though that was undoubtedly the result, rather I only hoped to free myself of all such entanglements on that particular evening.  I know now that it was your brother who hoped to use the situation for his own ends and you were merely caught in the middle.”
She smiled thinly at him, “this is a night of wonders, to be sure.  I suppose if a ghost can trouble himself to arise from his tomb to apologize, I cannot but forgive him, so that he might rest the easier thereby.”
Cieren smiled slightly, “no ghost am I lady, yet neither am I a man who can either marry or long hold a title.”
She might be plain and rather ill-tempered, but her mind was at least as sharp as her tongue, “so it was all a ploy to put a suitable lady in your place and to root out my brother’s treachery?”
Cieren bowed, “even so, madam.”  He turned to the silent shade, “and you sir?”
The wraith sighed, “I tire of this wretched existence and have not the heart to continue as my miserable kind must.  Strike and let death have its due, at long last.”
The lady gasped, “must it be so?!”
The wraith smiled grimly, “and a relief even so.”
Jace and Kent approached, the former saying, “the Abyss will offer no true relief from the wretchedness you now feel, nay you will be utterly alone in your misery.”  He shuddered, “trust me, I once found myself therein, but for a moment, and it was terrible.”
Logan said tremulously, “your Master would yet have me, wretch and traitor that I am?”
Jace nodded and the wraith knelt before him, “then strike true sir, and may He have mercy upon me.  Though I come a wretch and beggar at the last, I will be His.”
“No!” wailed a fell voice on the suddenly howling wind as dark clouds obscured the moon, but Jace did not hesitate and struck.  Logan fell dead at his feet, a mortal man once more, a look of astonishment on his face and peace in his glazing eyes.
The wind died away with a pitiful wail and the clouds vanished, as the lady studied the corpse upon the heather, said she wistfully, “he appears far more contented in death than ever he was in life.”  She looked at Jace hopefully, “might I too have such hope?”
Jace bowed, “you have but to ask the King’s Advisor from Astoria, my lady, and he will be happy to point you towards the path of all peace, hope, joy, and meaning.”
She turned to Cieren with a slight smile, “perhaps one day too, you will find that path or at least learn to act as you should as you walk upon it.”  The boy gaped in astonishment at her pertness as she turned away and vanished into the mist that was drifting in ghostly veils across the moor.  He turned to his friends for support but they only grinned amusedly at his disconcertment; he sighed, convinced he would never understand women.  A burst of light consumed the mortal remains of the one time wraith and then they too vanished quietly into the mist.



The Forgotten:




1

The ride back to Astoria was happily uneventful and much did they enjoy one another’s company, Kent eagerly absorbing all Jace had to say upon the Shadow as the first leaves of spring take in the light.  When they topped a certain rise and saw the city spread out before them in the distance, Jace said quietly to his companions, “our rest is at an end, my friends, and our next adventure is before us.  Let us meet it head on with willing hearts.”
Cieren frowned, “why do you sound so downcast?”
Kent said just as quietly, “something is brooding lad, it waits within the very heart of the keep.”
Jace smiled sadly at them both, “aye, and I fear we may be parted for some time, it is this which keenly troubles my heart.”
Kent clapped him on the shoulder, “none in the Master’s keeping are long sundered, though it be millennia that part them.”
Jace heartened, “truly spoken.”  He laughed wryly, “how long must I endure in this service before I learn to trust Him whom we serve with all our beings?”
Kent smiled slightly, “I fear that will trouble you until the day you quit this mortal sphere.”
Cieren groaned, “there won’t come a day when I struggle no longer?”  His more experienced companions exchanged a knowing smile and the boy sighed, “very well, at least let us get down this hill ere twilight catches us.”
Jace shrugged, “no point disputing him when he speaks sense.”
Kent laughed heartily, “at least one of you does.”  Jace gave him a patient smile as they started down the hill, reaching the castle itself just before sunset.  Jace, with Cieren in tow, went immediately to the Lady to make his report while Kent felt a very strange urge to speak to the man guarding a little used side gate.
The Lady stood by her window, watching the sunset, when the servant announced them; she turned eager eyes upon her brother, hoping he came with word that Baye had been found.  His triumphant smile was answer enough, but suddenly his countenance turned grave as he rushed towards her, whispering, “forgive me Brie!” as he touched her shoulder and light consumed her.  Cieren gaped in horror, still somewhat overawed by the Lady of Astoria as a proper apprentice should be, but could say nothing before Jace assumed her likeness, the door flew open, and chaos broke loose.
The boy fell with a crossbow bolt in his chest as someone clouted the ‘Lady’ upside the head and sent Jace tumbling into darkness.  One of the villains drug an unconscious servant into the room, as the others wrapped their prisoner in a rolled carpet they had brought for just such a purpose, and clad as castle servants, they exited the room and the castle with none looking twice at them; they went down a little used staircase that ended at a door that opened into the courtyard near a little used side gate.  One of them dispatched the sleepy guard, leaving his body inside the door at the base of the stairs, and then they hauled their carpet out the gate and into an alley where a wagon and team waited, the driver already in the seat.  He whipped up the team and they fled the city with all the haste they dared lest they draw unwanted attention, but once free of the city, he pushed the horses as hard as they could go, a full moon giving ample light by which to travel.

The Warrior returned to his post at the little side gate, thankful that Kent had happened upon him just then, for he had forgotten a rather pressing errand until that very moment; happily Kent offered to watch the gate while he attended to the matter.  Upon his return, he found the gate unattended and unlocked.  Frowning, he opened the gate but found nothing but fresh horse dung in the alley.  He secured the gate and studied the area, his frown deepening as he noticed a puddle, black in the moonlight, beside the door and a streak of the same inky fluid going in the direction of a little used door entering the castle, as if something had been dragged away while oozing the dark liquid.  His heart sank as he raced to the door and found it too unlocked.  Kent’s lifeless body tumbled out as he opened the door.  The Warrior’s cry of dismay drew a servant and several of his colleagues, all glancing uneasily at one another and their murdered comrade, at least everyone except the servant, who inexplicably studied the man’s right palm and smiled in satisfaction.  It was about time.
Jared schooled his features to that of grave concern and said worriedly, “someone came down these stairs and exited out the side gate, but who and why?”
The gathered Brethren exchanged a horrified look, for one might access the Lady’s audience chamber via those stairs.  Kent’s murder was unlikely the only tragedy wrought this night.  As one, they ascended the stairs, hoping their fears would not be realized.  They found the Lady’s audience chamber unwarded and locked from within, an ill omen indeed.  At last they were able to force the door open, only to find the Lady gone, the servant who was supposed to be warding the door unconscious, and Cieren dead.  Jared barely restrained a smile upon sighting the dead apprentice, if the boy was here, no doubt Jace had somehow entangled himself in the plot, whatever it was.  Now to find the Lady.

Griselda went down to the wine cellars to fetch another barrel for the kitchens, she was rather liking her new position and was musing happily upon this fact, so content was she that she had not threatened anyone with a ladle in nearly a month, when her ruminations were cut short by a cacophony coming from the wine cellar.  With a frown, Griselda hefted her key and prepared to unlock the storeroom, ready to give a sound scolding to the fool Student who no doubt found himself therein upon some nonsensical foray or other, but her rebuke died on her tongue, for it was no reckless Student, but rather the Lady herself who emerged, all cobwebs and dust, as Griselda opened the door.
Griselda gasped and dropped both a curtsy and the keys as the Lady studied her unwitting jailor with a thoughtful frown.  Jace’s behavior was inexcusable, but there was far more to it than a boyish prank.  She said firmly to the trembling woman,  “keep this little affair to yourself, please?”  Griselda nodded and the Lady smiled grimly, “now to find the one responsible for such shenanigans!”  She swept up the dusty stairs and Griselda almost pitied the fellow whom she pursued, but part of her rather envied the Lady in what was to come.  She stood, retrieved her keys, and returned to her interrupted errand as if nothing odd had just happened, for in Astoria, such happenings were not peculiar in the least.  With this thought, she smiled wryly as she retrieved her wine and returned to the kitchens where such happenings were thankfully uncommon.

The Lady returned immediately to her audience chamber, ready to set her brother so firmly in his place he wouldn’t dare leave it until the third or fourth of her successors gave him leave to do so, but the scene before her soon drove all other thoughts from her mind.  The doors hung askew, as if forced open, and a crowd of anxious people milled about like lost sheep, not knowing what to do.  There were several gasps of astonishment and a happy murmur as she entered her own audience chamber to demand what exactly was going on.  She absently noticed a servant sitting in a chair, a great lump rising on his head while another form lay unmoving, momentarily forgotten, against one wall.  All eyes suddenly focused on her and there came a communal sigh of relief, as she appeared among them seemingly no worse for wear.
She turned immediately upon Jared whom she saw at the fore of the throng, asked she as patiently as she could, “what happened here?”
Jared bowed deeply, “it is good to see you safe and well, my Lady.  It seems that persons unknown entered your chambers after disabling the servant and killing the apprentice.  They then locked the doors from the inside, fled down the side stairs, killed the man warding a small outer gate, and fled down the alley and out of the city.”
The Lady frowned, “what were they after?”  Why go to so much trouble for no apparent reason?”
Jared asked, “where were you, my Lady, and who was in here at the time?”
The Lady shivered as she realized exactly what it was her brother had done for her, said she carefully, knowing many curious ears were attuned to their conversation, “I was not in the room at the moment, I was miraculously elsewhere at the time.  I had been about to hear a report from a just arrived Messenger and his apprentice.”  She glanced grimly at the unmoving Cieren and nodded, “that’s the boy, but where is his mentor?”
Jared shook his head, “missing, my Lady.”
She frowned, “it seems an awful risk to kidnap a Messenger.”
Jared nodded, “perhaps he made enemies while about his duties?  Who knows what a vengeful heart will do?”
“Perhaps,” said she quietly, “I must look further into this matter ere I can say more.  Who was killed at the side gate?”
“Kent,” my Lady, said Jared calmly.
She gaped at him, “what was he doing guarding a gate?  I thought he was off on a field assignment?”
Jared smiled slightly, “it seems he had just returned in company with the missing Messenger and his apprentice; he was watching the gate in question for a few minutes while the usual guard attended to a personal matter.”
The Lady nodded at this vague explanation, eager to get Jared alone that she might hear the full tale, or at least as much of it as he could tell her.  “Very well,” said she, “take Hawk and attend to my fallen servants while we continue the investigation.  Report immediately to me when you have finished.”  He bowed deeply and withdrew as she approached the woozy servant.
Jared and Hawk bore their fallen comrades out of the city, eager to hear the full tale themselves, not only of what happened to Jace but of all their strange adventures since last they were in Astoria.  Hawk gave Jared a significant look as he saw the silver unicorn graven on Kent’s palm, but refrained from comment until they were well outside the city.  Said he in surprise, “he has finally joined the Shadow, but does that mean someone has Gone?”
Jared was silent a long moment in thought, but said at last, “no, I think there are now seven of us, though Kent will shortly vanish upon his journey and something tells me that we may not see Jace for a time either.”
Hawk frowned at Cieren, “what of him?”
Jared grinned, “he’ll be in his apprenticeship for a while yet and I suppose you’ll have to oversee him in Jace’s absence.”
Hawk gaped, “me?!”
Jared laughed, “he has yet much he can learn from our various teachers, so you need not fear that part of things.  The rest will be easy, if Jace can manage it, you certainly can.  Besides, it is only until Jace returns.”
“Where is he?” asked Hawk in concern.
Jared shook his head, “that I cannot say, but it may be his strangest journey yet, and that is saying something!”
Jared stopped the wagon in a secluded glade just off the road and they roused their comrades, or tried to.  Cieren awoke with a start, glancing about in surprise, but Kent vanished entirely as the pulse of light consumed him.  Hawk looked rather shocked.  Jared smiled, “I told you he’d soon be off on his journey.”  He turned to Cieren, “now lad, you have quite the tale to tell us, I do not doubt.”  Cieren’s eyes went wide but he nodded eagerly, wondering idly where Jace was and why his mentor had abandoned him to the Captain and the Swordmaster.

“He’s awake!” came the excited cry of the man minding the prisoners.  The wagon jolted to a halt as every man took his weapon in hand and anxiously eyed the seemingly female captive.
Jace blinked blearily, trying to remember where he was or what had happened, it was not an uncommon feeling during the course of his uncanny duties and its very familiarity almost had a calming effect.  He struggled to sit up, found his hands and feet securely bound and his movements further hindered by an unfamiliar mass of bunched material, only then did he realize he was wearing a dress; he smiled wryly, remembering that he was supposed to be the Lady of Astoria.  He eyed his captors curiously, wondering what they would think to discover they had made off with the wrong person.  
His smile died when he looked into the all too serious eyes of one of his captors, who said, “you can quit smirking, we know very well you ain’t the thrice cursed Lady of Astoria, but rather some sorcerer in her likeness.”
Jace gaped, but allowed his form to shift to that which was his normal guise of late, his captors gasping in wonder, though they had theoretically known it was possible, seeing it was something else altogether.  Jace’s smile became dangerous, “if you know that much about me, then you should also know these ropes won’t hold me.”  If he could walk through a wall, certainly he should be able to escape a couple measly ropes, but it was not to be, no matter how he moved, concentrated, or tried, the cords held him fast.
It was the man’s turn to smirk, “quit your wriggling, those ropes will bind you until we’re ready to loose you.  They’ve been made special just for you.”
Jace gaped anew, said he in astonishment, “so this was no plot to capture the Lady of Astoria, but rather a ploy to trap me or one of my comrades?”
The man smiled around his pipe, “trussed like a goose for market you may be, but you ain’t slow, I’ll give you that lad.  There are plans for you, strange plans, but perhaps that is all that can be done with such a worker of magicks.”
Only then did Jace realize he was not alone in the back of the wagon, aside for the villains that is, for the former Seer was tied up right alongside him, a great bruise on one side of his head and still unconscious.  “No!” said Jace in alarm, “if you want me, take me, but do not involve others in this!”
The man took his pipe out of his mouth and smiled viciously, “quite the altruist, for an evil mage, that is.  The problem is, we can’t deal with you unless someone pays the blood price; that’s his job.”  He laughed darkly, “and how do you think we managed to acquire ropes that would actually bind you?”
Jace’s heart sank as he slumped against the side of the wagon, wondering how many of his comrades must die for these villains to work their vile machinations, but a sudden peace assaulted him, and he knew, live or die, he must surrender them, as well as himself, to the Master’s keeping.  The wagon jolted into motion once more, now that they were sure their captive was actually who he was supposed to be and that he wasn’t apt to break loose any time soon.

Baye rode into the clearing, its ancient standing stones seeming to glower at him for intruding upon their unholy vigil.  The altar stone was dark with fresh blood and the evil about the place was palpable, something awful had been wrought here of late.  There was no question as to the fate of his missing comrade, but he wondered what it was the murderers were up to.  He turned back towards Astoria with a grim report for the Lady, especially as those stones were the closest such site to the city and had not ever been used for their intended purpose, at least not to anyone’s knowledge, until now.  He was even more astonished to hear of Jace’s disappearance and his heart sank in grim foreboding, especially when it was discovered one of the Philosophers had also gone missing during the raid.
Jared stood before the Lady after tending to his comrades’ remains, Baye was admitted soon thereafter, and she studied them both grimly, “will someone please tell me what is going on?”
“That I wish I knew,” said Jared quietly.  He smiled at Baye, “at least we know Jace’s mission was successful.”  He turned back to the Lady, “and Kent has been recruited into the Shadow.”
She sat up suddenly in her chair, “no wonder you did not seem the least dismayed at his death.”  She rolled her eyes, “how many of my servants are you going to steal, Captain?”  Jared shrugged and she turned to Baye, “welcome back, Jared has told me little, as usual, but it sounds a strange tale indeed.”
Baye bowed, “that it is, Lady, but I bear a grim tale of my own.  On my ride back, I felt called to investigate the vanishment of one of the Warriors.  His unicorn was quite distraught and I intervened, but only too late.”  She nodded grimly but he had not finished, “do you know the standing stones between the northern borders of Astoria and Waymeet?”
She paled, “they didn’t?!”
He nodded, “even so, these villains are up to something my Lady, with both Jace and the Philosopher missing, it cannot be good.”
“What are we to do?” asked she.
Jared and Baye exchanged a grave look and the former replied, “we can do nothing but wait, my Lady.”  She nodded sadly, but knew in her heart that he spoke truly, but she dearly wished they could ride out and rescue her brother as all the stories said they must, but that was not the plot of this particular tale and well she knew it.


2

They pushed on through the night and then stopped for a few hours to rest midmorning, two men on horseback scouting behind and ahead; once the horses were rested and the scouts assured that no one was likely to witness their passage on this relatively abandoned stretch of road, they loaded up the wagon and set off anew.  The Philosopher finally roused as the wagon lumbered off, he glanced about with his one good eye in perplexity, but upon sighting Jace, he relaxed significantly.  Said he with a wry grin, “so we’re to share another adventure, are we lad?”
Jace shook his head grimly, “I fear this adventure might well be your last, sir.  They intend to do to you what you once asked of three of our Brothers.”
The man snorted, “it is rather ironic, I’ll give you that.  Can’t you just pull some of your tricks and set us free?  Or perhaps all will end as the last tale did?”
“I am as much a captive as you sir,” said Jace sadly, “neither will the end be so happy.”
The man nodded resignedly, “well if that is to be the tale, I suppose I can do naught but come to the last page and then see what lies beyond it.”
Jace’s eyes sparkled in remembrance of wondrous things barely glimpsed, whispered he, “you will not be disappointed, sir.”
The man shifted, trying to ease his knotted muscles, saying with a slight grin, “then perhaps I shall look forward to it rather than dread what is to come.”  He frowned, “what of you lad?”
Jace shivered, “that I little know, but their intentions are vile, whatever they be.”
One of the villains laughed darkly, “fear not, you’ll find out soon enough.  Now pipe down.”  They settled into an uneasy silence as the sun sank and evening crept in.  Somewhere in the middle of the night, the wagon creaked to a halt and the men eagerly began their preparations.  Jace sat up as best he could and saw a ring of standing stones, silent in the moonlight.  He eyed his companion, “we are here.”  
The man nodded, but smiled grimly, “things will be as they will be lad, but the Master never forsakes His own.”  He smiled wholeheartedly, “at least I learned that ere the end.  May the Master ride with you.”
The conversation was interrupted as the captives were taken from the wagon bed, the bound Philosopher was laid on the altar stone while Jace was bound, hand and foot, to one of the great stones standing vigil nearby; he felt a growing sense of anticipation, as if the stones themselves watched eagerly that which was to come.  They dispatched their victim with little ceremony, filling a cup with his blood; suddenly Jace understood what they intended and nearly panicked, barely restraining that deadly light, but perhaps it was the only way to prevent so atrocious an act.
The man standing closest to the remaining captive started, he had been watching his colleagues and their grim proceedings, but Jace’s sudden movement within his bonds and the look of growing resolve in his eyes, that and the eerie glow that suddenly suffused his person, decided the man, and he clouted the boy upside the head.  The glow vanished as the boy slumped against his bonds.  The leader of the group stopped what he was doing and snarled, “what did you do that for?  I had wanted to see the horror in his eyes as we forced this down his gullet!”
The guard shook his head, “it weren’t horror that was in his eyes, sir.  He looked downright feral, ready to do something we might regret.”  He shivered, “and he started glowing.”
“Glowing?” said the leader in relief, “You did the right thing man, else none of us would now be alive!”  He smiled grimly, “it won’t be near so much fun, but at least I’ll live to see it done, but we’ll have to be careful not to drown him.”  He ordered two of his minions, “hold him!”
They held the limp boy’s head back and opened his mouth, slowly pouring a little of the blasphemous liquid into his gaping mouth.  He came awake suddenly, gasping and choking on his Brother’s blood, before complete and utter darkness was upon him and he slumped once more against his bonds.  Grinned the leader, “that was rather amusing after all.  Loose him.”
The others stared at him, said one, “if he is that dangerous, why risk it?”
Laughed the grim man, “oh, he’s not dangerous any more.  We’ll do far more than simply untie him; we’re going to set him loose in the wide world.”
“What’s the point of that?” asked the befuddled man.
Smiled the leader in malicious glee, “up until a minute ago, he had been a powerful and dangerous man, but we’ve just bereft him of everything: his power, his memory, even his name.  What could be more satisfying than to leave him a nameless boy, eking out a miserable living in some forgotten corner of the hinterlands?  Especially right under the nose of his former comrades!”  The varied minions did see the grim irony in the situation and eagerly complied with their master’s directions.  They dared not linger long even so, quickly loading up the wagon and rattling off, the boy slumped insensibly against one side of the jolting wagon box.

Girth sat out front of his dilapidated cottage, smoking his pipe and watching the hired man hoe weeds amongst the relatively vast field of beans; the pigs squealed, grunted, and argued amongst themselves in their pen, towards which the man occasionally glanced with fond pride.  It was a good life, thought he, withdrawing his pipe and exhaling deeply.
He sat up and frowned as the rattle and clatter of a wagon sounded upon the distant road, they never had traffic this far from Waymeet, or anywhere else for that matter.  Even the hired man and the pigs were curiously silent at the unaccustomed advent of strangers in this forgotten corner of the world.  The rig rattled to a halt and the occupants disembarked: four dusty men and a boy, along with two men ahorseback.  Girth stood but didn’t bother approaching the strangers, rather letting them come to him, much as a king in his own hall might await a supplicant.  They exchanged a puzzled look but made their way towards the ramshackle hut before which this insolent prince of nowhere held court.  
Said the leader of the little band, “might we have water enough to refresh our horses and ourselves?”
Girth took a deep, thoughtful draw on his pipe, “help yerself, the well’s over yonder.”
“Very well,” grated the grim man, but a slight smile curved his lips, “we’ll see to it.  I see you have quite a prodigious spread here, it must keep a man busy tending to it.”
“Aye,” said Girth proudly, blowing a ring of smoke, “don’t know how I manage sometimes, especially since my worthless son ran off to Astoria a few months back.”
“Indeed!” said the grim man, all fake compassion, “a pity that, a sturdy lad could do much to aid you in your plight.  I don’t suppose you’ve thought about replacing the boy?”
“Nay, nay,” said Girth, “hired help’s expensive.”  He pointed with his pipe at the keenly watching hired man, “that fellow there is desperate enough to work for his upkeep, I can’t afford no more.”
“Well,” said the leader, “I may have just the thing.  We picked this poor rascal up in the Wilds, all his kith and kin had been murdered and their holdings burned by bandits, whatever wasn’t stolen, that is.  He can’t even remember his name, which is probably for the best, so traumatic was the incident; they hit him upside the head and left him for dead, but he somehow managed to survive.  He would have undoubtedly starved had we not taken pity on him, but we are men of business, much like yourself, sir, and have no place for a boy among us.  This is quite providential, really, for he needs a home and you desperately need help, cheap help.  Why, it is just the thing!”
Girth scratched his ear with his pipe stem, “it may be just the thing indeed.”  He studied the boy, he was small and thin, but wiry, meaning he wouldn’t eat much but he could probably work hard.  The vacant, dull eyes spoke of a slow mind that well might be content to spend a life in such drudgery, never wanting to run off, like an unnamed son, to seek what else life might hold for him beyond pigs and beans.  “Very well,” nodded Girth, replacing his pipe in his mouth, “he can sleep in the loft in the pig shed and eat what we eat.”
“Very good,” said the leader with a grin, “we’ll be on our way then, as my companions have finished watering the beasts.”  He bowed grandly, “farewell, sir.”  Girth nodded curtly and motioned for the hired man to join them as the wagon rattled on its way.
“Take the lad and get him settled,” said Girth with a grunt, “better yet, get a few hours of work out of him first.”
The hired man studied him gravely with his far too keen eyes, but said nothing, only nodded and led the boy away.  Girth shook his head in annoyance at the delay as he resumed his accustomed chair, lazy buggers, what did he pay them for, if not to work!  
“Are you thirsty lad?” asked Kent gently, as he took the boy aside, “or perhaps hungry?”  But the boy did not answer; he only blinked dully at Kent, as if the words were incomprehensible to him.  Kent frowned in consternation, but offered him some water, which he drank automatically.  There was nothing to eat, any scraps invariably went to the pigs right after the meal, but the boy hardly seemed to notice.  Kent shook his head and took the lad by the shoulder, leading him out into the endless expanse of beans, an extra hoe propped against his shoulder.
He took up his own forgotten implement and handed the other to the boy, who took it when offered but did not seem to realize something was being asked of him.  “Like this,” said Kent patiently, demonstrating how to eradicate the weeds while sparing the struggling rows of beans.  The boy watched him blankly, making no sign that he understood, until he mimicked Kent’s actions, strangely accurate for one who seemed to have no mind of his own.  Kent nodded, “exactly, you continue here and I’ll start over there.  Let me know if you need anything.”  The boy said nothing, just continued to hoe.  Kent sighed and returned to his work, occasionally glancing in concern at the boy, but he worked with a will, neither slacking in his work nor erring in his labors.
When it grew too dark to see, Kent gathered up the boy and their hoes and turned towards the wretched building Girth called a house.  He was tired of pigs and beans, pigs and beans, nothing but pigs and beans!  He did not know what to expect on his journey, but it was not pigs and beans.  Girth ate nothing but beans and sausage, thrice a day, and was determined that his minions do the same, that or go hungry.  Kent smiled grimly, a mortal once more and one resigned to hoeing weeds and feeding pigs every tedious day for the foreseeable future.  He sighed heavily, knowing whatever his Master asked of him, it was not without purpose.  He glanced at the boy, knowing whatever had happened to the poor lad was far worse than hoeing weeds for a few months.
They put the hoes away and settled around the rickety table on various chairs, no two the same, each equally as disreputable as the house and table.  Girth plopped down a chipped bowl of sausage and stewed beans before each of them.  The boy ate mechanically, when shown what to do, but said nary a word; Kent was equally silent, eating out of hunger rather than desire, knowing Girth was not one who enjoyed a good conversation.  After the indifferent meal, Girth settled before the fire with his pipe while Kent took the boy outside to the pig shed to get him settled for the night in the loft therein.  Kent smiled wryly, wondering if their accommodations were slightly better than those of Girth himself, save for the snorting and grunting of the pigs in their sleep, that is.
They climbed into the loft, nestled down in the ancient hay, and the boy was immediately asleep while Kent was left to stare at the stars, visible through the gaps in the roof, contemplating the strange course his life had suddenly taken and if there was anything he could or should be doing about it.

Baye at last felt that he must do something or burst.  He had lingered about the keep for two full days after Jace had vanished, but nothing new had been revealed as to his fate or the intentions or identity of those who had tried to abduct the Lady.  At last he went to Jared with his unease, the Captain nodded in understanding, “why don’t you ride out to those standing stones and see what you can find?”
Baye smiled grimly, “you have saved my sanity, sir.”
Jared shook his head sadly, “nay lad, it must be done, your sanity not withstanding.  Go discover what you can of this nasty business; mete out justice if you can, for I fear a great evil has been committed.”
“And Jace?” said Baye in concern.
Jared shook his head, “we must leave him in the Master’s keeping, lad, as are we all.”  Baye nodded gravely, saluted, and went to saddle his unicorn.
He rode out to the stones, but found no glad tidings for the Lady or answers concerning Jace.  The Philosopher lay upon the altar stone, his throat cut, while a bent tin cup and some strands of darkly stained rope were all that remained as witness that the fiends had ever been there.  He dutifully buried his slain comrade and set out in pursuit of the villains, a deep and sudden loathing filling his heart and a certainty of where to find them dawned in his mind.  The unicorn screamed his disgust and they set out in swift pursuit.
The villains sat about their fire, save a man posted to watch the darkness against uninvited guests, but the only warning he gave was a strangled cry before the awful horseman was in the midst of the camp, his radiant sword dealing out death in every direction.  Baye dismounted, the radiance about him dimming slightly as he knelt beside the moribund leader, “where is the one you took?”
The mercenary laughed grimly, but began coughing as blood frothed at the corner of his mouth, “you’ll never find him.”
Baye grated, “so you did not come for the Lady then.  Who put you up to this fell deed?”
“A dark man,” said the leader in dread, “he never gave his name, just threatened to kill us if we didn’t do as we were told and offered a handsome reward if we did.”  He frowned, “never did get paid though...”  He trailed off as death lay its heavy hand upon him.  Baye stood slowly, knowing there was no more to be done, save to tend to the dead.  He smiled grimly, knowing these fiends would receive a service that they had blatantly denied the slaughtered Philosopher.  As to Jace, wherever he was, it could not be outside the Master’s keeping.  He resigned his friend to their Master and rode off into the rising day.


3

The boy woke to the squealing of pigs beneath him in the wan light of early dawn that filtered in through a roof that was more holes than not.  Beside him slept a worn man in his middle years, which the pigs soon roused with their incessant demands for breakfast.  Kent yawned widely and stretched, glancing at his young charge, who returned his gaze, his eyes full of confusion and curiosity.  Kent lowered his arms and asked, “how did you sleep?”
The boy gazed about in perplexity then looked back at Kent, “who am I, who are you?  What is this place?”  He frowned, “dreams, awful dreams, haunted my sleep.  What do they mean?”
Kent put a steadying hand on the agitated boy’s shoulder, “easy lad.  Tell me of these dreams, if you can.”  He smiled wryly, “as to who we are and what is our fate, we are temporary slaves to a man who prides himself on raising the finest pigs and beans, mind you only pigs and beans, though he himself will never lift a finger to do his own work.  Call me Kent.  Have you a name?”
The boy frowned thoughtfully, “if I have a name, I do not know it.  I know nothing before this moment, save the dreams.”  He raised haunted eyes, “awful dreams, full of death and darkness, blood and evil.”
“Easy lad,” said Kent soothingly, “visions of the night can’t hurt you.  You’ve lived through something quite awful, if those men spoke truly, and nightmares are not out of the ordinary, but come, let us go down to a filling breakfast of sausage and beans.  I need to call you something.”  His brow furrowed thoughtfully, “how about Ben?  He was my brother, and you mind me a little of him.”
The boy nodded, a slight smile on his face, “a name!  Yes, my very own name!  Thank you sir.”
“Just Kent, lad,” said he with a smile, “we are mere servants, you and I.  Let us get down before Master Girth accuses us rightfully of being ungrateful sluggards.”
“Pigs and beans,” said Ben in grim amusement as he descended from the loft and got his first look at his charges, “I do not even know if I like pigs and beans.”
Kent laughed, “it doesn’t matter, whatever your tastes, that is the only thing on the menu.”
Ben smirked, “sounds delightful, truly.”
Kent nearly fell off the ladder at the boy’s expression, it could not be!  It wasn’t, for the boy’s palm had no unicorn graven thereupon.  It was only an uncanny similarity in facial features, that was all.  Recovering himself, he said conversationally, “let us away to the palace of Master Girth.”
Ben smiled again, catching the full irony in Kent’s voice as they gazed upon a ruinous cottage as unfit for housing people as the pig shed was for swine.  Kent smiled in spite of himself, the lad was no half-wit as he had seemed but the day before.  In caution he whispered, “Master Girth thinks you quite dull, lad.  It might be to your benefit to continue the charade in his presence.”
The boy nodded, smiling slightly, “it will be amusing at least, to lead him on so.”
Kent snorted, “and we dearly need a little amusement in this place.”
“So what is it we actually do around here?” asked Ben curiously.
Kent said grimly, “we feed pigs and hoe beans, and then tomorrow we’ll do it all over again.”
“Fascinating,” said the boy, obviously far from enthused.
They entered the house, consumed their rations in silence, and then retreated to the fields for their day’s labor, after feeding the pigs of course, even as Girth settled himself in his usual place to observe said labors, quite proud of himself in having acquired such a crew, for they worked hard and didn’t eat much, relatively speaking.
At noon they stopped for more of the same and then toiled away until full dark, asked the boy as they settled into the loft for the night, “how did he cope before our arrival?”
Kent grinned, “he had a son, but the lad hied himself to Astoria as soon as he got the chance, his mother had died a few years ago and his father used him sorely thereafter, at least she could keep the man in line, though he’s stubborn as any of his pigs.”
“Astoria?” asked the boy curiously.
Kent laughed, “I forget you don’t even know your own name, how are you to know aught of geography?  Astoria is a city not far south of here and the only civilized country in our immediate vicinity.  They are renowned for their educational opportunities, available to all comers, and their dedication to truth, peace, wisdom, and justice.”
Ben smiled hopefully, “then why are we sitting here and not hard on the heels of the master’s son?”
Kent nodded, “you should probably leave tonight, if that is your goal.  Girth won’t be happy to let you go, now that he’s got hold of you.”
“What of you?” said Ben anxiously, “will you not come with me?”
Kent smiled sadly, “perhaps I’ll meet you there one day, but I must remain here for a time.”
Ben nodded resignedly, “I will wait a few more days; I don’t think I’m quite strong enough for such a journey yet, especially alone.”  He sighed, “but I’m also afraid to go to sleep.  The terrors will come!”
Kent began to sing quietly, the ancient burial hymn of the Brethren, but it was so full of hope and eager joy amidst the sorrow and grief that he felt it only fitting in the boy’s distress.  The boy was captivated from the first and was soon sleeping soundly, a peaceful smile on his face.  Kent finished his song and whispered a prayer, “watch over him, my Lord.”

Each morning found Ben more and more the boy he must once have been, but no stirrings of memory returned to him with his strength and vigor while dark visions continued to haunt his dreams; he no longer feared to go to sleep, humming Kent’s oddly mournful yet comforting song as he drifted off, that and being completely exhausted from his work in the field also helped.  
One night as they returned to the loft after yet another indifferent meal, Ben said, “I am off tonight.  Are you sure you won’t accompany me?”
Kent smiled warmly, “nay lad, our paths must now part.”
Ben gave him a great hug, smiled sadly, and vanished into the darkness with a whispered, “thank you!”  Kent gazed after him for a long time, wondering how long before his own imminent departure.
He felt something light upon his shoulder and smiled joyously as a little bird whispered, “it is time, child.”
Girth woke to find his worst nightmares come true: he would have to feed his own pigs for once, muttering about useless sons and worse than useless hired hands all the while.

Ben traveled only far enough that night to escape any search Girth might make for him; he smiled keenly, knowing Girth, he could be hiding a stone’s throw from the house and the man wouldn’t trouble himself to find his missing minion.  He rose with the dawn, sleeping outside was a vast improvement over what he had known of late, or ever, for that matter, as he still could not remember anything about his past.  He set off with joy in the morning, eager to see what this storied city might hold for him, if not a past, then perhaps a future.  Thankfully it was not a long journey, for he had no supplies or gear for such an adventure, but the weather held fair and he managed to scrounge a few berries here or nuts there.  He frowned, he seemed to know something of woodcraft though he had no conscious memory of ever having been in a forest in his life.  He shrugged, his entire life was a mystery, what was one more?
Hungry, but eager, he stood on a rise overlooking what must be famed Astoria.  Smiling broadly, he began his descent into the vale, but his joy soon turned to terror as a monstrous raven landed on a stone just before him and croaked with a voice like hate itself, “where do you think you are going, little wretch?  Do you not know you are accursed?  Set apart from mortal men to suffer and die!  Your crimes are grievous indeed, even if you remember them not!  You belong to me little fool, irredeemably, for the evil you have wrought.  Go forth, if that is your wish, but it will avail you nothing, after what you have done, there can be no forgiveness, no hope of anything but death and eternal darkness.  Rather, disappear back into obscurity like the worm you are and spend your days in useless but numbing toil!”
Ben was on his knees, covering his head in terror, for though he knew this creature to be a master of lies, was there not some truth in what he said?  There was the same dreadful feel about this evil bird as haunted his dark dreams.  Did it not prove the fiend correct?  The boy suddenly sat up and frowned, as the bird studied him with all the intensity of a thrush after a worm, said the boy quietly, “are not the best lies founded on some grain of truth?  I do not know who or what you are, or even who I am or what I might have done, but until I know of a certain, my heart tells me not to believe a word you say!  Be gone, fiend!”
With a harsh, croaking laugh, the fiend did in fact wing off, leaving Ben to continue his journey towards Astoria.  He thought he should gape in wonder at all the many wondrous sights about him, but he seemed to know this place as well as if he had been born to it.  He smiled hopefully, perhaps he could find his past here as well as his future.  The guards at the castle gates easily let him past, for he was the very image of a student come to study.  As one of the servants led him off to get him settled, he frowned thoughtfully at the lad, “do I know you?”
The boy grinned sheepishly, “I do not know sir.”
Jared continued to study him but nodded, “well, perhaps you just remind me of someone I once knew.  You’ll sleep here and have just time enough to get cleaned up before the evening meal.  You can start your classes tomorrow.”
The boy offered him a smart bow, as if he had been doing it his entire life, and said gratefully, “thank you very much, sir, I appreciate your kindness.”  Jared frowned again but nodded curtly as he walked off, racking his brain as to who this boy reminded him of.  There was certainly an odd feeling about him too, almost repulsive, but he was no undead fiend.  He froze, not knowing who this boy minded him of but knowing exactly from whence that feeling of repulsion came; he might not be a wraith in corporeal form, but he was certainly a participant in blood magic.  He dashed off to inform the Lady and then apprised Cieren and Hawk of the matter.
“Are you certain!” said the Lady with a gasp, “shall we detain him then?”
Jared shook his head, “I know nothing for certain Lady, only the feeling about him is reprehensible and akin to that which I have felt around such vile sorcerers in the past.  I thought to have Hawk and Cieren keep an eye on him, as he seems intent on posing as a Student, at least for now.”
She nodded, “very well, we will not act without just cause to do so.”  She frowned thoughtfully, “could it be Jace in disguise?”
Jared shook his head sadly, “the lad immediately minded me of someone, and I believe it to be your brother, but alas, he spoke truly when he said that he did not know if we had ever met.  Your brother could not have spoken thus, neither is he Marked as a Shadow.”  She nodded in resignation and motioned that he was dismissed, wondering all the more what had come of her brother and what strange antics were afoot in her own keep.
Jared went immediately to Hawk, who was speaking quietly to Cieren as they ate, “good,” said he, “I must speak with you both.”  He frowned, “can we find somewhere a bit more private?”  They nodded and rose, abandoning their half finished plates as they followed Jared to an empty sitting room just off the dining hall.  Said he quietly, “a new Student arrived just this evening, and when I settled him in, I felt a very distinct aura of revulsion about him.”
Hawk frowned, “a wraith in human form?”
Jared shook his head, “no, he’s quite human, at least in warmth and feeling, I can say nothing of his heart.  Rather, it is the same sensation I’ve felt in instances of blood magic.”
“What are we to do?” asked Hawk grimly, “We cannot act without knowing he is truly guilty of something.”
“I know,” said Jared just as gravely, “nor can we let him run amuck in our midst.  I’d like you and Cieren to keep an eye on him.”  He turned to the boy, “do you mind re-enrolling as a Student, lad?”
Cieren grinned, “not at all, a bit of undercover work is just the thing to keep me sharp, I’m feeling a bit dull of late.”
Jared laughed, “anything would feel dull after all the excitement Jace has put you through so early in your apprenticeship.”
“Where is he?” asked Cieren worriedly.
“I don’t know lad,” said Jared quietly, “his unicorn claims he’s vanished as entirely as Baye, yet I feel no great urging to go to his rescue as I did in Baye’s case.  We can but wait, he’s a Shadow lad, and unless he chooses to Go, no force on earth or beyond it will long keep us from our appointed duties.”  He brightened, “don’t worry, we’ll get you back in the field soon enough, whether under Jace or another mentor, we can’t have you idling about the castle forever.”
Cieren grinned at Hawk, “I do not idle sir, not in the least.”
Jared nodded, “well, that at least is a comfort.  I’ll get you settled, my dear Student, if you’ll oblige me?”
Cieren grinned the more, changed his visage to something more suitable to his new assignment, and followed Jared from the room as Hawk returned to the dining hall to attend to their forgotten plates.  As they walked, Jared said, “as you’re also a ‘newcomer,’ I’ll put you in the same room with this Ben, which leaves one empty bed in the chamber, which will undoubtedly be filled within a few days.  Hopefully before then you will have this little matter figured out.”
Cieren asked nervously, “and if I don’t?”
Jared smiled grimly, “you’ll be responsible for your new roommate’s safety, as well as for solving this mystery.”
Cieren smiled wryly, “I guess I was just complaining about getting bored.”
“Here we are lad,” said Jared with a smile, “I’ll see you about.”  Cieren bowed and then knocked upon the door, entering at a tentative, ‘come in.’
Cieren studied the room’s sole occupant with a slight grin, if this was a man steeped in the arcane arts, his unicorn was spavined mule; his smile deepened at the mental grunt of vexation his unicorn sent him at such a thought!  A small wiry boy, rather thin and wan, sat upon his bed, a book in his lap; life and humor danced in his eyes, but also some deep grief or hidden pain.  “Hello,” said Cieren awkwardly, “I guess we’ll be rooming together.”
Ben leapt to his feet, dropping his book in the process, which he retrieved with a sheepish grin, said he half apologetically, “please forgive me, I’m rather new here.”
Cieren grinned, “nothing to apologize for.  So where are you from?”
Ben gave him an odd look, “I’d rather not get into my history, at least not yet, if you don’t mind.”
Cieren nodded slowly, beginning to doubt the seeming innocence of his new roommate, now that he was close, he did feel the same aura about Ben that he felt at times and places where dark sorcery had recently been unleashed.  Changing the subject, he tried to ask nonchalantly, “so what do you hope to do in Astoria?”
Ben shrugged, laying aside his book, “I really have no idea.”
Cieren grinned in spite of himself, “is there any topic upon which we can converse?”
Ben smiled wanly in return, “anything and everything, aside from personal questions that is.”
Cieren’s brow furrowed, “are you so shy or are you a nefarious criminal trying to avoid detection?”
“It is rather an awkward situation,” said the boy pleadingly, “perhaps when I know you a bit more, I’ll be able to tell you something of it, but please do not press me for information!”
Cieren nodded, “fair enough, I am sorry to be so nosy.  I was just curious about my new roommate.”
“As am I,” said Ben enigmatically, drawing another frown from Cieren.
Desperate to find something noncontroversial to discuss, Cieren glanced at the book the boy had been reading, hoping it was a book, or at least a topic, upon which he was conversant.  His jaw dropped as he read the title, but soon mastered himself and said as casually as he could, “so you have an interest in geometry?”
Ben frowned, following Cieren’s gaze as he stared at the book, “geometry?”  Cieren pointed at the book, which should have appeared to be a text on advanced mathematical theorems to anyone not associated with the Shadow, except perhaps the Lady of Astoria and potential initiates.  Ben raised an eyebrow, “it’s a book of legends not of mathematics.  Can’t you tell the difference?”
Legends?!  What was going on?  How could someone, who felt like only one guilty of blood magic could, truly see the Legends for what they were?  Cieren was left gaping like a fish, “sorry, I just thought it was a different book at first glance.”
Ben nodded, “it is a rather fabulous history, if true!  But then, I am completely unacquainted with these Brethren and their ways, but I suppose that is part of the reason I am here.”
“What is that?” said Cieren dully, too overwrought to think coherently.
Ben smiled eagerly, “to learn all I can of the world and all it holds and discover my place in it.”
“Ah,” said Cieren in relief at hearing the truth in the boy’s words, happy that he did not seem to be hiding some nefarious plot, for uncanny auras or not, he was beginning to like the lad.
Ben yawned expansively, “it has been a rather tiring day; I think I had best get some sleep.”
Cieren nodded and began his own preparations for bed, once finished he blew out the candle and bid his roommate sweet dreams.  Came the resigned reply, “I fear that shall not be the case.”  Cieren wanted to question him further upon the matter, but dared not.  So he was haunted by uneasy dreams?  Odd, and certainly suspicious.  Cieren frowned as a familiar melody drifted to him across the room, he gaped again though thankfully it was dark and none could see the embarrassing gesture, as he recognized the burial paean of the Brethren.
Said Cieren in a stricken voice, “where did you learn that particular song?”
The hymn ended suddenly as a quiet voice whispered out of the darkness, “a friend taught it to me, it helps to drive away the evil visions of the night, or at least delays them until I fall asleep.”
“Does your friend have a name?” asked Cieren gently, sensing this was a very touchy subject.
“He called himself Kent,” said the boy.
Kent?  The Kent?  Of course there was more than one Kent in the wide world, but how many actually knew any Astorian funeral hymns?  Said Cieren in growing puzzlement, “what did this Kent do for a living?”
There came a slight chuckle, “pigs and beans, sir, pigs and beans.”  The voice sobered and Ben said quietly, “we worked together on a farm for a little while.”
“Ah,” said Cieren, obviously not understanding.
Ben seemed to hear the puzzlement in his voice, “why do you ask?  What is so significant about that particular song?”
Cieren had no choice but to answer, “it is the traditional burial hymn of the Brethren, few have heard it outside their order.”
Came the instant query, “how then do you know it?”
Cieren could not help but smile, “I have chanced to hear it on occasion.”
Ben smiled in the darkness, “so you will not tell me your history either?”
Cieren laughed, “fair is fair, sir.  I bid thee good night.”  He did not sleep however, too uneasy to settle down for the night, rather he waited until he was certain the boy was asleep and then went in search of Hawk, wishing he could simply become invisible and walk through walls like a full Shadow, but had to suffice himself with being very sneaky so that no one noticed a Student out of bed at that particular hour.  He knocked on the Swordmaster’s door and was immediately told to enter, Hawk being up, pouring over an old book.  He was not surprised to see Cieren, few others were likely to be awake at this hour and the swordmaster was not exactly a man who might be awakened for dire need of his wisdom at such an hour.
Cieren sat and told all he had heard and seen.  Hawk frowned, “that is a puzzle indeed!  There is just enough sinister or mysterious about him to make you wary, yet also an unlooked for streak of innocence, humor, and goodwill.  I don’t know what to make of it.”  
He smiled impishly and his hand began to glow, Cieren looked away in anticipation and was not disappointed when an unearthly light filled the room and Jared was suddenly proclaiming in alarm, “what is going on here?!”  As the light dimmed, he scowled good-naturedly at Hawk, “you can’t just send a note like a civilized person?”
Hawk grinned wryly, “sorry sir, but between the hour and the lad’s report, I thought you should be apprised of the situation.”
Jared shook his head in consternation, “something is certainly odd about that boy, most of it could be just coincidence, but the Legends do not reveal themselves to just anyone!  Has his sorcery corrupted the protections surrounding the books or is he somehow associated with the Shadow?”
“Could it be Jace?” asked Hawk hopefully.
Jared shook his head grimly, “nay lad, he is not Marked, which does not necessarily rule it out, but he honestly said he was unsure we had ever met.  A statement Jace could never truthfully make.”
Cieren nodded in sad agreement, certain he would know his mentor instantly, no matter what his disguise, “I’ll continue to keep an eye on him then, sir.”  He smiled hopefully, “any chance I can learn that particular skill so I can fetch the captain whenever I have need of him?”
Jared did not look amused, “you have spent too long in Jace’s company, lad, but you’ll have to wait until you’re a full Shadow for that, even then, if you summon me without need, it will not go well for you.  Now scat!”  He smiled fondly after the boy and then eyed Hawk, “mind putting me back where you found me?”  Hawk grinned and sent him away in a flash before returning to his book, but he had little attention for the tome with such a conundrum sleeping just down the hall.

Cieren snuck back into his shared room, hoping Ben had not awakened with his furtive comings and goings, relieved to see that he lay silently in his bed, Cieren settled into his own, only to have his heart nearly freeze in his chest as a quiet voice out of the darkness asked, “what are you up to?”
Cieren grinned, “secrets and all that, sorry, but I can’t tell you, not yet at least.”
Ben nodded, “fair enough, but I’d like to get a little sleep now.”
Morning found them both awake, if not exactly rested, Ben yawned as he opened the door to find a servant waiting with a schedule for each of them.  He studied the note and smiled eagerly, “it will be a full day!”
Cieren studied his note in dismay, “these are all beginner classes.”
Ben frowned, “I thought you were new to Astoria, like me?”
Cieren grinned sheepishly, “it is not as if I haven’t learned a thing or two in my life.”
That wasn’t exactly an answer to his question but he let it slide as he glanced over Cieren’s schedule, which was very much akin to his own.  Said he, “they must have a pretty generic schedule for us newcomers.”
Cieren nodded without thinking, “they assume everyone knows nothing about anything until they prove otherwise.”
Ben smiled, “and thus your schedule, why then were you so surprised?”
Cieren shook his head, “I guess I hold too high of an opinion of myself sometimes.”
Ben laughed and said, “let’s go down to breakfast, I am dying to eat something besides sausage and beans!”  Cieren frowned at him and Ben laughed, “pigs and beans, sir, pigs and beans!”  With that, he dashed from the room and ran straight for the dining hall.  Cieren could not help but smile as he followed more sedately after.  After breakfast, they both hastened out to the practice yard for their introductory sword class.
Cieren eyed his companion curiously, “you certainly know your way around the keep for a newcomer.”
Ben glanced about uneasily, “it all feels strangely familiar, but I cannot remember ever having been here.”
Hawk entered the yard and his Students immediately formed up into lines and made the appropriate bows as he said, “two new Students, eh?  Welcome!  Let’s see if you know aught of the sword.”  He handed out wooden practice swords to all of the Students, watching Ben like his namesake, smiling in spite of his concerns and the forbidding feeling that wrapped itself around the boy like a cloak.  He was truly an enigma, but a talented one at that.  Asked he in astonishment as he put the class through their paces, “have you ever held a sword before lad?”
Ben looked quite dismayed, “am I that awful sir?”
“Awful?” said Hawk in vast amusement, “you’re the best new student I’ve had in a long time.”
Ben dropped his sword, “I don’t know how that could be sir, I do not ever remember holding such a weapon.”
“Even so,” said Hawk thoughtfully, “your skill is amazing.”  He smiled eagerly, “let us see just how good you are.”  He took Cieren’s practice blade as the Students formed a wide ring around their instructor and his trembling opponent, “now,” said he, “if you don’t want a few bruises, you had best defend yourself.”  The Students were all wide-eyed, thankful that their teacher had never decided to use this particular method of instruction in their case.
Ben received a sound thwack from Hawk’s blade for not heeding his warning, only then moving into action, easily parrying each stroke and thrusting in his turn.  The match ended in a stalemate, save for that first blow, but the hour was over and the Students eager to move on to their next class, more so to tell all and sundry of the antics in the practice yard than for any other reason.  “Hold a moment, lad,” said Hawk firmly, as Ben made to quietly slink from the yard.  Cieren lingered on the edge of the yard, awaiting his roommate.


4

“Where did you gain such skill?” said Hawk, quite impressed, “a lad your age?!  It is truly miraculous.”
Ben whimpered, “I do not know sir.”
“That is impossible, yet you speak the truth,” said Hawk in consternation, “how is that possible?”
Ben looked up and said quite fiercely, “I have no memory of my former life sir; I do not even know my true name.  I awoke one morning to find myself a menial laborer for a man who knows nothing of life but pigs and beans, fled to Astoria in hopes of a future since I had no past, and thus do you find me.”  Cieren smiled broadly at this revelation of the origin of the now infamous phrase, ‘pigs and beans.’
“Easy lad,” said Hawk with a gentle smile, “I was only astounded by your skill, that is all, you are not in trouble, not in the least, but it is a puzzle indeed.  We’ll do our best to help you unlock your past, if that is your wish?”
The boy nodded, smiling slightly, “I would appreciate that, sir.”
Hawk smiled, “now off with you, ere you are late!”
Ben gasped and dashed off with a muttered, “oh no!”  Hawk went in search of Jared, this might explain much.

Jared shook his head, “we must be absolutely certain.  There is a way, but it will kill him if he is a mortal man.”  He looked at Hawk in dismay, “what happened to him, if it is him?  I saw Jace once, stricken from both the Brethren and the Shadow by the Master Himself, but he was fully in control of his faculties and was truly himself, even if he could not reveal as much to me.  To think that our enemies have the power to do likewise is appalling.  We must be sure.”  He smiled grimly, “too bad the old swordmaster has Gone; he could distinguish one man from another simply by his sword technique.”
Hawk nodded, “that is not a skill I ever hope to master, but I told him we’d try to help him discover his missing past.  Any ideas on how to do that?”
Jared smiled wryly, “I am the Captain of the Shadow, Hawk, not a psychologist.  Why don’t you ask one of the Philosophers who specializes in just such a discipline, Astoria is replete with them, Philosophers I mean, not psychologists.”
Hawk bowed, “thank you sir, we’ll get to the bottom of this.”

While Hawk was off interrogating the Captain, Cieren and Ben were barely in time for their next class, whispered Cieren mischievously as they seated themselves in the back, “it is good to know where your favorite phrase came from.”  Ben gave him an impish smile of delight, but the stern look from the Teacher at the front quickly silenced the pair.  Meanwhile, word of the boy’s mysteriously phenomenal skill with a blade quickly spread hither and yon, by lunch he was either notorious or famous, depending who you asked, but he would rather be neither, so pretended to eat his potatoes while a bevy of curious Students flocked around him.  The Brethren and servants were hard pressed to regain order and get everyone to leave the poor lad alone.
He was quite delighted to withdraw to the relative solitude of the stables where he could muck stalls in peace.  Cieren was ever at his side however, turning away would-be admirers and skeptics both, seeing how the attention overwhelmed the rather sensitive boy.  “Tomorrow is our Free Day,” said Cieren eagerly after their last class of the afternoon, “let’s get out of the city for the day.  I know a place that’s both interesting and isolated.  What do you think?”
Ben nodded eagerly, “most certainly.  He glanced about anxiously, “I need to get away from these curiosity seekers!”
Cieren grinned, “why don’t you go back to the room and bury yourself in your books while I bring you a tray from the kitchen.  I wouldn’t mind a quiet night myself.”  Ben grinned gratefully at his thoughtfulness and hastened back to their quarters, lest more curious Students descend upon them.
Cieren returned with the food and found Ben engrossed in the book of Legends, he grinned impishly as Cieren returned, “this is really fascinating stuff!  Have you read it?”
Cieren smiled slightly, “a time or two.  Where did you find it, anyway?”
Ben shrugged as he began nibbling on a sandwich, his eyes glued to the page, “it was the only book in the room when I first arrived, I suppose the last occupant left it here.”
“Perhaps,” said Cieren with a frown, “but those stories are rather far-fetched,” added he.
Ben interrupted, “but fascinating.”
Cieren continued with a grin, “yes, certainly fascinating, but a little off the wall if you are not even familiar with the Brethren in general.”
Ben looked up with a frown, “you are correct, yet not in my case.  I have no true knowledge of our hosts, yet all we learned today in class and even these strange tales, seem more a review than a novel revelation.”  He glanced back at his book, “what exactly is the Shadow of the Unicorn?”
Cieren said quietly, “I would not speak of it to just anyone, it is quite a carefully kept secret and few are privy to it.  That is why I was so astonished you were reading that particular book at first, not just anyone can read it.”
Ben frowned, “you asked me about geometry.”
“I did,” said Cieren, “for that is what most people see when they pick up that book.”
Ben suddenly dropped the book, “magic?”
“In a way,” said Cieren quietly, “perhaps more rightly called a miracle.  As magic usually has more negative connotations, most especially in Astoria.”
“Why can you read it then?” asked the boy, glancing at first Cieren and then the book uneasily, “and why can I?”
“That is a mystery I would dearly love to solve, my friend, at least in your case,” said Cieren thoughtfully, “in my own, I cannot tell you why.”
Ben laughed dryly, “secrets and all that, eh?  But how are we to unravel the mysteries of my past?  Perhaps that could tell me something of my future.  Apparently, whoever I was, I was quite a hand with a sword.  I wonder what else I can do and don’t even realize it?”  Cieren nodded but had no more answers than his companion.

The next morning dawned bright and clear as the furtive pair crept from the castle as early as protocol allowed, hoping to escape the ravenous attentions of their classmates.  The Stablemaster gave them the loan of two horses, warning them to go easy on the beasts and to have them back no later than sunset.  The lads agreed and led their mounts out into the stableyard where Cieren easily mounted while Ben looked rather uneasy, glancing at his friend he said, “I don’t know if I know how to ride a horse.”
Cieren laughed, “you couldn’t use a sword either, just get on and let’s see what happens.”  Ben nodded resignedly, but was rather astonished when he actually pulled himself into the saddle, only fumbling when his conscious mind tried to take over rather than doing it unthinkingly.  Once in their saddles, they rode out into the glorious rising day.  As they exited the city and took to the open fields, Ben began to frown and that frown only deepened as their journey continued.  “What is the matter?” asked Cieren in concern.
“I don’t know,” said Ben, “I feel as if I am living out a forgotten nightmare.”
Cieren drew rein, “one of those that still haunts you?”
Ben shook his head, “nay, it is more a dream of a dream, something that happened in another life, long ago.”
Cieren said, “we can turn around if this disturbs you.”
“No,” said Ben in grim eagerness, “perhaps this is a key to unlocking my past, let us press on.”  Cieren nodded and led onwards.  They left the horses at the edge of the woods and progressed on foot, coming to the edge of a great gorge that took Ben’s breath away, “this is beautiful.”
Cieren eyed him hopefully, “remember anything?”
Ben shook his head, “no.”  They climbed about for a while, sat and talked upon the edge, and even ate their lunch upon the verge, but memory did not stir.
At last Cieren said, “we had best be getting back or the horsemaster will have our hides.”  Ben nodded and they rode off as the sun was westering, arriving in plenty of time to please even the dour head stableman.  As they brushed down their horses, Cieren asked, “shall we dine alone tonight?”
Hawk stood in the doorway and Cieren bowed without thinking, nearly smashing his nose on the stall partition, much to the swordmaster’s amusement, said he, “actually lads, I’d like you to have a word with one of the Philosophers, an expert in matters of the mind, or as close as any man can come on such a complicated topic.”
Ben nodded eagerly, “I would like that very much, sir.”
Hawk nodded and said, “come along then; let’s see what’s locked away in that skull of yours.”  
He led them to a small room, wherein the Philosopher sat waiting for them, Hawk hesitated, but Ben insisted, “stay, if you would like, perhaps your wisdom will help us prevail in this matter.”  Hawk bowed his head in acquiescence and followed them into the room.  
The Students bowed to the aged man at the table, who studied them keenly, said he with twinkling eyes to Hawk, “is this the lad you told me of?”
Hawk nodded, “he is a phenomenal swordsman yet has no conscious knowledge of ever holding a sword before, or of much of anything for that matter.”
The Philosopher motioned for them to sit, said he eagerly, “tell me what you can lad?”
Ben nodded, glancing a little nervously at his companions, but he had trusted them this far, and didn’t exactly have any deep secrets to reveal, at least that he knew of anyway, said he, “I am afflicted with troublous nightmares, sir, of death and darkness, evil and blood.  I can see no exact images or remember any spoken words, but they feel more real than waking life, as surreal as they are.  This is my first memory ere waking to find myself a nameless laborer on a miniscule bean farm.  My co-laborer, a man who called himself Kent, said I had come to the farm the day prior, in the keeping of six rough looking men, claiming they had rescued me from a tragic bandit raid somewhere in the Wilds, and that I no longer had any kith or kin yet living.  I do not know if they spoke truly nor do I have any memory of them or any supposed history in the Wilds.  Once I had regained my strength, I fled to Astoria as soon as may be.”
“What of this Kent?” asked Hawk curiously, the Philosopher giving him a patient look for interrupting so interesting a story.
Ben continued, “I asked him to come with me, but he said we must tread different paths, he and I.  It was he that taught me that song, though it seems I had heard it before, the one that drives the dreams away, at least for a time.”
“And you have absolutely no recollection of life before the bean farm?” asked the Philosopher keenly.
Ben shook his head, “none, sir.”
The Philosopher looked at Hawk thoughtfully, “it seems a case of traumatic amnesia.  This lad endured something dreadful and his mind reacted by completely walling itself away from reality.  His personality and certain skills and knowledge can penetrate that wall and rise to the surface, but no memories dare come near that barrier, for fear of further hurt.”
“What can be done?” asked Hawk hopefully.
The man shook his head, “I am not sure anything can be done, the mind is a delicate and tricky thing, Hawk.  He may never regain his memory or it may come gradually back with time, I cannot say of a certain.”
“What of the nightmares?” asked the Messenger.
“Whatever induced the trauma is no doubt the cause of his disquiet dreams,” said the Philosopher, “his mind is in hiding, but not inactive.  What will not come during waking hours, creeps out as he slumbers.  What sort of song soothes such savage dreams?”
Hawk said incredulously, “our burial hymn.”
“Interesting,” said the Philosopher, “it is a powerful song no doubt, speaking of hope beyond all despair, life beyond death, and light beyond the passing shades of night.  It is certainly an appropriate song.”  He eyed the boy quizzically, “have you sought the Master upon this matter lad?  After all, it is of Him that the song speaks and our hope therein.”
Ben studied the tabletop, “with everything else, I really hadn’t given it much thought, sir.”  He looked up in dismay, “and what if my previous beliefs were contrary to my current ones?”
The Philosopher nodded, “understandable but unacceptable, if a cure is to be found, He alone can provide it.  Whatever went before is gone, only the present and the future remain to you, and it is what you believe therein that will truly matter.  Even a Brother who spent his entire life in service to the Master can choose to throw it all aside at the last; the same with a servant of evil who finds redemption upon the very brink of death.  Think hard and long upon this matter lad, do not wait, for it well may cost you your soul.”
Ben’s eyes were wide, “I had not thought of it that way, sir, I shall do as you ask.  Thank you for your help.”  
They stood, bowed, and withdrew as the man happily replied, “always a pleasure lad, always a pleasure.”
Hawk asked, “I hope that was helpful lad?”
Ben nodded, “very much so, but I think I had best change my reading material, and soon.”
Hawk frowned and Cieren smiled, “he’s been reading the Legends incessantly.”
Ben nodded, “I would like a copy of the Truth, if one is available?”
Hawk snorted, “this is Astoria, we have more copies of the Truth than we have people to read them.  I’ll see that you are provided with one.”  He bowed, “goodnight lads,” and hastened off to find the Captain while the boys continued on to their room.

Jared paced restlessly in his small room, “I am almost certain, but almost is not enough!  Everything fits, yet we do not know the full truth of the matter and we can’t kill a clueless boy just to find out.”
Hawk frowned, “what of this awful aura about him?  I cannot believe him guilty of blood magic, even with his missing memory; he could not have changed so radically from the boy we know him to be.”
Jared shook his head, “he could have made a horrible choice under circumstances we cannot understand or know.  Remember what Jace might have been had he not surrendered to our Master at last.”
Hawk smiled in reminiscence, keenly missing his friend, “aye, he would have made a great advisor to Ella’s father and a husband to make her proud, but I do not think he would have been content therein.”
“No,” said Jared sadly, “none can be content when they step away from the life that was intended for them, but it is ever theirs to choose, or not.”
Hawk said, “he is keenly interested in the Truth, what if he were guilty of blood magic, but earnestly sought the Master?  He could yet find redemption.  Perhaps then?”
“True,” said Jared thoughtfully, “but I’m still not going to kill him just to test my theory, even so.”  He held up his right palm and asked with a smile, “would you like a demonstration?”
Hawk held up his hands and took a step back, “um, no thanks, I’ll just be content to believe you.”
Jared smiled amusedly, “very good, keep me posted.  I shall apprise the Lady, not that I have much to tell her.”
Hawk was still standing there, a funny look on his face, “is he a potential initiate of the Shadow, able to read the Legends as he is?”
Jared snorted a laugh, “you want to lock him in the dungeon for three days and see if something happens?  If this lad is one of ours, I have had no premonitions or warnings, but I will let you know.”
Hawk sighed but saluted in farewell, “thank you Captain.”
Jared frowned, “have you asked Jace’s unicorn about the boy?”
Hawk smiled, “that’s an idea.  We’ll try it first thing in the morning, if the creature is amenable.”  His eyes appeared to be gazing at something in the far distance as he focused his mind elsewhere, returning to himself, Hawk smiled, “that he is, sir.”
Jared said in good natured exasperation, “good, now leave me in peace!”
Hawk dropped off a copy of the Truth in person, telling the boys, “I have a little escapade with which I need your assistance ere your first class.  Meet me upon the lawn at sun up.”  They exchanged a mystified but eager look then nodded their assent as Hawk withdrew, smiling.

Dawn found the three reunited on the lawn with a horse in their midst, as if the beast was a normal part of such a gathering.  Completely confounded, Ben allowed the beast to sniff, nudge, nip, and stare at him as it would; on several occasions, he thought he felt a headache coming on, but then it dissipated as quickly as it had come.  The horse snorted in disgust and Hawk let him wander out the door unaccompanied, Ben staring after in complete befuddlement.  “What was that about?” asked he.
Hawk shook his head, “just a unicorn we thought might be able to help us unlock your mysterious past, but he says your deeper mind is inaccessible to his, it is locked tight and nothing is getting in or out, save your nightmares, which rise like bubbles from something rotting beneath a fetid pond.”
Ben smiled sadly, “thanks for trying.  I may just have to resign myself to never knowing my past.”  He turned to go in for breakfast, waiting for Cieren to follow.
Cieren said, “you go ahead, I’ll be along shortly.”  Ben nodded and vanished towards the keep.  Cieren turned to Hawk and asked, “nothing even as far as smell or anything?”
Hawk shook his head, “if he is truly a Shadow, whatever his original scent, it was unmade with his mortal body.  In this guise, he is no longer the exact same physically so neither would his smell be the same.  It was worth a try, however.”
Cieren frowned, “are you saying we have no scent?”
Hawk smiled, “we are wrought of our Master’s light lad, light does not smell, unless perhaps it is vital to some part we must play or a disguise we must assume.”
The boy shook his head, “I am never going to get all this figured out!”
Hawk laughed, “that is what your apprenticeship is for, now don’t keep your friend waiting any longer.  Off with you!”


5

The day passed quietly, the furor over Ben’s peculiar sword skills had passed, especially when he was not one to make much of them himself, no one else was thus encouraged to do so.  That night after supper, he decided to withdraw to his room rather than engaging with the other Students in their evening games and conversations, Cieren followed after, no longer having much taste for such himself, having been amongst the Shadow long enough that he felt a rift slowly growing between himself and the other Students, not quite so much with his Brothers, at least not yet, but he was finding it harder and harder to relate to so-called normal folk his own age, at least on a merely social level.
Ben had been devouring passages of the Truth every chance he got, and what he heard in his classes only reinforced that which he was learning on his own.  He looked up from his reading, caught Cieren’s gaze, and said quietly, “there was one little fact I have left out.”  He continued anxiously, “but perhaps it is important, though I fear you will think me mad on top of everything.”
Cieren smiled slightly, “I have seen many strange things, it might surprise you what I will believe.”
Encouraged, Ben pushed ahead, “very well, upon my journey here, a great black raven landed before me and it spoke.”
Cieren shivered, “a great horrid bird, loathsome in every respect of the word?”
Ben frowned, “the same.  What is it?”
Cieren said in dread, “now you’re chatting with the Evil One himself?  Who are you?”
Ben shuddered, “truly?!  No wonder I thought him a liar!”
“What did he say?” asked Cieren, “Anything that might offer a clue as to who you might have been?”
Ben shook his head, “he said I was guilty of some horrid crime, of which there could be no forgiveness, that I belonged to him, regardless.”
Cieren frowned, “a lie certainly, for the only sin that is truly unforgivable is ever and anon betraying the Master, until you’ve run so fast and far that you fall headlong into the Abyss.”
Ben shivered, “but all great lies contain a seed of truth at their core.  What if he was not lying of this grave sin?”
Cieren said grimly, “you can only seek the Master and beg His forgiveness, for all you’ve done, known and unknown.”  He smiled slightly, “how goes your reading?”
Ben grinned, “I cannot get enough of it, it seems.”  He sighed heavily and looked into Cieren’s eyes, “do you really believe all this?”
Cieren smiled deeply, “with all my heart.”
Ben sat back in relief, “then I am no fool to feel the same?”
Cieren snorted, “do you think us all fools?”
“Us?” said Ben, frowning.
“The Brethren,” said Cieren with a sigh, only then realizing his mistake.
Ben was on his feet, the book dropping forgotten to the floor, “what do you mean ‘us?’  I thought you were a Student?”
Cieren said sheepishly, “technically, I’m an apprentice.”
Ben raised his eyebrows and crossed his arms, “technically?”  His eyes narrowed but a slight, knowing smile ruined the gesture, “you are one of these Shadows, aren’t you?”  His smile deepened, “so is the swordmaster.”
Cieren said dryly, “you are a quick one; what gave us away?”
Ben shrugged, “a comment here, something that was not said there.”
“You can’t spread what you’ve seen, heard, or read abroad,” said Cieren in warning.
“I won’t,” said Ben easily, “I want to be part of it.”
“What?!” said Cieren in dismay, “you can’t just demand to become one of us, it is a Calling, not an occupation one is free to choose, or leave, at will.”
Ben sighed heavily and sat upon the bed, “I suppose not, but it all seems so exciting and mysterious, and somehow it just feels like what I was born to do.  Perhaps I must suffice myself with asking the Lady’s permission to join the Brethren.”
Cieren nodded, “that is a start, my friend.  It is not to say that you will never be Called into this service one day.  But until then, please do not betray our secret.”
“Of course not,” said Ben quietly, “I would never blackmail you into accepting me, not that that would work anyway.”  He frowned, “so what are you doing pretending to be a Student who fortuitously happens to be my roommate?”
Cieren nodded proudly, “you are quick,” but soon sobered, “there is a feeling about you, an uneasiness that speaks of a great evil being done.”
“A great evil,” whispered Ben in dismay, “what have I done?  Perhaps I am not the victim but rather the perpetrator?  I committed a crime so heinous that my mind shut down, refusing to acknowledge it.”
“That’s one theory, perhaps,” said Cieren with a frown, “but who were those men you were with?  They did not seem overly concerned about your welfare, abandoning you as they did.”
“Mercenaries,” came a grim voice from the doorway as Baye came all the way in and shut the door behind him.
Ben looked ready to run upon sighting the stranger and wondering what he had overheard, though there was no escape handy, but Cieren smiled broadly in welcome, “relax Ben, he’s part of the Shadow.”  He turned curious eyes upon the Messenger, “what do you know of them, Baye?”
Baye studied the still uneasy, but no longer panicky Ben, said he quietly, “I tracked down the men who fled the keep in possession of two of our comrades.  One they murdered to fuel their fell machinations, the other I have yet to track down,” he eyed Ben keenly, the boy suddenly very interested in the floor.  Continued he, “I tracked down the villains behind the plot but could not find their last hostage.”
Cieren tried to explain, “he has no memory of anything; we aren’t even certain who he is.”
Baye nodded grimly, “if they did to him what I think they did, no wonder!”
“Come lads, we will get to the bottom of this, now!” he stood and they had no choice but to follow, direct order as it was, Ben wishing to sink into the floor with every step.  This could not be happening!  
He might have flown that very moment but he felt a firm hand on his shoulder, Baye peered down at him with genuine concern, “easy lad, all will be well.”
“You don’t know that,” said he wretchedly, “you have no idea what it is I might have done!”
Baye snorted grimly, “trust me, I have seen such a scene more than once in my life, never perhaps as ghastly as this one, if my suspicions are correct, but this is nothing new to me, lad.  Come along.”
Cieren gaped at their destination, “the dungeons?!”
Baye said quietly, “take him into the room at the very back and stay with him, I’ll get Jared and Hawk.  Is Adan here?”  Cieren shook his head, Baye nodded, and they parted company, Ben wondering if this night could get any more dreadful.
He looked at his friend morosely, “what is to come of me?”
“I think,” said Cieren grimly, “Baye intends to either kill or cure you.”
“No!” said Ben, “I might be a fiend of the worst sort, but I will not have justice meted out ere the crime is known!”  He took off at a panicked run with Cieren in hot pursuit, his unnatural speed easily catching up with the fugitive.
Cieren said not ungently, “we need to listen to Baye, my friend.”
“Friend!” gaped Ben, “What kind of friend leads another to his death?”
Cieren said wryly, “you might be surprised.”
Ben sighed heavily, “I don’t have any choice, do I?”  He brightened but only from utter despair to grim resignation, “perhaps we could settle this via a duel?”
Cieren shook his head, he had heard the tales of his mentor’s fondness for such an ending, said he quietly, “not this time.”
Ben frowned, “this time?”
Cieren snorted a laugh, “if you are who we suspect, you’ve done just that more than once.”
“You think I’m one of the Brethren, that missing captive?” said Ben aghast, “Then I’ve certainly done something to break Oath, this only confirms everything!”  He sighed heavily, “then let me face the justice due me.”  He frowned, “then how is it you do not recognize me?”
“Whatever has happened,” said Cieren quietly, “has altered your appearance utterly, if you are who we suspect.”
“The unicorn!” said Ben in dismay, “He is the missing man’s mount and even he does not know me.”  He brightened slightly, “then perhaps I am not him.”
Cieren said, “perhaps not, but Baye suspects his mercenaries to be the same that brought you to that dreadful little farm.”
Baye approached with all haste, “what are you two doing out here?”  He softened his tone as Ben flinched, “he panicked.”
Cieren nodded, “wouldn’t you?”
Baye smiled grimly, “aye, that I would: suspected of some heinous crime and fearing death at the hands of those that should be my saviors.  Easy lad, it is not what you think.  We go below only because this could be messy and we don’t need inadvertent witnesses.”
Ben frowned, “Shadow business?”
Baye eyed Cieren sternly, “I thought you said he knows nothing?”
Cieren laughed dryly, “he doesn’t but his wit is as sharp as ever, if he is who we hope.  He figured it out on his own.”
“Who you hope?” said Ben with suddenly eager eyes, “You are this man’s friends then?”
Baye clapped him on the back, “aye lad, and we miss him dearly.  Will you help us find him?”
Ben nodded, now too curious to back down.  They led him deep into the dungeons, locking the doors behind them.  The small room at the back was rather crowded with Hawk and Jared there, but they refused to be left out.  Neither would Cieren or Baye leave when Jared warned, “this may be rather uncomfortable for all of you, if he agrees to go through with it.”  He eyed Ben gravely, “Baye’s testimony makes it highly likely that you are our missing comrade.  There is a way to find out, but if I am wrong, you will not survive the process.  Are you willing to endure that risk?”
Ben shivered, “but if I am your missing Brother, does that not mean I am guilty of some awful crime and therefore broke Oath?”
Jared frowned at Baye, “you have not told him what you suspect?”
Baye grinned sheepishly, “I haven’t exactly had the chance, sir, nor is it a subject one seeming stranger tells to another.”
Jared nodded, “fine, I shall apprise him of it, or at least our theory.”  He turned to Ben with gentle eyes, “we do not think you are the perpetrator of a crime lad, but are rather the victim of the most heinous sort of blood magic.  We suspect you not only to be our missing Brother, but also a Shadow, though you have been stripped of everything: memory, the Brethren, the Shadow, by what they did to you.”  
He turned grim eyes upon Baye, who finished for the Captain, “they slaughtered a Philosopher, an old acquaintance of yours actually, if you are truly who we think you to be, like a sheep and took his blood in a cup.  I think they forced you to ingest it.”
Ben’s eyes were wide in both horror and wonder, that he might actually be part of this intriguing Shadow, and have a place and a name and a purpose and folk who cared about him, but to be the victim of such a dreadful act, was unthinkable.  Hawk and Cieren wore looks of absolute horror, confirming Ben’s suspicions as to the grievousness of the crime.
He sighed heavily, met Jared’s eye, and said, “very well, I will risk it.  I can’t bear to go on living, not like this, not knowing.  You are very certain I am who you take me to be?”
Jared nodded gravely, “aye lad, more certain than ever.”  He turned grim eyes on his comrades, “this is your last chance; this will not be pleasant; I don’t get to pick and choose whom this affects!”  No one moved and Jared said with a smile, “well lad, the Shadow stands by one another.  If I am wrong, have you made peace with the Master?”  The boy nodded as Jared raised his right hand, and said in a voice of command, “reveal!”
Ben saw a silver unicorn on the man’s palm radiate a deadly fire as all those about him suddenly clutched at their hearts, as if in great discomfort, and then gasp as they fell to their knees; that was the last thing he remembered, for his skull suddenly felt as if it had been split open and carrion fowl were fighting over its contents, even as he felt the light intensify to such a point that he knew his physical being could not withstand that radiance.  So it was that Ben was consumed utterly by that awful light, and as he was unmade, Jace blinked back to conscious awareness.
The light began to fade as Jared sent a stabilizing pulse into one prone form after another and each Shadow regained control of himself and stood, gazing with hope and fear at the unbearable light in the center of the room.  Jared sent a pulse of light into the formless entity and at last it drew itself together, into something vaguely human.  Another stabilizing pulse from the Captain revealed a horrified creature that was certainly Jace, save in a state of utmost revulsion at what had been done to him.  His comrades each laid a comforting hand upon him and added their own light to the Captain’s, immediately calming the distraught Shadow.  He blinked dazedly and rose from his terrified crouch, smiling up at Cieren, quoth he, “pigs and beans, sir, naught but pigs and beans.”
Baye shook his head in feigned dismay, “that’s Jace all right.”  Everyone burst into joyous laughter and soon engulfed their sundered friend in many exuberant greetings.
At last fending off the frenzied horde, Jace brushed something that suspiciously resembled tears from his eyes, but we all know a Shadow does not cry, so we shall never know the true significance of this peculiar occurrence, said he with a broad smile, “it is good to be back, my friends.”
Cieren grinned, “I was growing rather fond of poor Ben, alas that you had to make an end of the unfortunate fellow.”
“But you forget,” said Jace with his own grin, “it was the Captain that did the fell deed and the lot of you who talked the poor lad into going through with it.”  His smile softened and his eyes grew mysteriously moist once more, “for that I thank you.”
Baye laughed, “it was a completely selfish action lad, you need to pull your own weight around here, not go lollygagging off whenever it suits you.”
“I see,” said Jace, grinning again, “well, I suppose we had all best be about our duties.”
Cieren frowned, “one question, if I might?”
Jace eyed him with a patient smile, “yes, but don’t forget you are the apprentice again, not the learned sage.”
Cieren grinned sheepishly, but asked boldly, “was it our Kent you met on that obscure pig farm?”
Jace nodded, “could it have been any other?”  Cieren’s face fell and Jace laughed, “you fear to spend your own journey hoeing beans likewise?”
The boy nodded grimly and his elders shared an amused laugh, as Jared said with a smile, “don’t worry about that, lad.  Everyone goes through something different, for no two journeys are the same; maybe you’ll get to hoe turnips instead.”  Cieren did not seem at all amused, but the others certainly were.

All mirth suddenly ceased and there was no more thought of their duty, for a great awe suddenly fell upon them all, as did an utter silence, which was at last broken with a triumphant summons, “Come!”  The chamber filled again with a deadly radiance, but there were none left to witness the phenomenon.
The light dimmed and they found themselves seated upon a terraced hillside with a mossy dell before them and ancient trees spreading their branches in splendid arches overhead.  Adan and Kent had joined the party, blinking in wonder and confusion with the rest of the gathered Shadow.  The Great Unicorn paced, snorted, and reared before the gathered Shadow, joyous as the dewy morn about them.  He paused in His cavorting, gazing upon His servants with joy in the morning, “welcome children, you have come to stand witness today at the end of a tribulation that has tried some of you sorely, but you have come through it the stronger.  Now let My Enemy give an account of himself.”
As He spoke the last, a great raven appeared with an indignant squawk, perching on a stone in the center of the dell and quite befuddled as to his presence there.  One look at who else occupied the glade and his indignation turned to fury, but with no little fear in the mix, croaked he, “what is the meaning of this?”
The Unicorn looked at him patiently, “it is ended.”
“What is ended?” asked the creature insolently.
“Your attempts to destroy, corrupt, and undermine My Shadow are now at an end,” said He with a flick of His tail, “they shall again be beyond the reach of your foul sorcery to touch, enslave, bind, or imprison.”
“It is not fair!” whined the bird, “Why do your pets have such protections?  I was just beginning to have fun with the idea!  Who knows what might have happened next?”
“Me,” said the Unicorn dryly, “but it shall not come to pass, for the time of your meddling in this matter is at an end.”  He grew grim indeed, “and as to fair, who are you to speak of fair?  I have been more than ‘fair’ in even allowing you as much power and freedom as I have, though it was mankind’s weakness that allowed you to touch this world in the first place, yet never will you be satisfied, not even could you throw Me down and raise yourself in My stead, even then you would be discontent and ill at ease, for none can find Joy and Peace without Me.  I allowed this little trial to test and strengthen My servants, not for your amusement as you so boldly assume.  Enough.  Be gone!”
The bird opened his mouth to protest, but with those final words he vanished, for what He spoke Was.  He turned to the gathered Shadow as He tossed his head and screamed triumphantly, “one day that fiend will be permanently cast into the Abyss and the world restored to what I meant it to be, but until that Day, continue to ward My world against his plots and minions.  He calls himself the prince of this fallen sphere, but he is merely a usurper and a despot, content to play at being king until the True King returns.”  They rose as one with an eager shout as their Master reared His joy and loosed His terrible light.

The light receded again and the five found themselves again in the dank back room of the dungeons, silent in their wonder and joy.  Jared at last spoke, though it was a bitter struggle to destroy that glorious silence, “you have your orders, from the King Himself!  Off with you!”  They exchanged a wondrous smile and immediately cloaked the light that still radiated from their beings and prepared to return to the world they were charged to protect.
Baye put a firm hand on Jace’s shoulder, “not so fast lad,” said he with a grin, “you are still missing, remember?”
Jace nodded sheepishly and shifted once more into ‘Ben,’ said he, “how long am I to remain a Student?”
Jared said dryly, “until you learn to be sensible, at least.”
Baye quipped, “then he’ll be a Student until the Day.”
“I am to be apprenticing with a fellow Student?” asked Cieren in consternation, “This is really becoming complicated.”
Jared grinned, “what is so confusing about a Shadow impersonating a Student while mentoring an Apprentice with a similar affectation?”  
They all laughed at this, but then Hawk shook his head, “good night my friends.”  He then vanished from sight and presumably returned to his quarters.
Baye nodded, “Hawk has the right idea.”  He glanced warmly at Jace, “I am off again, farewell lad!”  Jace smiled his farewell as Baye vanished as well.
Jared studied his remaining underlings with a frown, “now what to do with the pair of you?  Word of this will undoubtedly spread, but to minimize the gossip and questions, you two might have to bear the brunt of the infamy.  Sneaking about in the dungeons at this hour?  Why, it is unthinkable!”
Jace bowed contritely but his impish smile ruined the effect, “forgive us, sir.  We are at your mercy.”
“Very well,” said the servant, barely mollified, “perhaps a month of extra kitchen duty will suffice?”
Cieren groaned, “I’d rather hoe turnips.”
“Not yet you don’t,” said Jace with a merry laugh, “Can my apprentice do my share?”
“Certainly,” said Jared with a smile, as Jace nodded triumphantly and Cieren drooped, but he was not finished, “and you can do his, as helpful as you are.”
Jace laughed dryly, “I suppose that is an order?”  Jared nodded and Jace smiled broadly, “it is good to be back, sir.”
“Off with you now, you scamps!” said Jared with a grin, “The Lady will certainly hear of this.”  The pair exchanged a smile and dashed out of the dungeons, trying their best to look chastened and contrite.  As Jared emerged, he called after them, “stay where you belong, you rascals!”  A passing servant watched with interest as Jared barely restrained his triumphant smile before nodding at his comrade in passing and going directly to the Lady, but not to tattle on their misdeeds in the dungeons.
For anyone else, she would not likely have held an audience at that hour, save perhaps in a dire emergency, but Jared was not one to ask for an idle interview.  She sat quietly in a chair before the fire in her chambers and motioned for him to sit in the chair opposite.  Said she in some concern, “what grim news do you bear this time, sir?  I hardly dare speak with you of late, for fear of what ill tidings you bring.”
Jared bowed and seated himself, saying once he was settled, “fear not Lady, for once I bring good news.  We have both found your brother and unraveled the disturbing mystery surrounding Ben.”
She sighed in relief, “they are one and the same then?  And you have rectified the matter?”
Jared smiled proudly, “aye madam, he is himself again, though still guised as a certain enigmatic Student.”
She raised an eyebrow, “is he to die tragically or will he quietly withdraw from his studies here?  Perhaps he and Cieren will run off to join the gypsies or to catch a griffin?”
Jared chuckled, “neither, my Lady.  They will continue on in their present circumstances for a little while at least, for there is undoubtedly some small matter to which they must attend, that and your brother has been through a very trying time of late and is not yet quite ready to be sent back to the field, even if he does not know it himself.”
She nodded sadly, “what happened to him?”
Jared grimaced, “I dread to even tell you Lady, for I cannot imagine a worse insult to a Shadow.”
She nodded gravely, “I understand, but my imagination will come up with a thousand equally reprehensible scenarios if you do not tell me outright, call it morbid curiosity or merely concern for my own mental stability, but he is as much my servant as yours.”  She smiled ironically, “at least in theory.”  Jared told her.  “That is awful!” said she in dismay, “and will it be so easy to destroy the Shadow?”
Jared shook his head, “nay Lady, the Master Himself has forbidden that it, or anything like it, ever be carried out against us ever again.”
She sat back in her chair as if she had just had news of the sudden and unexpected death of one close to her, “no wonder his mind revolted and went underground!  Will he recover?”
Jared nodded, “he has endured much, my Lady, but the Master’s grace is truly sufficient.  It will take him some time to deal with it, but he will come out the stronger for it.”
She frowned, “but will he let himself deal with it as he must?  Knowing him, he’ll bury it, ignore it, or pretend nothing is wrong.”
Jared said grimly, “he won’t be leaving Astoria until he has dealt with it.  Baye jokingly suggested he’d remain a Student until the Last Day, and he well may be right.”
She smiled warmly, “at least he has you and the others to look after him.”  She smiled wryly, “it would probably do no good for me to order him to deal with it?”
“Nay Lady,” said Jared with a smile, “that would only make it worse.  Too bad we can’t just plunge him into a gorge again and be done with the matter.”  She smiled wanly at him as he made his farewell bows and withdrew from her presence, leaving her to stare into the fire, seeking answers that would not be so easily found therein.


6

Once they were alone in their room, Cieren said quietly to Jace, “it cannot be that easy, can it?  To recover from such a trauma?”
Jace studied the boy for a long moment, “you have a great heart Cieren, and I appreciate your concern for both ‘Ben,’ and for me.”  He shuddered involuntarily at this sudden reminder of that which he had endured, “the Master can heal all wounds lad, you must remember that.  Some He heals instantly but for others it is a long, painful process.  I have high hopes that this is the former rather than the latter, but I shall deal with it as I must.”
This was not quite an answer but Cieren feared to press Jace further that night, said he with a yawn, “perhaps a good night’s rest would do us both good.”
Jace smiled sadly, “you rest lad, I need to walk.”
Cieren frowned and was about to protest that ‘Ben’ must not be seen out of bed at such an hour, for they were in enough trouble as it was for their supposed foray into the dungeons, but when Jace suddenly vanished, the lad shut his mouth abruptly, smiled ruefully, and rolled over in his bed, hoping sleep would come after such an eventful evening.
Jace betook himself to the great lawn, which was bright in the moonlight.  There in the guise of an anonymous Brother, he met an old friend, one quite anxious to know he was truly himself again.  Suddenly he was on his knees, weeping like a child, and the unicorn was immediately lying beside him, the bold warrior sobbing upon his shoulder.  Morning found them thus: the unicorn protectively curled around his sleeping master, daring any foe, physical or emotional, to disturb his exhausted slumber.
Hawk approached, anxious about his friend, said he to the creature, “he will be late for class if he does not waken soon.”  He smiled wanly, “he is in enough trouble as it is with last night’s ‘adventure’ in the dungeons.”  The unicorn snorted his disgust, could the man not see Jace was in no shape to attend to his usual routine?  Hawk nodded, “I understand your concern, remember he is my friend too, but it would do him no good to relieve him of his duties while he deals with this matter.”  The unicorn blew out his nostrils in disgust at Hawk’s all too correct assertion, the fool man would go mad if he was not busy with what he thought was his duty.  He snuffled his friend’s ear and the man awoke with a start.  Hawk vanished from sight ere he woke, knowing Jace would not take his presence well; he would not appreciate being so fussed over or in being seen in such a vulnerable position.
Jace glanced about blearily, wondering for a moment what was going on.  The unicorn nuzzled him again and a pulse of light passed between them, clearing the man’s hazy mind and sluggish thoughts.  He gasped as he looked towards the east to determine the hour, “I’m going to be late!”  He stood but turned grateful eyes upon the unicorn, “thank you, my friend!  Sometimes I think you understand me better than I understand myself.”  He chuckled warmly when the creature asserted that this was only common sense.  He gave the creature a final smile and dashed off, hoping he would not be late.
But he was, which on top of everything else, was proving to be quite a scandal.  He had never been reprimanded in his own Student days, so it was rather a shock to be so chastened as not only a Brother but most especially as a Shadow.  His behavior was considered so out of control that both he and Cieren were called to give an account of themselves before one of the Teachers who sat upon the Council of Six.  The man paced aggrievedly before them as they sat hunched in their chairs, Cieren with actual fear and contrition, Jace with his own anxieties; his own sister had once had him executed, there wasn’t much a mere Councilor could do to intimidate him, but he could not so easily dismiss his own inner turmoil.
“This is outrageous!” continued the incessantly pacing man, “This behavior must stop or the Lady will hear of it and our only option may be to banish you utterly from Astoria!”  Jace perked up with the last remark, yes, banishment might be just the thing, then he could get back to work and away from all these tumultuous feelings.  The Teacher stared at him aghast, “you want us to banish you?”
Suddenly remembering his place, he looked at the floor abashedly and said, “sorry sir, I was just thinking of something else and...”
The man cut him off, “that is another thing, boy, what is this I hear of you having no memory of anything yet you have the skill of a master swordsman?”
Jace gaped, unsure what to say for a moment, but replying openly, “such was the case sir, but I have since recovered my memory.  I apparently had the privilege of private sword lessons from a very young age, that and a natural skill.”
“I see,” said the man, though he certainly did not, “it has been suggested that you both receive extra kitchen duty for the next month as just recompense for your behavior, a punishment which is both fitting and perhaps beneficial to your moral development.  Consider this your last warning, should anything happen in the next two months you will be speaking directly to the Lady upon this matter.  Am I understood?”  They both nodded and he at last ceased his pacing, “very well, you are excused.”  They made their bows and literally fled the room as he shook his head morosely after the renegade pair, wondering what the world was coming to, forgetting that it had always been thus, it was only his perception of it that had changed, for he could not remember ever actually having been a child or even a young man, perhaps he had not.

“Kitchen duty!” said Jace morosely, “Have I not more important things to be about?”
“No,” said a stern voice at the end of the corridor.  The pair looked up in surprise to see Jared standing there, his arms crossed and a grim look on his face, “this is your appointed duty at the moment and you will act accordingly.  Am I understood?”
Glancing about anxiously lest another inadvertent witness see things he should not, Jace nodded, “yes sir, understood.”
Jared’s smile softened, “very good lad, now off with you before you earn yourself yet another month’s worth of chores for being late.”  The ‘Students’ exchanged an aghast look, hurried off a salute, and dashed down the hall, Jared smiling and shaking his head behind them.  What ever was he to do with that pair?  With an amused snort, he returned to his duties.
As they finished their midday meal, Jace studied his revised schedule and glanced at Cieren’s, two of their usual classes had been replaced by kitchen chores, meaning their entire afternoon would be thus consumed for the foreseeable future.  Said Jace wryly to his apprentice, “sorry to get you into this.”
Cieren smiled wholeheartedly, “it is just good to have you back.”
“Have him back?” came the quizzical voice, “Where’s he been?”  They turned anxiously to discover who it was that was listening unbidden to their conversation this time; a stocky boy in the uniform of a Student stood at Cieren’s shoulder, smiling curiously, “Griselda sent me to find you two, she doesn’t think you’ll come of your own accord, renegades that you are.  At least those were her words.”  He grinned cheekily, “personally, I find you a little puzzling and rather fascinating.  Oh, I’m Eric, by the way, and you never did answer my question.”
Jace could not help but smile at this bold, cheerful lad who could not seem to stop talking, “you never gave me a chance!  But as to his comment, I have my memory back; I remember who I am.”
“Sorry!” said the boy abashedly, “my mother claims that she sent me here just to have some peace in the house.  Congratulations on your recovery, though.  Come, Griselda doesn’t like laggards.”
Jace smiled wryly, “a truer word has never been spoken.”  They rose and hastened after the irrepressibly blithe youth, exchanging an amused grin as they ran.
Griselda met them at the kitchen door and sent Eric back to his chores before marching her new conscripts up against a wall and making them stand stiffly at attention while she paced before them, ladle in hand as a General might hold his quirt.  Said she with a voice that brooked no nonsense, “while you’re soldiers in my kitchen, you will arrive early and conduct yourselves in a manner befitting your station and mine.  You will do as you’re told, when you’re told, with no shenanigans or griping.  Am I understood?”  They saluted as smartly as if she were the Captain of the Shadow himself.  She nodded gravely, “then to war!”
And war it was: a constant battle against filth and grease and grime, and an endless army of dishes against which they must fight ceaselessly.  Jace found himself cutting vegetables for the evening stew as Griselda kneaded bread adjacent to him.  Said she, more for her own benefit, “it is hard to believe he’s gone.”  Jace looked up, a question in his eyes, she smiled sadly at him before dropping her gaze to her kneading, “my master, I suppose you never met him?”
Jace said quietly, “indeed I did, he was good man, wise and with a great heart.  The world is a poorer place without him.”
She smiled at him wanly, heartache and grief plain in her eyes, “aye lad, aye.”  Jace found himself tearing up and turned aside to hide his own reaction.  She was at his side in a moment, this grizzled old dame with her calloused hands and deadly aim with a ladle, holding him tight about the shoulders and whispering, “it is all right to cry lad, don’t bottle it up or keep it in else it will turn to bitterness and despair, and he wouldn’t have it so.”  She laughed, though it was a weak and brittle thing, “I do believe he’d laugh at us, vastly amused at such carrying on.”
Jace smiled at her through his own sobs, “that he would madam, that he would.”
They returned to their work, as sensible people ought, though she occasionally shared this or that about her late master, Jace nodding and smiling in answer, giving an infrequent comment of his own.  Thus did their toil and the day pass rather pleasantly; Jace was rather surprised to find Cieren waiting impatiently for him to finish his last task that they might go to dinner.  He bowed deeply to Griselda in farewell, “thank you madam, it has been a most remarkable day.”  
She even dropped him a little curtsy at his formal tone and smiled like a girl after her first, unexpected kiss, “that it has, lad, that it has.”  Eyeing Cieren, who smiled sheepishly, she grew stern, “until tomorrow.”  They made the proper courtesies and hastened from the kitchen, not wishing to press her further.
Said Cieren as they jogged into the dining hall, “what did you do to Madam Griselda?  She was almost pleasant!”
Jace grinned, “she is not so hard hearted and dour as she pretends to be.” His countenance grew somber, “we found a mutual topic of interest in her late master.”  The boy nodded, remembering the tales he had heard of that particular adventure, but he remained silent, sensing his mentor was lost upon the paths of memory.  They took their plates to a relatively abandoned corner and ate in silence, Jace quite introspective and very unlike his usual self.  Cieren smiled hopefully, perhaps he would allow himself to mourn as he must rather than pretending nothing was amiss.
Their reverie was not to remain unbroken however, for Eric found them soon thereafter, his buoyant presence a ray of sunshine in Jace’s overcast musings.  Said the boy without preamble, “hello lads!  Might I join you?”  Not waiting for an answer, he soon seated himself and continued to chatter on about this or that, like a finch in a bush that refuses to either sing or remain silent.  Jace gave Cieren a wryly amused look but let the lad prattle as he would, for it seemed he truly required no response nor expected any; it was a welcome distraction from his own uneasy musings.  He had no heart for the after dinner conversations and games, but rather withdrew to the library, followed by Cieren and the enigmatic Eric.
Said Eric as they settled in a quiet corner of the nearly abandoned room, “now you must tell me your tale.”  He blushed like a sunset, “and I’ll even give you the chance to speak, for a little while at least.”
Jace studied the boy keenly, so intently that he dropped his head abashedly and studied his ever shifting feet, said the Messenger quietly, “what would you know of me?  My tale is long, convoluted, and strange,” he smiled dryly, “and I doubt you could hold your tongue for even half the telling.”
Eric shrugged uneasily, “where you come from, how you came here, whence comes your phenomenal skill with a blade, what happened to your memory.”
Jace smiled wanly, “everything and then some, it seems, very well.  I am a disgraced nobleman’s son, that should give you an idea of why I am here and whence cometh my rumored abilities.  As to my memory, I suffered through a horrid trauma, one I am not yet able to speak of without great agony of heart and mind; it was so awful that I truly forgot who I was.  Please do not ask more of me!”  Such was the pain and grief in his answer that Eric was actually silent in shock and pity, nodding his agreement.  After an interminable and awkward silence, Jace brightened slightly and asked of Eric, “what of you?”
This was the opening the garrulous but lonely boy, whose talkative nature tended to drive away even the best natured individuals if they were possessed of functioning ears, needed and he pressed on with all enthusiasm, until it was time for all good Students to be abed.  Cieren gazed pleadingly at his mentor, who nodded wryly, “aye, a good night’s sleep is probably what I need.”  They stood and returned to their respective rooms, Eric wild with joy at having found such accommodating companions; dare he call them friends?
Jace said quietly as they settled themselves for the night, “this may be a longer and more unpleasant process than I had hoped at first, lad, you might want to petition Jared for a mentor who is less indisposed.”
Cieren smiled broadly, “I’d rather stick it out, sir, if I may?  Hawk oversaw my apprenticeship while you were missing, and I cannot tell you how glad I am to have you back.”
Jace smiled at him warmly, “thank you for your support and friendship, I will need it in the days to come.”  His tone became dry, “just remember, I did offer you a way out.”
Cieren threw a pillow at him and then dove under his covers, which did little to protect him from the incoming return of his own missile.  It could not be helped, this unprovoked attack could not go unrequited, thus was war declared and a battle ensued, though neither party could be declared the winner as it was broken up by two rather disgruntled apprentices.  Cieren groaned in dismay but Jace could not control his laughter, drawing stern looks from the apprentices, one of which cautioned, “the Lady will hear of this no doubt, especially as the two of you are in enough trouble already.  Now go to sleep and we will deal with this matter on the morrow.”

As promised, first thing in the morning the matter was addressed by the Lady herself.  The boys were roused from their beds ere the sun by a stern but not unamused Jared, said he, “you are in for it now, you rascals.  Get up and dressed, you have an audience with the Lady.”  He eyed Jace with a grim smile, “may the Master have mercy upon you.”
They traversed the halls in silence, all trying valiantly to maintain a contrite or grim expression until they reached the safety of the Lady’s audience chamber, though few summoned to such an audience throughout Astoria’s history ever thought of it in such terms.  Jared knocked, announced them, and withdrew to wait without, should the Lady have need of him as Captain of the Shadow.  The Lady sat in her chair, fighting desperately to keep from laughing in both amusement at their predicament and joy at having her brother returned to her.  After they had made the proper courtesies she did not bother to hide her mirth any longer and burst asunder with laughter.  Seeing the Lady so out of sorts was initially quite a shock to their sensibilities but soon became a source of relief and vast amusement.
As her giggles subsided, she rose and embraced her errant brother, said she with a joyful tear escaping down one cheek, “it is good to have you back, Jace.”  She smiled wryly, “even if you are the most atrociously behaved of my current Students.”  They shared another laugh at the irony of the situation.  As they managed to contain their mirth, she sobered, “a pillow fight, truly?”
Jace, a slight smile twitching at the corner of his otherwise bland expression, said with a bow, “it could not be helped, my Lady.  It was an unprovoked act of hostility and had to be dealt with.”
“I see,” said she with a patient smile, “but I still must do something about this grievous breach of protocol.  You’re already scheduled to spend the rest of your mortal days in the kitchens, so more chores are out of the question unless I want to put you on staff.  What is to be done?  Banishment, a lashing, and imprisonment all seem a little harsh.”
Jace smiled in that way that annoyed her so much, “you could just have us executed.”
She snorted in amusement, “any time you feel like publicly murdering someone again, I’d be happy to oblige you.  Now how about a reasonable suggestion?  I know any punishment will be utterly futile in improving your reprehensible behavior, but I must at least keep up appearances.”
A knock sounded at the door and the Lady frowned at this interruption, “who is it?”
Baye peeked in, “is this a bad time?”  Her eager smile was enough to intimidate even so renowned a warrior.  Continued he, “perhaps I could come back later.”
“You’re just the man I need,” said she with a feral grin, “come in and help me think of a punishment befitting these two reprobates.”
Baye grimaced but entered, shutting the door firmly behind him, after the proper courtesies were observed he stood next to his juniors in the Shadow and asked, “what is the crime?”
Said she far too gravely, “a pillow fight.”
“Ah,” said he, just as grimly, “a serious charge indeed.  And I suppose they already have a full schedule in the kitchens?”  She nodded.  He sighed heavily and shook his head, “usually a public lashing and a year in the stone quarries would suffice for so grievous a crime, but such hardened criminals would only lapse into recidivism.  It must be exile.”  They all frowned at him in consternation, at which he chuckled warmly, “aye Lady, that is precisely why I am come.  I thought my duty lay elsewhere, but it seems it has brought me home once more.  Make it a temporary exile, say a week or two, in the hands of one of your sternest Messengers; that should wake these two up to the precariousness of their situation, at least it will look to outside observers as if something had been done.”
She smiled thoughtfully as she sat back in her chair, “I fear some will think it too severe, being the man you are, but I can see no other option.”  She eyed him seriously, “this thing must be done?”
He bowed, “aye madam, for Jace’s sake, it must.”
She nodded and then looked to the two penitents, “what think you of this proposal?”
Cieren grinned eagerly but Jace stared stonily at the wall behind the Lady, “must it be so?”
Baye nodded, “aye lad, I would not inflict it upon you needlessly but it is as vital to your future wellbeing as that unfortunate incident Adan once observed which embroiled him in this mad scheme of ours.”
Jace nodded grimly, “very well then, it will not be pleasant but it must be done.”  He brightened slightly, “at least it will get me out of kitchen duty for a few days.”
The Lady chuckled gravely, “fear not, Griselda and her ladle will be waiting when you return.”
Cieren frowned, “where are we going?”
Jace said quietly, “returning to the scene of the crime.”
The boy paled, “oh dear.”
Jace smiled grimly, “my thoughts exactly.”
They made their bows and all tried to look respectively stern or contrite.  Jared followed at a distance, obviously no longer required by the Lady yet having no public reason to associate himself with the grim trio, but once they were out of casual sight, Baye and his minions ducked into an empty room and Jared swiftly followed, shutting the door in his wake.  “What is the verdict?” asked he.
Baye studied the boys quietly, “I returned to accompany Jace back to the place where this all began, but the Lady has agreed that it is also a fitting punishment for their antics.  Cieren now has no choice in whether he goes or not, scoundrel that he is.”
The boy said quietly, “I would go whether I had to or not.”  He glanced worriedly at Jace, “he will need me.”  He smiled hopefully at Baye, “and you.”
Jace shook his head, “no, I can do this alone.  I thank you for your concern but it is unwarranted.”
Baye smiled grimly, “that is precisely why I have been ordered to accompany you, lad, you can’t do this alone.  Remember what such an attitude gained you in your own Student days?”
Jace smiled at the recollection, “a fall off a log straight into the heart of the Abyss.”  He eyed Jared curiously, “Captain?”
Jared shook his head, “not me lad; I had no part in this.”
Baye smiled as Jace’s eyes widened then he smiled sheepishly, “I suppose He knows what I need, even if I do not.  Very well, my friends, you are welcome upon this dreadful adventure.”  Tears welled unbidden in his eyes, “though I could never ask it of you.”
Baye clapped him warmly on the shoulder, “you don’t have to lad, that is the beauty of it.  Now come along, you rapscallions, I’ve a lesson or two I’m supposed to teach you, or at least that is what all and sundry will think.”  He saluted smartly, “Captain.”
Jared returned the salute with a smile, “try and teach them a little sense and caution while you’re at it.”
Baye snorted, “if all they’ve survived hasn’t done that yet, they’ll never learn it from me or anyone else for that matter.”  They made their farewells, Jared vanishing from sight and the others exiting the room in a more traditional fashion.  Word quickly spread of their impromptu banishment and many were the curious eyes that peeped around corners or looked over railings as they made their preparations to go, not that they needed to pack anything, but to maintain appearances it had to be done.
Eric met them in the courtyard all aflutter, “can I come too?  I’d rather enjoy an adventure!”
Baye shook his head, “you wouldn’t enjoy this one lad, now off with you ere you’re late for your next class.”
Eric gasped as he dashed off, “I would not like to endure eternal servitude in the kitchens for such a sin!”
Baye chuckled, “a little dramatic, isn’t he?”
“If this is what we get for indulging in a pillow fight,” said Jace with a grim smile, “imagine the consequences for say, misspelling a word or snoring!”
“The Lady has become quite stern in her dealings with miscreants it seems,” said Baye with a thoughtful grin, “they say she even had her own brother executed for some venial offense.”
“Glad to hear you consider your own murder a rather mild crime, my friend,” said Jace with a laugh, thankful that they were wading through the crowded city streets rather than still sitting in the courtyard of the castle where such a reaction would rouse unwanted curiosity; here they were just one of the Brethren and his companions, little to be noticed in a city full of them.  Asked he thoughtfully, “does it ever become natural, this playing of a part to maintain the Shadow’s secrets rather than being yourself?”
Baye smiled, “you can still be yourself lad, you just have to know what to say and when to say it.”
Jace nodded glumly, “which I find very difficult to do.”
“You’ve come a long way,” said he with a proud smile, “and you wouldn’t have been called into this service were you not able to do it.”
“I suppose,” sighed Jace, “but I don’t feel up to my duty of late!  I’ve actually broken down and wept on more than one occasion.”
“Good,” said Baye quietly.
“Good?!” said Jace in exasperation, “a Shadow does not cry!”
Baye shook his head, “you are still a man, Jace and will ever be, and such a trauma would make even the staunchest of men weep, if he had any heart at all and yours is a great heart, apt to suffer sorely in such a circumstance.  It is how we are made, do not pretend it to be otherwise or we’ll all regret it.  Your choices are to deal with the pain or to Go.”
Jace grimaced, “Scamp!”  He sighed, “I wish there were another option.”
“There isn’t,” said Baye firmly, “so what will you do?”
Resolve entered the boy’s voice and a fierceness Baye had only ever seen in his eyes when some enemy threatened those he loved best, said he, “I will fight.”
Baye nodded gravely, but a slight smile curved his lips, “and you will overcome.”


7

“Why are we going to such a dreadful place?” asked Cieren in concern once they were well away from the city, “Won’t it just make things worse; traumatize him more?”
Jace said quietly, “I must face my deepest fears and revulsions, revisiting the site of their infliction is the only way to do that.”  He smiled grimly at his companions, “and whatever I might think to the contrary, I am glad you are with me, my friends, for I will need you indeed.”
Baye smiled slightly, “careful lad, or people might start thinking you sensible again.”
Jace chuckled, “that would not do, not in the least.  I have a reputation to maintain after all.”
As they rode on, Jace said to Baye, “I do not want to come upon that place in the dark.”
Baye nodded, “you may still have something to accomplish there in the dark of night, but we need not make our grand entrance at such a grim hour.”
Jace shook his head in consternation, “what is this I feel?  Shame, terror, grief, fury, revulsion, and despair?  I thought we were beyond all such base emotion?”
Baye said quietly, “nay lad, as I said, we are still men, despite our interesting nature.  We cannot escape what it is to be human, nay, entering the Master’s bright country will only make us more so.  He designed us as He thought best, and none can dispute His creative genius, but the world and all humanity is broken and as long as we dwell in this fallen sphere, we must endure the sorrow and evil with which it is fraught.  I long to see the day when man is as he should be in a world as it was meant to be, that will be a wondrous sight indeed!  You cannot escape your emotions, but you can deal with them.”
Jace smiled sheepishly, “that is reassuring, I feared there was something wrong with me or my reactions.  I am sorry I try too hard to pretend to be strong when I am in truth, quite weak!”
Baye clapped him reassuringly on the shoulder, “we are all of us weak lad, only He is strong, but His strength is all we need, now or ever.”
Jace smiled grimly and would have touched his sword hilt in eagerness, were it fitting for a disgraced Student to be so armed, instead he nodded, “let us be done with it then.”  The unicorns eagerly increased their pace, snorting their enthusiasm; Jace’s mount screamed his fury and revulsion for the evil that had been inflicted upon his master and his keenness to take part in resolving the matter.
They journeyed on, stopping to rest as night fell, more to avoid coming upon the place in the dark rather than because they physically required rest or could not see to travel.  Midday revealed the dismal clearing in which the stones yet held their silent vigil, the altar stone stained with blood.  Jace bowed his head as he looked upon the fell stones, but with a grimace he dismounted and forced himself to enter the ancient site.  He looked to Baye, “where did these grim sites come from?  Who built them?  Too well do I know their purpose.”
Baye shook his head, “none knows of a certain, but they were wrought with black sorcery back in the first days of the world and remain to this day, a tribute to a false god who would not be satisfied were the blood of all men spilled upon that unholy rock.”
Jace approached the nearest standing stone, his hand glowing slightly, “can we not destroy this unholy place?”  He touched the stone and was immediately repulsed as a wave of darkness bodily flung him aside.
“No,” said Baye, “though I would love nothing better than to see them all destroyed.  They are subject to the whims of time and weather, storm and accident, but they are warded against our light, as you have just demonstrated.”
Jace picked himself up and returned to his grim study of the circle, touching the bloodied stone in dismay, “he died here,” said he softly, “he was not afraid.”  He looked hopefully at Baye, “it was not of my doing; it was not my fault?”
Baye nodded, “you were just as much a victim as he.”  Continued he, “could you have acted, you would have.”
Jace shuddered, “I was on the brink of loosing the light and destroying us all, but they knocked me out and then...”
“Yes?” asked Baye gently.
“I awoke to them forcing his blood down my throat and then I knew no more...” he fell to his knees, sobbing.  His friends and unicorn were at his side in a moment and he lost himself in their comforting presence.  By the time he had recovered control of himself, evening had gathered itself about them.
Baye said quietly, “we must keep watch this night.”
Jace nodded grimly, “that we must, but not as terrified children at the mercy of nameless shadows.”  He dropped the cloak that veiled his radiance and drove back the darkness, which seemed to be pressing palpably and incessantly upon those grim stones.  His companions and the unicorns did likewise, each taking up a position around the circumference as Jace seated himself on the altar stone, daring the darkness to venture thither.  Had any mortal man beheld the scene, he would have been stricken blind, but none were abroad in that forgotten corner of the world on a night that seemed rife with evil itself; the few who dwelt in that remote country, like the esteemed Master Girth, wisely chose to huddle indoors and not venture forth until the sun had driven all such fancies away with her brilliance.  They would laugh at themselves in the morning, but were quite ill at ease whilst the night lasted.
At the deepest hour of the night, the light wavered and dimmed but did not go out.  That horrible raven landed on the far side of the altar stone from where Jace sat, sternly reprimanding the trespasser, “get your horrid light out of here, boy!  A few nightmares do not justify you and your companions desecrating my sacred sites, be gone!”
Jace said quietly, “we will continue our vigil.”
The creature squawked in outrage and would have done something to either remove or punish the upstart youth but knew the wretch’s dread Master would not allow it, on this night at least.  “You have not seen the last of me,” croaked the raven as he winged off.  The light grew stronger as he vanished and they continued in silence to watch the night, their radiance dimming as the sun’s increased.
Jace exchanged a brilliant smile with his companions, human and unicorn alike, “thank you my friends.  This place will no longer haunt my dreams, though I still undoubtedly have much heartache and grief with which to deal, I must no longer do so in shame, dread, or fear.”  Of one accord, they all mounted and rode swiftly from that cursed place, grateful for the sun’s joyous reminder of their Master’s own light, warmth, and glory.
Cieren asked quizzically of Baye, “of what use was our vigil in the darkness?”
Jace smiled triumphantly, “to remind us, that even in the darkest night, our Master’s light will not be overcome nor His glory fade.  No matter the horrors we must endure, they are not beyond His grace to heal.”  He laughed joyously, “nor am I.”
“Well good for you,” sneered an unwelcome voice, “call down the wrath of your god boy, else you won’t survive to make your evening prayers.”
Jace frowned at the dozen ragged men that surrounded them, “we have nothing you want.”
The man laughed darkly, “your heads will suffice.  Someone’s put a price on your heads so great any mercenary, bounty hunter, or ne’er-do-well within a day’s ride is going to be looking for you.”
“This is really a terrible idea,” said Jace warningly, a sword appearing in his hand with a brilliant flash; Baye tossed his blade to Cieren and summoned one of his own.
“A cute trick, that,” snarled the villain, “but can you use that thing?”
“Quite well,” said Jace, setting himself, his unicorn tossing his head eagerly, “but I would strongly advise that you not be so foolish as to find out how well.  You will not live to collect your reward, no matter how great!”
The man laughed the more, “we’ll see then, won’t we.”  He urged his horse forward and motioned for his companions to do the same.
Baye whispered to Jace before they engaged their foes, “can’t you just quietly withdraw from Astoria?  Why must you always make a scene?”
Jace grinned, “it isn’t in my nature.”  
There was no more time for talk as their foes closed in upon them.  They acquitted themselves well, accounting for all twelve of the fiends, but did not escape being gravely wounded themselves.  Cieren already lay dead and Jace felt himself quickly fading; he knew he could heal himself before he succumbed to his wounds but that was not the point of this little exercise.
Baye allowed some of his wounds to heal, enough that he wouldn’t die of them, but he could not return to Astoria unscathed while his companions looked like someone had been using them as practice dummies for their sword work.  Gasped Jace, trying to avoid the inevitable darkness a moment longer, “what was that about a price on our heads?”
Baye grinned, “you defied the Evil One last night lad, he is not apt to let you escape without some punishment or warning, that it happens to play into our plans for extricating ‘Ben’ from Astoria is all the better.”
“Farewell, my friend...” said Jace with a last sigh as he finally surrendered to death’s cold embrace.
Baye exchanged a smile with the boy’s unicorn, “such drama, you’d think he had never died before.”  The creature snorted his amusement and asked the obvious question.  Baye arched an eyebrow, “I’m not noble enough to bury all these cads on my own nor can I just eliminate them with the light, else we’d have no evidence.  We are close enough to Astoria that I’m sure the Lady will send someone to investigate,” he smiled, “and clean up our mess.  We’ll be off as soon as we’ve seen to our own dead.”

So it was that a bloody and bruised Baye returned to Astoria with two horses in tow, each bearing its dead rider, shrouded in his own cloak.  The Lady met him in the courtyard and asked for all to hear, “what happened?  This was supposed to be a simple matter!”
Baye shook his head gravely, “bandits, my Lady.  The boys accounted for eight between them, but a dozen against three are grim odds.”  She nodded and gave a nearby Warrior a significant look, he bowed, and went to find help to investigate the matter.  She turned to Baye, “you will see to their remains.”
He bowed, “of course, my Lady.”
Eric, trembling in grief and terror, boldly inserted himself into the conversation, “what?!  Is there to be no public funeral?  The family is to have no part in this or we, their classmates?”
The Lady looked upon the distraught boy with pity, else she would have set him in his place then and there, said she, “they have no kith or kin to speak of and as far as the other Students go, aside from you, they had no friends.”
Eric beamed triumphantly at this last, he knew they had been friends!, “might I not attend the burial, Lady?”
The Lady turned her questioning gaze upon Baye, “can he?”
Baye smiled in grim amusement, “of a certainty, my Lady.”
“Very well,” said she, “see to it.”
Eric was very nearly dancing in enthusiasm; he had never given a eulogy before!  Baye hurried him off in the direction of the stables and they set off as soon as the boy had procured a horse and Baye a shovel.  He was rather surprised to see Jared and Hawk join the party as he waited for Eric, “haven’t you two something important to attend to?”
Jared smiled in anticipation, “nothing as amusing as this is like to be.”
Hawk grinned, “Jace is going to kill you.”
Baye laughed, “it wouldn’t be the first time.”
The Lady motioned for Baye to join her for a moment and whispered, “could you three seem at least a little grieved by this tragedy?”
Baye nodded gravely, “and will you so easily let your brother out of his kitchen chores?”
She broke her own admonition, “if it will get him out of Astoria for a time, certainly!”
Eric at last returned with his horse and the odd little party, far less morose than it ought to be, set off.  Eric muttering under his breath as he rehearsed his eulogy.  Jared looked back at the lad and grinned, “he’ll end a Teacher, that one.  A pity Jace won’t hear the lad’s tribute; it ought to be grand.”
They found a suitable site and began digging, Eric with a will, eager to get on with his eulogy, but when Baye called a halt, thinking the shallow graves deep enough, the boy protested, “we need it at least thrice as deep, sir!”
“Certainly,” said Baye with a mischievous smile, “we want to do this right after all.  Our departed friends certainly deserve it.”
Jared whispered, “no one deserves this, I agree with Hawk: he is going to kill you!”
At last the holes were deep enough to suit even Eric, the bodies were interred, and the dirt replaced.  They then stood there and listened to Eric until he eulogized himself hoarse, it was not long until they were envying the peaceful repose of the dead.  At last it was time for the song of final parting, which actually awed Eric into silence, and then all were soon in their saddles and riding back to the city.  Eric talking thus for the whole trip, “it was a nice funeral, not that I have been to many.  I really appreciate you letting me do the eulogy, and even most of the digging.  I’ll miss them...”
They sent Eric off to dinner and the others returned to their duties while Baye withdrew to his temporary chambers.  He smiled impishly once the door was shut and his hand began to glow, summoning first one and then the other of the newly buried corpses.  It only took another pulse of light to rouse the dead.  Jace looked up at his smiling friend and frowned, “what is so funny?”
“Eric insisted on doing the eulogy,” said Baye with a laugh, “and in burying you quite deep.”
Jace raised an eyebrow, “you allowed this?”
Baye laughed the more, “the Lady insisted upon it.  Though she did pardon you from kitchen duty, henceforth.”
Jace stood with a wry smile, “that’s a relief.  Thanks for everything, old friend.”  He turned to Cieren, “ready lad?”  The boy nodded eagerly and Jace turned back to Baye with a grin, “we’ll be off then, duty calls.”
Baye clapped him on the back, “you’re ready for this?”
Jace smiled deeply, “more than ever.”  His visage shifted from a filthy, ragged Student to that of an anonymous Brother while Cieren was as bland an apprentice as ever rode for the Brethren.  He embraced Baye with a smile, “until next time!”  They exited the little room and ventured forth into the wide world, Baye smiled eagerly after them before vanishing about his own duties.




Excerpt from the upcoming third book in the ‘In Shadow,’ series: “Shadows Fall:”

“I must return home Lady,” said the distraught apprentice only a day after his Oathtaking, “I fled under the most disgraceful of circumstances, abandoning my father to toil alone on that blighted farm, and I feel I must return and make my peace with him before I can fully enter into my service with the Brethren.”
“Very well,” said the Lady of Astoria, “you have my leave to go to your father, settle your affairs as you must, and then return to us.  May the Master ride with you, Alec.”
He beamed at her, “thank you, my Lady, I knew you would understand.  At worst he’ll set me to work hoeing beans, from which I might need rescue, but I know I must do this thing, else I’ll never be easy in my own heart.”  He bowed deeply, smiled brightly, and withdrew; she would never see him again.  A raven, perched on the battlements, watched the boy ride off with a keen eye and then flapped off with a triumphant cry.

Girth the Pig Lord, as he had taken to calling himself though his swine herd now consisted solely of an aged sow, sat out front of his collapsing abode and drank his own health and prosperity, imbibing a generous mouthful of his neighbor’s homebrew and gazing upon his bean field, over run with weeds, with a genial indifference he thought befitted a generous monarch, for of a truth, that is what he considered himself.  Ever since his worthless son and ungrateful hired hands had vanished like dew in the sun, he had not the heart to go on with his daily toil, but rather traded a pig for a barrel of the awful liquor brewed by his neighbor and now drank the stuff by the gallon; swapping another pig for more of the vitriolic substance as needed.  If it did not keep food on the table or improve his lot in life, at least it numbed his sensibilities to the point that he thought his circumstances were not all that regrettable.  Thus he sat, morning and evening, day after day as his beans ran to ruin, his pigs dwindled, and so did he.  
“Is this all you have to show for your efforts?” came a mocking voice.
Girth looked up in annoyance at an overly bold raven perched on the hut’s crazily slanting roof; what business did the creature have in berating a man surviving the best he could in a cruel and bitter world?  “Be gone!” huffed he, “I know my business and it’s best you kept to yours.  Off with ya!”
“So you’re just going to sit there until you molder into nothing like your forsaken pig shed?” scoffed the bird.
Girth looked disconsolately at the shed, which had collapsed in on itself a fortnight prior, its sole occupant had no choice but to live outside, not that inside had been much of an improvement anyway, but now she had no choice in the matter.  Was it his fault the structure hadn’t lasted more than fifty years?  It wasn’t like he knew anything about patching a roof and he might have fallen off the ladder and hurt himself.  He growled at the bird, “what do you want, besides to lecture a man fallen on hard times through no fault of his own?”
“Indeed,” laughed the bird, “I have come to make you an offer.”
It was the man’s turn to scoff, “what can you have to offer me?”
“Whatever you want,” said the raven, “for though humble in appearance, in truth, I am lord of this wretched sphere.”
“Just like them fairy tales my worthless son used to read,” said Girth thoughtfully, “what can it hurt?  Very well, Prince Birdy, I want to be rich, famous, and have the power to revenge myself on all those who have wronged me.”
“Certainly,” said the bird, “but it cannot be achieved without a price?”
“Now hold on there finchy,” snarled Girth, “you said nothin’ of cost!  You can’t have my last pig, if that’s what yer thinkin’.”
“I don’t want your putrid swine,” sneered the raven.
“That’s alright then,” said Girth, warming anew, “I ain’t got nothin’ else of value.  Give me what I want and all else I have is yers for the askin’.”
“Lovely,” said the bird, “I shall return shortly.  When your son arrives, ask him to stay for tea.”  He eyed the appalling brew with disdain and said, “or whatever you have to hand will suffice.”
Girth snarled, “that wretched boy is coming here?!”
The raven nodded, “and is vital to our plans.  If you chase him off, all is lost.  Pretend to be civilized until I return.”
Girth noisily released a painful build up of abdominal gas and said with a grimace, “very well, you’re not the only one that can be all decent and well-mannered, ya over grown sparrow!  Don’t be long, I don’t know how long I can stomach the lad.”  With a mocking cry, the raven winged off even as Alec topped a distant hill and looked down on the ruin of what once had been his home, not that it had ever been what one might call pleasant; his father must be in far more dire straits than he had at first assumed.  Digging in his heels, he cantered down the hill, eager to be reconciled to his father.

“Hag!” came the harsh cry from the kitchen.
The hunched old woman hastened into the front of the house, ready to give so impertinent an intruder the fright of his life; it was very unwise to so disturb a witch!  But the raven perched upon the windowsill, staring at her with far too keen eyes, was no rude simpleton but rather a creature before whom all mortals must tremble.  Quaked she, “yes, milord?”
“There is a small duty to which you must attend,” croaked the creature, “come!”  She donned her cloak and hastened after the bird, as he flapped off into the woods.  After an interminable walk, she emerged into a small clearing from which came a piteous cry.  “Here,” ordered the raven.  She hastened to him across the glade, from whence came the hopeless keening.  She lurched back in horror as a scrawny wolf lunged at her, his eyes full of malice and pain and confusion; the raven laughed her to scorn and mocked, “the brute cannot get far, he is caught in a trap, you see.  He is also mad, so if you value your own life, see that he does not bite you.  Take your knife and draw blood from the creature.”
She stared at the lupine horror and then at her avian persecutor and back again, wondering if she would rather not deal with the ravening wolf, it was certainly less dangerous.  Knowing better than to question or argue, she used what spells she could to calm the ferocious and desperate beast, but all to no avail.  In the end, she bloodied the wolf and it her.  She glared at the mocking bird, “now I too will succumb to its madness!”
“What is that to me?” hissed the bird, “now come, your task is not yet complete.”  She shuddered but followed after in grim silence.  Next she was told to enter an abandoned house, half collapsed with neglect and age, wherein she was instructed to find a great spider.  She found just such a specimen, getting bit for her trouble, but she crushed the disgusting creature and smeared the greenish ooze upon the dagger, still red with the wolf’s blood.  With another shudder, she exited the dilapidated house and silently followed the raven back into the deepening dusk.
After walking all night, they emerged into a hilly country of scattered trees and wandering streams; it was a pleasant land but seemed thoroughly unpeopled, but not quite.  A little farmstead, in worse condition than the house she had recently vacated, sprawled below them as they crested a small rise.  “That is a mess,” said she in dismay.
The raven laughed darkly, “wait until you see the creature that lurks therein; it will make the wolf seem urbane.”  She caught his cruel mirth and hastened down the hill, eager to be done with the whole debacle, but also morbidly curious as to what the Fiend intended.
“It is about time,” snarled the man at the raven as it settled on an old stump beside the ramshackle hut.  The woman shivered in dismay, waiting for the Fiend to destroy the insolent man, but he only smiled derisively at the repulsive creature.  A boy standing just inside the doorway watched the scene with a frown; the woman’s smile deepened as she took in his uniform and its significance.
Smiled she, “where are your manners sir?  To keep a lady standing outside in this wind is the epitome of disrespect!”
The boy blanched, “forgive us madam, we had not expected any visitors, but that is no excuse.  Please, come in.”  
She smile grimly, “aye lad, that I will.”  Just like one of the Brethren!  They all went in, shutting the door firmly behind them.  That night a raven winged off into the darkness with a raucous cry of triumph while a wail broke the night, as piteous as the wolf’s cry but tinged with a fury this world could ill-contain.  Some hours later, a great, hulking shadow lumbered off into the wan grey mists of dawn, whimpering, snarling, and mumbling incomprehensibly to itself.

Jace stood before the Lady of Astoria as she told a curious tale, “Alec came to me a month ago, asking leave to visit his father and reconcile their differences, but he has not been seen or heard from since.  His father does not live far from here, so it is not distance that delays him.  He said he might need rescue if his father put him to work hoeing beans, but I thought he was in jest.  Go find him, rescue him if you must.”
“Beans, my Lady?” said Jace with a frown.
She nodded, “why the odd look?”
Jace smiled sheepishly, “pigs and beans once held a significance for me.  I begin to wonder if I actually know the boy’s father.”  She gave him directions to the farm and he nodded, “that’s the place.  It will be interesting to see how old Girth is getting on.”  
He bowed deeply and made to leave but she stopped him with a question, “how are you getting on without Cieren?”
Jace smiled ruefully, “I miss him, but it is certainly time for him to be off on his own.”  He laughed, “to think I once balked at the very idea of an apprentice, now I’m not quite sure what to do without one!  But I shall adjust, Lady, fear not.”  He bowed again and slipped away ere the tears betrayed him.  This would be his first assignment without his former apprentice and he was feeling it keenly.  He mounted his unicorn and rode off into the mounting day, the creature reassuring him that he was not so truly alone as he felt.  He patted the great neck affectionately and knew the beloved creature had the right of it.  With a rising eagerness, they pressed on, but it was anything but eagerness that led them into the dell wherein Girth had once dwelt.
There were only weeds in what should have been a bean field while the farmstead itself had the feel of a place long abandoned.  The pig shed had collapsed and the house was on the brink of doing likewise.  Nothing stirred, save the grass in the wind, but a palpable evil hung about the place.  Feeling as if he were desecrating a tomb, Jace tentatively pushed open the cottage door, hand on his sword hilt.  He gasped in dismay and horror at what he saw, hastily withdrawing to take a closer look at the farmstead while he thought through the terrifying possibilities.  Beside the pig shed, he found the remains of both a horse and a pig in a similar state to those in the collapsing hovel: a shriveled husk of dried skin pulled taut over bone, as if some great spider had sucked the very life and fluid right out of them.  The remains of a woman and a boy in an apprentice’s uniform lay in the cottage; he shuddered to think what this might mean.  The place reeked of blood magic, so anything was possible.
He saw to the remains of his slain comrade and the mysterious woman and then followed a faint but obvious trail of evil, felt rather than seen, which the unicorn sensed even more keenly than Jace.  For a day and a night they followed the trail, an obvious mar and desecration upon the very face of creation, coming at last to the creature’s lair.  The unicorn screamed his unease and fury at such a desecration of the created order while Jace shivered, sensing an evil here that was both unnatural and tainted with madness.  Drawing his sword, he climbed down into a great hole in the earth, dug by monstrous claws.  The unicorn stood at the top and whinnied mournfully as his master vanished into the depths of the earth.
There were several chambers, some empty and others containing silk wrapped bundles like flies enmeshed in a spider’s web, but these were men rather than insects.  He knelt beside one such individual and breathed a sigh of relief to find that he lived still.  He checked two others and frowned, all were alive and apparently healthy, save for their insensible state.  What did the fell creature live on, if not flesh and blood?  “Nightmares!” grated a horrid voice behind him.
Jace was on his feet in a moment, sword in hand, but there was nothing there.  He frowned, his strange eyes piercing the very depths of the darkness; the monster had been there but a moment before.  He felt something behind him and turned again, catching a brief glimpse of a giant, spiderish form with a wolf’s head and teeth, glowing an eerie green from within, but it moved so fast it was lost to sight before he could act against it.  He foolishly dashed after it into the depths of the cave, only realizing too late that he was playing directly into its claws.  He heard it laugh, “you are an interesting little morsel, you will not decay like these others, but will live on to nourish me forever!”  He felt the bite of fangs in his shoulder as the light within him stirred and then went out even as he fell into darkness.  Outside a unicorn screamed in horror and dismay as the creature bound its victim in silk and deposited him in the far corner of its lair, perhaps for all time.




Other Books by this Author:

The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I and II
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book III
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book IV and V
Once a Thief
A Song of Lesser Days
Thus It Began
Legends of the Brethren: The Sampler
Legends of the Brethren: The Complete Series
In Shadow

Of Tea... and Things

The Greylands
The Foibles
Over the Hills and Far Away

Want to Know More?:
Official Website
Author’s Blog




Excerpt from “The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book III:”

The wind blew cold off the sea, but the promise of Spring lingered in the salty air.  Wrapped in her cloak against the damp and cold of early morning, Arora walked the battlements of the crumbling old castle on the verge of the Eastern Sea.  Occasionally a breaker crashed against the rocky cliffs upon which the castle perched like an ungainly bird.  A sea bird called above in a voice speaking of loneliness and vast distances.  Arora knew how he must feel.  Somewhere far away, preparing for a war that might destroy everything she held dear, was her husband whom she had not seen in several months.  Her duties kept her confined to this miserable old castle or to the main campus of the University some days’ ride to the West.  As head of her department, she was in charge of overseeing all the activities of the associate professors beneath her.  Since her department was by now the largest and their classes the most sought after, the whole thing had been moved to this hulking ruin of a fortress.  And so had come a great many students who stayed as long as they needed to complete the required classes to gain the now much sought after title of Scholar, and perhaps one day Professor.  
There had been a time when the whole University had been a joke to everyone outside of it, but things were changing quickly as it began to actually teach useful knowledge and hold its teachers and students responsible for their actions.  Incredibly, it was starting to become a respectable institution.  Unlike the Order of the Unicorn, which in recent months had changed its name to the Legion of the Serpent; its main purpose had also changed from upholding their own version of peace and justice to one of conquest in the name of evil.  Arora knew the truth behind the change, even if most people did not.  An insidious evil calling itself the Brotherhood of the Serpent was again influencing the former Order, but this time it was not only an indirect influence but in overt control.  Long had the Brotherhood operated in secret, trying to accomplish the purposes of the Evil One through human servants dedicated to him body and soul.  Only recently had their existence become known to the Brethren, and since then their tactics had moved from secret manipulations and the spreading of chaos to plans for outright war and conquest.
War was coming, but this was just the latest skirmish in a far greater war that stretches back to the very beginnings of time when the Master’s greatest servant rebelled against him and evil first came into being.  Once innocent of all evil, man soon followed in the Evil One’s footsteps, forsaking the Master’s laws and Truth to follow his own twisted path.  The Master interceded directly when men first chose evil over good, but ever afterwards it was up to his servants to defend the Truth and protect the vulnerable; they became known as the Brethren and are the world’s greatest defense against the powers of darkness.  The Brotherhood of the Serpent became the Evil One’s answer to the Brethren.  The Order of the Unicorn grew up as an independent military organization hoping for the glory of the Brethren without having to sacrifice their own desires and dreams (and sometimes their lives) for the greater good.  Now the Order had been overtaken by evil men and was all but a military extension of the Brotherhood.  Most of the honorable men within the Order had recently been driven out, some had joined the Brethren while many of the rest prepared for war as allies under the Brethren’s banner.  
Not only were there evil tidings from the former Order, but there were other worrisome rumors.  Evil things were stirring again in the Northern Wilds and in the Western Mountains.  Many were the dark men seen crossing the Untamed Wilds on fell errands of their own.  Everywhere unrest and rebellion seemed to be fomenting; once peaceful lands were now dealing with open revolt.  The Lady of Astoria had agents in every country, city, and major village trying to prepare all free lands for the coming onslaught.  However, local leaders were far too busy with their own problems to worry about a larger, vaguer danger.  For the moment, the world lay hushed, as if on the brink of something vast and horrible that only time would reveal, but all knew it was coming and soon.  Arora ceased her pacing upon the walls and made her way down to the kitchens to find something warm to drink; she only wished her heart could find solace as easily as her stomach.

Some distance away, in the Kingdom of Arca, Bristol walked about the castle gardens in the gloom before sunrise.  He felt uneasy as he had rarely felt before; something deep inside bid him be cautious this day.  As he paced, a servant found him and summoned him to a small parlor.  He entered the chamber and looked hopefully at the fire burning cheerfully upon the hearth, but his heart grew cold at the sight of the man with whom he shared the room.  The man gave him a haughty smile and said, “Captain Bristol you are hereby relieved of duty as Advisor to the King of Arca for the Order of the Unicorn.  You are also relieved of all rank, privileges, and rights within the Order; the Order itself shall hereafter be known to you and all others as the Legion of the Serpent.  I, Colonel Lyre, shall henceforth take over all of your previous duties and responsibilities.  You are asked to withdraw immediately from these premises upon pain of death should you refuse.”  The man wore a triumphant grin; he had come far since Bristol last saw him stripped of all rank within the Order and sent out with the new recruits on a training patrol.  He now wore a black tunic with a fiery serpent upon it.  Bristol’s own tunic of white bore a blue rearing unicorn; apparently the Order had changed uniforms as well as names.  
Bristol stripped off his tunic and tossed it into the fire.  Then he faced Lyre and said, “I accept the fact that I am no longer a part of the Order or the Legion or whatever you prefer to call it, however I am still a member of the Brethren and the Lady’s duly appointed representative to the King.  I cannot abandon my post save by her order.  I believe the King would take it amiss if you murdered one of his advisors.  However, if I must leave or die I stand ready to defend myself, though I dare say it will be a poor beginning between you and the King should he discover the cause of my demise, and an even worse beginning for you should you fall by my blade instead.”  
Lyre eyed him skeptically, but finally submitted to his reasoning, “very well, it will be as it must, but do not get in my way.  We are not officially enemies yet, but I think the day will soon dawn that sees you and your ilk become hunted men in all lands.  I hope it comes soon.”  With that he stomped out of the room.  Bristol stared at the closed door in astonishment and then went to find another shirt.

Tristan walked among the sparring pairs of men as they exchanged blows with practice swords, yelling advice or a warning to the various students as he saw things that needed improvement.  Occasionally, a muffled thump and exclamation of pain reminded the recipient to improve his blocking technique.  Finally, he called a stop to the exercise and after a few parting remarks sent his pupils off to find their noon meal.  He felt a pair of eyes upon him, and looking up saw the Lady standing at a window; she motioned for him to attend her and he made his way towards her chambers.  He found her in a sunny room overlooking the courtyard where his students had been practicing.  He bowed as he entered the room and took the seat she indicated.  She smiled fondly at him, they had had many such meetings over the course of the century in which he had been in her service.  
“I know you grow weary of training students in the arts of war,” said she, “so I am sending you out once again on yet another vital mission.”  Tristan perked up at the mention of another mission; he did not mind training students, but his true calling was in performing the often strange and sometimes impossible tasks the Lady set before him.  She continued, “as you know, there have been radical changes within the Order or the Legion, and the Brotherhood has also become much more overt in its enmity.  You have also heard the rumors of localized rebellions and the stirring of evil things in wild places.  We all know that war is brewing and evil seems to be growing everywhere, but no one knows anything for sure.  I have our agents scattered across the whole face of the world, but communication is intermittent at best and nonexistent at worst.  There are also various peoples and creatures from whom we have not heard in some time.  I need to know what is happening and where.  I am sending you out into the coming storm to discover from our agents and allies what is happening across the width and breadth of the world, and also to ascertain where each country, city-state, and every minor village stands as far as sending help should impending war necessitate it.”  Tristan nodded, understanding his mission but wondering how he alone was to accomplish such a monumental task before it was too late.  The Lady, seeming to read his thoughts said, “do not worry, you are not the only one I am sending forth.  Several of our best agents are being sent to discover what I need to know.  You must travel quickly, but must be thorough in your observations.  May the Master ride with you.”  He stood and bowed to her and went to prepare for his journey.
From long experience, he knew exactly what he would need for such a journey and was quickly packed and ready to go.  His assigned route included parts of the Northern Wilds, the Eastern Realms, and the small country of Vespera, all of which he had visited within the last few years and was well-acquainted with many of the people (and creatures) with whom he would be dealing.  As he headed back towards the courtyard, saddlebags slung over his shoulder, he met Trap in the corridors.  “Heading off into deadly peril?” joked Trap.  
“As usual,” smiled Tristan, “the Lady is sending me out to learn exactly what is going on in the wide world.”  
“Me too,” said Trap, “I am off as soon as I can get my things packed.  I see that you are ahead of me, as usual.”  Tristan laughed and clapped the other man on the back in a fond farewell.  It was hard to believe that less than a year ago Trap had been an important member of the Brotherhood, but was now a respected member of the Brethren.  They parted and each went about his respective duties.  In the courtyard stood a shaggy sorrel gelding, a far cry from the great unicorn stallion that Tristan knew lurked beneath the surface.  Each member of the Brethren had a close relationship with a unicorn, though the unicorns often draped themselves in the guise of normal horses to hide their identities.  Tristan smiled at Taragon’s well-chosen disguise; no one would look twice at a road-weary traveler on such a plain beast.  Taragon whickered in greeting and followed Tristan to the stable where he dug his much worn tack out of storage and went about the familiar ritual of putting it on his mount.  After Tristan was mounted, Taragon frisked and bucked a bit, eager to be on the road once more.  He wearied of the sedentary life of the last few months as much as his master.  Soon they were off again to adventures unknown.
Their road first took them North into the Wilds to discover what the People of the Wood and Nargath the dragon knew of happenings in those unclaimed lands.  Tristan saw few travelers upon the road as they headed farther from civilization, and those he did meet were the kind that did not stop to exchange idle chatter with a stranger.  A unicorn is the swiftest of all creatures that go on four legs and can travel at speeds over great distances that would soon exhaust a horse.  Before long, they had reached the far-flung inn at which he and Arora had once met a strange man who had later introduced them to the People of the Wood.  The Hidden People stood much shorter than a normal man and lived secret lives far in the depths of the forest, protected from unfriendly eyes by an inborn skill for illusion and a talent for redirecting unwary strangers.  These curious little folk were very fond of music and Arora’s musical skills had earned them a rare invitation to visit their well-hidden village.  Tristan hoped finding them again would not be a challenge.  They knew this part of the Wilds better than anyone, and their input was vital for the completion of Tristan’s mission.  
Tristan left Taragon to the care of the stable boy and went into the inn.  He glanced around at the gathered patrons and smiled as he recognized their previous informant.  He ordered two mugs of ale and sat down across from the man, pushing the second mug towards him.  The man looked at him curiously but gratefully accepted the drink.  “You probably do not remember me,” said Tristan, “but I once traveled with a rather remarkable songstress whom you wished to introduce to some extraordinary friends of yours.  I am in desperate need of their aid; is it possible to renew our acquaintance?”  
The man narrowed his eyes and stared at Tristan; recognition seemed to dawn in his eyes.  “It may be possible,” whispered the man fingering his scruffy beard, “of what sort of aid are we speaking and why?  And where is that pretty little songstress?”  
Tristan smiled, “you do well to be cautious in these uneasy times.  The lady of whom you speak is far to the South on other business.  I was sent by a certain Lady who begs any tidings they might have on strange or evil happenings within their borders in these ever darkening days.  Mention the Lady and they will know of whom I speak; they have sent her at least one emissary in recent months.”  
The man nodded grimly, “I will relay your message but it is their choice as to whether or not they will meet with you.”  
“Fair enough,” said Tristan, “I shall remain here and wait for their answer.”
The shaggy man finished his drink then scuttled out in search of his mysterious friends.  He returned a few hours later and said, “they remember you well and send greetings to you and your noble mount.  They will gladly meet with you, though why they care about your horse I cannot imagine.  Please follow me.”  Tristan stood up and together they walked out into the darkness; Tristan stopped long enough to collect Taragon from the stable before heading off into the forest with his strange guide.  They walked silently for almost an hour.  The going was slow because there was no moon to light the way and neither dared light a torch for fear of unwanted eyes.  At last they came to a huge, dead oak tree and beneath it stood a small, wary man.  He bowed in greeting and exchanged thanks with the other man who then slipped off into the night.  The short man motioned for Tristan to follow.  For another hour they plunged into the murky depths of the pathless woods until they came at last to the silent village, high among the boughs of great and ancient trees.  
Tristan removed Taragon’s tack and let him wander at will among the ancient boles.  The little man waited patiently at the base of a great tree from whose branches hung a rope ladder leading up to an arboreal cottage high among its branches.  They climbed up the ladder and drew it up behind them.  They were now inaccessible to enemies on the ground.  They went into the snug little house and drew up chairs in front of a small fire.  “Welcome tall one,” said the old man, “I wish you had brought your lady with you for I long for a cheerful song, but things are as they are so I will content myself with conversation.  You have journeyed far, and I hope not in vain.  As you know, we are a watchful but quiet people. We do not go willingly beyond the borders of our land, but we know all that goes on within our bounds.  What exactly do you wish to know?”  
Tristan said, “I have been sent by the Lady of Astoria to beg your help.  The world grows uneasy and restless; evil seems to stir everywhere.  I and several others are traveling to many lands and visiting with many peoples in hopes of gathering what information we can on the state of things within each country and also to know what help each land is willing to send should things grow dire.”  
The little man was silent then began, “as for help, we will fight evil that enters or threatens our borders, but little use are we away from our forest home.  We will assist as we can, but we will not send men to die vainly in war.  We are not a warrior folk, but we can defend our lives and homes if pressed.   We would be underfoot and in the way among larger and more seasoned soldiers in any battle we tried to fight.  As far as information, I know only what our scouts have seen.  On your last visit here, you pursued one of the evil men who make the strange journey afoot into the swamps beyond the forest in pursuit of the vile Lurkers that roam those forsaken lands.  Of late, there seem to be many more journeys by such men, sometimes several men a month are seen making the passage, though not long ago it was only a few men in a year‘s time.  The scouts also bring tidings of nameless and evil creatures roaming farther south than they normally do.  Evil seems to stir on all our borders and even within.”  
They talked long into the night about such things before retiring to bed and sleeping late.  Tristan awoke to a glorious breakfast of all the wild bounties the woods could produce.  He and his host talked again for much of the day, this time of topics less vital and dark.  The man seemed to enjoy news of the outside world and philosophical musings almost as much as he had Arora’s music.  As late afternoon approached, Tristan felt the need to be on his way and said, “I thank you very much for your hospitality and also for your information.  I know you are a quiet folk wishing only to live peacefully in your own way, but I fear a conflict is coming that may consume the whole world and then none may live in peace.  The Lady asks only that you stand ready to do what you can.  Her thanks and gratitude I also impart.”  The little man bowed to Tristan, and Tristan returned it in kind.   He bid his host a fond farewell and left in search of Nargath the dragon.




Excerpt from ‘Mistborn,’ from “The Greylands: Volume II:”

“Go not into the Elf Wood,” grated the old man on the village green amidst the wide-eyed children that had gathered to hear his tales.  He continued, “strange are the rumors of that country.  Those that go in never come out or if they do, they are never the same again.  ‘Tis far better to stay at home and mind your own business than risk that cursed place.”  
“But do not fairies and unicorns dwell in the Wood?” piped one small, hopeful girl.  
“Bah,” scowled the old man, “there be all manner of strange folk in that wood and none knows who or what might dwell there.  As I said, it is best to leave well enough alone!”  
“But it sounds the perfect place for an adventure,” blurted out a boy a bit older than the girl.  
“Who needs adventure?” groused the old man, “certainly not you.  Forget such foolishness.  Life is hard enough without going out and looking for trouble!”  
“But I want to see the Unicorn,” said the boy defiantly.  
The old man glanced around cautiously, as if the roan cow tethered on the green might carry tales, before saying, “those are dangerous words boy.  Where did you hear such a tale?”  
The boy smiled mischievously, “my old granny tells such tales before the fire each night.”  
The man said quietly, “you would do well to forget such tales or at least not spread them abroad.  I would bring this to your father but being the man he is I doubt such tale bearing would be of much avail.  But heed well my words lad, there are those in this world that would take such tales amiss and it just might bring unwanted attention upon your family.”  
The boy drew himself up and said, “and why should I fear anyone in the least?  Granny says all who follow the Unicorn have nothing to fear from man or beast.”
The old man smirked, “has your old granny never heard of the Blackguard?  They would make short work of you and she, if they heard such prattling on.  If you love your lives you will hold your tongues.”  
“But papa is one of the Whiteguard,” squeaked the girl, “he would never let any such thing happen.  And granny says we must not remain silent, for everybody should have the chance to hear about the Unicorn.”  
The old man shook his head in exasperation and quickly abandoned his eager young audience, fearing to hear any more of such nonsense.  The Unicorn indeed!  If that old myth were true the world would certainly be in a better state than it was.  If such a benevolent creature ever existed, certainly it was dead and gone centuries ago as the old tale told.  Those poor deluded youngsters and their stubborn parents would one day rue their fanatic devotion to such a pathetic cause.  Everyone knew the only way to survive in this wretched world was to avoid the wrath of the Dark Prince and his thrice cursed Blackguard.  If you had to cling to outdated superstition at least keep quiet about it lest you get the whole village murdered!  He hobbled slowly back to his crumbling hovel, muttering the entire way under his breath.  
The small group of children listened in fascination as the boy regaled them with one tale after another about the Unicorn and the Fairywood.  The older boys smirked in derision, thinking they knew better and were far wiser than the bold orator before them while the younger children hung on every word as hope stirred within them.  The group only broke up when their various mothers called them home for supper.  The boy took the little girl’s hand and together they made their way towards home.  The children dispersed and there was much excited chatter over the evening meal and many concerned parents thereafter.
The boy’s father received many aggrieved visitors over the course of the next few days, all quite upset by the tales carried by his son.  How could he let the boy carry such dangerous tales?  Did he wish them all to suffer the wrath of the Dark Prince and his evil minions?  The man only shook his head gravely and said that the boy was free to speak as he felt he must and if they objected they did not have to listen.  They stormed away in a fury and muttered together their frustrations behind closed doors and over a mug of ale at the local inn of an evening.  The man smiled slightly and hastened to find his troublemaking son.  He found the boy busy about the farmyard with various small chores; taking the boy by the shoulder he led him to a quiet place alongside the woodshed and seated themselves on a couple convenient logs.  
“Son,” said he, “you have garnered the wrath of many in this village with your stories.”  The boy blanched, fearing some rebuke but the man continued, “that it has caused such an outrage means your stories are having some effect on stony and hardened hearts.  I must commend you for your courage in speaking so for I know others have warned you that such tales are quite unpopular of late.  I am sorry to say my own enthusiasm for speaking thus has been dampened of late with care and worry, but I think you have the right of it.  These great things must be spoken and not hidden from view simply for fear of our lives.  Whatever happens for your temerity, I must tell you that I am proud of you and will try and be so bold myself.”
Amazement stilled the boy’s tongue and was writ large in his eyes and upon his face.  The man smiled, clapped the boy on the back, and returned to his own work.  The boy shared a parting grin with his father and ran off to tell his mother.  His mother and grandmother were busy about the house and listened with amused smiles as the boy told of his encounter with his father.  His mother cautioned however, “it is good to share your grandmother’s stories but you must be cautious in who you let overhear you.  All must have the chance to hear, but caution is warranted lest you fall into the hands of darkness.”  
The boy’s smile slipped as he said, “but father said all must hear and that caution is not needed.  Will not the Unicorn protect us should some danger present itself?”  
His mother smiled gently and said, “certainly you must speak these things.  I only say be careful in whom you confide for many will carry tales to your enemies.  The Unicorn shall certainly be with His faithful but that does not mean He shall rescue us from every evil and danger that presents itself.  Suffering, sorrow, and danger are certainties in this fallen world, my son.  The Unicorn has promised not to abandon us forever to such things and has in fact overthrown both evil and death, but that age is yet to come.  In this present age we must endure that which we must.  That is why I warn you not to court death by being too bold in your proclamations.”  
The boy drew himself up and said, “I will not hide as if I am embarrassed of what I believe.  Why does papa hide from everyone?”
A look of surprise crossed his mother’s face and she said, “what is your father hiding?”  
He sighed, “I know he once rode for the Whiteguard.  Why does he now live in obscurity and say nothing of what he once was?”  
His mother smiled weakly and said, “no one is allowed to ride with the Guard who has dependent children.  He has retired to raise a family.  Once you and your sister are grown, perhaps he shall ride with them again.”  
The boy nodded sagely but said, “then should he not at least be sharing the reasons for which he once rode?  Is that not also a duty of the Guard as well as fighting against the minions of the Dark Prince?”  
His mother nodded sadly and said, “your father and I have remained silent for fear that our family might suffer for it.  It seems all his old spirit lives again in you.  Not that long ago nothing could have stilled his tongue but our old courage is long fled.  My heart stirs within me to have kept silent so long and deny our neighbors the chance to hear that which we consider most dear.  Forgive me my son, and thank you for rousing again the courage that has waned for so many years.  I shall speak to your father about it, but we shall also make plans to defend ourselves or escape should our enemies fall upon us for our renewed boldness.”  The boy beamed and ran off to find his little sister and tell her all the news.  He found her running swiftly from the surrounding forest with much delight and eagerness.  
She shouted joyfully to her brother, “I have seen one!  I have seen one!”

Winded, she stopped her flight and gasped for breath as Kyan said, “what have you seen Clara?”  
The little girl beamed, “one of the Mistborn of course.”  
He looked at her seriously and asked, “truly?”  
She grinned all the more, “it could have been nothing else!  Let us find granny and perhaps she will tell us more of them!”  
In any other child this mysterious sighting might be thought a fancy of the child’s imagination but Clara was not prone to such whimsies.  They ran together into the house where granny sat by the fire with her knitting in her lap.  The two breathless children stood before her and Clara made her declaration and demanded to know all the old woman had to tell about such creatures.  
The old woman’s eyes sparkled in delight but were wide with surprise as she said, “the Mistborn?  Child, are you sure?”  Clara glowered at not being believed but nodded succinctly.  The old woman nodded sagely and said as the two children sat at her feet, “the Mistborn is it?  They are strange and mysterious creatures certainly, perhaps the most mysterious to haunt this world, if they truly walk upon it.  Much is rumored about them and almost nothing known.  What is true and what is folly I cannot tell.  I will tell you that which I consider closest to the truth but even that is hard to believe.”
She continued, “for all the long ages that the Dark Prince has ruled over the lands of men, he has fought constantly against the Unicorn.  You have heard many times the tale of Him that left His beautiful kingdom far from mortal sorrows and became mortal Himself for a time, to right the wrongs of mankind.  He came and spoke peace but men heeded Him not and allowed Him to fall into the hands of those who mocked and killed Him.  The Dark Prince had thought himself victorious that day but little did he know that he had sealed his own doom, for death could not hold such as He.  He rose again to life and by trusting in Him, we also might live.  For it was His blood that paid the price demanded of each and every man for all his many crimes against his Maker and his fellow men.  The Unicorn then returned to His own country but promised to return one day and finally overthrow the Fell Prince and restore the world to what it should ever have been, save for the folly of man.  
He left his followers to spread the tale of His coming that all might hear and find hope and life anew.  The Dark Prince in his wrath, has long hunted down and destroyed anyone found believing such heresy as he sees it, but this is just the latest offensive in a war that has lasted since the Dark Prince himself rebelled against his Master and will last until the end of time, when the Unicorn shall end the rebellion once and for all.  Now you know the Dark Prince has many servants, both of men and strange and terrible creatures, but the Maker has His own armies and servants as well.”
She took a deep breath and continued her story, “you both know of the Whiteguard, of which your father was once a part.  It is composed of those men and even a few daring women who ride against the minions of darkness and also spread word of their Master everywhere they go.  There are other, more mysterious creatures and people in the world and to whom their allegiance lies, only they and the Unicorn know.  Most dwell in the Fairywood but are sometimes seen abroad.  Among these are the elves, the Mistborn, and other more mysterious races.  A few of the more daring elves have actually left the Wood and have ridden abroad and have even ridden with the Whiteguard at times.  These creatures are quite different from men but similar enough in characteristics that we can at least comprehend something of their nature.  
The Mistborn are another thing entirely.  They are rumored to frequent the Fairywood but legend holds that they can be seen almost anywhere and at the strangest times.  They go about by means unknown, upon errands of which only they know the purpose.  They are said to be not quite solid just like their namesake, neither are they thought to be easily slain by mortal blade.  Some say they are servants of the Master, while others think them quite their own masters, and still others fear them to be some phantasm of the darkness.  They seem to appear most frequently wherever trouble is or is soon to be.  Some consider them harbingers of doom while a few whisper that they are actually saviors in a hopeless night.  Whatever they are, I would be cautious in my dealings with them my children.  Now Clara, tell me what happened when you glimpsed this creature.  Did you interact with it at all or simply glimpse it from a distance?”
Clara beamed in delight and recited her full tale, “I was in the wood a’gathering berries as mama told me when thin tendrils of mist crept out of the low places and gathered round about me.  Suddenly it started to glow with a light like the morning sun and a woman appeared in its midst, as if she had been lost in deepest fog and suddenly became visible as the fog thinned.  She was the most beautiful creature I have ever seen and it seemed the light came from her.  She asked if I would like to go with her.  I was silent for fear and awe and then cried out in a fright that I would have to ask my mother and ran with all my might until I came out of the woods.  What does it mean granny?”  
Granny looked thoughtful for a moment and said, “I do not know my dear.  Perhaps there is some danger coming and she wishes to bear you to safety or perhaps she wishes to spirit you away for her own strange reasons.  You must certainly tell your mother.”  
“But what am I to do if she comes again?” asked the girl.  
The old woman shook her head gravely but made no answer.  Clara wasted no time in telling both of her parents as they sat over supper.  The pair exchanged a concerned look and her mother said, “darling, are you certain you saw such a creature and it was not just weariness playing on an overactive imagination?”  
The girl glowered at such an insult and then sighed in exasperation as she saw plainly that neither of her parents believed her.  “Mama,” said she, “what am I to do if she comes again?”  
Her mother smiled slightly and said, “of course you may go with her dear, but you must be home in time for dinner.”  
Clara sighed and finished her food in silence.  Granny and Kyan exchanged a concerned look at the disbelief of the others while the skeptics shared a knowing smile.  Their daughter was not prone to fits of whimsy but there was no reason she could not suddenly start, especially after all the recent excitement over Kyan’s tales and the complaining of the old man upon the green about such fancies.
After the meal was cleaned up, Clara said sadly to granny, “they do not believe me!”  
Granny said gently, “grownups sometimes forget the wisdom of childhood, but take heart my dear, for perhaps they will realize their shortsightedness soon enough.”  
Clara sighed again but tried to find solace in her grandmother’s words.  Kyan sat quietly by the fire, contemplating his sister’s strange adventure and trying to decide whether he should follow her into the woods on the morrow to see this strange apparition for himself, should it appear.  Kyan awoke early and hurried through his morning chores that he might be free in time to follow his sister should she venture again into the woods in search of berries, wraiths, or both.  He was both intrigued, terrified, and skeptical that such a creature could truly visit so common a place as the woods about their farm.  The Fairywood, where such creatures must certainly be common, lay far to the north while the dominions of the Dark Prince lay far to the south.  
In between lay a vast stretch of land inhabited by men and divided up into many countries each ruled by its own King, but the minions of the Dark Prince rode freely where they would and did as they pleased.  They killed, kidnapped, or stole whatever and whomever they wanted.  Some of the local lads sometimes volunteered to ride away with the Blackguard in hopes of joining it and gaining for themselves power and wealth beyond the normal means of men of their standing.  Besides the human soldiers, it was rumored that there were far more terrible and unnatural creatures that roamed about at the bidding of their dark master.  Such a patrol however, had not ridden through this part of the world in a generation and it was hoped that such peace would continue.  Many rulers paid tribute to the Dark Prince in both valuables and people that their own lands might be spared such predations by his roving minions.  Those nations closest to the south and the least despotic were the most prone to such invasion.
Clara was sent again into the forest to gather the seasonal fruits with which her mother would make many lovely jams and pies.  Her supposed encounter of the previous day had cut short her foraging so her mother was even more anxious to be provided with the first fruits of the season.  The girl was eager but also a little afraid to meet the strange woman again in the woods.  She clutched her basket, as if it were the only thing protecting her from the strange apparition and boldly made her way again to the place where she had seen the woman.  Kyan followed at a distance and kept to the cover of the bushes that lined the path upon which his sister trod.  Now and then she would gather a handful of berries but for the most part she spent her time looking about anxiously for some sign of her phantasm.  The day was growing old and the normal mist of evening began to creep out of the low places as Clara turned towards home rather disappointed when, there before her the mist began to glow, but this time with the intensity of the moon rather than the new risen sun.  Again the woman stood before her though this time she looked more solid than before but also more anxious.  She glanced about carefully and seemed to be straining her ears at something beyond mortal hearing before she focused on the child before her.  
Kyan crouched on a slight ridge above the path, well hidden by the verdant spring growth.  He was silent in awe as he watched the pair interact.  The woman said in a voice sweeter than that of any bird, “will you come away with me child?  There is not much time!”  Again she seemed to listen to something beyond hearing.  She glanced anxiously down the path and finally said, “we must go now else it is too late.  Will you come?”  
Clara smiled in trepidation and said, “mama said I could go as long as I was back for supper.”  
The woman said simply, “I fear you shall have no supper to return to.  But take my hand now, if you will.”  
The girl thought about this for a moment but suddenly grim determination blazed upon her face as she remembered her parents’ disbelief and she thrust her hand into that of the waiting woman.  No sooner had Clara taken the woman’s hand than they both grew very misty and suddenly vanished, as if becoming part of the fog itself.  Suddenly the sound of thundering hooves was heard in the distance and a dozen horses galloped through the place where the pair had stood.  Kyan froze in terror and his heart clenched to see the black banner and uniforms borne by the party which could mean only one thing: the Dark Prince had not overlooked their small corner of the world forever, as some had foolishly hoped.  




‘By Candlelight,’ an excerpt from “Over the Hills and Faraway:”

‘How many miles to Babylon?’
‘Three score miles and ten.’
‘Can I get there by candlelight?’
‘Yes, and back again.
If your heels are nimble and light,
You may get there by candlelight.’
~Nursery Rhyme~


A single candle guttered fretfully on the bedside table, little noticed by either the grief stricken old dame in the chair with her careworn face in her hands or the silent, wan figure in the bed.  The little girl fought for her life against a fever that had already claimed countless victims down through the ages while the old woman’s whole world flickered on the brink of extinction like the forgotten candle, for the child was all she had left of kith or kin and this night would either end her struggles permanently or see the dawn of a brighter morning.  So did the girl wander in troublous dream while her grandmother fervently prayed that some miracle might yet spare the stricken child.
The little girl was warm, oh so warm, she sat up in bed and stared longingly out the window into the cool of an autumn night, but terrified of the darkness, she took up the candle before she hastened out into the refreshing breeze that whispered of winter’s coming.  She danced gaily down the fieldstone walk her great grandfather had laid down for his new bride so many long years ago, rejoicing in her freedom after so many days abed, afflicted with fever, delirium, and pain.  Her merry laughter was echoed back by the bright stars, her dear friends since first she thought to name them.  A gentle path wound leisurely through the tame wood that surrounded her grandmother’s small cottage and she thought what a joy it must be to tread it in the mysterious shadows of moon and creeping mist.  She turned her steps thither and was soon lost amongst the swaying shadows of bare limbed trees.  She skipped down the familiar path, now turned fey with moonlight, mist, and dancing shadows, singing as merrily as a skylark on the wing with only her candle for company.
    How long or far she traveled, she did not know, but the world was now utterly strange about her.  The mist had thickened and glowed slightly in the starlight, for the very stars were odd, gleaming in peculiar brilliance and number in their courses above.  The trees were far fewer in number and widely scattered, but of such beauty and stature, height and girth, that she felt this wood was planted at the dawning of the world.  There was a feel in the air, an imperceptible song, that trembled with Joy itself.  The old year was dying, but in this strange wood, she was certain it was always Spring.  She stopped and gazed about her in awe and wonder, her very being quivering in delight just to exist in this marvelous place.  She wondered if she had strayed into one of the outer provinces of a lost country of the fairyfolk.
When a unicorn stepped out of the luminous mist and greeted her by name, she was in nowise surprised, rather had a common rabbit hopped across her path she would truly have been astounded.  For here she felt sure only dwelt that which was never seen by the light of common star.  She smiled upon the wondrous beast and walked along beside him, discussing all the questions and mysteries of the ages before and yet to come, her childish mind strangely capable of understanding all his wise and beautiful speech.  So did they wander until dawn hinted at her coming, but the girl thought that should she witness the imminent morn, never again could things be what they once were.  They stopped then on a hill, overlooking a little cottage that huddled forlornly in the dull grey of the predawn, mist shrouding it like a pall.  Behind them, a bright and golden path led onward into an eternal morning.
Said the creature quietly, “will you descend or will you arise and go?”
The candle was now burning low and she knew she would never need it more upon that wondrous path, but perhaps her grandmother sat alone in the dark and wondered what had come of her.  She sighed heavily and looked into the fathomless eyes of her companion, asked she, “must I return?”
He smiled slightly, knowing the burning ache to go that fretted like some trapped wild thing in her heart, but said he quietly, “the choice is yours child.  The time of parting is upon you, but there is one that begs that it might be deferred a little while.”
The child looked gravely at her candle and then upon the sad little cottage in the dell below.  She smiled sadly up at her companion and said, “I had best return the light to poor, dear grandmama, that she not linger on alone in darkness and fear.”
He nodded and said warmly, “I will await you here.”
She was about to ask how long he might wait and knew that he would bide there for all eternity if he must.  Her smile deepened and her heart grew firm in its resolve as she descended the hill and bore the sputtering candle back home.

The candle on the bedside table finally went out, fully spent, but the sun peeped in the window and chased away the night’s lingering shadows.  The child on the bed stirred and the woman by her side looked up from her grievous dreams.  The girl sat up and smiled wondrously at the old matron, saying, “I have brought back your light grandmama!”
The old woman smiled in relief and greatest joy, “that you have my darling, that you have!” 




Excerpt from “On Heroes: A Foible:”

Aido had been an under-clerk for the Department of Prophecy Amelioration for over a decade, and at last he was about to embark on his first undercover investigation.  He had been in training for years: working out, perfecting his combat techniques, learning to procure and prepare ‘wild food,’ studying old maps and forgotten languages, familiarizing himself with the prophetic writings of every culture, real or imagined, learning the arts of healing, riding, and woodcraft, and only shaving every third day.  Finally, his superiors had decided that he was ready to be promoted to the rank of Investigator for the Sub-department of Hero Isolation and Containment.  He happily walked over to the Repository of Draught and Riding Beasts to procure his very own work vehicle; hopefully something in a blood bay with a little spirit, but that was asking for too much, after all, his was a bureaucratic position.  
At least he was not assigned the riding ox or the donkey that would only go left regardless of whether you asked him to stop, turn, or back up.  He took the reins from the bored looking kid who worked the desk and looked over his new wheels skeptically; it had four legs at least, that was a start.  The sorrel coat would blend in with every other horse on the planet, which was far from exciting, but perhaps being inconspicuous would be an advantage in the field.  It would get him where he needed to go in an efficient manner and that was all the Department cared about.  He sighed and led the beast out of the Repository and parked it in the loading area before going to retrieve the rest of his equipment.
If the horse wasn’t exciting, maybe his weapons allotment would be.  Aido stood in line for what seemed hours as a fusty old lady pottered about behind the counter of the Dispensary of Potentially Lethal Implements, adjusting her glasses and scratching her head in confusion every three seconds.  Finally his turn came and he handed over the paperwork requisitioning what he would need for his field investigation.  She stared at him blankly, blinked a few times like a confused chicken, and then after a few minutes of silence said, “you will have to come back after the Midday Ingestion Break, Investigator.  You know it is against Regulations for me or anyone else to do any sort of Official Business between the hours of Twelve and Thirteen.”  He stared at her in astonishment, not believing it was already that late in the day and dreading the thought of more delay, but there was nothing to be done.  If either of them were caught working over the Break, the results would be catastrophic.  He said something inconsequential and made his way to the Room of Edible Procurement and then returned to the Dispensary to wait, finding that he had lost his place in line.  He sat down with a sigh and tried not to weep in frustration.  Finally, just before the Afternoon Refreshment Period, he was allowed to get his allotment of PLIs.  Like the horse, there was nothing at all interesting about the assortment of weapons but they were functional at least.
Quite nervous that he would not be able to leave today after all, he hurried to the Division of Wardrobe Affairs to outfit himself for his new role and thankfully arrived after the Refreshment Period.  He stared glumly at the bundle of clothing, knowing it looked like it was supposed to but that the material and craftsmanship would not hold up if he encountered any weather that was not sunny and warm.  The middle-aged clerk watched his reaction carefully, with a slight sneer on his face, saying as he saw Aido’s dismay, “don’t blame me, we have limited time to make the stuff and whoever bought the material got a great deal on it, but I wouldn’t use it for rags, but it ain’t my fault.”  
Aido sighed again and left with his allocation of lousy clothes.  Finally, with the sun low on the horizon, he returned to his nondescript horse to pack and be gone, but it took him another half hour to figure out which of the eight sorrel geldings in the loading area was his.  When he finally identified the beast, he almost turned right around and demanded his old job back, for there was a parking ticket tucked into the creature’s bridle.  He glanced at the sign, thirty minute parking indeed!  He loaded the saddlebags and swung into the saddle.  With a grim smile, he crumpled up the fine and tossed it over his shoulder and then urged his horse to a trot before anything else could delay him.
He stood outside the Edifice of Monetary Exchange and wanted to scream.  He needed to make a withdrawal from the Department’s account to finance his journey but the facility was closed and would not open again for three days, as it was an Obscure Holiday Weekend (Foot Fungus Awareness Day).  Aido could not wait that long or his superiors would demand to know why he was so inefficient in his duties.  He had no choice but to hope there was a branch Edifice in one of the villages through which he would undoubtedly pass.  He turned his mediocre beast and made his way out of the city.  Darkness had fallen, forcing him to pull over for the night.  He glanced about hopefully, but there was no sign of either an Approved Nocturnal Repose Sight or a House of Temporary Accommodation for Wayfarers.  He could get in trouble for camping in an unapproved fashion but it was a risk he would have to take, and with the mood he was in, he was quite ready to defy any and every regulation he could think of.  He even built a fire without a permit from the Incendiary Activity Coordinator and used wood without asking leave of the Arboreal Comptroller.  The cheery blaze revealed a sardonic smile on the face of the Investigator as he rethought the day and began to wonder at his previous eagerness for this assignment.
He had always been as much a stickler for the rules as any petty bureaucrat could be, but after all the headache and frustration of the day, he began to wonder at his previous zeal for such stipulations.  With these uneasy thoughts on his mind, he turned over and tried to sleep in as unregulated a fashion as possible.  The birds awoke far earlier than any sensible regulatory body or department could fathom, a challenge the Avian Affairs Agency was still trying to bring under control, but the small, feathered fiends just would not submit to their authority though fines and imprisonment had all been tried, alas to no avail.  Aido was glad there was something in the Universe that had as yet defied regulation and even more grateful that he would be up and on his way long before the lackeys of the Thoroughfare Safety and Compliance Administration were abroad.  His more sensible side began to regret his rashness with the parking ticket, but another part of him laughed mercilessly at the part that fretted over such a trifling matter.  He gathered up his gear, mounted his horse, and continued on his way.
It was just the sort of day to prolong the usefulness of his standard issue substandard clothing and his heart rejoiced in the beauty of the morning, quite insensible that he was violating at least nine subparagraphs of the Modern Aesthetic Code, which frowned upon such natural splendor and the enjoyment thereof, rather preferring the appreciation of the far more grotesque and grim (not to mention more financially lucrative) products of the modern writers, musicians, and painters.  But what did this mere underling know of High Culture and the Finer Things of Life?  He rode along amongst the bucolic charm all about him, content in his ignorance.  The plain old horse jogged along indifferent to the countryside about him, and therefore quite obviously a lover of Fine Things and of a higher social order than his master.  They came to a sizable market town that afternoon and Aido hoped to make a successful withdrawal from his work account to finance the remainder of his mission, else the paperwork to obtain a reimbursement of his expenditures would take the rest of his mortal days to accomplish.
He stopped before the newest and ugliest building in town, certain that it must be what he sought.  It was, but like every other public institution, it was also closed in observance of an Official Obscure Holiday Weekend.  Apparently his work related expenditures would have to be passed on to his children as an inheritance as he would not live long enough to be reimbursed.  He sighed and urged the beast out of town before he started screaming in frustration and risked being locked away as a lunatic or a disturber of the peace.  Aido rode on for another hour before stopping alongside a happy creek, where he decided to take a break from his saddle and water his highly efficient mode of transportation.  He mused upon his assignment and its futility as he leaned on the bridge railing and watched the gladsome water frolic in its stony channel beneath him.  He wished his life could be as happy and careless as that unceasing flow.  Another day of riding would bring him to his destination, perhaps his previous enthusiasm would then return once he was truly doing what he had always dreamt of doing one day and for which he had spent his entire life preparing.  With a heavy sigh he climbed back into his saddle, knowing chances were very good that only his loathing would grow in the days to come, for his heart had grown cold towards his first and only love.  He rode on, wondering what he was riding towards or perhaps more correctly what he was trying to escape.
He passed through several small villages while the day lasted, each with its own Regulation Stopping Places but he ignored them and rode on, enjoying the illicit thrill of thwarting the over-regulation under which he had happily toiled his entire life.  Thankfully it was a Holiday Weekend, else he might not have made it through the first village without being apprehended by the local constabulary for his various, heinous crimes against humanity and the world in general, to say nothing about the discarded traffic citation.  He rode on through more and more villages, each more forgettable than the last, laid out in the precise pattern required by the Zoning Commission of Outlying Settlements.  He camped again in an unregulated fashion before rising on the Official Obscure Holiday and rode into Happytown in time for the Midday Ingestion Break.  He glanced around uneagerly at yet another cookie cutter village and sighed, but he had work to do.  He entered the Requisite Lodging and Nourishment Establishment for Transients, the only place open on an Official Obscure Holiday, and allowed the flighty teenaged hostess to seat him in the nearly empty common dining area and acknowledged that he would gladly consume the Daily Balanced and Nutritious Repast.  She returned with the unassuming concoction in a bowl and set a mug of some viscous purplish-green liquid before him that smelled of aged turnips and old socks, which immediately killed what little appetite he had.
As he was staring balefully at his inedible Repast, a man with a knowing look in his eyes seated himself beside the Investigator and smiled superciliously at him.  Said the newcomer without preamble, “you work for the Feds don’t you.”  It was not a question.  
Aido looked up in surprise but did not deny it, saying, “what gave me away?”  
The man’s smile became condescending, “anyone dressed in cloth of that poor a make must either be destitute or a government employee.”  He laughed in derision, “my brother is a fabric merchant and makes a handsome living by selling such pathetic material by the square acre to lackeys in the Department of Acquisition and Distribution of Necessary Consumables.  He makes more per yard from that flimsy stuff than he does selling the finest material available to the Great Lords.”  
Aido smiled ironically, “that does not surprise me in the least.”  
Said the stranger, “so what are you doing here?  Obviously you are here on Official Unofficial Business else you’d be in a Right and Proper Uniform.”  
Said Aido warmly, “I am here to discover if any Heroes might be budding in Happytown.  Certain of the Prophecies hint at just such an Occurrence in the very near future.”  
The man laughed, “trying to thwart Prophecy again, are they?  Will you people ever realize there are just some things government cannot control?”
Aido stared at his regulation soup in dismay, “that I highly doubt.”  
Said the man eagerly, “so just what happens if you discover said Hero?”  
Aido said dryly, “we offer him a great government job.  If he declines that, then he gets to attend Mandatory Reeducation Sessions for the Socially Dysfunctional and will inevitably end up committing suicide, excuse me, I mean he will choose Elective Self Annihilation.”  
“Lovely,” said his companion, “you people have a title for everything!”  
Aido smiled wryly, “the Department of Nomenclature is the biggest division of the government.”  He glanced around furtively and said, “I would rather get out of this line of work.  The sooner the better.”  
The stranger brightened, “with that I may be of assistance.”  He continued with an amused smile, “are you aware that you are a fugitive?”  
Aido frowned, “I was not aware that it was Official, but it would not surprise me, though it is an Obscure Holiday.  The parking fine?”  
The stranger laughed, “you didn’t?!”  
Aido caught his amusement and nodded, “I carelessly tossed it aside.”  He then whispered, “among other vicious crimes.”  
The stranger smiled deeply, “then I will gladly aid your disappearance.  We criminals must stick together.  Come!”  They stood silently, heartlessly leaving the inedible fodder on the table and a less than standard tip for the Hostess.
As they walked inconspicuously down the street, Aido noticed several posters bearing his face and emblazoned with directions for his immediate apprehension.  They continued their steady, unhurried progress (so as not to draw attention) and turned down a smaller lane that apparently vanished into the neatly managed coppice behind the village.  Eventually the Regulation Side Path crossed the threshold into the Unregulated and Semi-wild Wooded Area and became as unmanaged as the forest through which it wound.  They continued on in silence for nearly an hour, and only when they felt themselves truly alone and unobserved did the stranger finally speak, “so what has prompted your flight from Order my friend?”

In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea
Excerpt from ‘Of Tea... and Things’

There she stood in her second best dress on the front steps of her husband’s marvelous and imposing townhouse, clutching the most disreputable portmanteau in the staff’s possession, or at least the most scandalous specimen that could be procured on short notice.  She would not even have been allowed to keep the dress, had it not been considered quite improper to allow her back inside to change into something less grand.  She had never imagined when she had stepped out that morning to make a call upon a certain influential social matron that she would be facing such a crisis upon her return, had she known that to be the case, she at least would have worn her Best Dress, a scandal in its own right certainly, but one easily overlooked in the even deeper scandal that had washed over her with all the rage and suddenness of a tsunami.  Of course she had never worn the Best Dress, no one did, not unless the Queen herself happened to stop by unannounced for tea!  Her current surprise was no less had that been the shock awaiting her but it was certainly far less pleasant, or so she assumed, never having had tea with Her Majesty, she could not be quite certain, but she thought it was at least probable.
She tried to plead again with the dour faced butler but he only shook his head grimly and pointed harshly down the road, as if she were naught but a beggar woman squatting upon the doorstep rather than his mistress of a decade.  Former mistress it seemed.  Said the appalled housekeeper, from behind the grim brute of a butler who seemed suddenly all brawny shoulders, a feature she had never before paid much heed, “move along miss, it would not do to make a scene.”
With a final sigh, her shoulders slumping and her elegant train trailing dejectedly after her, Iris descended the proud and fashionable steps, wondering what the society papers would say on the morrow and how many hidden eyes were watching from behind seemingly vacant windows.  There was no sense arguing, it was just the way things were.  She had forgotten, well she knew this day might come, but she had hoped something would happen to spare her such an ignomious fate, that her husband’s fondness for her would somehow protect her, that he might forget, but it seemed that he had not and no amount of love, however inordinate, could make up for the indignity she had caused him, the insult was unforgivable and imperiling his family line as she had was perhaps the greatest indignity of all, if not a crime in and of itself.
‘Miss,’ the word haunted her, she who had only that morning stepped out as Mrs. Iris Andromeda Baren Candor Donaldo Eveleff Garand Hatt Indigo...Zebula.  Twenty-six surnames, one for each letter of the alphabet, outlining her husband’s extensive, impressive, and most ancient lineage, but now she was simply ‘miss.’  She opened the bag hopefully, for perhaps her future lay therein, but there was nothing within, save a few sentimental knickknacks she had brought with her upon her most fortuitous marriage.  Once fabulously wealthy, her material worth was now as diminished as her name.  She had a few coins about her person, a surplus of lace handkerchiefs, and a fan, but nothing else save the clothes on her back and the hat on her head.  Perhaps she could still return home, she doubted it, but it was the only thing she could think of to spare herself from an even less desirable fate.
She raised a hand to hail a cab, a thing no proper lady would do, for that is what one had servants for, so it took no little time to actually attract that attention of a driver and get him to pull his overworked nag over to the side of the pavement whereon her former ladyship stood.  They assumed she was having a fit or communicating with some other personage or fainting or something appropriately ladylike, not trying to get the attention of such a loathsome creature as a cabby.  But at last someone did dare to thwart all common reason and social propriety and pulled over to see what the perplexing dame was up to, but not before a rather scandalous looking person, who made Iris’s skin crawl even at a distance, sidled up to her most knowingly and said in very familiar tones, “there’s but one thing for you to do miss, you’re still a pretty-ish thing, and don’t you worry, we’ll be waiting when you finally resign yourself to reality.”  He winked at her in a most reprehensible fashion and then slouched off rather too smugly for anyone’s comfort but his own.
Iris shuddered in revulsion as she climbed into the cab, gave her address, and tried not to think as they rolled off in the direction of her childhood home.  She couldn’t, absolutely not!  But if her parents likewise disowned her, it would be her only option.  But no, they wouldn’t, they couldn’t!  But they did.  The cab drew up in a very unfashionable part of town and she paid him his fare, all she had left and with nothing extra for his trouble.  She couldn’t tell if he was angry, scandalized, or seemed to understand her plight, so blank were his face and eyes, the result of a lifetime of carrying to and fro those whose business was none of his.  The vehicle rattled off and she prepared to face her parents, hoping against hope that they would not see things as all of society did, that this scandal was none of her own doing, but they undoubtedly would.
Her father was a craftsman, he worked with his hands, and while he made a good living for his large family, such a family was not likely to be the source of a bride for one of society’s elite; it just wasn’t done.  So it was quite the fairy tale to those who knew the family, and quite the scandal to everyone else, when his Lordship had chosen Iris to be his bride.  It was the habit of some of the great lords’ sons and certain wealthy young bucks to go ‘slumming’ amid the lower classes as both a form of amusement and a means of temporally escaping the stuffy and inflexible world into which they had been born.  They’d don ‘rough’ clothes and attend a public ball in the less affluent parts of town and dance the night away with many a miller’s daughter and tradesman’s niece.  It was in just such an environment that Iris met her husband, well former husband, and he was so taken with her that he insisted on marrying her.
Many insisted that he would one day rue his choice, mostly those with eligible daughters of their own, and today seemed to be proving them right.  She was neither rich nor powerful nor did she know anyone who was, but her family was respectable, if middle class, but most importantly, she came of a large and healthy family.  Her mother had been prolific in the production of children and he had no doubt that it was a trait his admired lady would likewise possess.  So they were married, much to the delight of everyone who had any care or love for the happiness of those involved, but all others were appalled, most especially his peers and relations.  Gradually they got used to the idea and the scandalized talk and impolite remarks vanished into the background as other, more interesting scandals arose to replace them, but they would no doubt spring back to life after today’s little affair.
It was exactly ten years and nine months to the day since she wed what she thought was the love of her life, but here she stood outside the door of her childhood home, hoping that her parents would welcome her home once more.  But the unemotional maid that answered the door did not look like a bearer of gladsome tidings, said she in a scandalized tone, “please come round to the back, miss, the front door is only for proper visitors.”
Ugh!  At least they answered the door, perhaps they just wanted to avoid more public scandal, best to keep this affair away from prying eyes in any case.  She hustled to the door that opened off a side alley into the kitchens, hoping to find peace at last, but she was merely handed a few table scraps for her trouble and told that the master of the house, though not unkindly, was not prone to humor beggars who repeatedly accosted his servants.  Beggar?!  But in truth that’s what she was, she had dared marry into one of the Great Families, and in failing to uphold her part of the bargain, after the legally prescribed period, she was cast back into the street, and having thus embarrassed herself and all the Greats so thoroughly, her family dared not offer her succor, lest they seem complicit in the eyes of all society in this most unfortunate affair.  There were also yet children at home and the presence of such a specter lurking about the house would undoubtedly affect their chances of marrying well, or at all.  To them and all society, it was as if she had never been.  She wasn’t even considered as one dead, one who at least had lived and would be missed, rather she no longer existed and never had.
What was left to her?  She considered the filthy and disreputable man who had accosted her, almost as dreadful as her handbag, but she shuddered in disgust, she’d rather starve!  Staring down bleakly at her meager handful of scraps, the only legacy her parents would bequeath her, she knew she very well might.  But it would be far better to die an honest, though wretched death, than to play the harlot for her bread.  But was there no other choice?  She sighed heavily as she slunk out of the alley, little heeding where she was going but knowing she could no longer remain where she was, all of her attention was focused inward on the disaster that was now her life.
It wasn’t her fault, or so she hoped, she really didn’t mean to be barren, she came of fruitful stock on both sides, but in those ten years and nine months, she had never given her husband even the hope of a child.  But as far as society saw it, she had deceived him, wasted precious time in which he might have been fathering children, endangered the stability of the family line, for what would happen if he died without leaving children?  She did have to smile, in a grim and ironic sort of way, that she had had ten years and nine months, just in case she happened to conceive on the last day of the prescribed ten years, you never could tell, but as she had not produced an heir in the final nine months either, she was unceremoniously cast from her home and society, driven from safety and security like a common thief.  And now her only hope was to become a harlot, this too elicited that grimly amused smile, for what safer woman for such a job?  There being so slight a chance of producing bastard children and the lady herself being cast out of all decent society, in desperate need of both sustenance and protection.
Better to face the Wilds than suffer such a fate!  She stood on the edge of town, her unwitting wanderings having brought her thus, near one of the great gates that opened in the wall surrounding the city and allowed traffic in and out during daylight hours, but which were firmly shut every evening to keep Things out.  What Things, she had never rightly heard, it wasn’t proper for her young female mind to be apprised of such Things, but rest assured, between the Wall and the Watch, she’d not need to worry about any of them.  She just needed to focus on finding a decent husband.  Well, that and having a superfluity of children.  She had succeeded quite well in the first case but failed abysmally in the second.  With a heavy sigh, she marched straight out the gate and into the wide world without and none dared stop her, for though a lady of breeding NEVER left the Walls without a proper escort, it was even more taboo to interfere with such, no matter how improper seemed her intentions.
She had travelled abroad several times with her husband upon various errands and visits, but she had never left town alone and afoot before, certainly not as a girl, for even people of her father’s lowly social status had Standards.  But she was quite thoroughly disgusted with Standards and for a time relished the odd looks shot her way by the various farmers, tradesmen, and servants that passed her by upon their own errands.  She found it quite exhilarating at first, to be thwarting social conventions so thoroughly; cast her out would they?!  Well, she might just as well spurn them!  She’d leave of her own accord and that was that.  The leaving part was easy, it was what was to be done afterwards that terrified her enough that the ratty man’s offer didn’t seem so bad upon recollection, but she chastised herself as a milk-hearted sniveler and kept marching further away from the only life she had ever known, but just what was she speeding towards?
Things.  Oh why oh why would they not tell her about Things?!  Not knowing was probably worse than the most horrid truth, then she must resort to making things up and a young girl’s imagination could be quite gruesome, likely more so than the actual reality.  Well, this was her big chance to find out.  And whatever her fate, it couldn’t be worse than harlotry, not that she knew much about that either, just enough to encourage her to produce a baby or ten lest it be all her future.  She started to cast back within her mind, seeking stories, rumors, gossip, lies, anything she could remember of life outside the city, beyond the town, things her brothers discovered in their studies, overheard snippets of the servants’ gossip, gran’s fireside tales, the talk amongst her father’s friends over their pipes when she was thought long abed.
Of course she had been taught, as all decent and proper young ladies were, about the Old World, and the Ancient Days, of all the horrible and uncouth things that had happened before civilization and decency and Standards, when the world was wild and young and wide, when people were the myth and all sorts of uncouth folk roamed the earth.  But all that happened in another age, another time, probably in another place, for nothing very interesting ever happened in or near the city, at least that she had ever heard of, at least not interesting to her, she didn’t consider the latest social scandal intriguing in the least, which may be why she never quite fit in to Society, children or not. 
As the day began to fade into evening, she allowed herself a brief respite from her introspection to take the lay of the land and consider what might be her best option for the imminent night.  The fields and pasturelands and neat little coppice woods that had straddled the road for the entirety of the journey suddenly gave way before her to a wood seemingly as dark and expansive as the night sky that seemed intent upon devouring all that remained of the dying day.  The road itself skirted this impressive forest by a wide margin, continuing on its prim and proper way, seemingly contemptuous of the wild and unkempt country that bordered one side.  Well, thought she, Society and their Standards have utterly cast me out, why should I tread their roads and prescribed paths any longer?  So with a shrug of defiance, she stepped off the smug little road and clove her way into the murky and trackless wood.
The first thing she noticed was that her fashionable garb, though quite suited to the trackless wastes of societal gatherings, was quite a hindrance in actual trackless wastes.  The second was that it was quite dark, as if one had foolishly locked oneself inside a wardrobe.  Unable any longer to ascertain what was before her, and tripping most inelegantly over some branch or rock, and even uncertain where the edge of the forest now lay, she could do little but sit down and cry, for at last her heart had caught up with her mind, originally numbed by the shock of it all, she had been able to act almost dispassionately, but out here, at last, her sorrow and fears overtook her.  Of course proper ladies were not allowed to cry, but as she was no longer of that ilk, she unashamedly wept her little heart out until at last she passed blissfully into unknowing sleep.

“She did what?!” said the astonished, though otherwise thoroughly tidy, man in wonder.
“She vanished into that dratted Wood, sir,” said the equally flabbergasted henchman, adding quickly, “I offered her the usual and assumed she’d come begging the moment she discovered just how limited her options were.  I never took her for the outdoorsy type.”
“If she was just some common trollop,” began the distinguished looking man, dressed to the height of current fashion, as he pensively paced the room, “it would be of no matter if she did choose to so lose herself and be set upon by Things.  No one would care or notice, but this chit was special!  I had a double-sided list as long as my arm of gentlemen callers wanting to make her acquaintance.  It is not often such a scandal rocks Society and when it does, our men of Fashion should be able to take advantage of it.  She’s costing me money, lots of money, and worse, notoriety!  Her reputation alone is worth more than five of my most talented ladies combined.”  He glared at the hapless minion as if this whole fiasco was his fault, “have we no options?”
“You know no one who goes into that Wood ever returns,” stuttered the terrified henchman, “at least in a recognizable form.”
“True,” sighed the dandy, “too true, you should have just kidnapped her outright.”
“Knowing what we do now, I would have, but I like to give them the chance to despair first,” smiled the lackey wickedly, “it makes their final surrender and despair all the sweeter and seems to even make them grateful to us for saving them from utter ruin.”
“Why can’t she just be reasonable like every other girl in the realm?” mused the cad in a gentleman’s garb.
“There were whispers you know, sir,” said the flunky in dubious and hushed tones.
“Yes,” slurred that non-gentleman, “and if true, perhaps she would have been a most troublesome acquisition indeed.  But was there truly any proof that she did, indeed,” he paused cautiously, as if to ensure they were truly alone before continuing in a quieter voice, as he uttered the astonishing word, “read?”
“I managed to speak to several of her former staff, both in her husband’s and her father’s house, and they agreed that she did in fact do just that,” said the sub-villain, not daring even to say the dastardly deed aloud.
“It is not,” mused the senior villain, “that a lady cannot be allowed to read, but it is her choice of literature that is of the utmost import.  You are certain it was not just flimsy novels and the society papers?”
“Nay milord,” said the henchman grimly, “it was books, solid and heavy books, any she could lay hand to, not that it was an easy thing in her social circumstances, but they say she found rather creative ways to go about it, vulgar chit!”
“Does she know something we do not about that forest or Things?” asked he.
“I doubt it sir,” said the henchman boldly, “for even the most well read of men knows little of that cursed Wood, and whatever means she used to contrive access to a book, it is very unlikely she would come across anything helpful in that regard when men with ready access to such information know nothing.”
“Quite true,” said the non-gentleman in growing good humor, “perhaps she would have been quite an encumbrance to own, a pity, but perhaps it is for the best after all.”

While Iris could see nothing going on around her, not only because she was sleeping as one dead, but also because that peculiar Wood was draped in an unnatural night, that did not mean things weren’t going on.  While all the human folk in those parts thought this particular Wood haunted, cursed, forsaken, et cetera, it was really none of those things, for it was always near to bursting with activity of various sorts and tenanted by some of the most upstanding individuals imaginable, though perhaps they did not recognize the Standards as holy writ, which was probably the main argument against calling such folk civilized, they were quite civilized in their own particular way, one which Society might very well have called uncouth, could they ever glimpse such a spectacle of course.  But as they couldn’t, all were kindly spared that sort of unpleasantness.
“A lady?!” said a very astonished voice, lurking in the shrubbery near where said lady reposed in quite un-Standard fashion.
“Quite,” chuckled a second voice in reply.
“Of all the strange and wonderful things one might glimpse in this peculiar Wood,” mused the first, “this is one spectacle I never thought to see.”
“Anything is possible here,” said the second voice in ill-suppressed amusement.
“Anything out of the ordinary,” agreed the first, “but such a spectacle is quite ordinary in the outer world.”
“But it would be a peculiar scene here and thus one would think it quite possible, along with all the other impossible scenes one might certainly witness herein,” continued the second, no longer hiding his mirth.
“I suppose your reasoning must be sound,” said the first with a shake of his head, “if not here, then certainly somewhere.”  He glanced back at the sleeping lady, “but it seems so mundane.”
“Again you are stating the obvious, my friend,” smiled the second, “please stop!”
“But then what shall we speak of?” quoth the first with a wry grin.
“Now who is the one being mundane?” laughed the second outright.
“True,” said the first ruefully, “I sound like some oblivious gentleman at a societal function where we can speak nothing but the blatantly obvious.”
“The lady’s presence is corrupting you already,” said the second in feigned horror, “what will happen to the balance of our acquaintance?”
“Dreadful thought indeed!” agreed the first, but lapsing into sudden silence as the lady in question stirred.
“Who is there?” queried she, trying to sound valiant and unafraid but managing only to sound like a lonely kitten mewing forlornly in a dark alley.  Iris glanced about her futilely, all about her hidden in mist and shadow.  At least the utter black of night had given way to a twilit world of murky shadow but she was still nearly as blind, not even able to see her feet amidst the brume, but she was quite certain she had been wakened by voices.
The first looked at the second in question, he only shrugged and stepped forward out of the swirling mists, that the lady might know what it was that lurked unseen just beyond sight.  She gasped to see that she was not alone in this surreal world, but as she had been anticipating Things, two gentlemen dressed in quality but conservative evening dress were not exactly what she had been expecting, seeing her quickly hidden look of disappointment, the first said to the second, “see, she was thinking to discover something less mundane in this peculiar Wood as well.”  Upon which, all exchanged Standard greetings, before the first spoke once more, “how come you here madam and may we be of any assistance?”
She fought valiantly but the tears still came, said she through her sobs and hiccups, “I am quite at a loss, gentlemen, for I’ve been Forsaken by kith and kin, cast out for the most heinous of offenses.  I wonder that you would even deign speak with me.”
The first man could not suppress a grin, “we don’t often get to read the society papers, milady.  You will be happy to know that your society’s standard is not ours.”
She blinked at him as if he had said he routinely employed an ostrich in lieu of a carriage horse, said she in some befuddlement, “what then is your Standard?  I know I am Outcast, but if you are equally so, have you not turned bandit or outlaw or something equally uncivilized?”
“Your society certainly would not approve of our various goings on, madam,” assured the second, his own grin as wide as his fellow’s, “but we are far from lawless men.  Indeed, we cling to a standard even higher and older than that to which you refer.”
She smiled sadly at these poor benighted men, lost so long in the dark and mist that they must truly have lost all sense of decency and propriety, not to mention physical direction, but then again, it was the Standards that had proclaimed she must be cast from all decent company and protections for an act which was not willfully done and was in nowise her fault and said that her former kith and kin must have nothing whatsoever to do with her ever again whilst these respectable seeming gentlemen were at least treating her as a real and valuable person.
Said she in polite ignorance, “I suppose there must be other Standards in the world, those that govern conduct say in former times or distant places, perhaps it is of this you speak?”
“Something like that indeed, my lady,” said the first with a grandiose bow, “but come, what crime or perception thereof has driven you so far from home?”
They both blinked in wonder at her brief tale, said the second, “and how is it you chose to flee to this peculiar Wood, whose reputation may be even worse among fashionable folk than even the flesh dealers that offered you succor?”
“I’ve never heard aught of this Wood, either good or ill,” said she simply, “women are not told such things.  I’ve tried to read up on things, not Things mind you, but anything I could lay hands on, but even that study was limited, for it is thought quite uncouth for a woman, particularly one of my standing, to know things, especially about Things.”  She brightened significantly at this, “now that I am a woman of ill-repute, will you tell me about the Things?”
“What things?” queried the first in confusion.
“You know!” said she a bit abashedly, “the reason the city has walls, the Things they are meant to keep out!”
The men exchanged a rather amused grin, at which she frowned, thinking their mirth sprang from her ignorance, but the second reassured her, “I am not sure why they built the walls if they think to repel Things from within this Wood, that is utterly ridiculous, but perhaps your folk do not understand that or it makes them feel better regardless, but either way, if the walls were meant to keep your folk safe from Things within the Wood, they are sorely mistaken.”
“I see,” said she rather lamely, but perked up as she considered, “still, if they are afraid of Things, there must be a reason and I would dearly love to learn it.”
“I am afraid what your folk fear and the actual reality of the situation are two very different things, milady,” said the first with a regretful shake of his head, continuing swiftly as she tried to interject eagerly, “and some of those truths cannot be imparted to you, for either the world is not ready or is forbidden from knowing or even we know not the truth of the matter.”
She shut her eagerly gaping mouth and merely broached a disappointed, “oh,” feeling again a little girl whose father had just told her serious books were not within the proper domain of womenfolk.
“That and there is not time enough between now and the end of days to thoroughly discuss such a topic,” added the second hurriedly.
“So you are saying,” mused she, “that though much must yet remain hidden from my ravenously curious mind, there are still enough facts of interest to keep me thoroughly occupied for the rest of my born days?”
“Certainly miss,” grinned the first, “the better question would be, what do you need to know, what would be the most important topic to begin your education?”
She stood and brushed the residual brush from her hopelessly rumpled dress, touched her now feral hair with an appalled hand, only to discover her stylish hat was also missing, and said in resignation, “I suppose one’s wardrobe and appearance are not of the utmost import within this wild wood of yours?  If the residents hereof are not at all concerned with mortal walls, I would assume physical appearance would also be of little import?”  Both men offered her a smart half bow of affirmation, their eyes sparkling in delight at her quick assessment of the situation and seemingly innate understanding thereof.  She glanced around morosely at the unpromising gloom and asked, “and I suppose what I can see of this dismal place is hardly to be used as a measure to judge the Wood as a whole or even in part?”
“Indeed!” agreed the second happily, “you have a fine grasp upon the situation, for having just arrived and being...”  He trailed off awkwardly, not knowing how to state the obvious in a delicate and politic manner.
She grinned at him, quite like an excited and unabashed child, “being a former society matron?”
“Quite,” seconded the first.
“I suppose the most important matter to determine is what is to come of me?” she gazed at her interlocutors earnestly.
“I suppose we cannot just throw her back?” grinned the second in a most impish fashion.
At this, the lady gaped unwittingly like the metaphorical fish to which she had just been compared, little realizing that she had likewise committed a faux pas of vast egregiousness along with her companion: that of comparing a lady to an aquatic animal, it just was not done, at least not in proper circles, but as she glanced about once more, she was reminded just how far removed she now was from those very circles and decided to let the perceived insult pass unremarked, whereat the first came magnanimously to her rescue with, “you shouldn’t compare a lady to a fish, my friend, not on any account.”
“I suppose not,” agreed the second, “but our quandary still remains, bad metaphors aside.”
“It does at that,” frowned the first pensively, eyeing the lady, he asked, “and what shall come of you madam?”
“I haven’t a clue,” said she morosely, “I was hoping you could tell me!”
“The outer world has utterly forsaken you,” mused the second aloud, “yet you have no official place or standing within the Wood.”
“Must I?” queried she, all curiosity.
The first nodded grimly, “aye madam, for without it you would find yourself in grave peril, for there are many factions and an ever shifting balance of power and most of the denizens have little love for mortals.  At best they would ignore you, but there are many who would do far worse for the temerity you have shown in violating their Wood.”
Her eyes narrowed as she studied them anew, “yet you are not afraid to go gallivanting about as it pleases you?”  They both smiled at this, an irksome gesture, reminiscent of a smug and mysterious cat, with just as much hope of prying a satisfactory answer out of them as to the significance thereof.  Sighed she in obvious disdain, “fine, keep your secrets!  I can only then assume that I cannot safely depend upon physical appearance as a concrete sign of anything in this odd place?”
“You are quite correct, milady,” agreed the first, “hope may be found within a monstrous guise and danger in the most innocuous.”
“So you are not two gentlemen of means and leisure who have happened upon me in my hour of need?” asked she.
“We have happened upon you in your hour of need, quite providentially if I may add,” said the second.
“And we are certainly Gentlemen, at least as the term should be defined, though not as the word is realized in your society,” added the First.
“And we are certainly not men of leisure,” chuckled the Second.
Added the First, “but we certainly have the means to accomplish the necessary.”
“So what is to come of me?” asked she plaintively.
“What are your wishes and desires madam?” retorted the First.
“I want to belong somewhere,” said she pensively, “to not be judged by things beyond my control.  To be valued for what I am, rather than for what I am not or what I own or to whom I was born or for what I might do.”
“The search of every quivering soul,” nodded the Second.
“Can I find it?” asked she, hoping against hope, “here or anywhere?”
“It is quite attainable,” smiled the First, “if you truly desire it.”
“I do!” said she, “who doesn’t?”
“Everyone desires it of course,” said the First, “but most prefer to attempt to attain it in their own way, by their own power or cunning or strength, but it can only be attained one way.”
“The Standards?” asked she nervously.
“Is your society’s attempt at attaining it, yes,” nodded the Second sagely, “but it is not the true Way.”
“Good!” said she with a sigh of relief, “for I’ve tried it and found it extremely vexatious and thoroughly wanting.”  Her eyes narrowed suddenly, “how can you be so certain there is only one Way?  That sounds rather myopic and closed minded if there are as many different cultures, tribes, traditions, and peoples in the world and even beyond it as you imply?”
“What does your society think of any that don’t hold their Standard dear?” countered the First.
“We think them uncivilized heathens,” said she at once, narrowing her eyes in thought and adding, “which makes me wonder if the truly civilized way to look at the matter is to see that perhaps there are many roads to the same destination?”
“And what would happen if you found a road and started traveling thereupon, assuming it must bear you wherever you had a mind to go regardless of whither it truly went?” asked the Second.
“That is ridiculous,” giggled she, “a road can only go betwixt the places it is built; my wishes mean nothing.”
“Should not the same be true of attempting to attain a certain end?” queried the first, “If you wish to obtain milk, one does not approach an obliging rock or climb a tree.  Your society is right in its assumption that their Standard must be seen as the only way to achieve their desired end or chaos and confusion would result, even if they are wrong about the means thereof.  They have the right idea but the wrong road.”
“Humph,” grunted she in disgust, realizing how much of a waste her life had been up until this very moment, but brightening added, “so how is one to attain the proper end?”
“Take the right road,” said the First cryptically.
“Show me this way, then,” urged she.
“It will cost you everything, milady,” said the Second quietly.
“I have nothing left,” countered she.
“Materially speaking, perhaps,” agreed the First, but adding, “but what of your hopes, dreams, fears, doubts, time, preferences, prejudices, opinions, and physical being, all that makes up your heart, mind, body, and soul?”
“I must become nothing?” said she in growing alarm.
The Second shook his head minutely and said quietly, so much so that she had to strain to hear him, “we are nothing, or rather, each of us is accounted as nothing when compared to that which we seek.  It is none of our doing, we come naked and empty handed, filthy and alone, disgusting beggars with nothing to recommend us.”
She was trembling, whether in fear or anticipation, perhaps both, she scarcely knew, but licking her lips, she said just as quietly, “I am utterly wretched, beneath these fancy rags lurks nothing of worth or substance, yet you say it need not be so?”
“Aye, milady,” smiled the First in growing anticipation, “in forsaking what we think we want, only then can we discover that which we truly need.”
“Then show me,” said she eagerly.  The two gentlemen exchanged one of those maddeningly mystifying looks, bowed graciously to the lady, and then the world spun into blackness, dark as starless night.

