



Tristan Merryweather, Cheltenham's Finest Supernatural Detective

A Miner Dispute

Alex Retter


Also Starring Tristan Merryweather:
The Brag of Gold



Tristan Merryweather, Cheltenham's Finest Supernatural Detective
In
A Miner Dispute


I

It was the heady days of 2012 when I became, you'll be shocked to hear, a celebrated contributor to his Majesty's Courtroom. Now, we have so far ascertained that I am not a man of particular legal bent, and I certainly don't have the money to be buying myself into such a position. You may then wonder just what I, your beloved detective of all matters paranormal, may have done to deserve such remarkable accreditation. 
   The years twixt these days and those in which you previously found me (potless, indebted to my housekeeper, and soon to be in the services of the rather skewed-of-mind Mr. Delaney) are filled with all manner of instances which are remarkable only in their mediocrity. Since we are now well versed in the manner of my occupation, such tales may not hold a particular amount of amazement for my dearly devoted readership. This particular case, however, may just do so, for it gives not only a fair few thrills but also a little insight into yours truly.
   So, to recap. I am Tristan Merryweather, Tristan Julian Merryweather, thank you very much. My friends, those who I keep, would likely describe me as a rather pretentious fellow with two left feet and a nose as long as the M1. I, on the other hand, would characterise myself as a delightful dandy, one with a wonderful sense of both men's fashion and of the finest teas in all of Christendom. This particular morning for example, I was enjoying a cup of the old Oolong over a plate of imported Dutch biscuits. Of course, men cannot afford such luxury without a source of respectable income, and I was, as of June 2012, rather well-moneyed. The folk who make up Cheltenham's more posh quarters would still have looked down their noses at me of course, but in relative terms I was rolling right in it like a pig in muck. Yes sir, these were good days to be Tristan Julian Merryweather. Except for still having that damn middle name, let's not mention it again, eh?
   I was even dating, yes, dating! My romantic endeavours have been a matter of fluctuation over the years of my charming adulthood. I would describe their occurrences as consistent, while those amongst my (unfortunately rather numerous as we will soon discover) detractors would prefer the term sporadic I fear. My current target of courtship was a delightful and enchantingly scholarly lady by the name of Marianne Spudwell. Though she sounded as if she may have dropped from the pages of a fairytale, she was to me instead one right out of one of my more pay-per-view dreamscapes. She was a librarian, a woman of letters, and was quite smitten with yours truly. Marianne was also rather beautiful, but such things are arbitrary when intellects meet in such a smorgasbord of mutual attraction.
   I settled onto my spotless sofa for a morning of absolutely nothing in particular. My flat was spotless at present. My bed, lodged in its alcove beneath the window, was made, its sheets freshly pressed and changed, while my television sat upon a dustless stand without blemish or crack to note. Even the kitchen pushed up on its far wall, usually the epicentre of particularly stubborn dirt, was sparkling a radiant incandescence which put one in mind of those marvellously arranged abodes you see in up-market property magazines. The housekeeper had come just the day before and had done, as per usual, a wonderful job in remarkably little time. My guilt to come over taking advantage of her generosity was at this point nothing to my mind but impossibility. 
   The reason for my current largesse was down to a peculiar case which had taken place some miles north in the picturesque masterpiece which is the village of Broadway. This is a tourist-trap village whose centre has been given over to all manner of boutiques selling all sorts of local goods, from jams to jodhpurs, antiques to apricots. While over there I made note of the remarkable amount of Asian tourists, enthralled as they were by the perfectly trimmed village green and the spotless local sandstone from which each and every one of the buildings about it were built. On a summer's day the local traders make a killing on ice creams and their well-sourced crafted fare, a little slice of English heaven though suffering from perhaps a small bout of overcrowding.
   Though, of late Broadway had been suffering with a little bit of a problem. See, the local authorities had had reported to them several cases of these vital tourists being accosted on the village's outskirts by some dastardly fellows who had taken to, apparently, throwing stones and pieces of detritus at passing cars. Now, this sounds of course like a matter for the regular constabulary. I cannot abide such wanton disregard for public safety myself, but such matters are quite some way out of my remit to investigate. That was, however, until the head of the parish council, an old associate, got in contact and insisted that the problem was indeed one which fell under my specific area of expertise.
   So off I went over to Broadway. After I had entirely stuffed poor Joan (my beloved Datsun Cherry) with enough local produce to run a four star B&B, I undertook a swift and thorough investigation of the highest professional standards. I came to discover that these incidents were largely restricted to happening post-twilight, out on the village's northern side. A stakeout ensued, and for three nights I lay out there in the bushes and the ditches, my eyes and ears pinned like a cautious rabbit for any signs of bother. Just as I began to lose any hope, at last my quarry revealed itself to me. A Bugbear. No, I do not mean to say that it was a problem, but rather a creature known as a Bugbear.
   Now, Bugbears are a particular species of Hob. In my previous writing we discussed Hobs briefly, namely the local populace who live in the abandoned railway tunnel just outside of Cheltenham. Bugbears are a more specific offshoot, more a type of Bogeyman than your common, knobbly sort of Hob. This Bugbear, however, had a taste for remarkably specific comedy, and had disguised himself in the same regard. See, he was a bug-bear. He had made himself like a giant hornet, two great wings affixed to his hairy back. He was flying at speed into passing cars, cracking windscreens, denting doors, and scratching paint at will. Once I stopped laughing (which took, I'll admit, some time) I dispatched this beastly nuisance forthwith! I told my associate on the old parish council that I had disposed of his Bugbear using my trusty crossbow, and he was most pleased at that. In actuality I have a keen disinterest in blood-sports of any type, and so had instead captured the Bugbear in a jar (not an easy task, let me tell you) and then released him in a local junkyard. There he could scratch and dent and chip to his little heart's content.  Another job well done, a tourist trap saved, and a local economy salvaged. It was just another day for your favourite supernatural detective. 
   I was therefore, plush of pocket and in indulgent mood. Life, on that sunny June morning in 2012 could not have found me in better mood. O, how naive of me to assume that such comfort can last. For if I had known what was about to befall me I would have been looking forward with a more recommended level of trepidation. See, at that exact moment (it was ten past 11 in the morning, just in the middle of Homes under the Hammer) my phone began to buzz-buzz with the promise of new adventures peeking over the horizon. 
   I peered down from my cup of tea and read the name flashing up on the screen. And then I grimaced and nearly choked on my Oolong. For you see, dear reader, it was my childhood vicar calling me in that exact moment.
   This does not sound like a problem, does it? Most would probably be quite keen to speak to the granddaddy of their spiritual awakening. Even most atheists (like, I must admit, yours truly) would treat one the men of the church with a modicum of respect. What I am trying to say therefore, is that most people of rational and sound mind would, at the very least, pick up the phone. I did not do such a foolish thing. I sat there watching the buzzing and the shaking until, at long last, it stuttered to a halt and the screen returned to its usual dark sleep. I breathed a great sigh of relief. 
   I suppose I had better explain the rationale behind this remarkable display of vulgarity towards such a venerable figure. Father Mayhew was an old and beloved friend of my family's. My parents had been regulars at his church for a good long year before I came along in the spring of '82 to forever ruin their nights of rest and house of silence. I was quite a devout youth, you may be surprised to learn, and was a regular at both Sunday school and the monthly children's club. It was all indoctrination, of course, but relatively harmless and ultimately a good source of the moralistic fibre which contributed to my being such a decent and lawful citizen. Well anywho, some years after my leaving home (which we will come to, one of these days) I received a call from Father Mayhew with a matter of the supernatural disposition. His beloved church had become home to that most common of beasties which choose to place themselves in the houses of God; a Church Grim. These are akin to most Grims, appearing as black dogs, the owners of terrifyingly sharp tooth and claw, dangerous enough to rend the flesh from all of your delicate bones! Thankfully, Church Grims like nothing more than causing a good old ruckus, and turn their natural weapons of agony only to those who endanger the church in which they settle themselves. Still, having a great big black dog roaming about the place does not a welcoming Christian environment make, and so off I went to try and relocate this particular interloper. 
   This was not the reason why I was desperately attempting to avoid contact with Father Mayhew. See, after the Grim had been dealt with (peacefully and without loss of blood or limb) all manner of supernatural creature came to hear of it. By their understanding, this house of the Lord was a friendly and welcoming place to their ilk, and over the intervening years a good number of them descended upon the place. This has happened, by my count, at least six times since the whole Grim business, and ever since it had started I had never heard from Father Mayhew again. The only time I attempted to contact him myself I was told, my way of my parents, that he wanted positively nothing to do with me. He could only be calling, therefore, if he was in particularly irritated mood, and that my poor old lugholes were the target of his biblical frustration.
   My phone began to buzz again, and I did not need to glance down to guess at who was calling. I sighed. I could ignore him forever, I thought, and pretend as though I had never had a childhood vicar at all. Or, I supposed, I could be a grown-up about the entire situation and take his wrath on the chin like a brave and noble soul.
   By the time my phone began to ring for the sixth time it was drowning out the television, so I answered it.
   'Hello, you've reached Tristan Merryweather, Cheltenham's Finest Supernatural Detective. I'm not in right now to take your call, so please leave a message after the...'
   I almost got away with it too, but then the rattling voice of Father Mayhew came trundling down the line and stopped me dead in my tracks. 'Tristan.' 
   I remained as quiet as the grave.
   'Tristan.'
   'I... er... ahah... hello, vicar. What can I...ah... do for you? Long time, eh?' 
   'And whose fault is that, Tristan?'
   'Well... ha... I suppose you could say that is both of ours, eh, Father?'
   'Could you now? We've not spoken since the incident with that... that... Grim.'
   'All's well that ends well, eh?'
   I had to hold the phone a little ways from my head as the vicar erupted. I remember the sheer din of his raised voice from my youth, when he occasionally became particularly impassioned by some sermon or another. 'All's well that ends well?!' He hollered down the line. 'Tristan, in the prevailing six years since that... that... incident, I have had five or more... creatures turn up on my doorstep demanding everything from a bed for the night to spiritual guidance! I've had Gargoyles and Hunkypunks, ghosts, wisps, and Screaming Skulls!'
   'A Screaming Skull, really? What did it...'
   'TRISTAN!'
   I swallowed hard and took a rather shaky gulp of the Oolong, my fourth cup of the morning. 'Yes, Father?'
   'My church, your church, has become a beacon for each and every bizarre, demonic denizen of this county as if I had put up an advertisement! It's a bloody,' I peaked an eyebrow at such wanton use of language, 'miracle that I've not been torn limb from limb!'
   'Aha, come now, vicar, there are relatively few beasties out there who would do you harm...'
   'Tristan.'
   This time I decided that it would be best for my auditory health in the long run not to further interrupt, and so I elected to remain silent.
   'I did not call you to argue, or to berate you, Tristan. For all the... inconvenience you've caused me over the years you are still the son of two very close friends of mine. Speaking of which, when was the last time you went home? Your dear mother tells me that she's not even spoken with you in quite some time.'
   I had to actually think on that myself. When was the last time I ventured out to my parents' house in the shadows of Leckhampton Hill? I was there at Christmas... two years ago. Goodness, surely it could not have been that long, could it? Still, I was not an entirely neglectful son, Mum called me on a semi-regular basis and we always spoke at a good length. I always posted off birthday and Father's and Mother's Day cards as well...
   'A while, I'll admit, vicar,' I said sheepishly.
   'Indeed.'
   'We're still close mind... it's just that their old house is... well... I have memories see...'
   'Tristan, there are men in prison who make it home more often than you. I'm not asking for my sake, son, but for your parents'.'
   'Yes, father. Is that... uh... why you're calling?'
   'No.' I had feared as much. My luck does not extend so far as that, apparently. 'Tristan, would you like to guess after what fate has currently befallen my church?'
   'Well... I've not seen anything on the news regarding sudden subsidence or biblical lightning strikes so...'
   'Oh, this is not the work of God, Tristan, far from it. Indeed, I do not, as a man of the rational Church of England, usually go in for such beliefs, but I have reason to fear that there may be something hellish currently residing in my bell tower.'
   'Oh?' I could not quite decide whether to be fearful or excited, and so I instead choose to be somewhere awkwardly in-between. Generally stimulated, I suppose you may call it.
   'Yes,' Father Mayhew positively growled. 'I would like to come here and do something about it.'
   'Well, I will have to check my schedule... see I'm rather tied up with work, and...'
   'Tristan.'
   I picked my keys up from the table.

II

I gave Joan the day off and set off on foot up into the Suffolks, a region of Cheltenham which one could certainly describe as affluent. It has its streets which do not quite fit in of course, but by and large it is a hotpot of boutiques, well-reviewed restaurants, and the sort of shops which make one wonder just how they come to remain open, such is the esoteric nature of their business. I do quite like it up here, I must admit. I was just a stone's throw from dear Mum and Dad, and I knew these quarters as well as the rapidly spreading lines on the back of my hands. 
   The Suffolks is a very, very small area, no more in truth than a collection of streets defined by the above parameters. Most Cheltonians, I imagine, would not consider it its own ward. It is squished in-between Montpellier and Leckhampton, sandwiched right up alongside Park. Still, I am nothing if not a stickler for classification, and I consider these short streets to have their own unique flavour. On my way up through them I passed by an Italian restaurant which has taken over a small, pleasant church. I allowed myself a moment of fantasy, imagining what may happen if my own family church were to be absorbed by some conglomerate. I had this little image in my head of Mayhew turning up on my door begging for succour. I would laugh and cast him aside like the heartless soul I am! The sky grumbled with threats of divine smiting. 
   It was a shame that the weather had come in a little. Under bright skies the tall townhouses and charming cottages of the area were rather splendid. From the tight lanes of the Suffolks I came to a wide street lined by eclectic boutiques and crossed then onto Great Norwood Street. This is my absolute favourite road in all of Cheltenham. It is long and straight, wider than most residential streets. It is three-storey townhouses at first, their cast iron window boxes sat above the antique and vintage boutiques on their ground floors. Away, towards its end, a row of pastel-painted cottages catch the sun and shine, their flashes of colour drawing the eye downward. There, when one looks outward, one then comes to see the high steeple of Saint Philip and St. James Church. To most this is a glorious sight, one which puts them in mind of good British tradition and the typical eye for aesthetic sightlines which our most venerable town planners are known for. I, on the other hand, was put suddenly into a fit of belly aches and heart flutters upon seeing the steeple rising from the horizon. This was, you'd have guessed, the marker for my destination. I took Great Norwood Street very, very slowly indeed. 
   These were old mining lines, strangely enough. See, back in the 19th and early 20th centuries (how curious, to those whose halcyon days fell in the last century it is to refer to it as now a matter of history, not the present) Leckhampton Hill in particular was mined by a dozen quarries all delving in search of the remarkable quantities of limestone which make up our area's geology. In such abundance was it, that it was given its own name: Cheltenham Freestone. Our most splendid of Regency buildings were crafted from it, giving to our town its characteristic feel which so many come to revel in each and every year. Looking up at the hill, as one can do from Great Norwood Street, the faces of those quarries can still be seen today, with their harsh methods painted clearly on the ragged faces of exposed stone. The streets hereabouts were once tramways, which does perhaps explain their largely straight and widened nature. The railway is but a short walk, and the stone which came down from the hills would have been transported there on little carts going to-and-fro. It's quite remarkable to think about, given the town's modern image as being predominantly middle-class. (This is of course untrue, for like any town Cheltenham is fuelled by the efforts of its abundant working-class fellows, whose toils one could cynically argue go a great way towards the affluence so desperately hoarded by their richer neighbours.)
   I stopped to peruse a little plinth providing information on this history. It was at the strange apex of five streets all meeting at once. This was a clear infrastructural necessity, for any road planner would have been quite mad to design it as so. I could only assume that at some point these had been the tracks of the tramways, and as such had to remain as inconveniently lain out, such was the historical importance of their now-covered pathways. 
   I was stalling, in truth, for the church now was much, much closer, and my feet inside their tight little booties were beginning to feel quite leaden. I was dressed in such a way to display to Father Mayhew that I was enjoying my own level of comparative wealth, lest he believe that I was being dragged through the doldrums of borderline poverty. I had perhaps overcompensated. In addition to my pointed booties I was wearing skinny little jeans and a silk waistcoat, a ruffled white shirt beneath. I looked, in truth, as though Russell Brand and Meatloaf had met, gotten on famously, and had decided to cement their newfound affection immediately by way of one of them giving birth to a child. I feared also bumping into Mum and Dad, for I knew them to shop occasionally in the quirky shops on Suffolk Road. Whether or not they'd recognise me I was not sure, but I suppose that a parent can always spot their child, even if they are completely unrecognisable to others. It's one of the many gifts of parenthood, one assumes. 
   Well, at last my beleaguered feet brought me before the hallowed halls of St Phillip and St James. A grand old church this, larger than most you tend to find in major towns, and without any trappings of the modern age. Victorian Gothic, adorned with a tall saddleback steeple, it sits now as it has for close to 200 years. In the depths of its crypt is constructed a columbarium, a grisly gallery of the dead which I have longed to explore but never been permitted to do so. 
   I was lingering about the steps when, not surprisingly, Father Mayhew burst forth from the doors. Well, he pushed one aside and stood there menacingly, but in my mind's eye he tore through those gates with biblical intent. Mayhew looked largely as I remembered him, now creased with the rumbles of old age. A tall man, he stood perhaps an inch higher than my six feet, and was still lithe and hollow-cheeked. A beard, which I recall being brown in my youth, was now grey and wiry, as was the halo of hair about his spotted crown. His eyes, so capable of warmth in mid-sermon, were surrounded by deep wrinkles and darkened bags, and were sheer and narrowed as he saw me standing timidly there. To my surprise, after a moment of glaring, he smiled in a way which stretched his thin lips to almost clear transparency. Just as I was setting my face to smile in return, Mayhew stretched out a finger and beckoned me, rather threateningly, to follow him back inside.
   I swallowed hard and skipped up the steps into the halls of the church. The interior of these hallowed halls is much as I imagine it to have been for many a long decade. White columns line the aisles, wooden pews lined out in rows expectant for the bottoms of parishioners. A neatly laid floor, with those strange iron grates in which I've never quite understood the purpose of, led up twixt the pews to the transept and the sanctuary beyond. There were all those trappings one comes to expect from a good old CoE church, from christening pool to high lectern. From above the altar the stained-glass image of Jesus (I've always assumed, for the image there, like yours truly, is adorned with long hair and aesthetically pleasing garb) stared down upon his oft absent son.
   I followed Father Mayhew to the head of the aisle and stood before the lower alter. I felt ridiculously childish, as though I'd been called to the front of class by a teacher. This happened with relative frequency while I was a schoolboy, as I had a bit of a predilection for acting out and raising my voice when it was least appreciated. I became known for my outrageous answers to posed questions while a pupil of my CoE-run primary, often exasperating my teachers as their rigidly-set curriculum was questioned precociously. My dear mum was to blame for this. Often times she would look over my homework and scoff, proclaiming my learning to be utterly irrelevant to adult life. I was nine or ten and everything was irrelevant to adult life. Anyway, I would take these opinions of Mum's and present them to my teacher as if they were my own. All harmless fun in primary school, but goodness did I get sent out into the corridor plenty of times at secondary before I learned my lesson. After that it was just whole helpings of general bad behaviour which got me admonished. A particularly spectacular instance came while in R.E, as dear Katherine Parkinson and I passed notes of a lusty teenager nature to each other. I shall never forget the way in which poor Ms. Graffies's eyes bulged as she read the scrawled hormonal scribbling after she'd caught us. Teenagers today do not know how fortunate they are with the advent of the easily accessible mobile phone. 
   I realised, breaking out of my reverie, that Father Mayhew was yet to say a word to me. He was just stood, one hand on the altar, watching me with narrowed eyes. I smiled gingerly. 'Well, let me begin,' I said, 'with an apology.' I supposed that that was what he wanted to hear.
   'That would be for the best, Tristan.' His voice still held the sort of power which would propel with ease to the furthest of the eaves, still thickly laced with a broad Gloucestershire accent. 
   'I am most sorry, vicar, if my assistance in the past has turned to inconvenience in the prevailing years.'
   'And?'
   'And for failing to visit, or call, or email, or anything of the sort for quite so long.'
   'And?'
   'And for purposely avoiding contact as best I could in order to avoid having my lugholes bent.'
   'And?'
   'And, er... for...'
   'Oh, forget it,' Father Mayhew waved a hand dismissively. 'You always were awful at apologies, Tristan. You used to tear about my church like a child possessed. Trying to force just the word "sorry" from you after you'd knocked something over was nearly impossible. I shall have to be content with what meagre amount you can manage.'
   'Very kind of you, father. Am I forgiven, or must I throw myself on the mercy of the Lord?'
   'You are of course forgiven, son, though I'd have liked an apology for your lapse in visits to your parents.'
   I laughed, my nerves beginning to lift. Despite my drifting away from the church through the years of my adulthood, I was still receptive to the calming atmosphere of the Lord's house. 'Ah, of course! How foolish of me to forget such an unforgivable offence! I speak to mum quite often, father, it's not as if I've acrimoniously split from them permanently.'
   'Still, not even going home for Christmas last year, what dealings had you which were so much more important?' Mayhew had softened as well, I noticed. The lines about his eyes had faded from chasms to only creases, and in the lightening tones of his voice I recalled the same warmth which had once preached to me. 
   'I was working,' I lied. Last Christmas had seen me get up at 10, drink brandy, go out for lunch, and then combine an evening of television with napping until I fell into a deep slumber by 11. It was, in hindsight, one of my more tragic Christmases. 
   'If only you were working here! Do I need to remind you of the sheer malaise you've caused me over the past few years? Ever since that Grim I've had nothing but trouble.'
   'I don't suppose that any of these creatures ever saw fit to enlighten you as to their sudden interest?'
   'Oh yes, they did. They seem to think that, because we dealt with that flipping dog so peacefully, that my church is welcoming to those of the... the... less-than-natural disposition. Those bl... ruddy Hunkypunks turned up with their suitcases and their bibles, thinking that they may sit in on Sunday service.'
   I arched an eyebrow high, they were very compliant my eyebrows, capable of great feats of contortionism. 'Christian Hunkypunks, eh? Well now, that's quite a turn up. Did they happen to mention to which clan they belonged?'
   'No, they did not. Strangely enough, Tristan, I was more preoccupied with chasing them from the property than engaging them in casual conversation.'
   I wrote down a mental note on my old "must look into at a later date" notepad in my brainbox. Denizens of the supernatural plain turning to the religions of our world? That was most concerning, for their sake rather than ours. Most of those beasties still go in for the old ways, the gods which we have forgotten in our disregarding of history. 
   'And that Screaming Skull!' Mayhew continued, by this point well entrenched in what I assumed to be a rehearsed outburst of built up persecution. 'It tore about the rafters,' he pointed skyward to the vaulted roof, 'chattering and hollering the sort of obscenities usually reserved for a drunken tavern disagreement! It even managed to worm its way into the Sunday school one morning and terrified half of the children!'
   'Half of the children?'
   'The other half thought it was hysterically funny.'
   'Well, such wanton use of language is quite amusing, father.'
   'It wasn't funny at all! Have you ever seen a bone-white skull, wreathed in unholy fire, tearing about a house of God screaming and swearing like a drunken sailor?'
   I thought, in that moment, that I would quite like to, but to admit this would not have been the answer that Mayhew was seeking. 'That sounds most terrible indeed, father. Why, just the thought of it gives me the shivers something horrible.'
   'Ah!' Mayhew waved a hand with surprising force. 'You'd have been here chasing the thing around with a broad grin stretched across your chops I imagine. I rue the day you decided upon your current employment, Tristan, I really do. What on Earth possessed you to consider such an unsavoury path in life?'
   Ask my parents, I thought to myself. My father had wanted me to follow him into the medical profession (he's a gynaecologist, and let's not mention that again) while my mum was quite decided that a lifetime of civil servitude would suit me right down to the ground. They did not want me, I recall, falling in with the hippy-dippy sort from Stroud. Of course, being as it was exactly what my parents did not wish, I did exactly that. I used to lie and tell them I'd spent my Saturdays in the library, not, as I had been, attending talks on crystals and fairies. 
   'Well, we all need to work, do we not?' I replied, slightly admonished. 
   'I shan't complain further, Tristan, as for now...'
   'Ah, yes! I believe you said something on the phone of a... a... demonic presence? Sounds dreadfully exciting.' I was pumping myself up a little, for I'd never dealt with a genuine, honest to God, demon before. Such a situation would be, much to my chagrin, slightly out of my ballpark. Thankfully I had friends to whom I could refer my dear vicar, should the need arise.
   'Come with me,' Mayhew said, and he led me thusly from the altar, back up the aisle. 
   We came to the foot of the steeple, where a small door led to a tightly wound staircase which ran skyward. Here, we stopped, and Father Mayhew looked at yours truly as if I was now to know instinctively just what the problem was. After a moment of this awkward silence, he pointed to the flagstone floor.
   I had to get down on my old knees to inspect. There I found a series of smudges, dark little puddles which led in a short stride from the church proper to the aforementioned doorway. Footprints, I realised. Blackened marks where something which appeared to be very, very hot indeed had trod. 
   'An... er... incident with a poker?' I asked hopefully.
   'No,' Mayhew replied. 'They're footprints, Tristan. Hellish, blackened feet, as if something with fiery heat has trod across the floor. I dare not ask what could leave such a distinct mark.'
   Demons presumably. My mind began to flick through its various gears, opening up my encyclopaedia (which I imagine to be a gigantic old-fashioned volume, bound with silver clasps and written in looping, intricate penmanship) and flicking through its mottled pages. Did demons exist? There are all manner of creatures of lore that take the appearance of what we assume to be a demonic visage, but were they inspired by demons, or are our depictions of demons inspired by them? And if there are demons, is there a devil? I suspect that Mayhew would indeed confirm that there was, but I was not quite so sure. If there is a devil, after all, then there must be other angels, those loyal folk who kept to God's word and were not cast down from Heaven. And if there are angels, then there must then be a God. I was most unsure on this entire issue, having been, since my early teens, predominantly atheistic. 
   'I doubt with utmost sincerity, vicar, that it is a demon. I am sure that there is some perfectly adequate explanation for these scorched prints. Here, hand me that iron rod there,' I gesticulated toward what I assume was a fire-poker, led out of place in the corner.
   'Why?'
   'I saw it on a television show once, or was it iron for ghosts? Ah, to hell with it... sorry, vicar... I shall take it just in case I come under attack.'
   I expected this nonchalance to my personal safety to impress my old vicar, but he seemed entirely nonplussed by my staggering bravery. Still, he handed me the poker without argument, before taking a step back to let me go unmolested into the church's steeple. Away from his eyesight, I'm afraid to admit that my face fell by a few degrees, and in my chest my little ticker began to go thump thump thump, as it so relentlessly is wont to do. 

III

I took my time in climbing those steps, and my reasons for doing were two-fold. Of course the first was that there were a great many, and I have never been a man of particular athleticism (it may not surprise you to learn this, oh my dear readers of low-expectation), and I was quite out of breath after the first two-dozen. The second was that I was rather fearful of what I may find at the top. I have been miraculously fortunate in my investigations to have been very rarely in mortal peril, and I have not yet become accustomed to the notion that it may be waiting behind any corner waiting to pounce upon me.
   There was, upon the worn steps, the pitter-patter marks left behind by the feet of whatever had clambered up recently. There were burnt patches on the stone, some in their centre and others upon their edges. It looked, to my trained eye, as if whatever had made the climb had been so small that it had been forced to scale the stairs as if they were a great Everest. I held my poker in strong hand, keeping it firmly affixed in front of me in case the beastie leapt out suddenly. 
   Some time had passed once I reached the top. A strong door, built for men slightly lower in stature than I, barred my progress further. I took a shuddering breath and, with all my limited strength, pushed open the doorway and burst through like a member of a SWAT team member on mission. I threw myself into a minute chamber lit by ensconced windows, a great majority of the space taken up by a rickety set of stairs which led to a trapdoor in the low roof. I held my poker like a sword, swinging myself from side-to-side, my eyes rapt and searching the musky corners for sign of my prey.
   What I found was rather different indeed.
   Apparently startled by my sudden, and rather violent, appearance, a tiny creature cowered in the corner, arms raised defensively against what it assumed would be my imminent assault. It was no taller than my delicate knees, and was so slender that I thought it may turn invisible were to stand side-on. A bulbous head, rather onion in shape and size, sat upon its flimsy-looking body, making me wonder for a moment how it kept itself upright. Its skin, if it had such an organ, was black, but the entire extent of the creature was wreathed in flickering, glowing fire. The corner it now cowered in was illuminated in orange, but the tall burst of flame leaping from its large head was a sheer electric blue. 
   'Goodness!' I gasped, immediately lowering my poker. 'I'm so sorry, dear fellow! I thought that perhaps there was some dangerous beastie up here lingering, but I never expected to find you. You look scared half to death!'
   'Well,' the creature said, a small gap in its fire appearing while it spoke, 'what were you blooding expecting?' Its voice was high and harsh. I was reminded for a moment of my mum's old fashioned kettle which whistled when boiling. 
   I placed the poker firmly out of the way. I looked the creature in the eye, of which there were two, nothing more than almond blips in the flames which were constantly flickering and sparking. 'I'm afraid that the vicar put into my mind that you may be something of the... demonic variety. Those footsteps upon the stairs, you see...'
   'A demon?! How... how... insolent, sir!'
   'Yes, yes, I know. Please, Mr... there's no need to become animated.'
   The creature harrumphed and folded its skinny little arms across its chest. 'I am doing no harm here, sir! I came to await the arrival of a certain expert on the supernatural, who I was assured the vicar was a close associate of.'
   I looked down at myself as though my body had suddenly appeared out of thin air. 'Oh, I... I assume that you may be referring to me.' I felt the overwhelming need to apologise suddenly, as if I had, by my own existence, done something terribly wrong. 
   'You?' The creature looked me up and down and pursed its mouth. 'I... I... I see. Well, sir, I suppose that we are now equal, are we not? I am not what you expected, and you are not what I did. Allow me to introduce myself on neutral ground. I am Frizzle Bumberspark, understudy to Catchal Hollowflame; Master of Law.'
   'You are a Bluecap, Mr. Bumberspark, I believe. I have some knowledge of your existence in these here parts, for you see, I am the supernatural investigator Tristan Merryweather.'
   'Indeed, sir.' Frizzle bowed deeply, the wispy blue flames on his head kissing the floorboards as he did. 'I am of the Cotswolds Bluecaps, as you may have assumed.'
   Bluecaps, I recalled from my mighty encyclopaedia, were sprites most commonly found in mines in the northern quarters of our fair country. I had heard of the Cotswolds population, but had assumed that they had moved north after most of their homes were shut down quite some time ago indeed. Of course, an awful lot of the northern industry is now gone, shut down in the seventies and eighties by unscrupulous politics, damn shame. Where the majority of these Bluecaps now called home I was not sure, but obviously I was entirely incorrect on the Cotswolds populace entirely abandoning these counties. They, when in work, assisted in all aspects of the trade, and for doing so were paid the same as the lowest level of employees, namely, a pound a day for honest, hard work. 
   'Did you say, Frizzle, that you were understudy to a master of law?' I asked, for the notion of this level of society amongst Bluecaps was entirely unheard of to me.
   'Aye, sir!' Frizzle replied, becoming now a little more animated. It was a most peculiar sight, for he seemed to move as if under a strobe light, each jerk and twitch of his spindly limbs sudden and flickering. Each of these movements too caused the flames engulfing him to wisp and hiss. The effect was quite hypnotic. 'I am a young Bluecap, though I may not appear so to your eyes. I have been now in the employ of my master for the past six months! We have been embroiled in but one case for that entire time, it has not yet come to court! Even the King of the Cotswolds Bluecaps, his Great Majesty himself, is demanding a swift resolution. I am most worried, sir, for if my master were to be disgraced, I too would have to shoulder a portion of the blame. It is imperative therefore, that our case comes before the Court of Stone as soon as is possible.'
   I nodded, understanding a few of these terms despite the surprise they rendered upon me. Kings and courts and all sorts of legal and personal consequences, it all sounded mightily important. 'So, where do I come in? Surely you've not waiting up here all of this time assuming that I am... an expert in matters of Bluecap law, surely? And what, may I ask, are the details of this particular case?'
   'Ah, you see, sir, it is not a criminal matter, for such things are rare amongst our society.'
   'If only I could say the same of my own, Frizzle, yet alas I cannot.'
   Frizzle nodded, causing his blue flames to jiggle back and forth in liquid motion. 'As I have heard. My own case is a matter of hearsay and deception, I am afraid.'
   'Oh? That is... quite unexpected. Have you been done some great wrong by a member of my own kind?'
   'An old matter, only now being brought to the attention of our legal system! Thank the Underlord for our lack of limiting statutes, or it would never have happened at all! You see, after the closure of the mines in this area, a number of my fellows travelled to the northern mines for work. My people toiled in the mines of Durham for several decades, sir, and always with prompt and proper payment. Over these years my kind amassed total payments in the region of 150,000 pounds.'
   'Goodness!' I exclaimed, for such amounts of money were to me but a pipedream.
   'Precisely, sir, a great sum! Alas, when we returned south following the closure of the mines it was discovered amongst our records that we were short-changed! You see, over the years we found that, through trickle and trickery, we had were short by over 30,000! Oh, it took many a year for this to be confirmed. We are beholden to the record keepers of the time, or else this treachery would never have been discovered. It is an ancient rite, sir, that Bluecaps are paid an honest wage for honest work! And these... these... charlatans of Durham have forsaken them!'
   'And which charlatans are these, if I may ask?'
   Frizzle's face twisted, causing the flames to bend and swirl about his void features in rather sinister fashion. His hollow mouth seemed for a moment to travel almost to the other side of his face. 'Those flaming mites of the North-West Bluecap Administration Bureau! It was they who arranged our employment at the discretion of the mine's owners, and was therefore their responsibility that we were paid. It falls not to the human owners of the mines, you see, but to the Bluecaps themselves to issue payment. The humans, if you'll excuse me, sir, are an awfully forgetful type of creature.'
   I recalled the many occasions on which I had forgotten where I had placed my wallet, or where I had parked Joan, and had to agree upon that. 'You are not wrong, Frizzle.'
   'So, once this deception was discovered we sought to bring a case against the North-West B.A.B, but they have tied us up in red tape! They claim that our workers were never registered members of our national guild: the B.A.R.F!'
   'The Bluecap... Bluecap... er...' Whatever it was, I did not think that it was a particularly good name.
   'The Bluecap Administration for Recruitment and Finances!'
   'Well I assume they were?'
   'Of course!' Frizzle slapped his hands against his sides, causing miniature explosions of sparks to burst forth and scatter over the floorboards. 'But we cannot prove it! You see... it is rather embarrassing, sir, but our legal resources are a little... well... they could be more complete than they are.'
   'And why is that?'
   'After the quarries and the mines in these parts were dismantled, many years ago, the only copy of our records that we had were... they were accidentally destroyed. Unfortunately we have been working mostly from memory ever since. This is adequate when dealing amongst ourselves, for every party agrees upon our own interpretation...'
   'Ah,' I clicked my fingers, 'but not when dealing with those whose records remain intact. Goodness me! They could say anything they wanted and pretend that it was fact, and you'd be none the wiser!'
   'Precisely! And the North-West B.A.B is refusing to share with us! Even the B.A.R.F has been no help whatsoever! We need our original records back, so that we may ascertain the exact truth of our own legal precedent! All we have is this,' from behind him in the corner he passed out a bound leather tome about the size of an A5 sheet. 'My father's diary, sir. He was one of the members who went north to work the Durham mines. I am not... well, I've had little time to peruse it, but perhaps you will find it of some use. We must see our people paid the amount we are owed!'
   'But for that,' I suggested, 'you would need an intact copy of your workers' records. Does such a thing exist?'
   'Yes, sir! And it must be you who returns it to us! Our masters of the old mines kept them, sir, in case they ever required them. Once the mines shut down they were lost, and we now do not know what became of them. You must find them, sir; the honour of the Cotswolds Bluecaps depends upon it!'

IV

There are few places which inspire in me as much feeling as the place to where I was now heading. I have, as one may expect, a strong emotional bond to my parents' house, to my own flat, to the pub in which I took my first drink, to my old school, to the place where I had my first kiss... the list actually is rather long, now that I come to think about it (my first kiss took place on a bench beside the lake in Pittville Park, for all those whose curiosity simply must be sated). Those places are, however, all the root of positive emotions, the sort one chooses to revel in from time to time. The town of Stroud, which I now took the winding, rollercoaster road to, ignited in me a solely sickly feeling one usually associates with a fever. 
   A former textiles town, Stroud had emerged from a period of destitute downturn in the early 20th century as the beating heart of the county's art scene. According to some it was the greatest centre for culture outside of London, although how one can make such a claim is entirely beyond me. Several artists, including Damien Hirst, have studios in the town, and it attracts a number of visitors which is, frankly, beyond any sane logic or rationale. I, perhaps, have a skewed view of the town; the symptoms of mistreatment and lacking imbursement despite my long-standing history with its residents. Being home to a great number of bohemian eccentrics, there was a longstanding and common belief in the oddities upon which I have built my living. As such, I found myself employed there with semi-regularity in the earlier years of my career, but my payment for such hard work had resulted only in my wardrobe becoming a gallery for hemp and tie-dye. These days, I tended to avoid the place as often as I could, and this had absolutely nothing to do with the fact that I had (by my own count) at least three ex-girlfriends still living in the town.
   So, arrived I did in that venerable town, parking as I always tended to in the multi-storey beside the cinema. What a stupid place to put a cinema, right next to the bus-stops in what must be Stroud's premium piece of business real-estate. I took tea in the small independent cafe a short walk away, before heading up through the town centre. Stroud's core is built upon a rather steep hill, making a journey of length through it something of a chore. As if venturing to it was not a chore unto itself!
   I have decided that, from here on, I shall cease my bellyaching about the town in favour of neutrality. I can only hope that my words up until this point have not entirely ostracised any residents who may be reading.
   Anyway, at the very top of the town, through a few back-alleys, there is a row of teetering, half-toppled little shops gathered about a pleasant green with single tree. These are quite pretty, all exposed beams, whitewash walls, and thatch roofs. From their frontage hang cast-iron signs advertising their business, and amongst them are (unsurprisingly) boutiques selling handmade clothes, crystals, sculptures of fairies, local ales and ciders, and second-hand bookshops. I headed, to my chagrin, into the one selling those bloody fairies. What is it with these shops, and why do so many of them exist, particularly in quirky, tourist-attracting towns? One sees them most often in seaside resort towns and villages, always with the same brightly-coloured, glitter infested, hideously cherubesque resin renditions. (This is not a complaint about Stroud specifically.)
   The interior of the shop was cloaked in a cloud of incense so thick that it was visible hanging in the air in thick, swirling tendrils. All the walls of the tight space were built with lopsided shelves of various materials, and upon each inch of available space there were sculptures and figurines. Amongst the fairies, with their glittering wings and flowing dresses, there were mighty dragons standing upon geodes, mermaids with glistening tails, centaurs, unicorns, and angels with wings outspread. I rolled my eyes at the overwhelming kitsch. 
   Though not, it must be said, as hard as I rolled my eyes at the man who was stood perusing said wares.
   He was a little shorter than I, and slightly rounder about the middle. Still, he cut a more hulking figure beneath his velvet shirt, and I could not help but notice the way his satin waistcoat was tautly pulled about his broad chest. It was this irregular sense of inadequacy which fuelled my more keen moments of self-reflection, and for all the assurances to you, dear reader, that I am entirely comfortable in my own skin, there were certainly times when this was not entirely the case. This man (for I simply refuse to call him a gentleman) was, as agonising as it may be to admit, rather handsome. He had a strong jaw and a good straight nose, while all his features were crisp and youthful, perfectly proportioned upon his square face. While a luxurious mane of golden hair lay upon his head as thick and as straight as a mighty sunbeam. Yet, for all his ravaging handsomeness, he was a person of questionable moral character, and I prided myself upon being his better in this humble regard. His name was Heston Quentin Gregarian. 
   'Ah!' Heston said upon spotting me entering the shop. He had spied me in the mirror hanging behind the counter, and had no doubt spotted both the look of disdain spread across my thin features as well the rolling of my narrow eyes. 'Tristan Merryweather, Cheltenham's most detestable detective. And how are you, old friend?'
   My brain worked in overtime all of a sudden, desperate for a comeback which would be as witty as it was biting. I was worryingly incompetent under such pressure that I was at great risk for a moment of standing there completely agog. At last I found a sentence amongst the jumble of words struggling to organise themselves, and I spoke in a clear and affected voice so as to not display my growing unease. 'Heston, our profession's very own mercenary for hire. I can only assume that you've ventured so far from your bubble for some dastardly intent? Who exactly are you trying to skin for cash and flesh both today?' It was entirely imperfect, but it is often the manner in which one says something rather than what it is they are actually saying. Just look at politicians for poignant examples of the point.
   I was delighted to spy upon Heston's implacable features a similar strain of quick thinking which had moments before flummoxed me. 'I'm working, Tristan, as I heard you have been of late. Still bending over backwards to each and every demand the creatures from afar have been asking of you?'
   'And you, I assume, are still fleecing men of low fibre?'
   'At least they have funds to fleece, Tristan, what do you gain from acquiescing to monsters but a sense of self-importance?'
   'I sleep well at night, Heston. I see no purpose in causing harm to others when a job does not demand it.'
   'And that is why you slum it in a bedsit while I am left to decide which of my libraries I ought to spend the afternoon reading in. It is most excellent to have such open access to all sorts of tome and volume, Tristan. I imagine that your library card has worn itself out many a time by now.'
   'Wealth is not everything, Heston.'
   'Only to those who have never known its sweet kiss, Tristan.'
   We spent then a good long second staring at each other with our best threatening faces. He was much too handsome to pull it off, and I was much too lean, I daresay. The sight of us too preening peacocks, in our silks and our satins, attempting to face off in this manner would have been rather amusing to anybody more accustomed to such a level of confrontation. 
   'One of you best be on your way out.' A voice from deeper in the shop's bowels came. 
    The woman who emerged from behind a curtain of dangling beads appeared to many, myself included, as some storied old hippy type who had found her style in the sixties and kept religiously to it. She was small now, bent over almost double at the neck, her white hair pouring over the crook in her back like foam riding upon a high wave. Pictures of her youth were placed at random about the shop, revealing her to have once been of great beauty. Now age in its cruelty had stolen that glory from her, but it could not rob her magnificent voice, which was as clear and as authoritative as it must have been 50 years hence.
   'I'm leaving,' Heston announced, straightening his ruffles. 'I've got what I came for. I'll be seeing you, Tristan.'
   'I'm not sure my stomach could stand it, Heston.'
   'What is it between you two?' The little woman asked once Heston had slid past me and escaped my minor wrath. 'Honestly, men. If you weren't both so stubborn you'd see that you've an awful lot in common.'
   I was gravely insulted, dear readers, let me tell you. Heston was a man whose cares stopped at the weight of his wallet, with no concern for the welfare and upkeep of our friends from beyond the veil. I do not hold myself in high regard in many matters, but in my morals I have unflinching certainty. 'We're nothing alike, dear Esmeralda. Honestly, we share but a chosen profession, nothing more.'
   Esmeralda (I did not know her surname, and was unlikely ever to find out) clicked her tongue and rolled her clouded eyes. I was curious as to what Heston was there to buy, but I knew that he'd gain some satisfaction from my curiosity, and so did not ask. 
   'So what can I do for you?' The lady purred, leaning her sharp elbows on the glass of her countertop. 'You come to visit so infrequently, Tristan.'
   'You've not been busy?'
   'The odd tourist and bohemian, but the bulk of my trade is still to your lot. You're my favourite though, of course.'
   Esmeralda says this to me each time that I come to visit, and I suspected that each of her other patrons heard it on a regular basis too. The more one thinks he is liked, the more likely he is to be parted from the cash. 'And you of course are my most favourite purveyor of all things relevant to my craft, dear Esmeralda, but I fear my shopping list is today but a scrap of paper rather than lengthy scroll.'
   Beyond the fairies and the mermaids and the dragons, Esmeralda kept the most remarkable collection of knick-knacks relating to the trade of supernatural investigators and detectives. I knew that, behind her bead curtains, there was a venerable stockroom of all manner of potion, concoction, book, tome, weapon, armour, and all other odds and ends which one may need when dealing with the unusual. And if it was not the physical goods they kept, then people such as Esmeralda (and they were few and far-between) were great fonts of knowledge, often capable of providing answers to questions that no man living has posed before. 
   'Shame,' she smiled softly. All of the great crevices of her face twisted and pulled, sagging and tightening in equal measure. It was rather mesmerising. 'But what can I do you for?'
   I did not suppose that my quandary would come as anything of a shock to her. This was after all the woman to whom I had once turned to for a legendary flute capable of bewitching the Salisbury Hare. 'I have need of anything you can provide, be it book or otherwise, pertaining to the lawful practices of the Bluecap kingdom.'
   'Which Bluecap kingdom, sweetheart?'
   'How many are there?'
   'Eight, though perhaps less once the war twixt Cornwall and Devon plays out.'
   I tried to imagine Bluecaps marching off to war, flames tickling about great sheets of plate armour. It was quite a difficult concept to properly visualise. 'I mean the Cotswolds one then, I suppose.'
   'Wait here.'
   It was a testament both to my familiarity with Esmeralda and to the woman herself that she'd not shown a single iota of surprise to my request. It made me wonder if she perhaps had a granddaughter. This in turn made me remember that I was dating the wonderful Marianne. This in turn brought to mind that I'd not called her for several days. I can become incredibly single-minded when on an active case. I made a note on the old mental notepad to pop down to her library upon my return to Cheltenham, which could not come sooner. 
   Esmeralda will pop up with increasing frequency as I pen the greatest of my trials and tribulations for you, dear reader. I have, more often than not, had need of her services while in the course of working. Our previous tale, that of the Brag of the Gold Cup, did not require anything but my wits and my quite notable levels of intellect gathered over years of consistent investigation. Yet, most of my dalliances are not so simple, and are not so easily solved without aid of outside knowledge or influence. It is through Esmeralda that I first came to know the full truth of our world and its relation to that beyond the pale. Ah yes, dear reader do not fret, we will soon come to that truth, I assure you. There is little point in... ahem... shooting my wad this early in our relationship though, is there? Goodness, I regret that particular turn of phrase.
   Esmeralda returned from her sizable stock rooms burdened with several heavy tomes bound in cracked and faded leather. Being a gentleman (and an all-round decent human-being) I rushed to her aid and was immediately shocked that she'd been able to bear them at all. 
   'Good... grief!' I huffed as I placed the books at my feet (I feared for the safety of the glass counter if I placed them atop it). 'These are mighty, Esmeralda!'
   'Bluecap law is as complicated and as convoluted as our own, Tristan. What do you need them for?'
   'I may soon be representing a certain group of the little fellows in court.'
   'The Cotswoldian lot, aye, against whom?'
   'The North-Western B.A.B and the B.A.R.F.'
   'Ah, I see! Well, you'll find something to help you amongst those, I'm sure.'
   I glanced at the piled tomes. They seemed comprehensive enough as they were, but of course I was also hunting the missing records which the Cotswold Bluecaps so desperately needed. I supposed that, if one were to write down the entire minutiae of human law, our own would not fit into just four books. However thick they may be.
   'Is this... er... all of it?' I asked tentatively.
   'Of course not,' Esmeralda replied waspishly, she seemed to think I'd asked an awfully silly question.
   'Then where is the rest? Particularly the details regarding rightful, lawful payments made... decades, even centuries ago?'
   'At the council.'
   I craned my neck forward and tilted my head as if to say "...and?" but apparently Esmeralda required my questions to be exact and precise before she would answer them. I should not have been surprised. She was, I had learned, a very exact and precise person.
   'Which council?'
   'The borough council.'
   My mouth drooped open as if somebody had forced a golf ball very suddenly inside of it. 'Excuse me?'
   'What?' Esmeralda peered up at me, that expression of gnawing frustration rippling across her features once again. 'Did you think that our own councilmen did not keep records of the Bluecaps under the employ of the mines and quarries of the county? Oh, it wouldn't have been known to everybody there, that's for sure, but they'd have had dedicated record-keepers. Will have! There are creatures all over the land, Tristan, in here parts more than most. Do you know why that is?'
   'Something to do with ley-lines, Esmeralda, you've told me many, many times before.'
   'Well, there you go! You've been to the council offices before, haven't you?'
   I sighed, by now starting to become rather exasperated with my lack of knowledge being pointed out so thoroughly (a rare occurrence). 'To pay my council tax, yes.'
   'Not to go down into records?'
   'No.'
   'Well you ought to. If the Bluecaps of Gloucestershire workers' records, I guarantee that that's where they'd be.'
   'Yes, but why?'
   Esmeralda's eyes twinkled up at me despite their cloudiness. 'Now that, sweetheart, is a question you'll have to answer for yourself.'

IV

The borough council offices in Cheltenham are remarkably easy to find. One in fact cannot miss them at all, sitting as they do in prominence upon the town's finest shopping precinct. Along the Promenade are all of Cheltenham's most upscale boutiques. You know the sort, dear reader. Those in which only the barking mad can justify the exuberant prices. I have, on occasion, treated myself to a particularly splendid jacket or waistcoat when my pockets have had a hole being burnt in them. Usually I stick to the second-hand shops, but every now and again it is beneficial to exude at least an illusion of wealth. 
   Opposite these glass-fronted shrines to capitalism and cheap labour, past the buses lining up to ferry folk to Gloucester and beyond, a stunning building in Regency white dominates the eye-line. These municipal offices are five-storied, with a pillared facade at their heart. I had been inside many a time, as I told Esmeralda, but beyond the public reception area I had never ventured. These were halls of power of the lowest sort, where decisions as far-ranging as pothole repair and refuse collection budgets was discussed by our elected figures. 
   I walked into the reception area the day after my venturing out to Stroud. I had called Mayhew that morning and ascertained that our mutual friend Frizzle was still safely hiding away in his spire. A less-motivated individual would have taken this as an omen that a day-off was in order, but not I. Despite my remuneration not yet being discussed (and it was a conversation I dreaded) I pressed onward, knowing full-well that this may be naught but an investigation of moral payment rather than physical. My being at ease with this fact had nothing at all to do with my current comfortable state of affairs I promise; it was instead what separated me from the Hestons of this world. 
   I approached the reception desk, behind which sat an attractive older lady, and affected my most polite turn of speech. 'Good morning,' I said briskly. 'Could you point me in the way of the records department please?'
   'Records?' The woman glanced at me very swiftly and then turned back to her computer. 'Name?'
   I swallowed and told myself to calm down. It was not, after all, like I was attempting to blag my way into the Bank of England. 'Tristan Merryweather. M-E-R-R-Y-W-E-A-T-H-E-R.'
   A little machine next to the receptionist's computer spat out a label with my name printed upon it. Soon it was tucked into a plastic jacket and attached to a nibbling little clip, before being thrust into my waiting hands. 'Wear this, go downstairs and follow the signs,' the receptionist said briskly. 
   'Very good, will do! Have a nice day!'
   She looked at me with a slightly arched eyebrow. 'You too, sir.'
   Cool down the jolly, I whispered to myself.
   It took a good while, wandering the dim halls of the basement level, before I came to the creaking doors which led into the records department. I did not know what I had expected. Before me a low ceiling stretched off for a few-hundred feet, while every six there were arranged rows of filing cabinets and steel shelving units packed tight with boxes, folders, and dust jacketed volumes. My mouth was once again the shelter for golf balls. 
   'Crikey,' I said aloud. 'How long do I reckon it'll take me to look through all this lot then?'
   I almost jumped out of my skin when a voice answered me. 'About six weeks,' it said.
  I turned so sharply that my jacket did this little swish-and-flick like an action hero's cape. A lopsided desk sat in one corner, home to a slouched man whose stained shirt was taut across his rather sizable belly. 
   'You...ah... ha ha... you caught me off-guard there, friend,' I said, composing myself as best I could.
   'Yep,' the man said, a hand reaching for the open box of sandwiches sitting on his desk, 'nobody ever expects old Martin to be down here, no one ever remembers. D'ya know I've missed the last six staff meetings? Not because I forgot, oh no, but because they... ' he jabbed a thumb at the ceiling, '...forgot to inform me.'
   'Awfully sorry to hear that,' I replied, not quite knowing what to say. I feared that, if I showed too much of an interest, Martin would be more than happy to give me his entire life story. It sounds harsh, for Martin clearly was in need of some of the old attention, and I could sympathise with that, but I was feeling rather tetchy to get started on the task ahead of me.
   'What're you looking for?' Martin asked, scratching the few days' worth of stubble about his round chin.
   Now, I was not entirely sure on how to answer this. Was Martin, this rather plain-looking fellow, a keeper of all secrets and information pertaining to Bluecaps and other folkloric creatures? He certainly did not seem it, but then again not all who were so enlightened dressed as foppishly as I.
   'Old records pertaining to mines and quarries in the immediate area,' I answered tactfully.
   'Towards the back,' he replied, pointing with his thumb. 'You'll find most of it under "M" for mining.'
   'And... any records relating to... actually never mind, I'm sure I'll find what I'm looking for.'
   I did not find what I was looking for, not for a good long while.
   The records were vast and indecipherable. For hours I poured through papers and binders, I came across terminology which made my mind boggle. Many of the mining records were ancient, written in looping handwriting upon crinkled paper which made them hard to comprehend. They were so utterly irrelevant to my current situation that at last my hope began to waver. I found amongst these masses no reference to Bluecaps, none to either their existence or their legal practices. At last I came to collapse in a small chair propped against one wall, my mind utterly exhausted and my patience tested. Even my hair seemed to have given up, for it had fallen flat against my forehead and lost all of its natural body.
   It was just at this moment, as I slouched in my steel throne and attempted to push away all temptations for sleep, that I noticed a painting hanging on the opposite wall. At first I took it as awfully strange that a painting was hanging here at all. The walls about the records room were all beige and flaking, but here, exactly opposite where I now sat, framed by the rows of high shelving, there was a painting. It was set in a deep mahogany frame, its colours faded yet still bright enough to draw the eye against the dull surroundings it had been hung in.
   The painting was of a woman in a turquoise dress, her violet hair cascading in curls down to the small of her back as she leant on one elbow in a meadow of peonies. Her face was small and sharp, finely detailed against the smudgy azure sky beyond her resting place. And from her back, folded down over her belly, a pair of translucent wings lay. Mouth, meet golf ball.
   I clambered to my aching feet and crossed the room to the painting. Up close I could take in its finer detail, and could almost swear, in my slightly addled state, that I recognised the woman being immortalised upon the canvas. Why was this here? Why, of all the places in the world was there a painting of such a creature in this musty old records room? It had to be, I wagered, of some importance or relevance to my search for documentation on the supernatural. A great surge of adrenaline and excitement shot up from my toes to my crown, tingling all up and down as it went. I checked about my person to ensure that I was quite alone, and then examined the painting in closer detail. Finding nothing curious (except for its subject) about the frame, I gingerly, and slowly, pushed it to one side to check the wall behind it. My heart was in my mouth with the thought of what it may conceal, but to my immense disappointment I found only a slightly brighter shade of beige. 
   'Ach!' I spat, letting the painting drop and sway back into position. 'What a cruel jape!'
   And then, so peculiarly that I assumed at first my mind to be playing tricks, the woman in the painting moved. As she swung from side to side her head rolled. I blinked several times and leaned in closer, my heart skipping a beat. I was not mistaking it! As I stared she blinked once and lolled her head in the way that one does when dizzy and attempting to gain hold of their balance. I was so startled by this realisation that I gasped and leapt backwards, my heel striking the corner of a shelf.
   'Aha!' I cried. I grimaced and listened closely, but there was naught but silence from Martin's end of the room. 'Aha,' I whispered, leaning back into the painting. 'I saw that! You blinked, dear maiden!'
   For a moment the woman kept up the pretence, but then she sighed and rolled her eyes. 'Well,' she said, her voice quiet as if far off, 'you shouldn't have shaken me, you great git.'
   'I apologise... I...' you're having a conversation with a painting, Tristan. The pure truth of the situation made me grin most uncontrollably. I had heard of living paintings of course, but I had assumed them to be so rare and valuable that they'd be consigned only to the richest collections, away from prying eyes. Some of them were haunted, but I knew that this could not be the case with this one in particular. 'I'm not accustomed to the... to you,' I said.
   'Not much a detective then, are you?' the woman said, her lips curled about so she could speak to me easily while still remaining staring off into the distance of her landscape.
   'You know my profession?'
   'By your clothes and your dandiness. You're not the first I've seen, though it has been many a long year since last one of your sort ventured down here. Even longer it has been since I was worked out. Any of the unenlightened people who shake or move me simply dismiss me as tricks of the light of their imaginations, but you're clearly more accepting of the peculiar.'
   'Indeed I am. Tell me, dear maiden...'
   'I am no maiden. Not when I was painted. You know what I am, detective, so you ought to know the manner of my people.'
   'That is a fair point. When were you painted?'
   '1853.'
   'Long before I came to the Court of Amour.'
   She turned suddenly to me, and I could not help but recoil a little. The far side of her face, which could not be seen when she was normally arranged, was blank. It was shaped out fully, but there were no features, only the colour of canvas where the right-hand side of head should have been. Even her hairline ended in the centre of her head. It was only her lips that were full and complete, so that she could speak, I supposed. 'You are introduced?' She asked surprised.
   'More than that, you could say. Are you... how does this...' I gestured to the painting, '...work, precisely? What portion of you is as the real you, and how much is in the painting?'
   'I am an echo of the subject, her looks and personality immortalised. I do not live, nor do I exist in truth, I am just the essence of Aura Fairchild. I would hope that my family name stills holds meaning in the Court?'
   'Indeed, it is one that I recall from my time amongst your people. Whether or not it was Aura Fairchild whose name I heard, I am afraid I cannot remember. It has been some time since last I walked amongst the stars.'
   'I would not wish to know it regardless, for the extents of my mortality are not for me to know. How may I help, he who has walked without wings?'
   I smiled warmly. Devotees may recall that, at the climax of my dealings with Mr. Delaney and his Brag, I had stumbled across a creature of Aura's type sitting in my own flat. At this point in my life it had been a few years since last I'd seen one of these people in the... well, I suppose this wasn't in the flesh, but it was as close as I had come for a desperately long time. All sorts of memories, fond and otherwise, swirled about inside the brainbox, all vying for attention. I shook them away and resolved to the return to the task at hand. Reveries now would only distract me when I ought to be focused, but how I longed to fall into their sweet embrace, to swim amongst the safe passages of memory.
   'Unseen records,' I said, rather dreamily. 'I have heard that there are details down here pertaining to those from beyond the pale, but I can find none relevant to my cause.'
   'They are hidden,' Aura replied, turning her head back to its ninety-degree placement. 'Watched over and maintained only by the Keeper.'
   'The Keeper? Who is he?'
   'She. She comes irregularly, but often enough to keep a complete record of the matters of the unusual. I am here to hide the doorway to her offices.'
   I smiled my most charming, sardonic smile (slightly lopsided, utterly bewitching). 'Should you be telling me this?'
   'It is open to those who have the need of it. Whoever told you of its existence obviously did not know the Keeper to send you to them directly.'
   I was amazed that there was something Esmeralda didn't know. Or perhaps she'd just wished to present me with a bit of a challenge, which was the more likely explanation. 'Where is it?' I asked.
   'Why do you think I am here, hanging...' Aura sneered, '...in this place? I hide the way.'
   'But there's naught behind you but the wall!' I protested.
   'Look again, closer. And do be careful putting me back in place, I get awfully dizzy.'
   Gingerly, and taking great care, I pushed Aura to the side once more and examined the wall a little closer. It certainly seemed normal, and looked to the naked eye to be perfectly solid. I leant forward and, with my free hand, pushed against the wall. Of course, rather predictably, my arm sunk into the wall entirely almost causing me to stumble. 'Ah!' I hissed. 'I see what you mean, Aura.'
   'Clever boy,' she cooed back in my ear. 'Now get inside before the rotund lazybones sees you at it.'
   Careful to let Aura back down slowly, I slid first my arm, then my shoulder, and then most of my body into the wall. Being as it was a rather impossible doorway to properly conceive, I did not take into account either its arched top or raised bottom. The result, I am ashamed to say, was that I tripped over the lower edge and smacked my forehead on the top before tumbling in an ungainly mass of legs and arms right through the wall. I heard Aura tut and curse rather fiercely as my hands left her painting and she swung back into place, but I was by that point beyond the threshold and regaining my breath while nursing my bruised bonce.
   My pains were swiftly forgot as I raised my eyes and drunk in the arresting sight which welcomed me in that secret portal. A small room, its walls mahogany and its floor flagstones, was lit by a chandelier which hung so far from the low ceiling that it nearly brushed the floor. Around it were arranged collections of bookshelves and cabinets, and each and every one of them was stuffed to bursting with an incredible array of knick-knacks. I strolled in amazement around them, my addled mind unbelieving the vast assortment I'd, quite literally, stumbled across. There were gems and jewels, necklaces, rings, bracelets, broaches, and shining trinkets. On mannequins there were suits of armour: steel, leather, chainmail, and solid gold. I read the titles of books in all languages known to man, and many others which were not. There were weapons hanging on the walls, clothing, coins, and artworks galore. A man could have delved into the depths of this collection for years without emerging for air. I was beyond staggered, my mind struggling to comprehend such an endeavour as arranging all these things without my ever learning of it before. This was the great treasure-trove of Gloucestershire, greater even than any of the precious veins of ore or stone which had been mined dry in the preceding centuries. And I had had no idea of its existence. How was this possible? Who was the Keeper, and why had she decided upon such a secretive way of storing her work? Who else knew? What could I learn from this place, and how big an upgrade would I need on the brainbox to absorb it all? These questions ran through my mind like the horses on the racecourse outside of town. I was equal parts amazed, terrified, and ashamed. 
   At the rear of the room, pressed right up against the far wall, a small desk was set up. I approached it and cast an eye over a thick tome which lay open upon it. It was a ledger, I realised, and each and every deposit to this most astounding of vaults was marked in a small, looping hand. There were withdrawals also. Somebody named Charlton had taken, just two days ago, an emerald necklace which the Keeper had written down as: "Jewel of the New Forest." So other people did know about this place! I felt the sudden stinging heat of frustration. Why was I never told? Esmeralda knew and never thought it prudent to share! I could have thumped that darn ledger with all my might, but I do not let my anger get the better of me with such uncouth displays. 
   I am nothing if not a professional, and I had come here with a purpose! I began to trace the bookshelves, my eyes tracing back and forth as I attempted to suss out the Keeper's method of organisation. History, I found, was resigned to three shelves, at least 400 books and scrolls stuffed within their rickety arms. Literature I saw was arranged into plays, prose, and poetry. An entire bookcase was given over to an intriguing subject called: "Ancient Erotica - Understandable to Utterly Incomprehensible". There was no storage space specifically for law, or for records. I found that the row along the right-hand wall was reserved for "Nonhuman - Monstrous to Adorable". I traced my way to the far end and began at the adorable end of the Keeper's spectrum. Bluecaps, at last I came to them, were around a quarter of the way towards Monstrous. I agreed with this classification. 
   I poked out a slender finger and ran it along the spine of the books there collected. There was a great manner of writings on my flaming friends. Extinguishing the Unextinguishable: A history of the Wars of the Bluecap Houses, The Lineage of Cotswoldian Kings: from Sparkle the Great to Whitefire the Wild, A Guide to Capturing: Volume 34, Bluecaps, The Cotswolds: A Record of Workers being as they were in the later...
   I reached out and seized the most latter tome. It was A5 in size and thicker than my dandy legs, while I found it's interior to be written in such a scratchy, minute hand that I had to squint to make out a single word. It was all here, every year's recordings of my allies in the Cotswolds Kingdom. Right in the middle I came across a chapter marked: 20th century. I snapped the tome shut with a triumphant exuberance. 
   I tucked that elusive tome under my arm and made for the portal back into the world of the sane and mundane when a thought occurred to me. Well, two thoughts. The first was: How did this book get to be here, and who was responsible? And the second was that I ought to be polite and sign the book out in the Keeper's ledger. I was a dreadful stickler for rules. I tucked my hair behind my ears and went back to the book where, ludicrously, there was a quill and ink pot for writing. I took the feather in hand and wrote the book I was taking and then moved to the signature column. I could not put my name, lest I have a fierce and crazed Keeper looking me up and coming to look for her treasure. Was this an open library? Not wanting to take the risk I simply signed "Cheltenham's Finest Detective" and left it at that. Of course, if the Keeper had a brain she'd know who I was, but I was so caught up in the manner of my victory that I did not entirely consider the implications of such an obvious moniker. Who else could be Cheltenham's Finest Detective I ask you, dear readers?

V

When word of my success reached Frizzle, via our mutual ecclesiastical friend, I was told in return not to report back to the church, but rather to the very top of Leckhampton Hill. This is a foreboding sight, a high stony ridge that runs about the western edge of Cheltenham casting its deep shadows over the town. I had climbed it before, on a whim, and regretted my decision afterwards. I resolved that this time I would instead drive about to the northern edge, to save both my feet and my unfit-for-purpose booties the agony. 
   I was unsure exactly of what would welcome me upon my ascent, and so I spent the evening after I had gained the old book swotting and studying harder than I have ever done in my life. I coasted through secondary school, I must admit, always satisfied with C grades when a little more work could have gained me Bs or even As. An A-star was always out of my reach, except perhaps in drama, but that class was combined with dance and, as you can most likely imagine, I am dreadfully uncoordinated when it comes to moving my legs in anything approaching rhythm. I remember poor old Mercy Slanhope, my date to our leavers' ball in 2000, and the slow dawning of realisation taking a ghastly toll on her face as she realised that, on the balance, she'd have been better off slow-dancing with a rhinoceros. 
   I had dressed in my best suit, which was not a particularly good suit, but it suited me. I had put a lick of product in my hair to give it a luxurious sheen and to keep it flat behind my ears. I presented myself in such a formal way because, when I had spoken to Mayhew, he let me know that Frizzle meant to present me before his court. I was glad to find Leckhampton Hill still and empty in the early morning. I had feared that perhaps a dog-walker or two would come across me, and I didn't much fancy explaining to them what I was doing up there. Instead, while I waited, I walked to edge of the hill and looked out over the town from affluent Leckhampton all the way across the urban sprawl to the racecourse far beyond. I had been meaning to go the races for as long as I had lived in Cheltenham, but had never gotten around it. Some years later I would, as well you know, dear reader, but I was at this time a virgin to the exhilaration of thundering hooves and copious Guinness consumption. 
   I had been there for quite some time, just standing as rigid and as still as the Devil's Chimney, when I was broken from a pleasant reverie by a tugging upon my ironed trousers. I jumped and made a little shriek, but composed myself (slightly) in time to look down upon Frizzle. In the wan air of the clear morning his flames were almost invisible, only a shimmering in the air surrounded his skinny frame. I noticed, to my unspoken chagrin, that Frizzle's pinprick fingers had left a slight scorching on my trousers. It was a mighty effort to suppress a grimace at the thought of having to fork out for another pair. It occurred to me then, as it had once or twice over the last few days, that I was not getting paid for this particular investigation.
   'There you are, sir!' Frizzle said shrilly. 'I thought perhaps you'd be waiting outside of the court.'
   'Outside of the court?' I asked, dumbfounded (a rare occurrence). 'Dear Frizzle I've no idea where the court is, your message was not entirely specific.'
   'Have you got it, sir, have you?'
   I slipped the small tome from my breast pocket and wiggled it. 'Here it is, dear fellow.' Frizzle reached up his gangly arms and I passed it down. 'Careful you do not burn it.'
   'Do you think we make our books from the same paper you make yours?' Frizzle said, hopping up and pulling it from my hands. To my surprise it did not burst immediately into flames in his hands, but rather stayed perfect in one, unblemished, piece. 
   'Apparently I was wrong to think so,' I replied.
   'Oh, sir, you have done us such a wonderful service. This is the book! Herein are the missing parts of our lost records! Oh look, sir, here's all the names of the men who supervised our workers! Oh, and here are notes on incidents which our workers were credited with preventing! Ah, and here is mention of a fire accidentally started. You know, sir, we used to blame fires of our mistaken causing on arson, but thankfully your folk invented hair straighteners and we had a new scapegoat!'
   'Have people... er... perished in these fires you little hotheads have accidentally started?'
   'Not for a good long while, sir.'
   I pursed my lips and cocked my head. 'Well, I suppose that makes it okay then.'
   'This way, sir, swiftly!'
   Frizzle went off at a trot, which meant I only had to stroll casually to keep up with him. He led us down a slender footpath into the thick woods which covered the side of the hill. 'May I ask, Frizzle, what else do you require of me?'
   'Well, sir, the king has requested an audience with you, and I have seen fit to elect you as our official spokesperson in the case.'
   My legs almost gave up working. 'I'm sorry?'
   'You found the book, sir! Surely you've read it by now? We haven't the time to sit about examining all the legalese, you must speak on our behalf.'
   'Oh... well... it's a good job that I read it cover to cover.' At least the preceding evening had not been entirely wasted. I breathed a very big sigh of relief. 
   'Splendid!'
   For quite some time we descended into the thickening forests about the sheer hillside. Frizzle of course could hop and skip over rocks and snarled roots as if they were not there. I, on the other hand, went like a deer on ice, scuffing up my booties and muddying my trousers as I did my utmost to avoid going arse over tit down one of the sharply-bottomed ravines. At length we came to a clearing in the woodland, quite some way by this point from the beaten paths. There a ruin of sorts laid, old stonework arranged about a central chimney now only half standing. Its upper heights lay scatted about our feet, the ruins of all that was left of a once venerable industry. At the foot of this chimney there was a little archway, large enough only for a man to scoot through upon his belly. Looking down at my splendid suit in all its glorious cleanliness it came to me that my dry-cleaning bill for the month was about to increase. 
   'Well, sir, in you get!' Frizzle exclaimed, pointing at the hole.
   I sighed. In this most peculiar of lines of work one does get quite used to venturing into dark tunnels, though the fear of being trapped underground for eternity never seems to diminish. I got down on my hands and knees in the dirt and, with some effort, managed to squeeze my shoulders through the archway. In the darkness that fell beyond the sound of running water came to me, while ahead I could sense the air swirling about some lofty chamber. Once my waggling feet were inside, and all six feet of me enclosed, I went a little ways upon my long suffering belly, scraping through the rock as I went. Mercifully Frizzle was not too far behind, and soon the light which flickered about him illuminated the caverns ahead and I came to a point at which the rock opened wide and I was about to haul my gawping frame up onto my knees. 
   Frizzle came trotting through the gap behind me, his strange little mouth bent upwards like a crescent moon. He was in dreadfully good spirits, and I may have been too, but one look at the state of my suit soon put pay to that. I shuddered at simply the thought of its cleaning bill, not to mention the cost of a half-rate tailor to fix the ghastly tear in one arm. My largesse seemed to slip away before my eyes, paving the road to the maligned poverty which you, dear readers, have already come to know me in. This, if I was to put a marker on it in hindsight, was the beginning of that descent.
   Frizzle went off leading the way through dark tunnels of grey stone. Patches of mushrooms sprouted here and there, browns and oranges and don't-eat-me reds. Downwards we went, towards the sound of the water, me still on my hands and knees and he, this time, being required to check his pace to ensure we did not become separated. I had a haunting vision of being lost down there forever, of the eventual discovery of my skeleton being accompanied by the words: Awful shame what happened to this man, but at least his fashion sense was excellent. 
   Eventually the grey stone turned to chalky lime, and I realised that we had come to chambers that even the miners of old had not come to touch. Here and there too we passed sconces carved into the walls, iron braziers set inside cold and still. 'How long has this all been down here?' I asked.
   'Quite some time, sir!' Frizzle replied breezily. 'Twas built in the employment years, the years of mining! We needed somewhere to live, see.'
   'Were you not always based here, in the Cotswolds?'
   'Not always, sir. Once we were a conglomerate of many different Bluecap peoples from all over the country. When first these mines came to be opened... oh... that was quite some centuries ago now, we were united under the great flag of our King.'
   'I see. Remarkable! For this mighty kingdom to have existed for so many years and for I, Cheltenham's...'
   'Yes, sir, I know, finest detective.'
   'Well, yes, that. For me not to have known about it at all!'
   Frizzle turned to me, a peculiar expression on his little swirling face. 'Perhaps you're not as fine as you thought, sir.' His mouth opened up in what I assumed to be a grin. 
   'No, no, that cannot be it.'
   When we came at last to the kingdom proper, the roof vaulted high enough for me to be able to stand. Here a great chamber opened, some 100 feet across and another 80 wide. Built across its varying topography were several dozen hovels which, to my amazement, were scale recreations of the fine townhouses of Cheltenham, all stacked high from that most celebrated of stone. There were terraces built about little pools of grey water, market squares about lopsided clocktowers, and at the very centre a mighty and fine building which resembled the town hall itself. There were even little stairs leading up to its doors, an ostentatious tower creaking above it. All of this was rendered to about my height, and I wandered about these peculiar streets like a particular lizard of Japanese origin, untold levels of destruction there should I wish to enact one particular fantasy of mine. 
   And all about these streets, in their little houses which came up to my neck, were Bluecaps. I spotted orange ones and yellow, ones whose flames were as blue as a summer sky. They went strolling about as if not concerning themselves with a care in the world; they did not even seem particularly surprised to see me. I wondered perhaps how long it had been since last a human ventured this far beneath the earth, and why none of the milling Bluecaps seemed at all concerned at my sudden looming presence. 
   'This way, sir, please hurry!' Frizzle led the way down the main street, twixt smoothly sanded limestone buildings which brushed against my hips as we went. 'Do be careful not to knock anything over, sir, these buildings have stood for a hundred years or more.'
   I was keenly aware of the way my booties were kicking up dust enough to choke out the poor Bluecaps hereabouts. The buildings, I noticed upon closer inspection, did not seem to be mortared together but were rather stacked up rather precariously. A fall here could level a beloved homestead or three quite easily, and so I was most careful indeed. If I had learnt anything on this endeavour it was that Bluecaps were particularly litigious, and I assumed that a rather harshly worded court summons would be presented to me should I cause any property damage. 
   The Bluecaps, smartly, rushed out of the way as I came lumbering towards them. A few bowed while others avoided looking at me at all. Looking out over the township I could see a hundred or more of them going about their business, the entire chamber filled with moving lights and a clinging, sweaty warmth. We passed by all manner of traders, their shop fronts letting out onto the broad (for a Bluecap) avenues. To my surprise we went by a carpenter's, a yellow-and-gold Bluecap stood outside, a length of wood being washed down with a sweet smelling (presumably flame-retardant) oil. 
   'I see no eateries or food stalls, Frizzle,' I said, observing their distinct lack, 'do you fellows not eat?'
   'Not particularly, sir, not as you would call it. When we grow weak or tired we munch on coal to reinvigorate our flames, but that is about it.'
   'You eat coal?' I supposed that that made absolute sense.
   We came to a broad (to Bluecaps) central square, drawing up before the town hall. Its doors, I spied, were probably large enough for me to squeeze through, though it would take a mighty effort and permanent damage. 
   'We are here, sir, the court will be waiting in session inside for us. See, the flag is flying, which means the King is in residence.'
   A flag the size of a napkin was hanging limp from the hall's steeple. Blue and gold, it showed a flame engulfing a simple British rose. 'So,' I said, my nerves now flaring up a little, 'how is this... discourse supposed to play out, Frizzle? You mentioned that I was expected to speak on your behalf?'
   'Aye, sir. Inside will be the royal contingent, our legal interpreters, and a representative from both the B.A.R.F and the North-Western B.A.B. You must successfully argue that our members were registered members of the former, and that the latter did purposefully swindle our workers of the time out of their fair wages.'
   'You seem...' I looked over the vast town, still staggered, '...rather prosperous, Frizzle, is the matter of 30,000 pounds really so severe?'
   Frizzle frowned, I assumed, for his little slit eyes became dreadfully narrow, his flames almost closing over the gaps entirely. 'Would you argue over such a sum, sir? Even if you were rich?'
   I supposed that I would. 'There is also the matter of how I am to enter the courtroom.' I gestured to the town hall the door of which, now we were up close, might struggle to accommodate me. 
   'Just pop your head through, sir.'
   I grimaced at the effect this act was sure to have on my hair, and after the effort I had put into looking presentable too. 
   Frizzle went first, bounding up the steps to the hall and slipping quickly through them. I waited for a moment, and then those doors were swept open to a fanfare of glowing warmth from the interior. I sighed and got down on my haunches. Cautious to not stick my legs out too far and knock over any buildings with my ungainly legs, I propped myself against the hall and lowed my head to the doors. With some effort, for my ears stick out quite a bit, I was successful in sticking my face into the door and, quite like a Formula One driver putting on his helmet, I squished all my features through the doorframe and popped through. 
   I must have made quite the sight. The chamber beyond the doors was ornate, with a high domed ceiling and curved walls above a typical British courtroom. Steps led downwards through rows of seats to a high bench, behind which sat six Bluecaps of all varying colours. It was ludicrously hot, much akin to sticking ones head into an oven. The pomp and the ceremony of the hallowed hall was spoiled somewhat, my silly head shoved entirely through the doors. Imagine if you will, dear readers, sticking your head through a cat-flap into a room built to the proportions of the cat. My ears were pinned back, my hair caught on something, while outside my backside was up in the air in such a way that I was asking for a darn good spanking. I could not recall ever being quite so uncomfortable in my life. 
   Upon the high bench, in the centre, a Bluecap was wreathed in flames so vibrant his glow out-powered all others sat therein. Upon his flickering head a golden crown was propped, his tall flames shooting up through it like a chimney. I would have bowed, but my chin was set hard against the floor and the top of my lovely head was jammed against the doorframe. I simply smiled, such as I could. 'Good day, Your Majesty,' I managed to choke out. 
   The King rose from his chair and beckoned all others to sit. Then in a voice which I assumed to the Bluecaps was mighty and stentorian, announced, 'the human known as Tristan Merryweather! You have come to witness this case twixt the Cotswoldian Bluecaps and the administrative bodies the B.A.R.F and the North-Western B.A.B. You are our honoured guest.'
   I strained my eyes about for these dastardly legal foes, and assumed to have found them in a blue-wreathed Bluecap and a silvery one who stood opposite Frizzle and his legal master Catchal Hollowflame on the floor beneath the King's bench. 'I have, Your Majesty, I shall do all that I can.' 
   'Then let us begin.'
   The next hour passed in absolute agony as the warring parties outlaid their cases, traded insults, and argued over legal miniature. Any attempt I made to shift into a more comfortable position failed miserably. Eventually I found myself angled with my head at 30 degrees, my body outside beginning to ache worse than it had the last time I thought it a good idea to run. That had been a disaster which saw me put abed for a fortnight. I was going to need a damn good massage after this business.
   At last they came to me. To my head. The representative of the B.A.R.F approached, walking between the lines of benches so close to my face that I felt my eyebrows begin to singe. I had, I'm ashamed to admit, begun to drift off for a moment despite the hideous discomfort. This is a talent of mine. 
   'Sir,' Grimble Embersnap of the B.A.R.F said, his face somehow set in stoic seriousness despite his simple features. 'You have come to speak for the Cotswoldian Bluecaps?'
   'Yes,' I managed to reply. 'I believe I have.' 
   'Do you require the applicable legal documents placed before you, sir?'
   Thank goodness he offered such a generous service. For all my swotting the night before my memory was not always entirely dependable, such as it was filled with vast knowledge of such a wide variety of topics. There was bound to be some muddling. Frizzle brought up the book which I had so heroically... checked out of a library. With open arms he spread the pages before me and I gathered up all my intellect and my spirit for this, the final assault in honour of the Cotswoldian Bluecaps. I nodded, shaking the doorframe as I did, for Grimble to begin. 
   'Now, sir, it is well established by the B.A.R.F that all workers so employed by your people are to be registered members of a recognised organisation. Have you found this to be true in the case of those of the Cotswolds Bluecaps in regards to their employment in the Durham area in the 1950s to 1970s?'
   'If you will turn to page 240, Frizzle, you will find the relevant chapters,' I replied, nodding to my associate. These pages were records of the time, following the closure of mines in the Leckhampton area. 'You will see that, in 1946, just after the war - our war, I should say - that a number of Cotswoldians deregistered with the local authority and are recorded as having left the area.'
   'Indeed,' Grimble replied, tracing the lines with a flickering hand.
   'Now, turning to page 246,' I thought perhaps this was correct. 'You will see that two members of the North-Western B.A.B, misters... Gallyforp and Spitflickle, were representatives of their organisation to this court. Is it recorded in the B.A.B's own writings why these two men... Bluecaps... were welcomed as such?'
   Grimble turned down the courtroom to the, rather stern looking to my eyes, representative of the B.A.B. 'It is not,' he replied. 
   'Now,' this is the part where, if my body was entirely within the confines of the room I would have begun to pace, channelling my best Ally Mcbeal, 'I put it forward that these gentlemen of the time were here to negotiate the registering of those Cotswoldians who had moved north into the B.A.B. I believe, Mister? Mister Grindysnap, thank you. I believe Mister Grindysnap you will find, in your records, that a dozen or so new members to the B.A.B were registered in September of 1946, correct?'
   Mr. Grindysnap, looking at his own book laid out on the granite table in front of him, nodded slowly. 'Indeed.'
   'And those names will match those who left the Cotswolds some months prior, correct?'
   There was a hubbub of muttering and sparking as the Bluecaps all gathered up and checked records, discussed in little circles, and eventually nodded in agreement. Grimble of the B.A.R.F confirmed my assumption was indeed correct. I was mightily proud of myself and rightfully so. 
   'Do you have the full working records of these gentleman Bluecaps, Mr. Grindysnap? If you do, I would like you now to surmise the total earnings of them during their time working for the Durham mines on behalf of the B.A.B.'
   This took quite some time, given that there were no calculators to be had. My phone, which would have made do, was in my pocket, feeling a million miles away outside. At last they came to a conclusion and Grindysnap turned up my quickly reddening face, and announced, '96,000 pounds, sir. You will find that this accounts for 12 Cotswoldians working 364 days a year for 22 years at the most proper rate of one pound a day.'

      'Very good. And these wages came entirely from the Durham mines, paid out to the Bluecaps themselves by the B.A.B?'
   'Yes, sir.'
   'Frizzle, if you would turn to page 254 you will find, I believe, that the Cotswoldians supplemented the wages of their workers in the north as both a thanks and an incentive to the B.A.B to hire southern Bluecaps during a period in which they did not have enough workers. You see here, sirs, that this esteemed court sent a further thirty-percent to the north. The agreement, you will see, signed by King Gail Firestorm himself, was that a percentage of these extra funds was to be paid to the B.A.B, while another percentage of that percentage,' my head throbbed, 'was to be paid to the Cotswoldians in service to the Durham Mines, correct?'
   More flustering, more discourse. At last all were in agreement that this indeed was the case. 'Now,' I continued, rushing now lest the bloodflow to my brain stop abruptly at any point, 'this amounts to around 120,000 pounds, which is the amount argued by the B.A.B that it paid out over the course of service, are we all agreement? The Cotswoldian's however argue that their earnings were in fact thirty-thousand pounds higher than this.'
   'With no evidence!' Grindysnap shouted. 'The B.A.R.F requires evidence of hours worked before it will force any administration to pay out unpaid wages, and there has been none forthcoming for over 40 years!'
   'Indeed. In fact I too struggled to find any evidence of these payments, sir. It seemed to be that, given their years worked, in addition to the supplement of wages by the crown here, that the amount recorded by the B.A.B was indeed correct. But I, as well as you, sir, forgot to take one important thing into account.'
   'And what is that?'
   I smiled, every muscle in my jaw aching and scraping against the floor. 'Inflation.'
   There was a ripple of what I assumed to be laughter in the room. Flames danced and met in mid air, swirling about in a maelstrom of colour and smoke. I coughed, almost extinguishing poor Frizzle as I did. 
   'Inflation, sir?' Grindysnap's eyes were wide now, pits of darkness which seemed to bore right through my sweaty features. 'A pound a day for honest work, that has always been the Bluecap way!'
   'I understand tradition, sir. But the late seventies bore a heavy cost upon the English peoples, high unemployment drove the pound to its lowest point since the war. A pound a day was so inadequate in fact that you yourself, that is the B.A.B, took what we would refer to as tips. Is that not so?' I was reaching dreadfully, an assumption based on little more than a belief in human kindness. 
   Grindysnap's little mouth tightened and disappeared for a moment before reappearing. 'You are implying that the impoverished human miners of the period, many of them being put out of work by your government, would have given up a portion of their own wages to our people? Preposterous.' 
   I took a deep breath, my chest outside of the building squeezing against the tall pillars which held up the roof. My Harvey Specter was in real trouble of becoming Lionel Hutz if this particular hail-Mary did not pay off. 'Check if you would,' I said calmly, 'the total earnings of North-Western Bluecaps that worked the mines of Durham for the period 1971-1976. You must have them recorded, for you would have recorded the taxes that the B.A.B took.'
   More maths, more discussion. At last Grindysnap returned an answer.'142,000, sir, or thereabouts.'
  'How many Bluecaps of the North-West, that is not the Cotswoldians, were there working at the time?'
   '21, sir.'
   '21 Bluecaps earning a pound a day, 364 days a year, for seven years. To my mind that comes only to 53,000 pounds, does it not?' Thank goodness that I had worked that sum out ahead of time or we'd have been here for another five hours and my head would have popped off like a champagne cork. 'How then is the number you have recorded more than double that amount?'
   Grimble of the B.A.R.F turned wide eyes down the chamber to Grindysnap, who, to his credit, did not yet seem to be panicking. 
   'I put it to you, sir,' I said, and here too is where I would have pointed an accusing finger. 'That the miners of Durham, in their charity despite the hardships of the time, did amongst themselves donate an extra pound a day to each Bluecap. Such was the importance of your people to mine, such was the great love shared. Miners are seen now through the lens of history as hardy folk, rugged men who risked life and limb just to bring up stone and ore from the earth. Their endeavours did fuel the war machines of this country, and so too the steel empires of the north in times of great industrial need. Yet, through their hardiness they were honest folk, their hearts as large as their forearms and their lungs. Alongside them in the years of toil were your people, Bluecaps who toiled beneath the earth alongside men. A great number must too have perished in the deep places of this nation, and those sacrifices were not forgotten by my brethren!'
   That was as good a speech as I am ever likely to make, it was just a shame that no human miners were about with which to curry favour. I continued. 'Now, our 12 Cotswoldian Bluecaps of the period. Let's assume that they too were paid an extra pound a day. 12 pounds a day for 364 days, for seven years. That amount is 30,500 pounds. You, sir, of the B.A.B, I put it to you, before the King's court and the B.A.R.F, that you took this money owed to the Cotswoldians and spent it yourselves. The maths add up. Your 21 Bluecaps earned an extra 50,000 or so, doubling your normal wages due to tips. My Bluecaps, those 12 who went north, earned an extra 30,000. In total we come to that magic 142,000 when all sums are said and done. You took it for yourselves!'
   The courtroom was hushed. Upon his high bench the King had leant forward and was resting his flaming chin up his slender little hands, eyes narrowed at Grindysnap. He, once more, remained relatively calm despite the rather outrageous accusation I had just levelled at him. 
   'You've no proof that the miners paid tips, sir, this is baseless! Even if you had a single witness testimony we may discuss it further, but you do not!'
   'Have I not? Good peoples, would you be so kind as to fetch something from my pocket, a book?'
   This took some time. Some poor Bluecap had to run out of a back door, around the building, and then hop up to my back pocket. I felt a singeing on my buttocks as he or she did so, a mark no doubt that even a tailor would struggle to repair adequately. No matter. My victory was almost assured!
   At last I had Frizzle's father's diary before me. I had read it, despite my lack of certainty as to whether or not I would. Now I would wield it as a weapon to strike the deadly blow against those nefarious North-Westerners! As you will have gathered, dear readers, my arrogance was overflowing. 
   'Open the book to page 18, if you would, please Frizzle.' I then read aloud for the benefit of all the court. ' "It was upon this day, the 16th of June 1971, that a miner of the human type came to me. Before me he laid a single pound sterling of the British coinage, and he told me that I ought take it. I assumed him to be a new member of the Durham company's payroll staff, but at length I came to discover that this gentleman's gesture had been repeated by a great number of the men to all the Bluecaps of the mine, southern or otherwise." Very good, and now page 26, if you would not mind, Frizzle. Ahem. "The year rolls by and yet our wages have not increased. Those efforts by the human miners on that day in June have not been repeated, though I have seen the North-Western Bluecaps at times flicking fresh pounds in their hands with gleeful looks on their faces. I suspect that they are still being tipped." And now, finally, page 57. "Indeed, I was correct on my earlier assumption. A member of the B.A.B has elected himself chief of collecting tips at day's end, making it his role to then share them amongst the staff. No Cotswoldians see this extra pay. His name, this villain, Is Murreypatch Grindysnap. A rotter, he is!" It was your own father who swindled the Cotswoldians out of their extra pay, Mr. Grindysnap! This is witness testimony enough! I rest my case! Slam the book shut, Frizzle.' He did so with a satisfying clunk.  

VI

Matters moved swiftly after that. 
   The King was most cross with Grindysnap of the B.A.B, dismissing him with a little lick of flame which sent the chastised Bluecap scurrying back north to deliver the damning verdict to his fellows. The B.A.R.F, poor old Grimble, was awfully embarrassed. There was more bowing and apologising than a Japanese rail company's press conference after a train was two minutes late. My work was done, and my head was freed. I stood then in the central square of the Bluecap city, nursing my sore neck and apologising myself for being in too much agony to bow before the King. 
   Before me were arranged all the Bluecaps who had been on the winning side of the legal discourse. Frizzle was beaming, or was at least as close as I could imagine a Bluecap to be so to it. His flames were a little brighter, his void mouth stretched across his face in a wide smile. The King himself came before me and, with some difficulty, I managed to kneel in lieu of bowing.
   'You have done us a great service, human,' the King announced. The crown atop his head glowed radiant as his flames turned from orange to red, to blue, and then back to yellow. 'Your diligent service has closed a matter which has sore troubled us for many a year.'
   'Thank you, your Grace,' I replied, thinking that that was what people usually said before the King. At least, it was what they said in novels. I forewent informing him that I, in all honesty, hadn't done an awful lot, but that seemed to be the way with a number of my cases truthfully. 
   'For your great endeavour I bestow upon you our highest mark of honour.'
   Another Bluecap, wearing a tall hat and a link of golden chain about his minute waist, came forward and presented an ornate box to me. Taking it my hands - being dreadfully careful not to crush it, as it was only the size of my little finger - I opened it to reveal a golden coin imprinted with the pretty design of the Cotswoldian Bluecaps' flag and an inscription: To a most Esteemed Gentleman, by Order of the his Majesty King Coallick Umbral. 'I am most honoured, your Grace,' I replied stoically, just the slightest of self-indulgent tears in my eye.
   Frizzle walked me out, back up the long rock tunnel and through the belly-scraping portal to the outside. My suit was by now entirely beyond saving, I feared, torn and as filthy as it was. We remerged into loving embrace of the sun, my eyes joining my neck and back in stinging something dreadful. 
   'Well, all well's that ends well, eh, Frizzle?'
   'My, my, sir!' Frizzle hopped up and down on the spot like an excitable puppy. 'To think that you actually read my poor father's diary!'
   'That's why you gave it to me, no?'
   'Well yes, sir, but I never thought you would actually read it! How did you come to find our records? We had thought them lost or perhaps stolen!'
   What was a more heroic answer than, "I asked someone who knows more about this sort of thing than even I, Cheltenham's Finest Supernatural Detective"? I thought perhaps that I owed Frizzle some honesty, a noble decision. 
   'Is that so, sir? But where was the book? A... secret chamber in the council? Ha! I am glad that its curator saw fit to keep our old records for so many years, you ought thank them if ever you meet them, sir!' 
   'Well to tell you the truth, Frizzle, I'm more concerned with what they may do when they realise that I won't be returning it.'
   'Oh, you folks are not violent, are you? I'm sure it will be fine.'
   'I wished that was true,' I thought of Heston Gregarian and shuddered. I suppose I will have to tell you, dear reader, of just why he and I have such animosity towards one another one of these days.
   Frizzle turned up to me and stuck out a little hand, tendrils of fingers drifting towards me like smoke. 'You are welcome back anytime, sir, I shall welcome you myself.'
   I considered shaking his hand, which Frizzle clearly wanted me to do. 'And you, my dear fellow, if ever you have any other matters of the law to attend to... call a different detective!' 

   Once I had made my way back down Leckhampton Hill (managing to fall over only once) I took the time to pop into to see Father Mayhew and inform him that the matter was taken care of. He wasn't, despite my assurances, entirely believing that Frizzle ought to be the last creature-from-beyond-the-pale that would turn up on his threshold. He did offer to pay me for my services, much to my amazement, but I simply could not accept. I conceded to him that, given the whole business was ultimately and indirectly my fault, I was simply doing my duty. That made him a little happier, even if it made my wallet cry out in agony. 
   After this I popped over to Mum and Dad's. I really ought to have done, after all. I got a bit of a speech from my mother, and a few disparaging remarks on the state of my suit from Dad between the extended family news report. After a cup of the old Oolong and some biscuits I went out into the garden and walked down to the stream which ran across the back fence. Many an hour of my youth was wasted here, my developing romantic soul taken by the beauty of the trickling water and the minnows frolicking amongst the crystal clear depths. My parents lived at the far end of their affluent street, and there the stream ran from a stone tunnel about four feet high and as dark as molasses beyond its arched threshold. Staring into its depths made a great shiver of long-carried agony wash over me, but it was worth revelling in for the sheer catharsis. 
   From upon the flowers of one of Mum's prized peonies a woman was watching me. She was minute, smaller even than Frizzle had been, but easily discernible in the early evening light by the aura which seemed to throb from her like a heartbeat. For a long while she sat upon her flowery chair and watched me, unmoving, as if perhaps she did not know that I knew she was there. At last my trip down memory lane grew tiresome and I turned to her. 
   'I do see you, you know,' I sighed. 
   She unfurled a pair of translucent wings from her back and flapped them amongst the summer breeze. 'The door won't open until you ask it to,' she replied, flicking hair the colour of brass from her pointed face. 
   'Ah, my dear lady,' I sighed, watching her take to the air. 'Why do you always pop out to revel in my moments of nostalgia? I haven't seen flipping been here for 18 months, do you people have a spy watching me?'
   She chuckled, flicking hair from her face. 'Oh, Tristan, come along. 'Tis either that we like to pop up in your life here and there, or you're going entirely insane.'
   I thought of the painting in the council's records archive and laughed. 'The latter seems more likely, sometimes. At least you're not a painting.'
   She wrinkled her button nose up. 'Ew, one of those, how dreadfully dull. Some people just cannot die with dignity, they prefer to drag it out for as long as possible, even if that means locking a little bit of themselves up in a frame for a few centuries.'
   I rolled my eyes and started back up the garden, escaping her. 'You always were morbid, Angelina,' I called back. 
   I heard her laughing as she zipped and dove through the air. 'The doorway will always open for you, Tristan, if you want it!'
   I don't, I thought ruefully to myself. Some doors were best left closed, physically and metaphorically. And the one on this particular case was well and truly shuttered. 
   
 

