
TURBULENCE
(BLOOD BURN BOOK ONE)



by

JEDI WRIGHT
Turbulence – Copyright © 2020 by Jedi Wright

All right reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.



Publisher’s Note: This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are a product of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to actual people, living or dead, or to businesses, companies, events, institutions, or locales is completely coincidental.
Dedication
To God for everything.
To a wonderful family and awesome friends who make life, heaven and hell.
Contents
DEDICATION
PROLOGUE
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
CHAPTER NINETEEN
PROLOGUE
A 20-hours darkness all over the world left people with different magical abilities; some had control of the air, some of the waters, some of the earth. Some could change into an animal while others discovered that they could control the minds of other people. That was 200 years ago. These abilities developed and were passed down to their children. Now the world’s population is divided into three major sects;
Magi, non-magi, and carriers. 
One would think it would be an unbalanced society since it’s obvious some have power over the others. It’s not. In a world where magic meets technology, no one should be taken lightly.

CHAPTER ONE
I took a quick survey of the palm branch in my hands, its leaves were an even number. 
An odd number usually ends with the option you start with, while an even number doesn’t. It gave you the opposite option. 
With that in mind, I singled out a leaf, "No," I yanked it off. 
I picked another one, "Yes," I yanked it off.
"No."
"Yes."
"No."
There were three more leaves to go.
"Yes." 
Two more. 
"No."
One to go.
"Yes," I pulled out the final leaf, feeling warm tingles smearing my insides at my final option. 
The picking game had been a tradition at home growing up. We played it each time we had a hard time deciding between options. When it happened like that, we counted any measurable material we could see using the, “yes, no" manner or any other manner, depending on the options. Or most times, we sang "Eeny, meeny, miny, moe," while we pointed at the different options. The deal was, whatever option the song ended on, that was the option we picked. Hinging on our hidden preferences, we either sulked accepting the decision or celebrated like I was doing now. Though as we got older, we learned how to cheat the game. We tried to make sure it always fell on wherever we secretly wanted it to fall on.
I tossed the now naked stem branch into the air and allowed it to float with my magic for some time before releasing it to fall to the ground. Shifting on the hammock bed I was laying on, I focused on the group of guys playing football a few feet from me. My eyes honed in on a particular blonde. Yea, the stereotypical blonde boy that ticked all the boxes for high school most popular. 
Handsome? Check.
Knows he is handsome? Check. 
Football player? Check. 
The other kind of player? You know what I mean. Check. 
Rich? Had to be if he was on this island. Check. 
Bully? Looked like one. Check.
Idiot? Of course, he was! I didn't need to confirm that. The images he had been projecting to me for the past half-hour was evidence enough. So… Check.
Reading minds took a great deal of concentration, especially for elementals like myself who just gained that level of power because the ability came with an increase in power. Elementals are magic users that could manipulate either of the four main elements; water, fire, air, and earth. The more powerful an elemental was, the easier it was to read minds. Also, when someone was projecting, it took concentration to block it-- for someone like me too. Just like reading minds, the ease at which a projection is blocked, came with an increase in power, and I was still at the stage of concentrating. 
That’s why when I looked at blondie, I didn’t do it with a smile on my face. Instead, he was dying slowly from the daggers shooting from my eyes. I didn't have the energy nor patience to concentrate on shutting off people’s thoughts, especially that of an idiot. I mean, what's the point of relaxing if I still had to concentrate on blocking an erotic fantasy of me and him. 
You heard right! A fantasy that was more like a porn show because the pictures he created were vividly detailed and very graphic. Yuck!
He wasn’t dying fast enough for my liking, so I waited for the perfect opening. Thankfully, I didn't have to wait long, a teammate of his propelled the football into the air and I released my magic too, stealthily changing the course of the ball, making sure it headed in blondie's direction. I pushed more air behind the ball, boosting its speed. I wasn't giving him the chance to step away from the ball at the last minute. With the ball closer to him, he opened his hands to catch it. But I changed the course again, sending it straight to his head. 
"Oww!" He cried out as the force knocked him to the ground, his face buried into the beach sand. 
Take that! I laughed, but immediately muffled the sound with my hands. It wouldn't do me any good if I'm caught. I watched as his friends helped him up, his face; eyes, nose, and mouth were coated in sand, making him look ridiculous and making me laugh harder. Under normal circumstances, he wouldn't have fallen like that. Not from a ball hit, but you could say I was feeling a little bit bored and a lot vengeful. 
Can't a girl just tan in peace?
I turned my attention to the other asshole who had been checking out my ass. Yea, I was lying on my stomach, so my ass was on display for them to memorize very well and maybe use it for their night milking. Nausea crawled up my gut at the image and I wrinkled my nose in disgust. I thought of sending the ball to him but decided against it. They were non-Magi-- humans that didn't possess magic-- so they wouldn't have seen the magical signature following the ball the first time, but twice would be pushing it. The same ball hitting another friend in the head wouldn't be seen as a coincidence, not when they were living in a world together with Magi. No, nothing was a coincidence. A slight wind here, a little wave of the sea there, a small tremor, a stray thought; all could be the work of a Mage. 
While savoring the sweet taste of my revenge, the ring of my phone startled me. A groan slipped from my throat seeing that it was the small black phone because I knew what the call meant. 
Work. 
Even on a vacation, I was supposed to be just a call away. So I've had to carry the phone with me everywhere I went for the past two weeks. 
Though I had been hoping it wouldn't ring, I was also expecting it to. Because let's face it. In a world of magic, there was always a bad guy to catch. Either it was someone with the delusions of being powerful and wants to confirm that delusion by doing something wrong just to see if they could get away with it. I mean, people were just so stupid. Or it could be someone who just loved hurting people for the sake of it. Or someone who couldn't control himself and takes his anger out on others. Either way, they all fell into the category of bad guys I needed to catch, and this call says I needed to catch one now.
I raised the phone to my ear, "Melissa Greg."
"Mel?" 
I sat up straight. That was my best friend's voice. Even if I knew he couldn't see me, I smiled.
"Hey, Joe." I've missed him so much. But pause, why was he the one calling?
"You need to come back home. Boss is calling us in." 
As expected, "What happened?" 
"Senator Freeman is dead. Don't worry, I'll fill you in when you get here." 
You wish. If I was with him, I'll be giving him the stink eye. Maybe I should send it over the phone? "No, send me the details now, to my email, I'll check it on my way back." 
There was no way I was going to investigate a big murder like this, without knowing the details beforehand.
"There's nothing much for now, but I'll send you the little we have. Just hurry up, things are getting rowdy here." 
"Alright, I'll go buy a ticket now." A Tomorrow morning ticket to be precise, I need the time to at least get my head back in the game. 
"Why don't you just--"
"No" I interrupted him, already knowing what he wanted to ask me. Why don't I just teleport? "Is it an emergency?" 
"Not really, but it's time essential. The non-magi aren't taking it well. They need someone to blame." 
"True. But me teleporting there now wouldn't solve the case. Give me time, I'll be home latest tomorrow evening." 
Teleportation took more finesse and a lot more magic to execute. My experience in it was a total of five hops from one room to another since I accidentally found out I could teleport last year. Besides, the distance would be too far for me.
I heard his sigh, "Alright, see you then." 
"Wait! Why are you the one calling?" Not that I wasn't happy about it, but it was unusual.
"Boss is very busy right now. He's on the hot seat trying to calm the senate and deal with the press. That's why we must solve this case quickly,” I know he added that last part to bring me home sooner. 
I snorted, "Tomorrow evening, Joe." 
He sighed again, "Bye Mel."
"See ya." I put the phone down and it was my turn to sigh. There goes my vacation. 
I looked back to the boys who had returned playing. “Just one more time," I told myself. At least let it be said I enjoyed my vacation. 
***
Coming down from the plane at the airport, my nose pricked as it took its time adjusting to the familiar dry dense air that was peculiar to our protectorate. 
Our country was divided into two protectorates; the southern and northern protectorates. The southern-- which was ours, had four states; Broston, Kenas, Newland, and Praras. While the northern had five states.
Among the southern, Broston was the largest, both in population and landmass. Though a majority of its landmass comprises of mountains and forests that were left uncultivated. Being the most populated, it was also the heart of magic in the southern protectorate. 
At the airport, we were carted through a series of checkpoints, our things inspected more times than usual. The death of one of the most influential non-magi senators had put the security in a state of paranoia.
Each protectorate was led by a council of senators, headed by a Chief Judge. The council had twenty members; ten non-magi and ten magi-- equality and all that. Senator Freeman was the head of the non-magi sub-council and popularly known for his propaganda against the magi community. His death was obviously accredited to the magi, that’s the major reason the syndicate is involved.
By the time the security agents were through with us, checking our person and luggage, I was so ready to go home. Thankfully, I’d called ahead as soon as the plane landed. 
I trudged towards the gates with my vacation box tottering behind me. One of its tires pulled out during inspection at one of the checkpoints.
At the gates, I stood and looked around, among the sea of people waiting for their loved ones. I didn't know who was coming to get me, and I seriously wasn't ready to start sorting out people's faces, so I pulled out my phone to call Dad. I was already dialing his contact when I heard my name. 
"Mel!" 
I swung my head towards the direction of the call. Being an aerosian made me very good with directions, especially using sounds. I looked up, a young, very beautiful, very vibrant girl was waving and running towards me. I broke into a smile and a fast walk sending my damaged box hopping along with me, I didn't care. 
We met somewhere in the middle and I had to let go of the box else we'll both have visited the floor because she crashed into me. I let out a gasp at the force of the impact. 
"Oh my God Mel," she said breathlessly. 
"Just kill me Tru." I felt winded too, but for separate reasons. She was choking me with her hug and my lungs were already protesting. 
"Sorry, sorry," she eased up but didn't pull out. "I've missed you so much."
This time, I was the one to choke her with a hug, "Me too." 
My head just came a little above her shoulders, my once short sister had grown way taller than me in the past few years. 
We pulled apart, giving me the chance to take a good look at her. She looked good, not that she changed any different from when I last saw her. My sister has always been a beautiful girl. Red hair, blue eyes with a red ring around her irises, indicating she was a pyrosian-- elementals that manifested fire as their magic-- high cheekbones, full lips, perky nose, she had a model's face, we both had. We'd be spitting images if you swapped her deep red hair for my light auburn one and replaced her bright blue eyes for my green ones. But where she looked stunning with her beautiful colors, I was just---- normal. 
"Let's get you to the car, then you can tell me everything," her blue eyes sparkled in excitement and she bent down to pick my box. 
"How was Bamas?" 
I chuckled inwardly, knowing she wouldn't be able to keep her questions till we reached the car as promised. She just had too much energy to have the virtue called patience. 
I smiled, "Everything they said it was, and more." 
"Really?" She bounced from one foot to another, my box along with her.
I scowled at her, "You couldn't even ask how your sister is. Trust Bamas to be the first thing you'll ask about." 
Bamas was the exotic island in the northern protectorate where I spent my vacation. Where the southern protectorate had few water bodies--none in Broston, the northern protectorate was an island of its own, then within the northern protectorate, they were numerous Islands. 
She rolled her eyes, "Come on, look at you. You look mighty fine," she winked, "If I were into boobs and ass, I'll do you-- especially that ass." She went around and tapped my ass. 
"Leave my ass alone." I jumped at the contact and glared at her.
"Hmm, I'm sure all those guys were tripping over themselves to get a view."
I huffed, they did, much to my annoyance.
"Tell me you got yourself a hot one that kept you company?"  
I laughed. 
She sighed dramatically, "Okay, tell me you at least had a one-night stand." 
"One night stands aren't my thing," I scrunched my nose in distaste. 
"I know," she acquiesced, "sadly, I'm beginning to think you're gay."
I let out a surprised cough, "Not everyone is as adventurous as you, sis." 
She ignored my gibe, "Asexual?" 
I gave her a dry look.
“Bisexual?”
"Did you come here to torture me or pick me up?"
She beamed, "Both." 
We got to the car where we parked the box into the booth. Trudy turned to me, "Maybe when I'm able to save money, I'll take a vacation there?" 
I raised my brows. That's a big maybe.
She sighed, "Stop looking at me like that. I can save money." 
"I didn't say anything." 
"You didn't need to. Come on, let's go," 
I felt like I did something wrong and should apologize. It’s not like she was overly sensitive, but I must have done something to make her feel hurt. 
"Are you the only one that came?"
She shrugged, "I'm the only one that's free." I heard it again, the dejected tone she was using and I was sure it wasn't because of something I did. 
I regarded her silently. "You've been let off again?"
"It wasn't my fault this time,"
I nodded. If she said it wasn't her fault, I believed her. Trudy doesn't lie, it was one of her good flaws. The other was her temper. With the two mixed, you could see why she couldn't hold a job. 
I pulled her into me and hugged her, smoothing her hair behind her back.
"I'm sorry, Tru. Don't worry, things will all work out." 
"Will it?" 
I nodded passionately, wanting to believe it for myself and her, "Yes, it will,” I paused, “You can always go work for Dad and Liam you know?" 
My dad and brother, Liam were doctors, and they managed their private hospital. 
She shook her head, "I'll only cause them troubles." 
"At least you won't be sacked," I reasoned. I wasn't denying the fact that she will cause trouble. Trudy was the embodiment of trouble, but at least, she'll be with people who understood her. 
"That's the more reason I shouldn't join them. I will be the pain in the ass that can't be removed." 
I rolled my eyes, "Since when do you care about being a pain in someone's ass?" She's been a pain in my ass our whole lives. 
"Since when I know that this type of pain can cost Dad," she shot back, her voice missing the vibrant energy that usually followed her around. 
I hated the gloom this topic brought over us. We could always deal with it later but for now, I needed my sister to be happy. "What do you say we go home and celebrate, huh?" 
The sad looked was wiped away immediately and replaced with a smile. "As if you need to ask me. We'll have to stop at Chitos, we need ice cream." 
Yea I know, she didn't need to have any reason to celebrate, and we'll always need ice creams from Chitos.
She held her keys out for me, "You want to drive?"
"You bet your ass." I snatched it from her and moved over to the driver's side. "You may want to put on your seatbelt." 
She cursed, "Hope I didn't make a mistake letting you drive my baby." 
"Not at all." I revved the engine and smiled at its resounding purr. Yea, I loved cars and speed.
CHAPTER TWO
The next day, I found myself in front of an impressive twenty-floors high-rise building lined with glass and steel. The Broston chapter of the Syndicate was located on Mainstreet in Broston city. 
The Magic Syndicate was like a judiciary system that dealt with crimes committed by magi. Anything about magic was dealt with expressly by the Syndicate. They were like the police of the magi. 
I flashed my ID to the computer system at the gate, watching the indicator screen turn green after verifying who I was. The double gate opened and I steered my car towards the garage, to my parking spot. 
Yea, I had a parking spot inside the Syndicate, something that will always seem to make me feel taller whenever I'm reminded of it. 
I’ll always pat myself down and say, "You've done well Mel."
Eight years ago, I was the teenage girl with no skills, no knowledge, little magic, and a truckload of determination strolling past the gates of the syndicate. I had the determination and desire to see that justice was carried out, to see that the bad guy received his due and the innocents were vindicated. It was that desire and determination that’s kept me and is still keeping me today. Because to be honest, it had never been easy. 
"A girl wants to be an agent? Hell no! I'm sure there are other 'girly things’ she can use her pretty face for."
Nobody made it easy, I was the gym tool the guys used when they wanted to flex their intimidation muscle. Agents, Trainees, Peers, everyone took their turns trying to intimidate me, even the freaking building. Yea, I was intimidated by the gigantic syndicate building, pathetic I know. 
That was then though. Now, I was the one doing the intimidation. 
I grew a tough skin, tougher than most people need because if you scratch out the fact that I was a girl and give me a clean slate, my need for justice was another taint and didn't sit well with most people. 
So in summary, I suffered. That didn't mean I didn't have good times, I did. The job in itself was fun and still is. Apprehending criminals and watching the victims take a relieved breath would always be the highlight of my day. Joe was also with me, he stood by my side even if I didn't let him fight any battles for me within the syndicate. I also had other friends, mostly my team. 
***
"Finally, you're here," Joe said as I alighted from the elevator onto our floor. 
I glowed and smiled at him, "Hey Joe." 
He returned the smile with one of his. A smile that I knew was capable of making girls lose their panties. Trust me, I've seen it too many times to count. With his white long hair that framed a gorgeous face and brown eyes, he could easily get any girl he wanted. 
Around his irises were yellow rings, indicating that he was a proteus—a caste of magi who could shapeshift into a particular animal. They were always very tall and huge, so Joe was considered short with his 5ft 11inches. But what he missed in height, he made up for it in bulk.
He came over and enveloped me in a hug. He hugged me so tight that I couldn't breathe. What was it about people hugging me tight?
I tapped his shoulders, "I… I ...can't breathe." 
When he released me, I sent him a glare, "You forgot I'm made of flesh and bones?" 
Another thing about the protei was that they were physically strong, I mean very strong. I've seen a proteus throw a car like it was a toy. 
"Sorry babe," He winked, bringing his hands around me. But I danced away with a smile on my face and headed to my desk. 
"It's okay, I know you missed me so much." 
He chuckled, "Don't let it get to your head." 
I placed my bag on my desk and proceeded to clean the two weeks’ worth of dust that had accumulated on it. 
"It won't,” I leaned on the desk and looked at him, “if it's any consolation, I missed you too." 
He came to stand beside me and wrapped his hands around my waist. "I know," a cheery grin painted his handsome face, "What can you do without me?" 
I rolled my eyes, "Now, who should be watching his head?" 
We both turned towards the door when we heard the ping of the elevator. It opened to reveal a sole occupant; Nate Wilson, A.K.A Boss, head of Broston syndicate chapter. 
Joe didn't bother removing his hands from my waist, and I didn't bother reminding him. Everyone knew where we stood with each other-- best friends. But I know if he had his way, he'll be shoving it in everyone's face with the constant display of affection. So most times I had to make sure he kept it professional.
"Greg. Good to have you back," Boss said.
I winked at him, "Good to be back Boss." He's never called anyone by the first name, always their last names. Greg for me and Rodger for Joe.
"Good" he nodded. 
I looked at his haggard frame. The stress over this case was visible in his features. 
Boss wasn't much older than us, give or take, eight years. Though he had this matured look about him that made him seem older. Maybe it was his already balding head or the constant stubble he kept on his jaw, I always thought he looked older, and not in a bad way. 
"I need you two at my office now." 
"Alright sir," we both mock saluted him, making him shake his head as he left.

Boss’s office was on the top floor, so we took the elevator up. 
Inside his office, there was another man seated. I took a seat and Joe sat beside me. 
"Greg, this is Inspector Grant from Broston Police Department." 
Boss pointed to the man. If Boss' hair was starting to bald, this man's hair was already bald. And he was much older than us, both in facial appearance and age-wise. I'll peg him to be in his late forties. 
"They want to work with us on this case." 
That had me straightening up, "Why?" I posed the question to Boss, but it was the Inspector that answered me. "The senator is one of ours." 
A non-magi, true. "But this was a crime committed by a mage," I argued.
"They aren't here to provide man-power in the field, Greg." Boss gave me the look that said to shut up. Duh! He should know by now that I won't keep shut if I had something to say. "They have the autopsy result, and will provide us with whatever information we'll need to apprehend our killer."
"Is it safe to say whoever did this didn't want the dran bill passed?" Joe asked.
Dran was a newly invented gun, made of both magic and technology. It was the only weapon known that the magi were susceptible to. It drained a mage of his/her magic when shot. From what we were told, one or two bullets weren't fatal to the mage, but pump a full magazine into an average mage, and the person might just die from magic loss.
The dran bill gave non-magi the right to own and use dran on the magi whenever they felt threatened. It was going to be their magic power against the magic-wielding populace. 
The Inspector was the one to reply again. "Yes, the marks left on his body leads us to believe it has to do with the dran bill"
"What marks?" I didn't hear of marks on his body. I turned accused eyes to Joe, he was my source. But he too shrugged, clueless. 
The Inspector passed a file over to me. I took it and flipped through until I saw the picture of the dead senator. The marks he was talking about, was written, more like burnt on his chest. 
MAKE DRAN LEGAL AND DIE.
YOU'RE NEXT.

I looked at the senator's forehead. The number '1' was branded in the same way-- with fire. I looked at the message again. “Doesn't this message look like it's for somebody other than the senator?”
“Yes, it is.”
I turned to the Inspector, “Do you know the person they're talking to?” 
“No,” he rubbed his hands over his face, “that's the reason the Senate is in chaos. They don't know who is next.” 
“I'm assuming the next person will have to be in support of the bill,” Joe spoke up. 
True, and if we can find those in support of the bill, we can narrow down the list of possible victims. “How many senators are in favor of the bill being passed?”  
The Inspector paused, looking reluctant to release the information. I gave him time since he needed to work out whether the information was worth sharing or not, while I flipped through the senator's file. At last, he spoke, “All of them, except some few magi” 
I stopped mid-flip, “All of them?” 
He nodded. 
That is half of the Senate. The senate consisted of 20. Ten magi and ten non-magi. 
“The bill was about to be passed. They just needed five magi on their side,” Boss said. 
“Three, they already had two,” the Inspector corrected. 
The picture was getting clearer. “Our killer already knows about this, and he's not leaving it to chance again.”
“Yes,” the senator concurred. 
“Greg,” Boss called, “the time frame is very small. You have one week to catch this killer. Everyone is thirsty for blood. Let's not make that thirst increase before we have a civil war on our hands.” 
“Yes sir,” I understood. Time was of the essence. I turned to the inspector. “I'll like to see the crime scene and the dead body.” 
As we were about to leave, Boss called out, “Go with Murphy. Between the four of you, you should be able to take care of yourselves.” 
I nodded and turned to our third member, Fred who was waiting for us outside, “Get Brian and let's go.”
Fred was a manipulator. He could read minds, plant suggestions, control a person, and create illusions. Brian was an azpis. He could create magical shields. I was an aerosian with the skill set of a higher than average elemental; telekinesis, shady teleportation, partial telepathy, and full air manipulation. Joe was a proteus, he could change into a magical lion which was way bigger and stronger than the normal lion. So between the four of us, we were covered, very covered.
***
Senator Freeman died in his house, more specifically, on his bed. 
A shame, because it was a very nice bed. A king-sized royal style canopy bed, with four imposing pillars. The bed took almost half of the room.  
“Someone's luxury shouldn't be used against them. That's just wrong” Joe murmured from the other side of the bed, taking note of the ropes tied to the pillar. 
“Looks like he was tied up and tortured before being killed. Look!” I pointed to the ropes around the pillars. 
“These parts look worn. It may be that the rope is old, but the middle of the rope says something different.” 
“Yea, the wear on this part of the rope was from struggling.” 
“That's what I think.”
“Do you see any magic signature?” I bit my lip, “I know it's been two days, but I was hoping we could at least find the faintest trace.”
Joe shook his head, “No trace at all. But why look for a trace? We already know this was done by a pyrosian.”
He saw my skeptical look, “You don't think so?” 
I shook my head, “I don't know what to think, but I know assumptions like that could cost us.” I turned to Fred. “What do you think?” 
I was the leader of our group, but I loved to hear the opinions of others. It helped me put things into perspective. 
“We are supposed to catch a faint trace of magic signature.” He paused, I waited for him. “Except if-- magic wasn't used.” 
“That's not possible,” Joe waved the idea off.
I looked at him. “What was his autopsy report?” 
“He died from loss of blood. He was cut in too many places, some of them, deep.” 
I shrugged. “It doesn't take magic to that.” 
“So you are saying it's not a mage?” 
I shook my head. “No. magi are still our prime suspects. It just got difficult because we won't be able to narrow it down to a caste.” Maybe that was the reason the person didn't use magic? 
“Our killer might have realized that using magic would be making it easier to catch him,” Fred said. 
“Exactly my thoughts. Let's check the body. But first, we will speak to the family or whoever was around at the time of his death.” 
The Inspector was standing at a corner. He let out a loud snort, “Good luck with that. They went into hiding before we could say, Jack Robinson.” 
I gave him a questioning look, “Aren't they supposed to be in your protective custody?”  
“This is a senator we're talking about. They disappeared before we could bring them in.” 
I laughed dryly, was this man joking? “Is that supposed to be an excuse?” Couldn't he see it? “They could be our killer for all we know.” 
“They're not.” 
I gave him a hard look. “And how are you sure?” 
“Mel” Joe called out.
“What!” 
He made the gesture, telling me to 'calm down'. I ignored him and turned back to the Inspector. My eyes shooting daggers at him. God! I had serious angst for incompetency, “How are you sure?” I didn't want to go on any goose chase when the answer could just be right in front of us.
The Inspector clenched his jaw, “The Senator had a wife and two daughters. There's no way they could do this.” He pointed to the bed.
“You'll be surprised,” I told him. “Maybe the Senator was kinky? It will only take a simple love play to have him tied to the bed. The rest becomes simple.”I glared at him and watched him shrink under my gaze. Good. 
“We have to find them, and bring them in for questioning.” 
I signaled Joe. 
“On it” he brought out his phone and was already calling the office.  
“In the meantime, we check the body of the senator to see if we can find anything worth helping.” 
The Inspector removed himself from the corner and moved to the door, “I'll take you there.”
I had to suppress the urge to sneer at him. The irritation over his incompetence was still like bad food in my stomach. Instead, I smiled and motioned for my team to follow.
***
Like members of the police force, the forensic department consisted of non-magi. The Inspector led us into an office where we met a petite woman. 
"Call me the pathologist, these agents want to see the senator's body." The Inspector turned to us, "We'll wait while she gets the doctor in charge. But there's something I want you to see first. That's the reason I brought you here." He pulled out some pictures and held them out to me. 
It was the same picture he showed me at Boss's office. The dead body of the Senator. 
“I've looked at these before,”
"I know, but there's something I want you to see." He motioned for me to check the other one. This one was different. The body was glowing.
"Blacklight?"
He nodded, "Yes. This is what I wanted you to see." 
I placed the picture on the table so we all gathered around it. 
"This symbol," he pointed to a symbol on the senator's forehead, "It wasn't visible under normal light. But when it was passed under the blacklight, it glowed." 
I looked at the symbol. It was like a crest bounded by a circle. Inside was a star with large wild cats at its foot. Weird! I haven't seen this before.
"I think I've seen something like this," Brian rubbed his jaw, his forehead wrinkling in uncertainty, "I don't remember clearly, but I think it was in my kid's brother's book." 
Joe gave him a disbelieving look, "Are you kidding me right now?"
Brian laughed, "I know this looks funny, but I'm so sure of it. Because I can remember Gus. His name is Gus by the way. I could remember him looking at this symbol and saying how cool it was that the panthers were guarding the star. He said the star was a woman." 
"How did he know that?" I asked. 
"He's studying History at the University. I think he must have come across it during one of the lectures." 
I sighed. Great, so we need to start taking history classes to catch our killer?
We were interrupted by the door opening. The petite woman walked in with an elderly man in tow. 
"I'm assuming you people are the ones here to see the body?” 
"Yes,” I gave him my hands, "Agent Greg from the Syndicate." 
He gave me a small smile and shook my hands firmly. “Doctor Patrick, pathologist in charge. Let's go over to the morgue. That's where the body is." 
We followed him down a flight of stairs, to an underground section. We got to a big iron door, where he removed the latch and drew the door aside. Cold air wafted out from the room to greet us. I shivered. 
"We have to preserve the bodies under low temperature," the doctor explained as we entered. 
The morgue was filled with human-sized looking drawers arranged in rows like a shelf of library books. The doctor went over to one of such drawers and pulled it out. 
"Something is wrong." He stuttered so low but I could hear him. Being a mage came with enhanced hearing, sight, smell, and strength. Speed too. I moved closer to see what was wrong. But I couldn't find anything. The drawer he pulled out was empty. He pulled another one, the same thing. He kept pulling till he got to the end, they were all empty. 
"What is the problem?" 
He looked from me to the Inspector, a blank look on his face, "The body is missing."
The Inspector came over, "What do you mean it's missing?" 
Doctor Patrick shook his head. "This is the slot for the body. It's not here." 
I had a sinking feeling in my belly. This wasn't good. From experience, a case that started having too many loopholes took time to solve and nearly always ended up badly. 
I ignored them and went out of the cold morgue. I needed to arrange what we knew and what we didn't know about this case. 
First, the family of the senator had gone into hiding. It may be nothing and they were just scared, or they were guilty. Either way, I wasn't leaving anything to chance.
Secondly, there was a mark on the senator's forehead. A mark that was taught in universities-- I didn't go to one, so I wouldn't know. 
Thirdly, he was designated number one, which means there will be a number two. And we can't even guess who number two will be. If there's a list this killer is following. We need that list. 
Then there was the fact that we couldn't find a magical signature at the crime scene. The body is missing, and-- I felt my ass vibrating. Someone is calling me. 
I put my hands into the pocket of my jeans and brought out the phone. 
"Melissa Greg."
"Greg," It was Boss. 
"Another Senator was just found dead. You and your team need to move fast. I'm sending you the address."
He ended the call. 
I let out a breath, just great, our killer wasn't wasting time, and it's time we don't have.  
The door to the morgue room opened and the Inspector came out looking grim. "You've heard?" 
I nodded. 
"I won't be able to follow you over there, but I've notified the police that you'll be there soon. I have to look into the missing body and make sure news of it doesn't leak out." 
I nodded again, "I understand. We'll be in touch" 
I had to cut the man some slack. Things were already out of his control, something I've realized. At least, he was trying to help. I turned to my team as they filed out, "Come on guys, another senator just met Freeman on the other side. Boss is sending the location." 
"Damn!" Joe muttered. 
Yes damn! This case was already going downhill. 


CHAPTER THREE
We were en route to the address Boss sent to us. It was that of a townhouse located in Blueway-- the southern part of Broston, mostly occupied by non-magi.
Senator Tomkin was the killer's second victim. 
I tried placing the two senators side by side in my mind, looking for anything that'll connect them. Apart from the obvious fact that there were both non-magi and senators, I couldn't get anything. 
"Is there anything connecting Freeman with Tomkin?"
"Their wives play golf together," Brian answered. 
Joe shot him a weird look, "How the hell did you know that?" 
"Yea. You ogling them or something?" Fred asked laughing. 
I found myself getting curious too. I pushed my imaginary glasses up my nose and leaned closer.
"You too?" Brian asked when he saw my actions.
"What?" I laughed, "We want to know." 
He sighed, "My mom mentioned she saw them at the golf center. Her club went there for a particular meeting. Satisfied now?"
"Well, did your mom by chance see any other senator's wife playing golf with them?"
My question was met with chuckles from Joe and Fred. I ignored them and focused on Brian. Maybe this is the connection we need. 
"Not that I heard of," he answered.
I sighed, too bad.
By the time we got to Tomkin's townhouse, the press and police had already arrived. Joe parked two blocks away and we completed the journey on foot so as not to bring attention to ourselves. 
From our previous ordeals with the press, we've learned to stay out of their way if and when we wanted to carry out any productive investigation. Not only was their attention frustrating, but it was also dangerous since all the culprit had to do to evade or attack us, was follow the media. 
Joe let out a disbelieving snort. "How is this possible? Killing a senator in the broad daylight, and a place like this?" 
I had to agree. Blueway was a residential town, and even if Tomkin's townhouse was bounded by a fence and a gate, it still took balls to do this in the day.  
"If it's a mage, it's possible," Fred stated. "A strong elemental just have to teleport in, kill him, and teleport out." 
True again. And that didn’t sit well with me at all. A strong elemental that could teleport meant someone stronger than me. We entered the gate.
"Our Killer has made a mistake then. Now we would be able to catch his magical signature,” Fred chipped in. 
“And Joe can trace it for us," I added. A Proteus can follow a strong magic signature to its owner. A magical signature is strong for about four hours, that is, if the air is undisturbed by rain or strong wind. The call came in 30 minutes ago, so we were in luck. 
With excitement and hope bubbling within me, I increased my pace. This might be the first good lead we get today, possibly the final lead, if Joe successfully tracks it. 
"Bomb!" Joe bellowed, but it was too late. We were tossed backward by the heavy blast. I didn't even have the time to manipulate the air before we hit the ground hard. 
Years of training had me standing up immediately. I moaned, feeling the ache on my left side. Thank God for big compounds. We were far away from the impact radius and so, we didn’t sustain any serious injuries.
"Another one!" Joe shouted again. This time, we were a little prepared, I let out my magic, and began to amass air around me.
Brian!" I shouted. Years of working together had him reading my intentions and he projected a shield over the police force and press. The ones that were still alive anyway. 
With minimal effort, I maneuvered the air under my feet and launched into the sky, summoning as much air as I could in the limited time to produce a big tornado. As I locked in on the location of the bomb, I directed the tornado and trapped the bomb just before it detonated. 
It felt like my insides were splitting into two as the bomb went off in the cocoon of my magic. So instead of exploding into the large radius of the compound, I took the brunt of it. Straining from too much exertion, I managed to keep the tornado in place, the moving air acting as a shield. The explosion climbed up to the sky, seeking an outlet and I raised the tornado until it was far above the house before allowing the bomb to seek its outlet in the clouds. Even that far, the echo hit me so hard and I lost control of my magic. 
I fell, tumbling to the ground. I tried summoning my magic again, but it just flickered and died. I was drained. Figured that after saving everybody, I couldn't save myself.
"Please let me not scatter to pieces. I want to have an open casket." I whispered to whoever was listening up there and closed my eyes bracing myself for the meet and greet with the ground. 
But it didn't come. Instead, I was seized by the shoulders with what felt like claws digging in my collar bones. I opened my eyes. 
Yes. Claws. I was in the claws of a big bird. 
The relief of not dying made me laugh at the picture we created. Who would have thought? If someone told me I'll have a piggyback ride with a bird, I would have escorted them to the psych ward. But here I am.
The bird released me when we were close to the ground and I jumped down, steadying myself on one knee. 
I stood up and gawked with parted lips at the bird as it landed. It was very big, almost 5ft tall. Its wings were about 20ft wide. 
"Joe?" The bird transformed back into a human Joe with a big smile on his face. 
"I finally mastered it!" 
I was almost falling over, weary from the magic use, but I still gave him a weak smile. "Congrats Joe. I'm so happy for you." 
He had been practicing taking another form for the last five years. Now, he could change into two forms, a lion and a big bird. 
"Thanks, Mel." 
He came over and brushed the hair out of my face. Worry marred his handsome face as he took a look at me. "Let's get you help. You are bleeding." 
I shook my head, "I'm okay." Some people needed medical attention more than I did. 
I looked around, "Fred and Brian?" 
"They're helping out inside the house." 
The paramedics had already arrived and they were trying to give first aid to the injured, some of them were carrying people in a stretcher back to the ambulance but the majority of them were bringing out bags and bags of dead people. 
"A lot of people died here today." 
"Yea," he replied, both of us embracing the dark cloud that seemed to come with death. 
"Who will do this? And why? If this is because of dran, why kill so many innocent people?" I asked.
"I don't think the killer aimed to kill, Mel. Maybe he did, but that wasn't the main aim." 
I looked at him. He had this look on his face he usually had when he was on to something.
"What is it?"
"As Fred said, the killer made a mistake. Using magic to get in and kill the senator in broad daylight was rash. Maybe he knew that too, so he set the bombs as a fail-safe." 
I thought about it, "Use the bomb to destroy the evidence?" 
"Yea."
I was too tired and frustrated, but I still was able to appreciate the cleverness of his plan. But did it have to involve so many innocent lives? 
I sagged and sat down on the ruins of the once magnificent townhouse, "We are back to square one." 
I hated the defeat in my tone. It was just day one. 
"No, we have something," 
I looked at my best friend wondering what that was.
"The symbol. We have the symbol." 
Oh yes. How could I have forgotten? "You're right, we'll see where that takes us. We also need a list. There must be a manner in which this killer is going after the senators. We need that list to know his next target." 
He was silent for a moment, "You are sure there's a pattern?" 
I nodded, "I think so. He marked Freeman as number one. That shows there's a number two, three, and so on."
"Boss may have something for us in that aspect." 
I stood up from the ruins I sat on and dusted my jeans. "Let's see if we can help out." 
The little rest I had refilled my tank a little. I may not be able to do any big magic demonstration anytime soon until I've slept and ate. But I'll be able to help with my hands. 
Joe looked at me with concern, "You sure you're okay?" 
"I may look like shit--" he raised his brows. I scowled, "Maybe more than shit but I'm good. Nothing a nice bath and food wouldn't cure." I added a smile for good measure. 
He shook his head, kicking at the ground, "You don't need to be strong for me Mel." 
I took annoyance to that, "You changed into a freaking bird for the first time, you don't see me telling you to take it easy. I am the leader of this team and I can't be seen as weak."
"Weak? You just stopped a bomb from exploding on us all by yourself, and with a reaction time of fewer than five seconds. And you call that weak?" 
"I'm--" 
"Greg, go home." I turned to the newcomer's voice. Boss marched towards us. I was about to object but he pinned me with his 'it's not a suggestion' look. 
"Rodger, take her home. We'll continue this tomorrow." 
"Yes Sir," Joe answered. 
"And--" He turned to me, "No backyard work. I mean it, Greg. Go home and rest. We'll convene tomorrow and continue.” 
I nodded and saluted him, "Yes Boss." 
He smiled and shook his head, "Stubborn girl," which made me grin wider. He knew me, knew I won't listen to whatever he just said. But for today, I think I will. I've had enough excitement for my first day back at work.
Joe drove us back to the office where I had my car packed. 
"You sure you're okay to drive home?" 
I shot my best friend a glare, "Ask me that question again and see if you won't find your lion with a missing tail." 
"I'm concerned, Mel."
"Don't be a big baby. I know you care, and I love it." 
"You do?" 
I grimaced, "Well, sometimes. Just because I'm a girl doesn't mean you should treat me as fragile." 
We were always having this conversation. 
"I know you aren't fragile, Mel. You're the strongest person I know. Look at where you are now. It doesn't take a fragile person to get there. It's only someone strong. Someone like you that can get there,” he paused, “I worry because I care for you.” He held my face in his hands, “I care for you so much, that's why I get worried."
Part of me knew that. But I guess years of being looked down on as a girl trying to make it in a man's occupation had made me cynical. 
"I know Joe. Dinner tomorrow?" I offered as a form of apology.
He smiled so wide, "Yea, my treat." 
"No my treat. I'm the one asking you out,"
"I'm the--" 
I raised my brows, "the man?" 
"Ehrrmm--" He winced. I smiled. 
"My treat. See you tomorrow, Joe, and greet Maria for me." I entered my car and drove off.
***
I arrived at our house at Conwan, a three-story duplex complete with a lawn, a fence, and a gate. Yea, the standard house for a middle-class family in Broston. 
I still lived with my parents. We all still did. Well, except Liam, my older brother. He didn't technically live with us. He had a house two streets across but he was around so much that you'll think he lived with us. The prospect of living alone was scary for all of us, most especially since we're still single; something that bothered my mom so much. I was grateful Liam was at the receiving end of the motherly worries for now. It was a daily reminder. 
"I need to have my grandchildren before I die." As if she's ninety when she's just fifty-four.
The problem was, Liam's entire life was the hospital; not exactly a place to find the love of your life, though he'll beg to differ. Whether it's the old nurses he'll want to marry or the sick patients I'm still wondering. I was concerned though. My brother is thirty, and for a very long time, I haven't been introduced to anyone called his girlfriend. 
I snorted, Trudy shouldn't be hounding me to get a boyfriend, Liam was worse.
At least, my mom was still patient with me. I had two more years before she started pestering me about looking for a man. I shivered as I came down from the car, both from the cold and the terrifying thought. I can't remember that last time I had I'd been with a man, just to enjoy each other's company. 
Joe didn't count. 
Two years? Three years? It should be four. One night stands weren't my thing, and a relationship didn't just work with the nature of my job. So finding a man would be harder than even finding this killer we were looking for. 
I entered the sitting room to find all of them present, even dad. No patient to treat tonight? 
"Oh my baby," mom ran over to hug me. I fell into her arms, favoring my left side. Another perk of living with my parents. These motherly hugs after a day's work-- mostly days like this, went a long way in replenishing lost energy. 
"I'm so glad you are back," she ran her hands all over me, searching for injuries. I winced as she touched my left rib. 
"I'm fine, mama." 
My Dad snorted, "No you're not," he came over. "You're not,” he repeated. 
“You flinched, that means you broke your ribs or at least bruised it. And you're bleeding from your nose." 
My Dad was a tall lean redhead with blue eyes. That's where Trudy got them from. Liam too. They both took everything from my father; hair, face, and magic. My mum and I were the only aerosians in our family; we had the grey rings on our irises to show for it. But where she had brown eyes, I had green.
"My daddy is a doctor," I mimicked four years old me to lighten the mood. But it had the opposite effect as he scowled at me. 
"You think it's funny? Wait until I'll have to be the one to identify your body in the morgue," his voice broke, betraying the concern and worry he's been trying to keep in check. 
I sobered up, "I know it's not funny dad, but this wasn't my fault." 
I've been told that I always take serious things for granted. But that's not true. Everybody had a way of coping with bad situations. Mine just happened to be making fun of such situations. Can you blame me? 
He ignored me and began to inspect my ribs. My mom pulled off my jacket with little assistance from me. Liam was already by my side with their doctor's kit or whatever they called it. My mom raised my shirt, and I was forced to raise my hands so she could take it off. 
I huffed but let them fuss over me until they were satisfied. Dad inspected my ribs thoroughly before confirming that it was just bruised. When they confirmed I was okay and not dying, they backed off.
"I told you I was fine." 
My mom scoffed, "Forgive me if we don't believe you anymore." 
That hurt. "It was just once Mom." 
Years ago, I had a big cut on my forearm fighting with a Proteus, but I lied to them and said I was okay because all I wanted to do then was to lie down and rest. It was only when my mom came to my room to check on me, did she see that I'd almost bled dry on the bed. 
She huffed, "Once was enough." 
Well, I couldn’t argue with that. I lied to them, and almost died for it; now I have to put myself through their thorough check-up each time I was in a fight or-- in a bomb blast.
I dragged myself to my room, straight to the bathroom, and spent precious time getting out of my jean trousers. Experience had taught me that wet jeans were like dealing drugs-- both were impossible to come out from. So I patiently got them off before dragging myself under the shower, washing the dust and dirt of the day out of my body. When I felt I was clean enough, I came out and dressed in pajamas before joining them in the sitting room. 
There was food heated and waiting for me by the time I came out. I sat between Liam and dad. 
"Hey, Mel," Liam ruffled my hair. 
"Still wet," I threw him a glare. I didn't have the strength to dry it before coming out. 
He winced holding out his now wet hands. "Sorry." 
"That's what you get for trying to treat me like a small girl." 
He rolled his eyes, "You are still a small girl, Mel." 
I laughed, "Did you see what I did?" As if on cue, the television station that was on, tuned in to the bomb blast. I sat and watched as the first bomb blasted us back, and we all fell on our asses. I winced remembering how painful that fall was. Then I watched as I took to the sky looking like a performer in a circus. 
Damn! It was fascinating to watch. I looked like an Avenger bringing her wrath upon the earth. 
We kept watching till it got to the falling part. I heard my mom gasp. Thank God they didn't watch this without me being physically present. They wouldn't have believed I was okay. 
"Wow! Who's the bird?" Tru asked as the big bird plucked me from the sky. 
I smiled, "Guess." 
She looked at me, "Joe?" 
I nodded. "He's mastered the bird form as his second animal." 
It was such a big deal in the protean society. An average Proteus could only master just one animal form. Only the powerful ones could take up to two, three, and so on. 
"He was always a strong kid," my mom said, beaming with pride. 
"Is it confirmed that this is Wilmore's doing?" Liam asked. 
I looked at him in confusion. "Wilmore?" 
"Yea. Damon Wilmore." 
I knew Damon Wilmore, more like I knew the name. Hell, everybody knew his name.
"Why do you say that?" 
He shrugged. "That's what people are saying. The last time he was seen publicly, he threatened Freeman. You guys haven't seen the video?" 
He was surprised? I was surprised too. "I don't even know what you're talking about, Liam." 
My sister brought out her laptop and began typing. "Here," she handed me the laptop. I clicked the video on the display. 
It showed two men in one of those excuse events elites of Broston usually organized to show off. One was Senator Freeman, I’d seen his dead body enough to easily recognize him. The other one should be Damon Wilmore. 
From the little I've heard, Damon Wilmore was what you'll call the mafia boss for magi. It was an open secret. Their dealings were mostly illegal and behind the scenes even though nobody seemed to be doing anything to stop them. 
In the video, he was wearing a black tux that molded very well to his huge body. He was a very big man, standing next to him, Freeman looked like a dwarf and Freeman was over 6ft.
Freeman's voice came out from the speakers, "Wilmore, I don't suppose I can change your mind, seeing as you are one of the few people I know that will loose from dran being legal" 
I paused the video and turned to Liam. "Why does he want to change Wilmore's mind? Last I heard, he wasn't on the senate." 
"No, he isn't. Though I heard he rejected a seat there. He has a big sway over the magi in the senate." 
I looked at my brother in a new light, "How do you know all these when you're holed up in the hospital?"
He smirked, "You'll be surprised at the amount of sharing a sick patient can do, or a family member of the sick can do." 
Huh?
I played the video to continue watching. 
Damon just watched him silently with his piercing black eyes, no white, no ring. Azpis and Sylphs were the only two castes that had no ring in their irises. But they never almost had black eyes.
He smiled at Freeman. No, not a smile. Something else. A smile made someone feel welcomed. Even with the computer screen separating us, I had to urge to take a step back. Freeman sure did. The look on Damon's face wasn't welcoming at all.
His voice came out as a growl betraying the smiling expression on his face. "Remember to look where you put your foot, Freeman, I hate for you to mistakenly walk into your death." 
He said it as casually as someone giving business advice. He gave him that death smile once more and walked away. 
I shivered. 
"Isn't he so hot?" My sister cooed, sighing dramatically. 
I snorted, leave it to Trudy to be thinking about how hot he is, "That's danger, not hot." 
"Same thing," she shrugged, "Danger is hot." 
"Only you. Only you, Tru."
"Well, if you sit still for a minute and think about it, you'll think the same thing.
"Thank you, I'll pass," I yawned.
"Mel you're tired," my mom said from where she was watching me on the loveseat with my dad. 
I was.
"Go and sleep. I'm sure you have a tough day ahead of you tomorrow," my dad said.
I didn't need to be told twice. I stood up and wished them goodnight, pecking them each on their cheeks before going inside. 
Before I climbed my bed, I checked my phone to see if I had any new messages or missed calls. Just one. 
It was from an unknown number. I clicked it open. 
"Nice save"
Huh? 
I looked for the number that sent it, but it was hidden. Weird. My mind went to the bomb blast. Was that what this person was talking about? 
I sighed. Later, I'll deal with it. I plugged the phone to charge, got on top of my bed, and went to sleep.


CHAPTER FOUR
The next morning we were all seated in Boss' office, our eyes glued to a large projector screen. Brian's brother, Gus, stood in front of us about to unravel the meaning of the symbol we found on Freeman's body. 
Gus was Brian's look-alike, just younger. Black hair, long jaws, grey eyes. But where Brian wore his hair short, Gus left his long, pairing it with a cute glass to complete the nerdy look.
Boss nodded at Gus to commence his teaching. He brought his hands together and rubbed them in excitement, displaying a wide grin. I chuckled. This must be a once in a lifetime opportunity for him-- having bad-ass agents as students. 
"Immediately after the Darkness," he began saying. He was referring to the twenty-hour darkness that brought about magic 200 years ago. 
"Magic appeared in our world." 
"Can you just go straight to the point?" Brian covered his face with his hands, embarrassed at his brother's antics. 
Gus ignored him and continued, "History had it that as some humans changed to animals-- we know them as proteus, some animals changed to humans." 
He paused and waited for us to pick up our fallen jaws. 
"Please, we don't need fiction here."
Gus clenched his jaw and sent a narrowed look to his older brother, "It's not fiction," he whirled to face all of us, eyes wide, "This is our reality." 
He must have read this particular history over and over again with no fading fascination.
"Go on," Boss told him. 
He beamed at Boss, "Thanks." 
He continued, "As I said, some animals changed into humans, or more specifically, they were able to wear the human form. Deep down they were still animals with basal primal Instinct; feed, survive, and procreate. Among these animals were two panthers, both brothers. It was said that they married a human woman, a carrier to be specific." 
A carrier was a woman who had magic in her gene but couldn't manifest it. The magic was usually passed down to her offspring. 
Gus was in his element. I could see how much he loved talking about this. I just had to keep pinching myself so as not to start calling bullshit to what he was saying. Animals turning to humans? Wtf!
I listened though. If it helped us catch our killer, I wasn't complaining.
"The Panthers knew that this woman was special. They could sense the magic within her; something we the magi couldn't do then. So they protected her and procreated with her. 
She gave birth to just one son. It was also recorded in history that the one son had the essence of his three parents within him. That is, instead of one father, he had two." 
"Heteropaternal superfecundation," Boss announced. 
"Is that not if they are twins?" Fred asked.
With eyes bulging out of their socket, I turned to Fred, giving him a questioning look. 
I mean I was given birth to by a doctor and teacher and I don't even know what that is. 
He shrugged, "Read it in a novel." 
"Fiction if you ask me." 
Gus focused his glare my way, riled up over the fact that we refused to believe his story. 
"It's not fiction. We are talking of magic here. Anything is possible." 
I winked at him and for a second, he faltered. His cheeks suddenly infused with red. Ha! Let it not be said Mel lost the feminine touch. 
"Sorry, Continue," Boss said once more. 
Gus cleared his throat, straightening the non-existent wrinkles in his pristine white shirt. He swung a look my way but immediately averted it, trying to look everywhere but in my direction. 
"The child became a very powerful Proteus. He didn't need to master his panther form before he could change. And he changed into different animals at ease." 
I perked up at that tiny detail. There was an element of truth in every story. So if part of what he's saying was true, then it's likely we were dealing with a very powerful proteus. Someone that could change into any animal form. 
"How does it relate to this symbol?" Boss pointed to the symbol on the screen. 
Gus moved closer to the screen. "The panthers here are the two animals that turned to human men. While the star is the carrier woman. It was said that they considered her as a star, special, something that had so much light within, so much magic." 
"So you're saying this is a family crest?" 
He nodded. "Yes, It is." 
"What's the name of the family?" Joe asked. 
Gus shook his head, "It wasn't recorded. What was recorded was just the name of the son they gave birth to. Wilmore." 
I gasped at the mention of the name. "Damon Wilmore?" 
Boss started shaking his head, but I stood up and brought out my phone. 
"This is the video that's circulating the Internet," I showed it to him.
"I've watched it, Greg. But I don't think he’s the one." 
"Why?" I was confused. It's pretty clear. "He was taped threatening Freeman publicly, days later Freeman ends up dead with his family crest on Freeman's forehead." 
"I don't want to believe it's him." 
I asked the same question. "Why?" 
Boss sighed. "If he's the one, then we have a problem on our hands." 
I studied him intently, "Are you afraid?" 
He looked me dead in the eyes, "Yes I am." 
I let out a frustrated breath, "Who exactly is he?" 
Joe shifted in his seat, "The Devil." 
I turned to him and crossed my arms, "Really?" I was under the impression that no one was greater than the Syndicate.
He shrugged, "That's his name on the street." 
"Sit down, Greg," Boss said. 
I pouted and took my seat. He sat down too. 
"Damon Wilmore has connections that I don't have. I don't know what he is; I'm thinking only a few people know." 
"He's an azpis," Brian chipped in. 
"I don't think so," Boss shook his head. 
"I'm sure. I've seen him manifest a shield in our meetings." 
We all went silent. 
"Then we are missing it," Fred said, "This particular Wilmore is a proteus, not an azpis." 
"If his mother is an azpis, he can be one," I said. 
There were no standard rules in magic inheritance. A child could either inherit from his father or mother.  
"Do we know anything about his background?" he asked. 
I quickly opened my phone and typed Damon Wilmore. 
Immediately, photos of him filled my phone. I scrolled down to see he even had a wiki page. I opened it. 
"Anything?" 
I shook my head. "Just his name, his caste, his date of birth, and his address listed as Westown." 
I closed the phone and looked up to Boss. "What do we do? We go after him?"  
When he didn't answer, I pushed, "This is the only solid lead we have Boss." 
"Patience Greg. If you don't care about your life, at least think about your family before running to Westown,"
"My family knows what I signed into. I shouldn't be afraid of apprehending the bad guy just because he may go after my family." I was bristling with anger, "Did you see what he did yesterday? A lot of people died. What about their family? If we are afraid to catch him, who will?" 
I was breathing hard by the time I was done. Gus let out a slow whistle from his corner, "Hot damn!" 
I shot him a glare and he shrank.
Boss sighed. "So what do you want to do?" 
I thought for a minute, "We can call him in for questioning." 
"And what if he doesn't come?" 
"Then we go to him." 
"That's a rough game you want to play, Greg." 
Joe spoke up, "Since it's just questioning, I don't see any harm in that. If he's the culprit, then we'll plan our next action from there." 
Brian and Fred both nodded in agreement.
"Okay, let me see what I can do. In the meantime, let's see how much information we can gather on him. From the streets, the tabloids, from records, everywhere, let's have a huge file on him." 
"Yes sir," we all chorused. 
"Well, let's get working." 
He turned to Gus, "Thanks for the help. You'll be compensated. Don't forget to keep what you just heard in your head. Not one word out" 
"You can trust me sir" Gus smiled and saluted him, making us chuckle while Brian just shook his head in exasperation. 
***
"Is this guy a ghost or …"
"I told you, he's the devil." 
I rolled my eyes at my best friend. 
"You don't still believe?" He asked.
"I don't think a man-- no, a criminal should have that much influence." 
He snorted, "Then explain the fear in people's eyes whenever we mention the name Wilmore?" 
That was what bugged me. Whenever we mentioned Wilmore to anyone, they'll lock up on whatever they were about to tell us, and start looking around as if saying his name will invoke him. One man shouldn't be able to instill such fear in people. Not just ordinary people, government officials too. I remembered the fear in Boss' eyes and I couldn't remember seeing Boss afraid before.
"I don't know Joe. But I'm not backing off," he went to protest but I cut him off, "If he's guilty, he has to pay for his crimes."
He sighed, sounding like a parent trying to explain to her six-year-old kid why the world is round and not flat. 
"Just have it in your mind that even if he's guilty, he may not be punished. From what we've discovered, he's basically untouchable--"
"That's the thing, no one is supposed to be untouchable!" I yelled.
"Sshh… We're already drawing attention to ourselves." 
I looked around, true, more people were looking our way. 
We were on the streets of Westown trying to get insight on who its alleged owner was. Remembering Damon's threat to Freeman, and the way it was delivered made me shiver. I might want to bring him to justice, but I didn't want to die before I did that. 
"We need to leave this area, Mel!" 
It was the panic in his voice that had my heart triple beating. 
"What is it?" I asked as we increased our pace till we were almost jogging. 
"We're being followed." 
I released a string of my magic into the air around us, drawing the air farther behind closer, with it I could hear the heartbeat of our pursuers. One, two …
"I'm counting five." 
"Yeah me too." 
We kept fast walking till we turned into an alley, hoping to lose them. But they were already gaining on us. So we lost all sense of pretense and broke into a full run. I was literally flying. 
As an aerosian, the air was our playground. 
They were still closing in on us. The thought of teleporting crossed my mind, but I couldn't leave Joe here alone and I won't be able to teleport the two of us. So we kept running, from one alley to another. We were hardly sweating by the time we came to a stop. This being a little exercise compared to the training we underwent as agents.
  
Ahead of us, the street was blocked on both sides. There were no cars or people save for a lone limousine and more of the thug-looking men that were on our heels. 
Joe swore under his breath, "This is all shades of fucked up Mel."
I laughed, "See you, big baby. Already crying before you're even beaten." 
"It's better to cry now, at least I'll be in the mood when they start beating me," he retorted. 
That's Joe for you, no bragging, no pretense, and no delusion that if it comes down to it, he'll come out on top-- though that wouldn't stop him from going in.
"If things go downhill, you turn into that freaking bird of yours and fly. I'll just teleport myself out of here." 
He rubbed his hands all over his face, "You think they'll not have an azpis there?" He pointed to the crew waiting for us, "Why don't we escape now?" 
It’s not like I haven’t thought about it, but no. I had a feeling that they weren’t here to fight. To intimidate? Yes. But not fight. And I've been a recipient of too many intimidations to know that if we run now, we won't get anywhere with them. 
"We might be able to get information from them," I told him. 
"Right, at the expense of our lives." Sarcasm dripped from his voice.
I stopped walking and turned to face him. "Why are you behaving all scared and pessimistic? It's beginning to irritate me." I glared at him, "Last I heard, lions weren't prey but predators."
That was a direct jab, I knew. But if that's what it took for him to man up then I'm okay with it.
He took a deep breath, "Mel." 
I waited for him to continue. 
"This guy isn't a joke. You remember what happened to Shaw and his team?" 
It took me a moment to remember who he was talking about. "Didn't they retire?"
"Yea, they did. And they retired because they were investigating Damon Wilmore." 
I chuckled, "You think he'll do something to make us retire?" 
He shook his head, "I think retiring would be mercy, and that's something he doesn't have. We are going to be investigating him for the murders of non-magi senators. I think that tops what Shaw and his team did by a hundred times." 
I huffed, "That's beside the point." 
"Mel." 
"I won't allow fear to stop me from doing my job," I told him firmly, then smiled. 
"Our friends are getting impatient," I pointed towards the group of men,
"Let's go see what they have for us." 
We walked together till we were a few feet away from them, then Joe stood in front of me. 
A surge of irritation flared within me. Dammit! I don't need protection from anyone. I could take care of myself. I came out from his back and stood by his side but not before letting him know how I felt about his actions with my glare. He should shove his over-protectiveness in his pockets for now, or better still, for forever.
I studied the men in front of me as they studied us back. They all had dark hairs and yellow rings around their irises, an indication that they were proteus. They didn't even bother masking the yellow glow, meaning that they were seconds from going all king Kong on us if we sneezed the wrong way. 
I put on my best nonchalant face, "Where is your boss?" I looked towards the limo expecting him to come out. 
They didn't answer me, just shifted to reveal a tall lean man with grey hair. No, he wasn't old. He just had grey hair.
I pegged him to be in his thirties. He had sharp piercing blue eyes with a white ring around them. 
Great! A manipulator, and from the looks of it, a very powerful one. I could sense the power emanating from him. He wasn't even trying to cloak. 
With power came the ability to cloak one’s magic. I could cloak, but just a very little of my power. The man standing before me could cloak a lot more, and I was betting my one year's salary on it. 
"I'm sorry for interrupting your lovely afternoon stroll, Miss Greg." His voice came out very soft and he bowed his head to me. 
I managed not to laugh out loud. Who was this guy? And what century did he think we were living in? Bowing? 
"It's no problem, we were just going home anyway," I said flippantly like we weren't surrounded by thugs of the underworld mafia. 
He smiled showing beautiful straight white teeth, "Great. Then would you allow us the pleasure of escorting you home?" 
Ha! Not in this life. 
Smiling back, I said, "Thank you for your offer, but we can get home by ourselves." 
If he didn't like my answer, he didn't show it. The smile was still on his face. "It was a polite request, Miss Greg." 
With my corner eye, I saw Joe shuffle on his feet. I took a deep breath and looked at the man. "You have me at a disadvantage here. You know my name, but I don't know yours." 
"Malachi Strutman at your service," he bowed his head again. 
Seriously, what was this man drinking? 
"Thanks, Mr. Strutman for the offer. As I said, we can find our way back ourselves." I gave him one final smile before taking Joe's hands. It was time to leave. 
But as I turned to go, one of the thugs stood in my way. I sighed, releasing my magic, ready to blast the fool into the air. 
"I wouldn't advise that, Miss Greg." 
I turned to glare at their leader. He still wore his smile. Doesn't he have any other facial expression than a smile?
"You see," he began, "They are ten protei here. Among which we have; a tiger, panthers, eagles, griffins. Name them. They are all predators. Even If you can save yourself…" he turned to Joe, "Your friend here won't be able to survive." And as if to emphasize his point, the guy closest to Joe moved closer. 
Defeated, I drew my magic back into me and let go of the air I was holding, it hit our faces and made our hairs stand as it passed. I turned to him and cocked my head.
"Now if you'll be kind enough to join me in the car, we'll take you home." 
I noticed he didn't even include himself in the mix when he was listing their strengths, meaning he didn't need to join in the fight. Arrogant bastard. 
Outnumbered and out of choices, I dragged myself into the Limo. 
Joe and I shared a seat while Malachi sat opposite us. 
"You want a drink?" he asked. 
I shook my head but Joe nodded. 
"Yea, if you have something strong." 
I gave him a look, surprised that 'paranoid Joe' wouldn't think that the drink could be drugged. He shook his head when he met my eyes. 
"Here," Malachi handed a glass filled with liquor to him. He accepted it and took a sip. I waited, expecting him to sleep or start foaming or anything people did when drugged, but he just kept drinking so I relaxed. 
I spent the thirty minutes journey in my head. Thinking about my next course of action. 
So they didn't want us snooping in their territory, fine. We'll just have to use stealth next time. Their reaction screamed that something was fishy. And I wasn't just talking about their usual day to day criminal fishy. They had something to do with the senator's case. If not, why will they rush us out of Westown like that?
The Limo came to a stop. I looked out, it was in front of my house. I wasn't even surprised by the fact that they knew where I lived. Immediately as the door opened, I came down, prepared to put enough distance between me and anything Wilmore for the now. 
"Miss Greg," Malachi's voice stopped me. I turned to meet him. He was out of the car too and he had a gold-colored envelope in his hands. 
"Another polite request from the person you've been asking about." 
Curious, I took the envelope and opened it. 
I'll be delighted to enjoy your company at dinner this evening. 
--Damon.
I looked at Malachi. He nodded his head. 
"A car will be here by 7 pm." 
He nodded at the driver who brought over a package and dropped it in front of us. 
"Nice meeting you, Miss Greg. Hopefully, we'll meet again soon." 
He turned to leave.
"You didn't ask me whether I'll want to go." 
He paused and turned back. The same creepy smile was his reply.


CHAPTER FIVE
I waited until they were out of sight before I kicked the package in anger. I handed the envelope to Joe who had been unusually quiet since we got off the death train. 
He took the envelope and read. 
"Fuck!" 
Yea, fuck! 
"What will you do?" He flipped the paper upside down checking for any hidden message, "We have to let Boss know about this." 
I shrugged going for calm even if I was nothing but the opposite of calm. "Simple, not go." 
He shook his head, "I don't think anybody rejects Wilmore's summons, Mel." 
I searched his face, "You know more than you're letting on." 
It wasn't a question, and I was right, else he wouldn't be averting his gaze. 
"Mel." 
I stamped my foot on the ground, "You know how I hate people keeping things from me." 
He sighed, "I know but--" 
"And don't tell me it's for my protection," I snapped at him. 
He looked around, "Let's go inside, outside here isn't safe," he bent and carried the package.
We both went into the house.
"I was wondering when you guys would come in." My sister sauntered over to greet us looking beautiful and put together like it was her job to be. 
"Hey Tru," Joe gave her a peck on her cheek. He looked down at her like a brother would look at a younger sister, "You good?" 
She nodded and smiled at him, "I'm good, but I'll be better if I don't have to sit on my ass all day doing nothing." 
He shot her a worried look, "Your job?" 
She shrugged and huffed, "Is no longer my job." 
He wanted to ask more but she changed the topic. 
"I saw the limo you guys came with and those hotties that came out of it. What's up?" 
I sat down and took a deep breath. It was good to be back in the safety of my home, even if that safety was just an illusion.
"Nothing you need to be worried about," Joe said the same time I said,
"Those were Damon Wilmore's thugs." 
He looked at me questioning, I shrugged. There was no point hiding anything from her. As matter of fact, I've decided to tell my parents and brother who and what I'm dealing with so they could at least get the heads up on what might happen.
She let out a slow whistle, "Makes sense,"
I raised my brows at her confused as to what makes sense. 
"Wilmore is smoking hot. It makes sense that he will employ hot people too."
I sighed and rested my head back on the chair. "I'm not going to point out the fact that you need serious therapy." 
She stuck her tongue out at me, "You just pointed that out." 
I shook my head, "When the big bad wolf looks hot to the girl in the red hood, then she definitely needs therapy." 
She pouted, "That's a racist comment."
I chuckled, "You're not even from a different race." 
"But you're making fun of my red hair," she whined.
"And I called Damon a big bad wolf. Deal with it."
She snorted, tucking her legs under her and leaning on the armrest. "You're the one that needs therapy. I'm not even sure if you know what hot is," she gave me a pointed look, "even if it's being paraded in front of you every day." She then turned to Joe to solidify her point. Yea, I knew what she meant.
"Can we get back to the topic here?" 
"Oh, did I make you uncomfortable? Don't worry, I won't tell you that he's in love with you." 
Gosh! This stupid girl, My face heated. I squirmed in my seat begging the chair to swallow me up. "Trudy Rose Greg!"
I didn’t dare look in Joe's direction. Whether it was true or not, the jury was still out on it. 
"Full name, really?" 
I glared at her, "Shut up." 
"Okay, I will. But you know he's in love with you right?" 
I used my magic to launch the remote resting on the table straight at her head. She caught it.
"That's cheating, Mel."
"Who says I'm fighting fair?"
I sent the flower vase next. She manifested fire from her hands. 
I lifted my brows, "I'm sure you'll like to explain to mom why her precious little flowers are burnt." 
"Bitch," she quenched it. 
I smiled, "You're welcome." 
"Now, back to the problem at hand. Joe has something to tell us about Damon." 
I turned to Joe, the embarrassment of Tru's confession now faded. Not gone, but faded like a piece of background music. 
He frowned in annoyance, "Does Tru have to hear this?"
"Now I must hear this," she rested her jaw on her hands. 
"Yes," I said. 
"The lesser she knows the better," he argued.
"No, the more she knows the better." 
He sighed, "Don't say I didn't warn you." 
I waited for him to continue. 
"In 2014, An Ambassador from the northern protectorate was killed here in Broston. Do you know how?"
"How?" It was Tru that asked him. 
"Damon Wilmore. He came to the hotel where the senators lodged the ambassadors with his thugs and killed him. Walked out the same way too." That was six years ago. 
"How do you know this," It was hard to believe. A man shouldn't have that much power.
"My mom worked in the hotel at that time. They were threatened to keep their mouths shut." 
"Did they?"
He grimaced, "At first, no. My mom's colleague died together with her husband."
The gasp I heard by my side revealed Tru's horror. She turned to me looking well and truly frightened, "Okay, I know he's hot, but apart from that, what do you still have to do with this guy?" 
I turned to face her, "He's a prime suspect for the senator's death."
She laughed, a humorless dry laugh, "If I heard right, this guy can get away with killing gods." 
"I don't care if he can get away with killing gods. I joined the syndicate so that I could catch the bad guys and that's what I'll do no matter who the bad guy is." 
"And what of your family?" Joe asked. The same question Boss asked. I smiled. 
"It's high time they took a vacation" I was prepared. 
"Your wish is coming true. What do you say, Bamas?" I asked Tru.
She squealed and tackled me into the chair, "Are you shitting me right now?" 
"No, since I'm the one paying."
She rolled her eyes but sobered up, "You want to place yourself in harm's way? 
I peered straight into her eyes, "You know I have to do this."
She hugged me, "I know. I'm just scared for you even if you aren't scared." 
"I'm scared," I told her, silently admitting the truth out loud for the first time. "I'm scared. But I won't let it stop me." 
She wiped the tears that were already gathering in her eyes and gave me a weak smile, "You can't help yourself, can you? Always fighting for justice." 
"Someone needs to fight for her." 
"And you’re the person.”
“Maybe.”
She nodded, “Just be careful." 
"I will." 
That solved, I turned to Joe. He was still thinking, "My family too, I'll have to send them away." 
I nodded. That's one of the reasons I loved Joe. He may bitch at me for doing something risky, but he won't ever let me do it alone. 
"Does that mean you'll accept his invitation?" 
"Invitation? Who?" Tru asked.
I shook my head, "If he wants to meet, it should be on our terms. I'll wait for Boss as he said." 
"Hey,” Trudy snapped out her fingers to gain our attention, “which invitation are you guys talking about?" 
"Damon asked me out for dinner." 
Her mouth fell open, "Holy shit! Lucky bitch." 
I glared at her. "Have you forgotten we just concluded that he is a very dangerous man, and he's to be avoided?" 
"I know. I'm not dumb. But he's inviting you for dinner" she shrugged, "I don't think he'll kill you over a plate of chicken." 
I shook my head, I didn't have the time for my sister's train of thoughts. 
"I'm serious, it will be beneath him to do that. If he can kill an ambassador in broad daylight and get away with it. Sorry sister, but you're a nobody. He doesn't need the pretense of a dinner to kill you. That's what I'll think if I were him though." 
I rolled my eyes, "Thanks for the sisterly support." 
It was her turn to roll hers, "Please, I'm just telling it like it is. But don't worry," she crossed her hands over my shoulders and drew me closer, "You mean the world to me."  
I scrunched my nose, "While you are a thorn in my ass." 
"And what a very fine ass" she reached over to want to tap it.
"Trudy!" I warned.
"Sorry, sorry. So about this date, I think you should go." 
"No" 
"At least have the pleasure of ogling him before you kill him. He’s one of the most eligible bachelors in Broston.” 
As if that should mean something.
I chuckled, "No." 
She pouted, "Okay, suit yourself." 
"I will" 
"If you're not accepting his invitation Mel, I don't think you should be around when the car comes around," Joe said. 
True. I didn't want to know what would happen when they knocked on the door and I opened it to tell them I won't be showing up. They'll probably force me into a dress and the car while holding my family hostage. 
"Mom would be arriving soon, we'll fill her in," I paused, "I think we should spend the night at Liam's place." 
"You think they don't know his place?" Joe asked. 
I thought about it for a moment, if they knew our house, they'll likely know about the hospital, and possibly Liam's place. 
"I think they know about it. But I don't think they'll do anything tonight. By tomorrow, my family will be out of Broston." 
Before he can lay his hands on any of them and use them to control me. 
"Okay. I'll speak to my mom. They already know what Wilmore can do, so it won't be hard convincing them to take an extended vacation out to the north." 
I felt a twinge of hurt. Joe and I had always shared everything about our lives. Growing up together can do that to two friends. But knowing he's kept this huge part from me hurts. Yes, I understood that they were supposed to keep it secret from everyone, but to me, it felt like he thought he couldn't trust me. What did he think I would do? Shout it from the rooftops? I could keep secrets-- most especially when it's the life of my loved ones on the line. 
I nodded but didn't say anything. I couldn't trust myself not to blurt out what I felt about his secrecy. 
"I'll get going then," He stood up and I followed suit escorting him out to the door. When we were outside, he turned to me. 
"When are you going to tell Boss about the invitation?" 
"Tomorrow morning." After making sure my family was out to safety.
"You think that's wise?" 
No, it wasn't. But I'll have to deal. I needed to make sure my family was safe before I started dealing with Damon a.k.a the devil. 
"It doesn't need to be, but that's what I'm going to do," I answered. 
He nodded. Used to my stubborn streak, he didn't bother talking me out of it. 
"I'll see you tomorrow." 
He drew me to him for a hug, and leaned down to my ears, "Stay safe." 
"You too," I murmured. 
Suddenly, I couldn't look at him. It's not like we haven't done this before, but with Trudy's talk of love in my head, the hugging and whispering looked more intimate. 
I just prayed I was reading too much into this. I loved Joe, I didn't want to lose my best friend.
I could see he wanted to say something more, but he gave me a sad smile. "Bye Mel."
I whispered, "Bye Joe" and watched him leave.
***
"I don't like this Mel," my mom said for what looked like the hundredth time. 
"I know Mom," I held her both hands and squeezed, "but this is something I need to do." 
My dad who had been quiet since I started telling the story of Damon Wilmore pulled her to his side and she rested her head on his shoulder. He looked at me and nodded, "When do we get to leave?" 
"Early tomorrow morning, Private jet."
He raised his brows, but it was Liam that asked, "Private jet?" 
"From the syndicate. They want you guys safe too."  
"I'm sorry Dad. I know I'm asking a lot, but I need you guys to be safe. If what they say about this man is true, then he won't hesitate to use you guys to get to me." 
"I know that, baby girl. It's just that--" he released a deep breath, "You're asking us to run to safety so you could put yourself in harm's way. It doesn't sit well with me."
If I were in his shoes, it wouldn't sit well with me too. But I wasn't about to let them stay here any longer than tomorrow morning. They better worry about me in safety than I worry about their safety if they stay. 
"I'll be fine," I assured him, "Joe will be with me, and others in my team." 
Then I went for the kill. I hated to do this to them, but I had to. 
"You guys staying will put me in danger, Dad. Imagine if Damon's thugs get to one of you, they'll be able to control me, and I'll do anything they ask of me." 
I looked at each of them to emphasize my point, "Anything, and I mean anything." 
It seemed to sink into their heads because they were silent for a while. 
I decided to push my luck, "And you won't have any contact with me." 
Mom started protesting but I cut her short. 
"Any call you make to me can be traced, mom. They'll know your location within minutes." 
She wanted to say more.
"Mom please?" I begged, pouring all the desperation I was feeling into the plea, "I know it's hard, but please… for me?" I bit my bottom lip, looking to be on the verge of tears.
She gave me a nod, a very small one but a nod nonetheless. 
"Thank you," I told them, "It won't be for long," I promised, hopefully. 

By 3 am the next morning, my family were all awake and prepared for their trip. I felt this early in the morning was the best period to make a stealthy get away from the city. It was too early for people to be out, too late also for the nightwalkers. 
Dad entered the sitting room fully dressed, “I assume you'd be following us to the airport?”
“Yes,” I admitted. And so would my team and additional agents. I wasn't expecting Damon to know we were leaving, but I liked to be prepared.
“Okay, let's go.” 
We filed into the car. All five of us, not wanting to be separated for the ride to the airport. I wanted to be there to protect them if anything happened. 
Dad pulled out from Liam's street into the highway. To say I was wound up tightly, was an understatement. And I knew I wouldn't be able to relax until they were on the plane far away from here. 
As the car cruised along the highway I found myself peering out of the window, searching for any signs that they may have caught up with our plans. 
“Brian?” I spoke into the microphone piece around my ears, “Anything?”
“Negative,” he replied. 
That should make me feel relaxed but it just served to heighten my nerves. “Relax Mel. For all you know, this ride will just go smoothly and you'll be fussing about nothing.”
“Shit!” Joe swore into the mic causing my heart to leap in panic. 
“Joe, what is it?” 
“In front.” 
I wriggled in my seat and peered through the windshield of our car. We were driving between the two cars, and it was difficult seeing ahead of the one in front, but I could make out a barrier of some kind. 
“What is that?”
Joe swore again, “Spike strips. We are coming down to remove it.” 
True to his word, two agents came down and took guard scanning the area, while Joe ran to remove it. 
He rolled it away from the road, before running back to the car. 
“Done,” he said. 
I settled back on my seat and we resumed our journey. 
Something didn't sit well with me. That was too smooth. Why will someone put spikes on the road, and then leave it unmanned? 
No sooner has the question crossed my mind, I heard another curse from Joe. 
“Another one?”
“Yes.” 
I watched as they came down again. But this time, I had a bad feeling. My gut said we needed to get out of here fast. 
Joe ran to remove the spike once more, and as he stooped to pick it up, a gunshot rang out. I watched in dread as he fell and began shaking. 
“Joe!” I cried out, opening the car door, sprinting to him. I didn't even think to protect myself. 
Two more gunshots rang out and the two other agents dropped down. 
There was more than one shooter. The bullets came from three different locations. 
I sent out my magic, juggling the air around me into motion to act as a shield — though a weak one because it would only be able to decelerate the bullet. I fell on my knees as I got to him, he was shot in his chest, and thankfully it was on the right side. 
“Joe,” I slapped his face, he was already losing consciousness. 
“Joe!” 
His eyes flickered open. 
“Dr...an” 
“What?” 
“Dra...n, They a.are using dran,” he choked out the words, but I could hear them. They were using dran. 
“Mel!” Brian shouted, “Watch out!” 
I swiveled just in time to see a bullet coming my way. I focused my magic on condensing the air in the direction of the bullet, but it was too late. I was no azpis and I was only able to slow it down, so it still bit into my shoulders. I whimpered as I fell to the ground. 
I've never been shot by dran before. It felt like I was being electrocuted, my entire body was trembling like I was having a seizure. Cold as I've never felt began to seep into my bones. I could feel my magic draining like the bullet wound was a hole punctured into a full tank. I was growing weak too fast. 
This wasn't what I heard about dran, it wasn't supposed to kill, just weaken. But it felt like I was dying.
I struggled to sit up to see what was happening. Some group of armed men had already descended on us, engaged in battle with the rest agents. I noticed Brian had already shielded the car where my parents and siblings were. 
Thank the gods. 
The urge to shut my eyes was so great, but I fought it or made an effort to. I had to stay alive, my family couldn't be taken. I attempted standing one more time, but my body wouldn't respond. I laid there with tears streaming down my cheeks cursing my carelessness. 
The last thing I saw was beautiful leather expensive shoes. 
They must be paying these guys well to afford shoes like this. 
That was my last thought before everything went black.

 
CHAPTER SIX
I came to, in pain. Everything ached, it felt like I was driven over by a pack of insane proteus. I struggled to move, but I couldn't. It took great effort to open my eyes, and when I did, I discovered I was strapped to what looked like a hospital bed. 
Where was I? 
I looked around, sure enough, I was in a hospital. White walls, white curtains, and white bedsheets. I was the sole occupant of the room, and there was an IVF attached to my arm. 
What confused me was why I was strapped to the bed. 
Memories of recent events flooded my mind. The attack, Joe getting shot, my parents, my family, where were they? 
Cold fear gripped me from within and I physically felt the pain in my chest. I've failed them. Now they were either held hostage or dead somewhere. I prayed for the former because like I said, I'll do anything to find them and get them safe.  
I struggled with the restraints, I had to find them. It was my fault that they were in this mess. 
The door to the room opened. 
"She's awake," a man I assumed was the doctor-- he was sporting a lab coat-- walked in. 
"Where am I?” I asked him.
He gave me a small smile.
"My family, where are they?"
He moved to the IV stand and checked it, "I'm certain you'll get whatever answers you seek soon." 
"No, tell me, where am I? My family, where are they?" I choked the questions out as much as my parched throat could allow me, struggling with the restraints.
"Stand down, Agent. You won't want me to make you," steel fused into his previously soft voice. He wasn't an ordinary doctor, I think I worked that out. 
"Fuck you! I want to see my family now!" 
He sighed, "I hate to do this, but you leave me with no choice." He took a syringe filled with drugs from the hospital stand and injected it into the bag.
I gritted my teeth, "What did you put there?" 
"Something to make you rest till he comes."
Whatever drug he injected was already affecting me and I was feeling dizzy. 
"Who?" I asked, my voice getting slurry. 
"Wilmore." 
It was the last word I heard before everything went black again. 

I knew I wasn't alone immediately as I woke up. I could hear whispering voices, and the air around let me know that there were people by my bed. I opened my eyes, three men and a woman stood around the hospital bed. I spared the rest a glance, but it was the tallest man in the middle that held my attention. Put him in the mix of a crowd, he'll still be able to hold It. 
I've only seen a few pictures of him on the Internet, but there was no mistaking him.
Damon Wilmore. 
As in his pictures, he was easily a head above the rest in the room, tall and huge. His broad shoulders were covered with an expensive black suit that did nothing to hide the powerful body inside. His face was magazine special, square jaw, high cheekbones, full lips, black hair that fell just below the tip of his ears. He was every woman's fantasy until you looked into his eyes. 
'Devil.' was an appropriate name for him. “Beautiful Devil.”
His eyes were black. Pure black, there wasn't any white in his iris, just black. Peering into it made you want to take a step back. 
I was strapped unmoving to the bed, there was no stepping back, so I settled for glaring at him. 
"You have an agent of the syndicate shackled to your bed. Do you realize what a crime it is?" 
The others around him snickered but he just watched me silently. We engaged each other in a staring contest. The absence of a ring in his iris should indicate that he was an azpis, but I doubted it. Looking into his eyes felt like there was another within him staring back. It was almost painful to look, but I kept my gaze locked on his. 
I'd almost given up when his lips turned up in what I'm sure he'll call a smile but it only made him look scarier, he nodded at the woman with them. She came over and removed the straps on my hands and feet. 
"Forgive my employees, Miss Greg. They were just being cautious." 
His voice, though spoken softly sounded like a growl. Just like it was in the video that went viral.
"Where is my family?" 
"If you may, I'll love you to join me in the office." 
"No, I want to see my family first," I insisted.
The others around us went still like I've committed a grave offense by saying 'No', and they were waiting for the repercussion they knew was coming. I was too angry and scared for my family to care that I had provoked his majesty. 
"We will discuss them in my office, Miss Greg," his voice echoed the finality of the discussion. He turned to leave without waiting for my feedback. 
The others in the room stayed though. They stood patiently waiting for me. I sighed, here we go. I placed my bare feet on the ground. My boots were arranged beside the bed. I took them and put them on. As I stood up, a wave of vertigo washed over me, I had to hold on to the bed for support. When I was confident I could move without feeling like the world was spinning, I followed them as they led me through a series of wide hallways. 
Without seeing the outside of the building, I could easily tell that this was a mansion, not the typical city high-rise building. The hallways were too wide. We got to huge double doors made of ornate wood. The guards stationed there opened the doors and gestured for me to enter before locking it behind me. 
The office according to Damon, was as big as a small apartment, and so neatly organized. I didn't know why I took notice of that, it would have been evident that the office of a person like Damon would have to be elegant, but this wasn't just elegance. It was excessively neat. 
I looked at the man seated behind the desk. He had traded his suit for the white T-shirt he wore inside. 
"Please have a seat, Miss Greg," he gestured to the seats in front of me. 
I took a seat. 
"My family, let them go. I'll do whatever you want me to do." 
A sad truth, but a truth nonetheless. I hated that I could easily give in and do anything to get them back, but I will.
"You've concluded I have your family with me." 
I frowned and glared at him, "If this is a game you're playing, I've already said I'll do whatever you want. You win. Just let them go." 
He sighed, "Your family is not in my possession Miss Greg-- at least not yet." 
I leaned into the massive desk separating us, "What do you mean?"
"Am I to assume you believe we were the ones to attack you?" 
"Who else?" Does he want to deny that too?
"You were attacked by some non-magi fanatics armed with dran." 
Yea, they shot at us with dran but that didn't mean he couldn't be the one.
"Why will they attack me?"
"That's what I'll love to discuss with you."
I paused, "So are you saying they're the ones that took my family?" 
He nodded, his black eyes boring holes in me, "My men are retrieving them for you as we speak." 
I couldn't tell if he was saying the truth or not. His face was wiped clean with zero expression. 
I tilted my head to the side, "If I should believe you, which I don't. Why are you doing this?" 
He leaned back into his chair, "Someone is using my family's crest to murder senators. I wish to unearth this person." 
"But that's my job, Mr. Wilmore," I replied. He didn’t respond, so I continued, "My job is to find this killer, irrespective of who he or she is." I hope he caught the hidden message. If he was the killer, I won't think twice about bringing him in. 
"Good," he smiled, "We're on the same page. I'll love to join forces with the syndicate--"
"No," I cut him short. 
He closed his eyes, and let out a deep breath, clenching his jaw as if begging for restraint. The air around us thickened and a flicker of fear washed over me, but I squashed it. I wasn't about to let him intimidate me. 
"I'll love to join forces with the syndicate to arrest this killer," he recounted. This time I had the self-preservation not to say no. 
Instead, I asked, "Why?" 
"Let's look at it this way. I have the resources to find this killer...”
"And the syndicate has resources to find the killer," I countered.
"Yes, you do. But if we go our separate ways to find this killer, we'll end up against each other," he paused allowing it to sink in. "The killer will take advantage of this and fade into thin air when he's done." 
I snorted, "So you want us to join forces, united we stand and all that?" 
"Yes Miss Greg, that's my proposal." 
"And what if you're the killer?" 
"I'm not." 
I quirked my brows, did he expect me to believe that? "And I should just take your word for it?"
"Do you have any way to ascertain if my words are true?" 
I was silent for a while. I didn't have any, but a plan was already forming in my head. I had to check it out with Boss though. 
"Yes." 
He motioned for me to continue. 
"A letter will arrive from the syndicate. As a sign of trust, honor the invitation." 
He studied me intently, "Like you honored my dinner invitation?" 
I schooled my features making an effort to hide whatever I was feeling. "I already had a prior appointment, so I couldn't make it." 
He kept staring at me before he nodded his head, "Okay, I'll be there." 
That settled, I had to get out of here and get my family out too.
"Do your men have my family now?" I asked. I wasn't fooled, he already had my family before he came to see me at the mock-hospital. 
He pressed a button on the desk, "Bring them in." 
The door swung open and my parents walked in with Trudy and Liam in tow. I stood up from my chair to meet them.
"Mom, Dad." They both hugged me. 
"Are you people okay?" 
My mom was on the verge of tears, my dad looked worried. I looked behind to see Liam and Trudy, relief painted on their faces. I was relieved too. They were all here and safe 
I veered to face Damon, "You're going to let us go right?" 
"Yes, Miss Greg. I'm sorry for whatever inconveniences this might have caused." 
"Inconveniences?" My dad echoed in disbelief. I pinched his arm, turning to Damon again, and smiled. "It was no problem, we'll be on our way now."
"A car would be waiting to carry you back home with escorts should you come to harm again." 
I gritted my teeth but still smiled. "Thanks for your hospitality, Mr. Wilmore." 
He cocked his head to the side confused as to when I became all smiles and giggles. I smiled once more and turned to drag my family out before he changed his mind. 
Once we were outside, I released the breath I'd been holding. Malachi was waiting for us in front of a limo.
"Mr. Strutman," I was the first to greet him this time.
He smiled, "Nice of you to stop by Miss Greg." 
I snorted. If he calls this stopping by, I wonder what he'll call a visit. "Thanks, I was just in the area." 
My dad gave me a weird look, but I ignored him. I was coming to realize that the best way to deal with these people, was to flow with them. 
Malachi with his smile always intact said, "Then you'll allow me to escort you home?" 
I almost scowled at him. He was asking as if I had a choice, "We'll be very grateful." 
"I know you might be worried, but your friend and his team are with the syndicate receiving the care they need" 
Guilt stabbed at me. I haven't exactly remembered that Joe was injured or about the team. I've been so worried about my family. 
"Thanks," I murmured, giving him a genuine smile before getting into the car. 
***
Two hours later, I was pulling into the syndicate building. I had told Damon's men to take us directly to the airport. I couldn't let my family hang around any longer in Broston. I made sure they were on the jet, and I saw the jet lift-off before leaving. 
My next stop was the house, to put together an overnight bag. If I was to go after Damon or whoever the killer was, I needed more protection than my home could give. The syndicate was the one place that could guarantee me that protection. 
I knocked on the door to Boss' office.
"Come in." 
I entered. Boss looked up from the files on the table. 
"How are you feeling Greg?" 
"I'm good, sir." 
He nodded, "I'm glad. Was it Wilmore?" 
I nodded, "Yes, it was Damon." 
He nodded his head like that was what he assumed. "How and why did he let you go then?" 
"He wants to join forces with us to catch the killer." 
His brows were almost touching his hairline. I chuckled, "Yea, he's denying being involved in the killings."
"Then why attack you?" 
"He said he didn't. It was an anti-magi faction that attacked while he came to our rescue." 
He sent me a wary look, "Could have been a setup."
"I know. He asked if there was a way we could verify he was telling the truth"
"And?"
"I told him to accept our invitation when we send it. Then we'll consider."
"You have a plan?" 
"Yes sir, we'll interrogate him." 
Boss seemed to consider it for a while. "It's risky. If he's not the one, we make an opponent out of him." 
"But if he's the one... " I shrugged, "we have our problem solved."
His fingers tapped against the desk while he frowned looking uncertain, "You gave us just one week, Boss." 
He sighed, "The ups didn't exactly give me an option. They demand a killer." 
I shrugged, "So we have to take the chances, we have no option."
After a while, he conceded, "You're right," 
I smirked, "I'm always right Boss. You just love to save face." 
He chuckled, "That I do. I'll send the invitation to him. Tell them to prepare the interrogation room for tomorrow."
"Okay, Sir."
"Joe?" I asked.
"They're recuperating in the infirmary." 
"Okay, I'll go see them." 
The Infirmary was located on the ground floor. I walked in, greeting the nurses that were around. 
"Last room to the right," the receptionist said. I nodded and mouthed a thank you before I steered towards the room. 
Joe and Brian sat up when they saw me. 
"You too?" I asked Brian. He was an azpis for crying out loud, did he get shot too?
"I wasn't shot, beaten." 
I frowned at him, "By who?"
"I think Damon's men?  I attacked them before I realized they were there to help" 
"That's crazy," I spluttered, "who will beat the person they were trying to help?" 
I was furious. I took a good look at him and noticed the bruises on his body. It felt like a statement and not just a mistake. But a statement for who?
"And he says he wants to join forces. Join forces my ass." 
"Who's joining forces?" Joe asked, his voice gruff. 
I ambled towards his bed and sat, "Hey bestie. How are you doing?" I placed my hands on his forehead.
He groaned, "I'm peachy." 
I chuckled at the irritation in his voice. I knew how much he hated hospitals. 
"Don't worry, you'll be out of here soon enough." 
He grunted something inaudible and I laughed, "Don't be a cry baby." 
"How are you even up already? If I remember, we both got shot." He eyed me suspiciously.
I shrugged, "I don't know, Damon's people patched me up. I was good to go by the time I left there." 
"So he just allowed you to leave?" 
"Yea. He says he wants to join heads with us to catch the killer. According to him, he isn't involved in the attacks, and someone was using his family's crest to commit the murders." 
Joe released a dry laugh, "Don't tell me you believe him." 
I rolled my eyes, "I don't"
"Good."
I brushed his gorgeous hair out of his face, "But he'll be coming to the syndicate tomorrow. As a sign of good faith, to iron out matters." 
"Now that's either brave, honest, or stupid."
I shrugged, "He doesn't look stupid to me," doesn't mean he was honest. 
"Whichever one won't matter. We'll lock him in the interrogation room and get the truth out of him." 
"Whoa! Mel," he tried sitting up but he was too weak to.   
I lifted my brows. 
"Isn't that illegal or something? I mean we have no evidence to back our suspicion that will warrant an interrogation." 
"I know, but we don't have time. And I'm betting my money on him."
"You sound very sure." 
I shrugged at Brian’s observation, "I'm not a hundred percent sure, but look at the situation. Killing two senators in the space of three days takes a certain amount of stealth, skill, connection, and wealth that only a few have. And in Broston, the major player is Damon." 
"But why brand his family crest on the bodies? It doesn't look wise to me." 
"It is. You're thinking the way they expect you to think." 
I saw the moment he got the trick. His eyes went wide. I smiled. 
"I see now. They want us to think someone's framing them, meanwhile, they're framing themselves." 
I nodded. "Yes. They're trying to play smart."
"But what if you're wrong?" Joe implored. 
"Then we'll deal with the fallout. We can't miss this opportunity." 
"We might gain another enemy, a very powerful one if you're wrong." 
That was the same thing Boss said. I knew they were right, but we couldn't just pass up this opportunity. 
"Then we'll just pray I'm not."

CHAPTER SEVEN
By the next morning, we had successfully revamped the interrogation room into a makeshift office. 
The interrogation room was set up in such a way that half of the room was a box compartment equipped with an electronic-controlled bullet-proof glass. It had a mechanism similar to that of dran, absorbing the magic of whoever was inside when activated, making them susceptible to the magic of a manipulator.
We planned to usher Damon into the room under the pretense of meeting with Boss, then trap him in the interrogation box. 
We had fifteen minutes to spare before Damon arrived so Boss called a brief meeting in his office. 
"We'll have three manipulators on the ground. I'll head the interrogation. Gary, you'll assist me," Boss was a manipulator, so it was obvious he'll want to lead the interrogation.
Fred nodded, "Yes sir."
"Greg, set other teams around the perimeter of our building to make sure Damon's men don't strike from the outside. But you'll escort him into the room to keep up the pretense." 
I nodded, "No worries, Boss." 
"We've not discussed what happens if this goes wrong," Joe remarked. 
"That's why Gary is going to ask questions outside of this case. Questions that'll be sure to incriminate him. If this goes wrong, then we make sure we prosecute him for something else." 
It was a good plan. I suspected this to be the first time the syndicate had the opening to prosecute Damon. He should pay for the crimes he's committed. 
"Okay let's do this." 
We went back one more time to ensure that everything was in place. 
The wait was jarring and by the time Damon arrived, I was already twisted in a web of nerves. Joe had told me to loosen up so many times, but I just couldn't. 
The guilt I've tried to push deep down since this plan was set into motion was rearing its head now. I knew was betraying someone's trust and it didn't sit well with me. Even when I tried reasoning that this particular someone was a criminal, and he'd have done the same thing if the situation was reversed. But nothing I said could assuage my already guilty conscience.
***
"He's here," Joe muttered. 
My heart whizzed a hundred miles per second. 
"Shit Mel, calm down," he chided.
I whimpered, my hands sweating, my face too, "I'm sorry."
"Any Proteus with him can be able to hear your heart racing." 
I took a deep breath and swallowed, "I know," I closed my eyes and tried to relax. 
"Okay, let's do this," I told him, swabbing my hands on my jeans. 
We walked up to meet Damon.
"You are welcome, Mr. Wilmore." I smiled, bringing my now dry hands out to shake him. He took my hands in his large ones and my skin leaped at the contact. I had to shuffle my feet to hide the shiver that raced down my spine.
"Miss Greg, it's a pleasure. Mr. Rodger," He nodded at Joe. 
"No guards?" I asked when I saw he was alone. 
"Will I need one?" He regarded me silently. I almost shuddered under his scrutiny. I couldn't really blame myself, I wasn't exactly the cunning type, and I haven't had much practice in being one because none of us at home was. Trudy was the worst. She'll have long since exposed us if she were here. 
 "No, you don't," Joe answered when my silence lingered. I didn't trust myself to not blurt out something that'll thwart the plan. 
Damon steered his focus to Joe and pinned it on him, "If you say so." 
Joe met him head-on, "I do. If you'll follow us, we'll lead you to our Boss." 
I sent Joe a grateful look and followed him as he led us to the pretend office.
Joe knocked.
"Come in," Boss’ voice came from inside. 
We entered. 
Boss was seated behind the desk we arranged to play office. In front of the desk was a lone seat, the rest were positioned far off, to the other side of the room. 
We've gone over the plan several times. 
Apart from Boss sitting with Damon, the rest of us will sit on the chairs at the far corner of the room. And the moment Boss stands up from his seat and saunters out of the locked area, Joe will activate the box. 
"Welcome, Mr. Wilmore, please have a seat," Boss pointed to the seat in front of him. 
Damon looked around the room, taking in everything, then something weird happened. He moved over to Boss' desk and began organizing the files on it. In a bid to make the picture look real, we piled a lot of work files on the desk, so those were the files he was stacking neatly. 
I exchanged glances with my team, wondering what he was doing. 
When he was done with the top of the desk, he shifted the table till it concocted with the tiles on the floor, before he sat down.
"Now, we can talk." 
One of the papers from the files drifted to the floor, he stood up to pick it, arranging it again before sitting down. 
"Someone is using my family's crest to commit murders. I'll love to join forces with the syndicate to catch this killer." 
Straight to the point, not like I expected him to beat around the bush. But are we going to ignore the fact that our suspect seemed to have a neatness disorder? 
"How can we trust you aren't manipulating us, Mr. Wilmore?" Boss asked. 
Damon leaned in his chair, "You can't. But I'm here as a sign of trust.” His eyes made contact with mine before returning to Boss, “If I were the killer, why go through the risk, knowing my cover could be blown?" He paused, "Last I heard, the only lead you had, in this case, was my crest. That won't give you a killer, just a suspect. A non-concrete one at that." 
Boss stood up and placed his hands in his pocket. Casually as if he was just moving around, he panned out of the danger zone. 
Instantly, Joe hit the button and red light shimmered in the room indicating that the shield had been activated.
 
We stood up, all of us except Damon. He didn't move as much as an inch, looking calm and composed as if he wasn’t trapped. He'll have discovered what room he was in. 
"The infamous Interrogation room," he stated. 
He whirled, still seated to face us standing outside the box. "Your plan, Miss Greg? It has to be," he stood up, moving closer. "Nathaniel doesn't have it in him, neither does the lion," he gave me his death smile, "I'm impressed." 
"Boss," I called, "can we get on with it?" 
"I wouldn't advise that." 
I turned to face Damon, he looked at me, his black eyes more intense than before.
"Let me out,” he bit out the words slowly, “I don't act with reason in small, locked places. I'm claustrophobic" 
My heart stilled for a second. Not because of his confession, but at the way he confessed. He said it as simple and as emotionless as someone saying, "I'm a boy." 
"You're a psychopath," Joe muttered. 
"No, I understand social interactions and I have a little people skills. 
Joe let out a deep lion-worthy growl.
"I suggest if you want to keep growling, then you shouldn't growl at me again, lion," his voice though growly was calm. I’ve come to discover that his growly voice was the way he talked.
"What will you do… devil? Hmm?" 
Damon sighed, "Always the hard way," he brought something out from his pocket, "In the next ten seconds, the Bowling Park will be blown to bits if you don't deactivate this box."
Brian asked the question that was on all our minds, "Why isn't he getting weak?" 
But Damon had already started his countdown with that weird smile on his face. The button to deactivate the box was just outside the box so I made the decision. I ran to it and pushed it, deactivating the box.
"Greg!" Boss yelled. 
"He'll have done it," I saw it on his face. He'll have blown the park just to prove to us that he wasn't joking. 
"Good call, Miss Greg. Now everybody leaves the room, I want to speak with you alone." 
Everybody assumed their fighting stance. 
He sighed again, amusement written all over his face. "You call me the devil, yet your answer to everything is violence." 
I snorted, "Bombing a park full of kids and innocent people isn’t violent?" 
He grinned, "It's not since you stopped it. Send the rest of your team away." 
"Don't listen to him, Mel. He's not powerful in his own right." 
Joe turned to taunt Damon, "Your thugs aren't here to protect you now are they?" 
"I don't need them. Last chance, Miss Greg." 
Defeated, I turned to my team, "You guys, out. Boss?" I met his eyes, "I can handle this." 
They grumbled, Boss sent a frown my way, but thankfully they left. 
Alone with Damon, I turned to him, "What do you want?" 
Maybe it was the fact that he didn't seem keen on violence at the moment, or he not being powerful in his own right like Joe said, I don't know. But I felt brave.
He was quiet for a spell, then, "I should kill you." 
Whoa! I took an instinctive step back, much to my annoyance.
"But I won't." The look on his face said I should be grateful for his kind gesture.  
"Thank you for your kindness, your majesty. I was a little worried for a minute there," I bowed dramatically, my voice dripping with sarcasm. 
I was being sarcastic and bowing, and in the next second, I was suspended against the wall, Damon's hands on my throat. I didn't even see him move. 
"Lesser people have died for what you just did Miss Greg. You should be grateful, not sarcastic." 
I released my magic and took hold of the air around him, ready to send him flying, but as I released the air, nothing happened. 
He chuckled, "Surprised? You know nothing about me. And you want to come after me?" Disgust colored his tone. 
I struggled with his hands on my neck, but I was as successful as a fly caught in the spider's web. 
He released me and took a step back while I dropped gracelessly to the floor. "I wished to share information with the syndicate voluntarily. But now, you'll have to pay for it." 
I stood up coughing, trying to get past the discomfort of being choked. Even though he just manhandled me, I had the urge to apologize for the betrayal but I pressed my lips together. 
I wasn't apologizing to a criminal. 
"A car will come around by 7, I'll count this as an act of war from the syndicate if you're not in it." 
I puffed, "You think you can take on the syndicate?"
"Yes." Said with the conviction of a victor like there wasn't any doubt about it. 
"Seven, Miss Greg," he looked at me one more time then walked out. 
Joe was beside me in a second, "Mel." 
"I'm okay," My hands were still around my neck. I knew I was going to bruise there. 
"Let me see," he pried my hands from my neck. "Son of a bitch!" He growled, "What did he want?" 
"Greg, Rodger, my office now," Boss ordered from the door. 
We immediately followed him till we got to his real office. Boss and Joe had their seats, but I couldn't sit down, the adrenaline from the little spat with Damon was still coursing through me and I wasn't able to stay still, so I leaned on the wall. 
Boss turned to me, "What did he have to say?" 
I swallowed, wetting my dry throat, "He said he was going to share information with us at a price." Something told me I’ll be the one paying the price.
“And?"
"I'm going out with him this evening or we'll have war." 
"Then go out with him. Do whatever you have to do to please him."
"Sir?" Is he saying what I think he's saying?
He glared at me, "Anything Greg. It was your plan after all. Deal with the fallout."
I was about to protest the order but he held his hand out. 
"I just received a call from the higher-ups. They knew we had Damon, and they're not happy. So I don't want to hear anymore. Go and prepare for your date. Do whatever you girls do to impress guys," he dismissed me.
I clenched my fist, begging for control. Hurt burgeoned in my chest. Boss was one of the few people in the syndicate that didn't give me any grief for being a woman. But he is just implying I should pimp myself out to a criminal. 
The office phone rang,
"Wilson," He said into the phone once he had picked it. My enhanced hearing as a mage made it possible for me to hear the person at the other end of the phone.
"This is inspector Grant. We have another dead senator, I'll send the location." 
Boss ran his hands all over his hair in frustration, "Okay, we'll be right there." 
He cut the call. 
"Another dead senator." 
He looked at me, "That clears Damon from our suspect list. He can't be in two places at a time." 
I’ve figured that already. My cheeks burned as shame and guilt replaced anger. All through my time in the syndicate, I haven't made a mistake like this. I was so sure it was Damon that I had to go out of my way and do things I wasn't comfortable with.  
I hung my head, "Yes sir." 
"No need for the pity party Greg, you're going to go and meet him and get any information he has. Time is running out."
"What about the crime scene?" Shouldn't we be going to check it out? 
"Rodger will take the team and check it out."
The anger that had dissipated before came rushing back in full force. "Sir, I know I made the wrong call, but I should be leading my team on this investigation not--"
"Not what? Pleasing a man?" He taunted. 
"I'm not sleeping with him." I forced the words through my teeth. 
"Who said anything about sleeping? I said do whatever you must to get information. I don't care what you do. After all-- you want justice don't you?" 
I stared at the man before me, this wasn't the Boss I knew. We weren't close or anything but he has always respected me as a person, and the respect was mutual. Now he eyes didn't hold any of the respect or detached professionalism that was always there. Instead, he was leering at me in disgust. 
Resigned, I answered, "I do." 
"Good. Go get us the information that'll help us get that justice." 
I nodded and walked out of the door, on my way out to find Damon. 
"Mel! Mel, wait!" Joe called running after me, "You know he didn't mean any of that, right?" 
I swiveled to face him, "He didn't mean any of what? He didn't mean I should basically sleep with a criminal to save his ass?" I yelled, tears already welling in my eyes. I hated it. 
"He's scared Mel, and he needs someone to take it out on. You're the one that brought up the plan."
"Yea, and I'm the one going to deal with the fallout." I turned to go, but he caught me by the arm. 
"I didn’t mean it like that. See, let me talk to him, he can send someone with you."
I shook my head, "Damon will be inclined to see me if I go alone." 
"He could hurt you," he pressed.
"Not unless I goad him first." 
I freed my arms from his hold, "Look I'll be alright. Just take care of yourself at the crime scene." 
He let out a frustrated breath, "I don't like this Mel" 
"I know me too. But we don't always have the choice to do what we like. See you later Joe" I left him standing there. 
***
I didn't know how to reach out to Damon. The number listed on his address was a landline, not his phone. And apart from Westown listed as his address on the internet, there wasn’t any other address I could go to look for him. So I entered my car and drove to Westown. If he controlled Westown as everyone assumed, then his thugs will come to me just like the last time.
I spent an hour driving around Westown, but I didn’t see any sign of Damon or his thugs. I stopped around a few times making sure I was seen, I even entered Chitos to get my favorite cake-- their red velvet flavor, still nothing. No-one stopped me or even acknowledged my existence in Westown. With its major population, magi, I guess I wouldn’t stand out. Not even when I was an agent of the syndicate.
I was about to forego the plan and wait until 7 pm when the car will come around when I spotted a black tinted car behind. What made me take notice wasn't even the tinted windows or the expensive make. It was the way it ran to catch up to me. It was as if they were chasing me. 
I put my foot on the brake. After all, they were the ones I was looking for. The road we were on was a cliff at the outskirts of the town. I moved to the side of the road to park my car.
The car-- no, another one like it came from the opposite lane heading straight for me. I lost precious seconds caught in the 'what the fuck!' before it collided with my car and pushed it off the cliff. 
My car and I were sent into the air. The cliff was a high one, and the car somersaulted multiple times in the air before it landed on its roof. I blacked out. 

CHAPTER EIGHT
My first thought when I came around was, "Not this again," thinking I was shackled down like the first time at Damon's place to a bed. But I soon discovered that I was upside down, strapped by my seat belt to the car seat. I attempted to move, but I couldn't. I was stuck and everything hurt. Being upside down wasn’t helping matters, with all the blood rushing to my head, I felt like it was going to explode soon.
I laid there, trying to breathe through the pain, but as time progressed, I started getting restless. Panic set in. My heart thrashed against its cage and fear gripped my lungs so tight, I struggled to breathe.
“I couldn't die like this, pushed off the cliff where no one would see me.” With the denial, came resolve and I struggled once more, summoning my magic, but the pain was too intense I couldn't concentrate. All my efforts to move proved as futile as the first. 
Crying out for help would also be fruitless because from what I could see and hear, this was one of the deserted jungles we had in Broston. 
The only hope I had was that people saw what happened and reported it. But then again if it was Damon's men, that too would be ineffective. I could project my thoughts and pray someone powerful enough was close to hear and help. 
It was a very slim chance, but I'd run out of options. So I took it.
"Help, someone please help me," I screamed with my mind, pushing as much magic as I could into my telepathic voice, which was very little magic. 
I heard voices. At first, I thought it was help on the way, but I discarded that thought quickly, it was too soon. 
My bet was on the people that pushed me off the cliff coming to finish the job. With that thought in mind, I struggled with a newfound determination. I wasn't about to die here. 
Muscles tightening in readiness, I ripped the seat belt from the hook and freed myself—partially. The next hurdle was unlocking the door and that proved to be a problem. The collision destroyed the lock mechanism and pushed the metal inside. Short of using magic, it was impossible to open.
And when I reached within myself again to access my magic—I still got nothing. 
A mage’s magic was connected to his/her life force. And when that life is threatened almost to the point of death, the magic that was supposed to be manifested out is forced to protect the mage's life from slipping away. I'll have died from the crash, or even from the multiple wounds I knew I was sporting, but apparently, I was being saved by my magic and so couldn't manifest it.
The voices got closer. My sense of hearing was still sharp, and they weren’t exactly aiming for stealth. They made noises, conversing with one another and even if I couldn’t make out what they were saying, it was obvious they were searching for me.
I needed to get out of here, and I needed to do it quickly. 
Heart pounding vigorously in my ears, I searched blindly around, desperately seeking an exit out of the car. A car that was now a death trap. I tried the passenger door, pushing it with my hands-- because my legs were still stuck-- luckily it gave way. Amen! I quickly crawled out. 
Tears stung my eyes, I had to bite my lips not to cry out and alert them. But the pain was almost unbearable moving in the tight confines of the car and when I was finally out, I had to rest back on the car to catch my breath. 
I took an inventory of my injuries, the visible ones. My left leg was broken, twisted in the crash. I found pieces of broken glasses embedded in my hands and legs, and I'm guessing my face too because it also hurt. My leg hurt, my face hurt, breathing hurt, my head hurt, in fact, everything hurt. But I still managed to drag myself away, putting as much distance between myself and the car. 
They haven’t found the car yet, but it was just a matter of time and I didn't want to be around when they did else, it will be my doom. So I kept moving, crawling on my elbows while using my good leg to drag myself deep into the forest. 
I wasn’t making it far, my movements were sluggish and I was losing lots of blood, crawling too wasn't exactly a fun job. 
A little deeper into the forest, a growl stopped me in my tracks-- not a hard job since by now I was barely moving. Head aching as fast as my heart was beating, I looked up to meet the not so friendly face of a huge panther. 
My face turned pale, fear punched through me. I knew that growl came from a wild animal but confirming it with my eyes made me break into cold sweats. What were the odds? My chances of surviving just went from slim to none. 
I held my breath as the big cat stalked closer, circling me like the predator it was, taunting me-- the prey before it went for the kill. It growled again, this time a little louder, causing my heart to respond in the same rhythm. I didn’t know much about panthers, only that they could kill you with a single bite. 
So I just had to prevent it from taking a bite at me. 
Easy peasy. 
I was on the ground, weak, bleeding, and defenseless. I wouldn’t be able to swart a fly off my face.
I watched warily as it eyeballed my neck before it lunged. This time, I couldn't hold it back. I screamed, bringing my hands out in a pitiful attempt to defend myself. It knocked them out with its giant paws and fell on my neck.
I was about to die. I didn't even wait to see the bright light to confirm it. I kept screaming and struggling. But instead of feeling the pain that came with a bite, all I felt was a tingling sensation like I was being tickled by hairs-- in this case, whiskers. The panther nuzzled my neck and began sniffing. 
What the hell?
I fisted my hands and pushed it, the force swinging his head to the side. It looked at me and growled before scurrying away. 
Okay, I needed to leave this place soon. 
But how? My phone was still in the car, there was no way of reaching out. 
If I could evade my pursuers just a little longer, I'll be able to rest and be strong enough to fly out of here. 
Magic made us heal faster, but unfortunately not all kinds of wounds. I looked at my left leg that was twisted. It needed a reset before magic could heal it.
Out of options, I resumed my crawl deeper into the forest. But a few minutes later, I heard a branch snap, alerting me of the fact I wasn't alone. I stopped to look up and wished I didn't. 
I found myself surrounded by panthers as big as the first one, some even bigger. 
Did the first one leave me alone just to go call his brethren? 
Hey brothers, I’ve seen a defenseless meal, let’s go check it out.
But instead of attacking, they stood silently watching me. 
The urge to beg for my life was great. It didn't make sense, but I wasn’t ready to die yet, not especially by the claws of animals. 
After an eternity of playing silent watch, they weren’t still moving so I decided to try my luck and move. 
My muscles tightened in preparation, the closest animal to me snapped its big canine teeth at me, growling deep.
"I wouldn't do that if I were you. They are known for being hot-headed."
A man walked into the circle. A proteus? He was tall, a lot muscular just like the protean folks and so gloriously shirtless. 
I didn’t even bother chastising myself for ogling him. If I was about to die, I may as well do it with a glorious view. Trudy will assure me that it’s a very normal, and very sensible reaction to a fine specimen.
"Kane Maxwell," he said in a deep sexy voice as he crouched beside me, "You look like you need help. Come on." He picked me up. 
I didn't bother to question who he was. If he wanted to help me, I wasn't going to complain. I noticed the panthers followed us as we descended deeper into the forest.
"Sorry Miss, I have to knock you out." 
I heard him say before I felt a prick on my neck. 
***
I woke up disoriented, confused, and-- more alive.
Where was I? 
I have been falling unconscious too much lately and waking up in unknown places. Something I was coming to realize I didn’t like-- one bit.
I looked around. 
First, I noticed I was laying on something soft, a mattress. The room was more like a hut-- because it was made up of wood and leaves were sticking out from its roof. 
Everything looked so backward like I've been hauled into the medieval period where technology was as strange as witchcraft. The room was dimly lit by the fire crackling in the fireplace. I could make out a stool by my side where someone must have sat and watched over me. A table was at the far end of the room filled with what I assumed were potions for treatment. I tested my left leg, no pain. It was good as new. I felt no pain. I was very much refreshed. 
How long have I been out? 
I stood up and came out of the hut house. 
The sight that greeted me made me gasp. 
I was still in the forest, the hut house kind of gave that out. But what made my eyes bulge out of their socket was the village around. Yes, there was a whole different settlement down here. Not as uninhabited as I thought. 
The panthers from before were still roaming around, in fact, there were more of them. Adults and children were also outside, all doing various activities. And it all came to a halt when they spotted me. All pairs of eyes glowing yellow turned to me. 
I sucked in a breath, doing a double-take. There were more than a hundred in here and all magi, all proteus.
A small girl came running towards me, "Hey." 
"Hey," I murmured. 
She beamed, "My name is Bella." 
I squatted to be level with her, "Bella it's nice to meet you. I'm Melissa." 
“You were injured,” she whispered, her eyes wide with glee as if she was sharing a secret.
“I know,” I responded.
“And my mummy had to heal you.”
My brows raised at the statement, "Who are you people?"
"Bella!" a voice barked. I looked up to see a large man walking towards us, looking furious. 
I stood up and moved back. He scowled at me before snatching the girl and going back. 
Was anyone going to tell me where I was?
I looked around, searching for the guy that brought me here. I couldn't remember the name he told me, but I'm sure I could remember his face. 
Just then, two big black SUVs sped into the clearing, separating me from the protean community. 
The door opened and Damon came out, looking as imposing and striking as I last saw him. Malachi and other men I didn't know also came down. It was an entourage.
"Miss Greg, nice to see you again," Malachi bowed low to me. I didn't have it in me to deal with his weirdness today. I ignored him and turned to Damon.
"Where am I?"
"Wilmore Pride," he growled. Well not growled, but that was just the way his voice was.
"You're a proteus?" I knew he wasn't an azpis. 
He shook his head, "No," then closed the distance between us while I took a step back. I was surrounded by too many predators at the moment that I wasn't even angry that I was backing away, despite the fact I was a predator in my way. 
"Are you okay?" He asked, concern evident on his face. He took a hold of my face in his large palms. 
"Get your hands off me," I sputtered, flinching, confused and furious at the same time. Confused over his concern, furious that he thought he could manhandle me. He ignored my outburst and placed his other hands on my forehead. 
"What are you doing?" I struggled in his hold. 
"Be calm, Tiger," he said in a soothing voice that actually made me calm. His hand on my forehead grew hot making every cell in my body come alive. By the time he removed it, I felt like I was floating in too much power. 
"What did you do?" I asked in alarm.
"I gave you magic to help speed up your recovery," he watched me intently. 
"You can do that?" 
"I can do many things. Come on.” 
He took me by the arms and pulled me towards the car, “We have much to discuss." 
I dug my foot in the ground, "Where are we going? Who are these people? Is this why you said you could win against the syndicate? You have an army at your disposal?" I threw the questions at him in quick succession. 
A blonde guy among his entourage chuckled and I glared at him. What was it about blond guys and lack of brain? Joe didn’t count, he had white hair. And this guy was even the shortest among his group. 
"Looks like your brain and height agree about the same thing if you find this funny." 
He snarled at the insult and I snarled back baring my teeth like an animal. They weren't the only ones that could snarl. 
"Answer my questions or I'm not leaving with you," I told Damon. 
He paused and tilted his head to the side, "You want to stay here?" 
"Of course not. I can teleport out of here."  
He didn’t know the truth, so he couldn’t call my bluff. It's been so long since I've tried teleporting and not even across a long distance.
He sighed, "We're going back to the town, so we can talk. Isn't that why you came and called my home? To talk to me?" 
"Yes, but that was before your men attacked me and pushed me off the cliff," I accused.
"They were not my men." 
"Really? So you aren't in control of Westown as you claim to be? Anyone can conveniently walk in and attack your guest." 
His eyes flashed yellow for a second before it returned to black. If I wasn't glaring at him I won't have seen it. 
"Don't try my patience, Miss Greg." 
"Your eyes" I stepped back, Yea, I've become a master at stepping back, "What are you?"
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath before turning to his men, "Malachi, bring her back to the mansion." He walked away. 
"Very well Sir," Malachi answered, bowing low again. 
"And--" Damon turned back. "I want her unharmed. No scratch on her." 
"Yes Sir." 
Malachi turned to me with his usual smile. Not as dangerous and unwelcoming as Damon's own, but creepy in its own right. 
"Miss Greg please," he gestured to the car. 
I folded my hands and grinned. "And if I say no?" Childish, I know. 
The blond shorty bared his teeth. 
I rolled my eyes, "Stand down, dog. No scratch remember? So keep your claws and teeth to yourself.”
"Who says I need claws and teeth to deal with you?" 
He smirked when I didn't answer. "That's right, pack your little ass into the car before I do it for you."
This was the kind of guy I trained with at the syndicate. A sexist pig with an overinflated ego that needed to be taken down a notch or plenty by the girls they looked down on. 
Anger churned inside me. I summoned my magic and sent him into the air, smashing him into a huge tree. I didn't let him recover before picking him up again. I shaped the air into a fist and punched him into another tree. 
There was a reason elementals were regarded as the strongest caste. We could combat without having to touch our opponent, and still do a lot of damage. I sent another punch, but he got around it and came after me, his body ripping, changing into a lion. He cleared the space between us in seconds and was about to knock me down when another hand appeared and punched him in the head. 
He fell to the ground dazed from the impact, stood and growled at the intruder, a big brute of a man. 
"No scratch," the man growled. They all loved growling. 
A woman from the back of the entourage came forward. 
"Miss Greg, please get into the car," her voice was sweet and soft, same with her smile, "That's the last of my politeness." 
I scowled at her, "Who the fuck are you?" She was just a few inches taller than I was, but the heels she wore added more inches. She had no ring in her eyes, so I assumed she was an azpis.
"Wouldn't you want to know?" She smirked. 
I rolled my eyes. "Tell Damon I'll meet him by 7 pm as agreed." I wasn't in the mood to meet him again. I needed a good bath and rest. 
"No can do," she said. 
"Let me see you stop me then." 
I pulled my magic, prepared to launch into the air, but it all drained away. 
I swiveled my shocked face to meet her gloating one. 
"Now that we've established I can and I will. Get the fuck in," she smiled.
"Sylph" I murmured.
 
CHAPTER NINE
Sylphs were the rarest caste of magi. Most people believed they were extinct but it wasn't true. 
During my stay at the syndicate, I've come across two. One was one a leader of the syndicate-- A woman. The second one was a trainee like me but they transferred him out because Broston didn't have a Sylph trainer.
Sylphs didn't have the magic they called their own, instead, they drained the magic from others. And though the magic they drained is practically ineffective in their hands, they were still feared because they could drain a person to death-- since our magic is tied to our life force. 
I was surprised Damon had one in his pocket. 
I shot daggers at her, "Drain me again and I'll punch you in the eye."
The only way to defeat a sylph was the normal way; fists, guns, sticks, anything other than magic. 
But the most times you encounter them in a fight, they're usually guarded like fort Knox.
She grinned, "That's if I don't drain you first till you can no longer stand." 
Well, she had a point and I wasn't a sore loser-- sometimes. I knew when I'd been beaten. 
"Fine, I'm getting in." 
Malachi chuckled, "If I knew girls talk will solve our problem, maybe we would have started with that, Mira."  
Mira joined us inside the car, sitting next to me, and winked, "Where's the fun in that, brother?" 
Siblings? I looked between them, there were no similarities. Then again, there were hardly any similarities between magi children, most especially when they had different magic.
I rested on the seat as they drove me to God knows where. 
***
"Nice office," I said.
Damon moved over to the cushion chairs positioned at the edge of the office and sat down.
"Thanks. Have a seat, Miss Greg." 
I sat down opposite him.  
He studied me with his piercing black eyes until I had the urge to squirm in my seat.
"Hope you had a lovely rest?" 
"Yes, I did." Sleeping in the best bed I've laid on? No complaints from me. After following Damon's men back to the mansion, they set me up in a room that had more space than it knew what to do with, told me I should have a bath and rest after which I could see Damon. I didn't complain, because, for one, I needed those two things-- bath and sleep, and the sylph bitch asked politely-- if you know what I mean. 
"Good," He stretched his legs and crossed them together. 
"I'm sorry for what happened to you Miss Greg-- even more so, that it happened in my territory."
I watched him for any sign of deception, but he looked sincere so I accepted it "Thank you." 
He nodded, "I know you have questions, but I also have to apologize for my little loss of control back at the syndicate which made me attack you."
He looked sincere also. 
I cocked my head to the side, "Why do I feel like this is one of the rare moments?"
Wrinkles appeared on his face as he frowned in confusion, "Please explain." 
"I mean like those rare moments you do something you don't always do?" 
He considered me for a moment, "Yes, you are right. I don't usually apologize." 
I chuckled, "Arrogant much?" 
"No. I don't usually do things without prior meditation. And if there's prior meditation, then I don't need to apologize for what I wanted to do." 
"So you didn't think about choking me to death?" 
He turned his face away, "No, I admit I lost control," he looked at me, "I don't lose control." 
The way he said it was like losing control for him was a very grave offense. Not wanting to delve further, I decided to change the subject. 
"Who were the men that attacked me?" 
"What would you like to drink?" He stood up and went over to the fridge. 
"I have fruit juice, wine, or if you prefer, soda." 
"Beer?" 
"Unfortunately, No. But that can be arranged." Not a beer man then. 
"Don't worry, I'll have soda." 
"Good." 
He came back to the table with a soda drink and what looked like children's juice. 
"What's that?" 
"Fruit juice." He brought out a straw and punched a hole into it the juice to start sipping. 
"What?" He asked when he looked up and saw me staring.
I shook my head, "Nothing, it's just odd seeing a man like you taking something like that." 
Comical even. A big man like Damon with big hands that could easily wrap around my neck was sipping from a juice box with a straw. 
"I must tell you, it's very nutritional." 
I snorted, "It's for children," 
"There is no age limit on the product," he finished taking that one and stood up to put it in the waste bin before taking extras from the fridge. 
"You were coming to me for something Miss Greg, what was it?" 
"Call me Melissa or Mel, I've seen you drinking fruit juice out of a juice box, I think we've passed the stage of formalities." 
He didn’t smile as I expected him to, but he acceded, "Very well, Melissa."
I loved the way my name rolled out of his mouth, his growly voice made it all the more potent.
"I can call you Damon right?" 
He nodded, "Feel free." 
We were both silent for a while, as he waited for me to speak up. 
"Another senator is dead," I watched him for any sign of surprise, there was nothing. 
"You already know about it," I confirmed.
"I have my ways." 
"You said you have information on who might be the killer." 
"I did." 
He wasn't going to make it easier for me. 
"And you said there'll be a price." 
"Do you want information, Melissa?" 
I shifted in my seat, nervous about what his price might be. I was serious when I said I wasn't sleeping with him to get information. That was crossing a line for me, a big fat line. 
"Yes. What will it cost me?" 
He smiled, "Nothing much. Each Information will cost you a date." 
I frowned, "A date?" 
"Yes, A date with me." 
"I'm not having sex with you," I blurted out enraged that it finally came to that. 
"I'm not saying you should have sex with me. I said a date with me. That's different from sex is it not?”
I stared at him, waiting for the punchline. When he didn't answer, I asked, "So all I need to do is go out on a date with you?" 
"Yes." 
"And you'll give me the information?" 
"That's correct." 
"Why? I mean, why do you want to go out with me?" 
"My reasons are irrelevant at the moment. Those are my terms." 
"Is this because I stood you up on that date?" His pride couldn't be that wounded. I'm sure he had someone else keep him company. Instead of answering, he took a sip from his fruit juice and sat back waiting for me. 
I let out a deep breath, "How many times do we need to go out on this date?" 
"Depends on the information you want." 
I thought about his offer for a while. This exactly wasn't toeing the line of good in my books. 
"You're supposed to co-operate with us as a citizen of Broston to catch the killer. Not resorting to blackmail." 
His growled, honest to God growl, I watched his eyes twirl yellow for a second before it returned to their original black color. 
"Let's not forget the stunt you pulled this morning when I came in good faith," he glared hard at me, "I may not have killed you, doesn't mean I forgot." 
He stood up and buttoned his suit jacket, "You've heard my offer. When you're ready, you let me know. I heard you have three days more," he moved towards the door. 
"What are you?" 
I remember asking the same question back in the forest when his eyes flashed yellow. 
He stopped at the door, his hands on the knob. "You want to know?" 
"Yes" I stood up too, "I want to know, you're not an azpis, I'm sure of it." 
He smiled, his usual 'you're not welcomed smile', "That information will cost you." 
He opened the door and walked out leaving me alone in his office. 
I sat down back on the chair. What was I going to do? True, I had three days left before-- I didn't even know what would happen. War? Maybe. But with the continual killings of the senators, things will surely escalate. 
It was just a date. Date or dates with Damon Wilmore. I should agree but my gut was telling me it would be more than that. There was something he wasn't saying. 
I needed to call Joe. 
I strolled out of the office and walked down the hallway. I made it to an elevator I knew would lead me to the outside. 
The compound just like the mansion was very big. Something I suspected was as a result of Damon's taste and not just him being extravagant. I hiked a small distance from the house till I was certain no one would be able to eavesdrop on my conversation. I put my hands into the pocket of my jeans but I came out empty, only to remember that I lost my phone in the car crash. 
Fuck! 
I walked back to the mansion. I didn't know where Damon was and I didn't relish walking around looking for him, the mansion was too big for that. So I looked around for any security guard, they'll be the fastest means to get to him. 
Back outside I met a group of them, protean thugs like the ones I met on my first encounter with Malachi. 
I walked up to them, "Hey, can you contact Damon for me? Or you can just point me to his location." 
They regarded me openly before one of them pointed to the mansion. 
"He's in there, and it should be Mr. Wilmore to you," he growled the last part. 
I rolled my eyes, "Obviously I know he's inside. But I need to know exactly where he is." 
"Let me give you some advice, little girl," one snarled.  He was a mature man with too many facial hairs that you could hardly discern his features behind it.
"Run along, you're playing with fire. I know you think you can come here and piss around the floor without any consequences cause you're an agent," his eyes glowed yellow, "I saw what you people did to him. It was a surprise he didn't kill you." 
I huffed, "And you're just a glorified thug, so shut up." 
He stood up so fast and was in my face before I could even move. He growled. 
"Better be careful, little girl, I'll be doing the Alpha a favor by getting rid of syndicate scum." 
"I know how to growl too, old man," I growled, though it sounded like my belly rumbling, it still worked to provoke him. The only reason I was able to see his next move was because I was expecting it. His hands came out freaking fast to grab my throat, but I blasted him into the air before he could touch me. 
I half expected the others to close in on me, instead, they cleared the area for us to fight. Just what I needed. 
He stood up and came at me again, his form blurring as he ran, I closed my eyes and used my ears to communicate with the air. His movements were broadcasted back to me. I opened my eyes to see him pop out on my right, and I was prepared. I blasted him in the air again, but this time, I kept him suspended inside a small tornado while I made a fist with the air and began punching him. 
"Hey sister," the magic immediately drained from me, the man fell to the ground already bleeding from his nose and mouth. I didn't give a fuck about him, he got what he deserved. Just like all the other bullies that have been unfortunate to cross my path. 
I turned to glare at Malachi's sister, "I'm not your sister." She had changed from the suit she was wearing and opted for a casual look; jeans and a polo shirt, like me. Her hair unlike Malachi was pure black like Damon's.  It framed her beautiful face and fell around her shoulders. She was about my height, a few inches taller but we could easily pass for sisters. 
She shrugged, "That's what Malachi said. Since we'll be very close from now on, we might as well be sisters." 
"Damon can't control his thugs?" The people in question stood by the side glaring at me. 
"Well, you did try to arrest him when he came in good faith. I guess we're now even." That last part was said to the thugs. They nodded and left. 
She turned back to me and smiled, "So what do you want to do?" 
"Your phone?" 
She raised her brows, "What happened to yours? 
"Lost in the crash." 
"We'll have to get you a new one then," she handed her phone to me.
"Thanks, but I can get a phone for myself." 
"It's the least we can do since we failed to protect you in our town." 
I paused and looked at her, "So you guys truly believe you own this town?" 
She chuckled, "What's there not to believe. We aren't greedy, if not, Broston would be ours." 
"You're a Sylph, why aren't you working for the syndicate or government?" 
She looked confused, "Why will I want to work for them?" 
I rested my hands on my hips, "Because you'll be more valued there?" 
"And I'm not here? Make no mistake, I'm treated like a princess here. Both by birth and magic," she smirked, "I don't want anything." 
"But you're here on bodyguard duty," I pointed out. 
She smiled, "You're observant I'll give you that. But that's because Damon bribed me."
"You're calling him Damon?"
"You don't know?" 
"Know?"
She sighed, "I'm his cousin. The closest he has to a sister."
It now made sense. Her attitude never screamed servant. 
But another thing clicked in my brain, "If you're a Sylph and Malachi is a manipulator, that would make Damon a Sylph or a manipulator." 
Her face went blank at my observation, I was right. 
"Now you're being too observant-- and you're forgetting his father. Make your call, I'll be waiting for you." She walked away to give me privacy, but I think it had to do with my observation. Why were they hiding his caste? And how has nobody figured out he was lying? 
I could bet my money on his father not being an Azpis. He had to be a proteus-- because that was the most popular caste around him. And the weird changing of his eyes from black to yellow indicated a human-animal interaction. 
Instead of producing different theories, I decided to make the call. There was no way I was figuring out the mystery that was Damon Wilmore. I dialed Joe's number and he answered on the first ring, 
"Joey Rodger."
"Hey, Joe." 
"Mel?" 
"Yea it's me." 
"Oh my God Mel, Do you know how long I've been trying to reach you?" He yelled into the speakers, I had to remove the phone from my ears. 
"Where have you been?" His voice boomed through the phone. 
I winced, "Hey Joe will you tone it down a little, I'm fine." 
"Sorry," in a softer tone he said, "I was worried." 
"I know, it wasn't my fault though. Some people wanted me dead. I was pushed off a cliff. Long story short, Damon saved me." 
"You were pushed off the cliff? Where?" his voice rose again. 
"At the outskirts of Westown. My car was trashed, my phone was in it."
"And Damon saved you?"
I heard the skepticism in his tone like he believed it was another setup. But I didn't think so. That was going too far for someone that wanted to play the hero. I could have easily died.
"Yes." 
He was silent for a moment. 
"I believe him, Joe. I don't think he wants me dead. He was pretty angry at the situation." 
"I don't like this Mel," he echoed his statement at the syndicate. 
"How was the crime scene? Anything that can help us?"
"No. He died from multiple wounds. The symbol was there, the number three on his forehead, no magical signature, just like Freeman's death," frustration meshed in his tone.
"Maybe we should consider the fact that this is the work of a non-mage?" 
He was quiet for a moment, "I don't know Mel. But something is raising a red flag."
"What?"
"At the time of the murders, the guards are always missing. Nobody sees anything until after the deed is done. Then they all come back saying they don't know what happened."
"Like they were influenced?"
"Yes." 
I considered this, Malachi was a manipulator-- a powerful one, able to mesmerize an army of guards into leaving their station. 
"Damon's cousin is a manipulator," I told him. 
"I thought you believed him." 
"I did, but I didn't know about this. Maybe I should accept Damon's offer, and let them think I believe them while secretly investigating them." 
"What was his offer?" 
"To go out on a date with him." 
"I don't understand." 
"He wants me to go out on dates with him for the information." 
"Just dates?" 
"Yes. It's weird, I know." I let out a humorless laugh. 
"It's not. You must have made an impression on him." 
"Joe, we've met only twice and we weren't exactly smiling and making eye contact with each other." 
"Doesn't matter, you know how to make an impression on someone." 
I shrugged even if he couldn’t see me, "But I'm not sure how that translates into a date."
I saw Mira walking back to me. 
"I've got to go Joe. I'll call you when I can." 
"Take care of yourself, Mel." 
"I will and you too." I ended the call. 
"Your boyfriend?" She asked. 
"No, a friend." 
"Good. Damon doesn't like sharing. He's as alpha as they come." 
"Wait." Did she think I was going to date, Damon? "I'm not dating Damon. We'll just be going out on dates. And I haven't even agreed to it." 
Something across the lines of pity flashed in her eyes. "Is that what he told you?" 
"Yes." I watched her carefully, "Are you saying he's lying?" 
"No, no I'm not saying that," she gushed, "It's just that--” she laughed nervously, “Your idea of dates and his own may be a little different." 
"What does that mean?" 
"Don't worry, you'll see,” she waved it off, “Come on let's go prepare you for your first date." 
She took my hands and tugged me towards the house. 
"I'm not sleeping with him," I protested.
"Hope you told him that?" 
"Yes."
"Then it's settled. You don't have to worry about that. He'll keep his word." 

 
CHAPTER TEN
I stood in front of the wall-length mirror and I had to admit, I looked good. It's not often I get to tidy up this nice. My line of work didn't exactly involve dressing up for a date with a billionaire criminal. The people I dealt with were usually people trying to get rich through crimes, not a celebrity who was already rich. 
"You look stunning." 
I turned to Mira and smiled at her. Over the last hour, while I was being pampered by the group of women she brought, we kind of bonded. It was hard to reconcile the woman in the forest that threatened to drain me with the one fussing over designer gowns, nail colors, and eligible bachelors. She reminded me so much of Trudy, and they'll flow very well except I knew Mira had lost the edge of innocence my sister still had. I won't be surprised if she's killed somebody. 
Squealing, she circled me, checking me out. "Damon will so be tripping over his shoes." 
"And this ass," she let out a whistle, "You have it all don't you? Beauty and brawn," she scrunched her nose, "I can't say much for the brains aspect." 
I scowled at her, "I have brains." 
"No, you don't," she stated seriously, "not if you're still planning on going after Damon." 
"I'm--"
"You don't need to deny it. I heard you saying it over the phone." 
She took a deep breath and let it out, coming to stand in front of me. 
"Sister to sister, let me give you a piece of advice. I can't give you much unless Damon clears it, but there are things you don't know, things you can't even fathom. The Syndicate is a child's play compared to it." 
She shook her head, "Damon has no need to lie. If you don't believe me, check out with your supervisor or whoever your superior is. If Damon kills someone, he doesn't hide it. They do." 
I gawked at her speechless.
"Shocked? They hide it, not him. Because they know they can't take him. Don't make him your enemy, you will lose everything." 
Her words echoed in my head even after she left. You will lose everything. My family, my loved ones, friends, everything. I pushed the thought to the back of my mind. I didn't know what to believe. All the evidence was pointing to him, and the only thing in his defense was his word, and now that of his fan cousin. 
I had to stick to the plan, see what information he had but still keep my eyes open to the fact that he could be the killer. 
***
The restaurant where Damon took us to was located outside Westown. I was surprised he didn't want to stay in his town where he was adequately protected. The restaurant was in Blueway. Another surprise because Blueway was home to the non-magi. Not that they were exactly hostile to magi, but it was like an unspoken rule. 
Blueway was to the non-magi, Westown for magi. Conwall, where my family stayed, and the other smaller towns were mixed, while the main Broston city was commercial. Only a few residents-- most especially the senators and other high government officials. 
We were greeted by a mature man, late forties - early fifties, wearing a suit. He carried himself with the elegance that seemed to come with money. But it was all stripped away when he saw Damon.  
"It's a pleasure to have you here, Mr. Wilmore," he bowed low, almost wanting to lick his shoes. 
Damon gave him an absent nod and curved a hand around my waist. Heat seeped into my body through the contact. His arms were so hot, hotter than the normal body temperature. I had to cast a look at him to make sure he was okay. 
He turned to the man, "Shall we?" 
"Eh... Yes ….Yes. Follow me," the man answered, losing his already lost composure. He led us into an elevator, up to the roof of the building where a table for two was set. 
"I didn't take you for a romantic man," I wiggled my brows at Damon. 
"There are many things you don't take me for." 
His growly voice chased goosebumps down my spine. "True." 
He pulled out a chair and sat me down before going over to the other side. 
The suit man still stood awkwardly by our side. 
Damon addressed him, "She'll take it over from here," he nodded at a woman that followed us, "Just show her the kitchen." 
And here I thought she was part of the security detail, she was a cook.
The suit man nodded almost bowing over before signaling to the woman to follow him. 
I squished my brows, "Why come to a restaurant and bring a cook?" 
"She's not a cook, she's my taster." 
I stared at him in shock, "You have a taster?" The question came out like a squeal.
"I have a lot of enemies." 
Like that's a valid reason. 
"So if the food is poisoned, she dies instead of you?" 
He nodded. 
"That's-- barbaric" I stuttered. What century do these guys think we're living in? 
"That's why she's paid a hefty sum of money." 
My mouth hung open, "Are you for real? That's not the point. The fact that you are okay with allowing someone else to die in your place speaks volumes about the person you are."
He raised his brows, "Pray tell, Miss Greg, what kind of person do you think I am?" 
I knew I should have stopped talking then, but I was already too far gone, angry that he had no value for life. No, he had value for his life. But the same couldn’t be said about other people’s life. 
"I think you're an egotistical psychopath who doesn't value human life and thinks he can do whatever he wants."
He was quiet. I got anxious, worried I’ve taken it too far. But instead of flaring up in anger, what he said next surprised me.
"My grandfather was killed by poison, my father by a bomb planted in his car. My great grandfather by his wife. Should I go on?" 
Thankfully, we were interrupted by a waiter walking in with the woman taster. I watched her give Damon a small nod before disappearing back outside. 
The waiter placed the tray of covered dishes on the table and a bottle of wine. He was about to open the wine, but a guard intercepted him. The guard opened the wine himself and poured it into a glass. I watched bewildered as he drank the contents, and gave a nod to Damon before pouring us each a glass. 
"I'm sorry for your loss," I told Damon when we were alone once again. 
"I'm not. They were vicious bastards but they didn't deserve such cowardly death." 
He took a sip from his drink. 
"I'm not a psychopath, Miss Greg." 
I hummed an agreement, still not convinced, but not wanting to rile him up. 
He nodded, "Hope you like seafood?" he opened the dish. "Shrimps." 
I nodded, "Once in a while I indulge myself." 
He smiled, a genuine smile not his 'be careful smile', "Good. Let's dig in."
We ate in silence until Damon broke it, "Why did you join the Syndicate?"
It took me a moment to answer, not because I didn't know the answer, but because I didn't expect him to ask that question. 
"To mete out justice." 
"That's a loaded answer. Something drives you."
Why the sudden interest in my life? Shouldn't we be talking about the case? 
"Humor me," he said when he saw my hesitation.
"Yes, something drives me. No, I'm not telling you." 
He paused, his fork piercing the shrimp on his plate. "Why?" 
"I hardly know you, you don't expect me to spill out my secrets, do you?" 
He looked at me, tilting his head to the side and pursing his lips, "Isn't that what we are doing? Getting to know each other?"
"Is it?" I asked. He was very hard to read, so I couldn't gauge what he was feeling.
"Yes. I want to know you, that's why I said we should date." 
What Mira said about my version of dates and his being different came to mind. 
"No, you said we'll go out on dates." 
"And that's different how?" 
"Dating means we'll be lovers, I'll introduce you as my boyfriend and you'll introduce me as your girlfriend. It's different from just going out on dates." 
He regarded me silently, "Okay, but I still want to know you." 
"You are supposed to share information on the killer," I countered trying to calm the butterflies in my stomach at his words. 
"And I will, but not here." 
I didn't push it, I understood if we needed a more private place to talk about it but that left us with few things to talk about without me sharing my personal life. That reminded me. 
"What caste are you from?" 
He smirked and sat back, done with eating, "I told you the information will cost you." 
I scrunched my nose at him, "A date?" 
He shook his head, "More than that."
"Two?" I was appalled he thought his caste was worth that. 
The identity of someone's caste wasn't usually a secret, especially for those castes that could be identified by the ring around their irises. The lack of ring in Damon's eyes should indicate that he was an Azpis or-- sylph? 
"A date and an answer," he said. 
"What answer?" 
"There's a back story that fueled your need for justice, tell me."
He sounded really interested, which surprised me because I didn't think it would matter to him. It seemed many things about him were coming as a surprise to me. 
That’s because you’ve already formed an assumption of him in your head. I silenced the voice even if I kind of agreed with it.
I took my time finishing the last piece of shrimp on my plate, then I took a sip of my drink before looking up to find him watching me. I gave him a small smile and cleared my throat to answer his question.
"When I was in high school, I had a friend, June. She was a carrier. Her mother was a non-user while her father was a pyrosian. We weren't really friends per se, but we came to know each other due to her constant visit to my dad's hospital. She always had bruises and burn marks on her.” 
My thoughts strayed, I remembered being intrigued by the girl who always had a smile on her face, and bruises on her body.  
“When I confronted her, she told me her dad was disappointed with her for not being a mage, and usually used every opportunity to remind her of what a failure she was by using his magic on her." 
I took a deep breath to calm down. Recalling this particular event always resurrected old buried anger. Anger for the justice system and criminals that got away with crimes, more like the one sitting opposite me right now. 
"When I told her to report it, she said she's done that, but nothing was done. Her dad was influential enough to make them turn a blind eye. Then she went missing for over a week. The next I heard of her was that she was found burnt in their house. Her father nowhere to be found." I closed my eyes to push the tears back.
"You blame yourself," Damon noted.
"No. Yes. I don't know? I know logically it wasn't my fault. But she confided in me. I just kept the secret to myself instead of doing something with it.” I stared down at my palms, “Even when she went missing for the week, I fought with myself over telling someone or keeping quiet. But in the end, it didn't matter because she was dead." 
I took another sip of my drink trying to swallow the rush of emotions that were threatening to choke me. I looked up, expecting him to say something, but he was silently lost in his thoughts. 
"Your turn," I told him, "What caste are you?" 
When I thought he was going to go back on our deal-- because I didn't trust him one bit, he stood and held out his arms.
"Come." 
I debated not taking the hand since I could stand on my own, but Mira’s warning that I shouldn't make him my enemy was still ringing at the back of my mind, so I took his hands and let him help me stand up. 
I wanted to ask where he was taking me, but I figured if he wanted to let me know, he will. So, I asked another question I had in mind. 
"Why did you bring us to Blueway? I was expecting you to stay within Westown where you'll be more in control."
He chuckled as we got into the elevator that will lead us down. 
"At least, I won’t be accused of being predictable." 
True. I've had a total failure in trying to predict his moves. 
"I don't believe the people we're trying to capture will attack when we're together." 
"Because you'll protect me?" Arrogant much? 
He ignored my gibe, "They have no reason to." 
"I don't get." 
"Think back to the first attack. It happened when you first came in contact with my subordinates. The second time was when you were in my territory." I rolled my eyes at the possessive way he said my territory but allowed him to talk, 
"They are trying to make it look like I attacked you. But if you're with me--"
"They can't frame you." I completed for him as we stepped outside into the cool night air. 
"Yes," he answered.
Except they could, and they did. 
It was the click of the safety that alerted us of the imminent danger-- more like alerted the guards because they immediately shielded us with their body before a shot rang out. 
The man in front of Damon dropped to the ground and began twitching. I'd seen a similar reaction when Joe was shot. 
"Dran," I echoed. 
"Yes, a very high voltage if it was able to knock Malcolm out," he said it so calmly like they didn't just attempt his life. 
"What do you mean high voltage? I thought they were all the same?"
He crouched and placed his hand on Malcolm's head just like he did to me back at that forest community. 
"No, they have varying degrees." 
Malcolm’s twitching stopped and he was able to sit up. 
"Thanks, Sir," he said bowing his head to Damon. 
Damon patted his back, "Get up, we're being ambushed." He stood up and helped Malcolm stand. 
Looking around, I discovered we were encased in the biggest shield I've seen. 
Who created it? 
It can't be Damon, he was busy with Malcolm. But as I looked around, I didn't see anybody who would have been able to do so. 
"You're really an azpis?" 
He shook his head, "As much as I'll like you to believe that, no."
He turned to his men, "Find the shooter." 
Then he lowered the shield for them to pass. As they passed, bullets rained from all angles at them. We were out in the open, so there was no cover for them except the restaurant which was now suspiciously locked. I held my hands to my mouth watching as they dropped to the floor. 
Fortunately, few got hit, the rest were fast enough to disappear into the night. The few that were hit started convulsing just like Malcolm did, but they were out of the protective circle for Damon to do his special mojo on them. 
"Freya is dying," he pointed at the female close to the restaurant. Her twitch was more vigorous and painful than the rest I assumed she was hit more than once. 
"Stay in here, I'm coming." 
He moved to leave but I held him back, my hands on his arms sending him a glare, "They'll shoot you the second you get out of here." 
"They have to see me first. They've lost their surprise element." 
He shrugged off my hands and left and in swift seconds, he was back with Freya.
"It's okay," he said to her soothingly, his hands on her forehead. Just like Malcolm, her twitching became less frequent until it stopped but she didn't wake up. 
"Is she dead?" 
He stood up and looked around, "No, she's sleeping," 
"We have to take at least one with us alive." 
He pulled his phone from his pocket, I suspect to call for backup. Instead, I heard him say, 
"Make the basements ready, we're bringing in people." 
"You're not calling for backup?" 
He looked at me amused, "Backup?" He chuckled, "I have eight guards with me." 
"And three are down." I pointed to the two knocked out cold outside the circle and Freya who was supposedly sleeping inside the shield.
He shrugged, "The rest of them are enough."
We didn't talk again after that, just stood waiting-- for what exactly I didn't know, but Damon looked relaxed so I decided to copy his stance. 
Five minutes later-- according to my estimate, one of his guards came out to the open and just one shot rang out something he dodged with ease. 
"Clear," someone shouted in the darkness, confirming they’ve gotten the attackers. The rest of Damon’s security came out dragging an attacker out, some of them, two attackers. Damon dropped his shield and walked out, leaving me to trail behind. 
I made a quick count, they were ten shooters, all wearing black, all non-magi. 
"We can't take this much," Damon said to Malcolm who came to stand beside him. I assumed he was the leader of the security team. 
"We can arrange for a car to be brought, Sir." 
"No, that will take too much time. We just need three." 
"Okay Sir," he bowed before moving over to the shooters. 
"We need just three of you, I don't care who I choose but I'm a bit generous here. Any volunteers?" 
The shooter directly in front of him spat up at him, a futile attempt considering the spittle fell back on his face. 
Malcolm smiled, "Well seems you're not interested." 
He raised the gun that he brought out from the holster around his waist shot the guy in the head.
"What!" I screamed rushing forward to tackle him but Damon wrapped his hands around me, holding me back. 
"Why will he kill him?" I shouted in his face, the air cracked in response to my anger.
A whole lot calmer, Damon answered, "We didn't need him, there's no space in the trunk to fill ten people."
"So you just kill them?" I was vibrating, my muscles quivering with anger.
“Is that how little human lives mean to you?”
I heard another shot ring out and another attacker dropped dead. 
Wtf! I was busy talking and he was still shooting?
I tensed and sucker-punched Damon, bringing my knees up in between his legs, dirty I know, but it did the trick. It made him lose his hold on me and I attacked Malcolm sending him crashing into the restaurant building. The others immediately advanced at me, some changing shapes, others choosing to stay in their human forms. I directed my magic at the closest one and sent him sprawling backward to the road only for another to take his place. I was about to attack once more, but I felt the sharp edge of claws on my neck. 
"Enough," the voice snarled at my back. 
I went still. 
"No scratch, Malcolm," Damon warned as the guards cleared a way for him to come forward.
"You play with fire, little tiger."
Acquiescing to the pet name, I snarled at him, "While you play with human lives." 
"They were trying to kill me," he simply stated. 
"So that makes it right to kill them?" 
"I thought you wanted to mete out justice." 
"Killing them isn't justice." I glared at him, the hand or claws at my neck had eased some more giving me the space to breathe deep, "We have a system that makes sure justice is carried out." 
"The Syndicate?" He asked with a sneer.
"Yes, the syndicate." 
He observed me for a moment, "And if I say no?" 
I shrugged, "You are already a criminal, do what you want to do." I made sure to infuse a lot of disgust into my tone.
He smirked, "So you can come after me?"
I didn't answer him. If he wanted to kill them, there was nothing I could do to stop him. I was just one, against him and his bodyguards. 
"Malcolm, release her." 
The hands wrapped around my throat disappeared. I waited to see what he decided to do. We all waited. After some time he sighed, 
"Put them in the trunks, stuff them if you have to." 
A rush of relief came over me, I closed my eyes and let out a slow breath, at least he listened. 
I didn’t know why I was relieved. I shouldn’t care, I should want him to reinforce the image of him I had in my head-- a psychopathic criminal instead, he was showing he could be reasoned with and it irked me to find out that I was relieved.
"What about the dead bodies, sir?" One of his guards asked. 
"You guys can track scent right?" I asked. 
They looked at Damon asking for permission to answer me. Damon nodded.
"Yes, I can," one of them said.
I nodded, "You can leave the bodies here, whoever sent them will have to come and retrieve it. You can track their scent to wherever they take them." 
I looked at Damon to know what he thought about it. He nodded, 
"Do it, David." 
He came over and placed his hands around my waist. 
"Don't touch me" I struggled in his hold, but he held me tighter.
"Don't try my patience, Miss Greg. You've already done that enough today." 
"Or what?" I taunted, "You'll kill me too?" 
"No, I won't. If I wanted to kill you, locking me up in your interrogation room was reason enough." 
"Fine, then let me go." I kept struggling.
He growled holding me tighter and dragging me towards the limo. 
“Don’t be stupid.”
“You’re an ass,” I retorted.
He grunted something inaudible but still dragged me to the car.
All through the ride, I kept staring at the road refusing to acknowledge the fact that I was in a car with someone who just easily ordered the death of seven men because there was no space in his car. 
On the upside, I'll soon be out of his hair if we could use these attackers to catch our killer. 

CHAPTER ELEVEN
An hour later, our party dawdled to the front of the mansion’s gate. The first tip as to what we will later meet inside was the armored tank discarded in front of the gate. 
Yes, a freaking tank. 
The Limo came to a halt since we couldn't well fly over to get inside. 
"Could you help us remove the tank from the way?" 
It took me a moment to realize the question was directed to me. I turned from the window to gape at the handsome psychopath sitting across from me. “Me?”
"Yes, we need to get inside." 
Don’t I know that? But there are other means to solve the problem. I crossed my hands and leaned back on the car seat now fully facing him,
"Can your majesty not walk from the gate to the mansion?" The sarcasm dripping from my voice was enough to quench a donkey’s thirst. I added a very fake, very bright smile as icing on the cake. 
"As a matter of fact, I can't. Will you?" His flat tone indicated he was serious and wasn’t in the mood for jokes. 
My smile dropped and I gave him my best stink eye, "Why do you think I'll help you?" 
The clang of metal stole the spotlight from our looming argument. We peered outside and watched as three guards pushed the tank away. Just making evident how strong they were.
"Looks like they don't need my help.” I told him, “And you have more trouble in your hands." 
People didn't just get a tank and park it in front of someone's gate, especially if that someone was Damon Wilmore. The mansion was attacked. 
He sighed, "And more people to kill." 
If he was expecting a reaction, he didn't get any. Maybe that was why he looked up at me with a grin on his face and mischief dancing in his eyes. "You won't stop me again, will you?" 
Now he got one. I exploded, emotionally, and magically. The limo shook as the air responded to my anger, "What is wrong with you? Does the prospect of killing people give you joy?" 
My anger was directed at him, but also to myself for taking the bait. For some reason, he was trying to get a rifle out of me. 
"No." 
All the traces of humor left his face. "Honestly, it doesn't. But I have to do what I have to do to protect my people."
The tank was already out of the way and our car resumed its journey into the compound. 
As predicted, the inside held the aftermath of world war III. A section of the north fence was gone, demolished by a tanker. Two more armored tanks made their way into the compound. The scent of blood and death hung in the air and though it was night, I could still make out pieces of flesh and bones that were ripped apart by claws. Luckily, most of the damage had been cleaned before we arrived.
Immediately as the car came to a stop between the imposing front pillars of the mansion that was surprisingly untouched by the attack, Mira, trailed closely by Malachi came running out. 
Mira ran towards Damon and began fussing over him, 
"Thank fuck you're alright," she said hugging him tightly. 
"Language," Damon scolded her. 
"Oh please, I'm permitted to swear given the situation.” she ran her hands all over his face and body searching for any injuries. 
I felt a deep pang of longing within my chest. They reminded me of my family, how they’ll fuss over me after a fight. But instead of complaining and trying to escape the attention as I always do, Damon stood there looking all imposing and manly, soaking it all up. 
If not for the ache for my family they created within me, it was almost comical watching the two of them. Damon was a very huge man, bigger than his bodyguards-- which were not small by means. In contrast, Mira was inches taller than I was. The difference in their body size was just so glaring. 
"What happened here?" Damon asked after successfully undergoing Mira’s inspection. I moved closer to them so I could hear. They were yet to acknowledge my presence, all of them focused on their boss. But that was okay, I didn’t need their attention. 
"We were attacked by a small army. A hundred of them, armed with dran. We weren't prepared for the effect those guns had on us, they effectively breached our defense. But we were able to get them."
"Alive?" 
Malachi grimaced, "Some, it couldn't be helped." 
Just then, Malcolm and the other guards dragged out the ones that ambushed us. 
"Put our friends together with the others," Malachi instructed them. They carried our attackers and disappeared into the night.
With the others? 
"Aren't you going to involve the syndicate?" 
Now all their focus was on me. 
"Miss Greg," Malachi greeted but this time his bow was diluted, not the full dose, packed with a smile and sweet welcome notes. Thank God for small favors. 
"Hope you had a lovely date, amidst the disturbance." I rejoiced too quickly. Malachi will always be Malachi. I smiled at him, a sweet smile, perhaps too sweetly. 
"I did. Damon was the perfect date-- throughout." 
Mira shot me a weird look but I ignored her, Malachi and I knew how we communicated.
"No, we aren't involving the syndicate," Damon answered my question. 
My smile disappeared. He was good at that-- making my smile disappear, even if the smile was just a fake one.
"So you're just going to kill them?" 
"I can't just let them go after this. Killing them would be justice." 
I regretted telling him that little tidbit about me and justice. Experience should have taught me better but what do I know? I’m either a slow learner or just a sucker for experience lessons. Don’t tell them things you hold close to you, they’ll always use it against you. But Melissa won’t hear. 
"My Lord!" A hysterical woman wearing hospital white scrubs came running. Panic and grief finding shelter on her face, she bowed low to Damon. 
"We need your help, my Lord, some of our brethren are dying." 
Damon immediately went on alert, everybody did, even myself. The talk of people dying was enough to give all of us, friends and not so friends, the same goal-- save the dying, or at least try to. 
Damon rushed into the mansion. I was confused, but I followed them. 
"Miss Greg I think you should wait for us outside," Malachi blocked my path. 
"Move," I glared at him. 
"Let her come. That's if she's ready to keep her mouth shut?" The question was specially packaged for me. 
"I will," I nodded at Damon and followed them inside. We passed the large sitting room down a hallway to what I assumed was another wing in the mansion. The place was so big I don't think I could find my way around alone. We came to a door that opened into-- a hospital ward? 
Yes, a hospital ward. 
A big one at that. I was counting almost fifty beds. And all of them, occupied. Some of the occupants were still twitching as Freya did, some were so still I feared they were already dead. 
Damon quickly sprang into action getting to the first person and laying hands on his head as he did to Malcolm and Freya. Immediately, the twitching stopped. He moved to the next person. On and on he kept going, from bed to bed, but they were too much of them that needed attention. 
The effect of the drain was already showing on Damon. The sag of his shoulders and the sluggishness in his movements, all pointed to the fact that he was exhausted. 
"Take from me." Malachi presented himself over to Damon.
But Damon shook his head, "Bring someone else, I'll need you just in case they attack again." His voice was even slurring. 
Malachi nodded at Mira and she disappeared to-- bring someone else. 
Right, I promised not to talk. But the more I stood there silently waiting for Mira to reappear with the someone else, the more insane and sordid answers to the question, ‘For what?’ kept going through my head. 
Sacrifice? God knows I won’t keep shut about that. 
I watched as Mira ushered two huge men-- considering they were all huge in this place, it was a moot point-- into the room, ordering them in Damon’s direction. They both spoke to Damon in whispers before bowing low to him.  
Damon nodded in return and placed his hands on both their arms. When I thought of sacrifice, I wasn’t far off. 
My mouth hung open as I watched them fall to the ground, dead? "Did you kill them?" 
Right before my eyes, Damon got back his color, looking as fresh as he was, going out on our date. Guards entered and carried the men on the floor away.
"No," Mira answered in a hushed tone, "He just drained them."
I matched my voice to her whisper, "He can drain people too?" 
She smiled, "He's special isn't he?" 
Proud much? I didn't answer her. I was busy trying to recall everything I've seen him do. 
Create a shield-- a trait of an azpis.
Yellow eyes-- indicated animal origin. So he must have an animal form.
Draining people of magic-- sylph. 
That's three castes in one person. What else could he do? 
My curiosity was piqued. Who was Damon Wilmore? Not just the magi, but the man himself. 
In my head, he was a criminal. Someone that thinks he's above the law. But there was more to him. Even l, looking past my prejudice could see that.  Like the man that ran out of his shield to save a dying guard. The man hugged Mira like he cared for her and wasn't ashamed to show it. The man that is now draining himself to save his people. But there was also the man that threatened to bomb a park full of children and innocent people. The man that ordered the killings of people because he didn't have space in his car to carry them.  
He was a walking contradiction-- and that made me more interested in knowing the real person. 
I didn't know why the sudden interest. I wasn't one of those people who loved solving puzzles or who loved the rush of a challenge. Most people always assumed I did because I was in the syndicate and solving puzzles was everything we did, but I don’t. The tougher a case got, the more it annoyed and stressed me out. So having an interest in the enigma that was Damon Wilmore was a little -- too puzzling for my liking. 
I watched as he continued the healing process, he needed to drain two more men-- though they were in better shape than the first set-- before he finished with the injured. Most of them were already up. They would bow to him and murmur something I couldn't hear before leaving the ward to wherever they went. 
I leaned into Mira, "Why are they bowing to him? There's more than a Boss-employee relationship going on right?" 
She looked wary for a moment as if not sure of what to tell me and what not to, "Yea." 
I waited for her to continue. 
"What the hell, it's not like you won't know of these things later." She narrowed her eyes, "But if you let this secret out to anybody or the syndicate, I swear I'll be the one to come after you." 
I rolled my eyes, "I hear you sister." 
I blanched, did I just say, sister? She beamed and squealed, drawing the attention of the people in the room. "I knew you'll come around."
"Slip of tongue" I defended. It was so easy to mistake her for Tru despite their difference in appearance. Where Tru was tall and had red hair, Mira was inches shorter with black hair.  But they had almost similar mannerisms and talking to Mira felt like I was talking to Trudy. 
"Whatever,” she sang, “Come on, if you want to know, we can't do it here standing." She led me out of the ward back through the way we came. But instead of going out into the sitting room, she took a turn into another hallway, then into an elevator that took us up. I was just following her lead because all I could see were a series of hallways, then elevators, then another series of hallways before she opened a door. 
"A Library?" I asked when I saw shelves and shelves of books. 
She shrugged, "I want to tell you about our history, what better place to do it than a library?” She turned concerned eyes at me, “Or if you're tired, we can do this tomorrow. Though I'm not holding my breath for that." 
Yea, it was late already. And today had been packed full of interesting events I could have done without. But the promise of knowing about Damon and his not so little world cleared any trace of weariness in me. 
"No, let's do this."
"Okay,” she beamed, “Come on."
She led me down the long Library hall to another door. She pushed it open, and I discovered it led to a balcony of a sort, filled with cushion chairs. We took our seats. From this place, the view was Westown. 
The mansion was secluded from the main town. Closer to the jungles I now knew wasn’t uninhabited than the main town. From this height, the city sprawled out, but all you could see were the street lights that decorated the town like a Christmas tree and the occasional high-rise building.  
Mira crossed her legs and leaned forward to face me, "Okay where should I start from?" 
I relaxed into the cushion reveling in the soft feel of it, "Hope Damon won't get mad at you for telling me." 
"Well," she grimaced, "not if you tell him?" 
My brows took to the sky, she wanted this to be a secret? A surprise considering they always stood together as a team against outsiders. 
"What caste is he?" 
She smirked, pointing at me, "That has been bugging you hasn't it?" She turned sober, "Well Damon is-- unique. First, let me ask you this question."
I nodded.
"What do you know about the origin of magic?"
"Nice of you to go behind our deal, Tiger." 
We both turned shocked, now pale faces to see Damon and Malachi hanging by the door. 
Mira quirked her brows in my direction. I winced, managing to look guilty and indifferent at the same time. She didn't know about the deal.
"You didn't want to fulfill your half of the deal, will you blame me?"
He pranced to sit beside me, close enough that I could feel his body heat. And like Trudy would say, he was hot, very hot. Both temperature wise and otherwise.
"If I remember correctly,” his deep growly voice crawled out from his throat and beat on the edges of my already erratic heart, making it dance to its tune. “You've not fulfilled your part."
Confused or more like disoriented by his closeness, I frowned, "I answered your question." 
He grinned, "The date." 
I scrunched my nose at him, "That can be fixed. But are you that insecure you need to blackmail women to go out on dates with you?"
"Only you, sister." Mira chipped in laughing. 
"So am I special then?"
Damon furrowed his brow, "You are supposed to look excited about that." 
"Sorry, did I not look happy?" I pulled on an innocent face. 
Mira laughed, Malachi chuckled, and Damon scowled, "Smartass." I grinned.
"I'm not much of a storyteller, Mira should continue the work. She's already started. I'll just help." He said.
"Really?" I began fanning myself using magic.
"Yes. And why are you disturbing the air?" 
"I'm fanning myself," I squeaked, ignoring the looks he and his cousins were giving me. They weren’t the ones so close to this heat. 
"And why are you fanning yourself?" he asked. 
"Because you're hot." 
I winced. Okay, that came out the wrong way. "I didn't mean it like that, I didn't mean you are hot--"
"We know, sister." 
Red splashed over my face. The chuckles coming from the other side where Mira and Malachi sat wasn't helping.  Damon kept looking at me amused at my antics.
I tried to explain myself once more, "I mean you are hot, as in your body temperature. It's hotter than normal." 
Instead of laughing again, they shared knowing looks. I was about to ask them what it was but the next thing Damon said made me pause.
"I'm not the only one that's hot, Tiger."
"What?" Was he implying I was hot too? "I'm not hot." 
"You are, sister, in more ways than one."
I touched my neck and true to their words, I was burning. 
"How?" I asked. I think the right question should have been, why? Why was I burning up?  Apart from the heat I assumed came from Damon, I felt okay, great even. So why was I burning up? I looked to Damon for any clue. It was there. "You know why this is happening, don't you?" 
He nodded soberly, "Let Mira continue. You wouldn't be able to understand without the explanation." He gestured at Mira to continue.
"What do you know about the origin of our magic?" She asked me the question again. 
I shifted in my seat and tucked my legs under me. I was still in the gown I wore for the date, so it took a little trick to pull it off. 
"200 years ago, the world was plunged into darkness for 20hours, the aftermath was our magic?" I posed it as a question because I wasn't sure again since she was asking the question. 
"True, but what they failed to tell us was the world before the darkness." And there goes our teacher. Teaching as a profession could be done by anybody, but only a few people were teachers. I would know that since I was given birth to by one. Mira was one too, and so was Gus.
"Okay, ride on." 
"The earth was once a place of magic, strong potent magic that made it possible for gods to live among us. Performing magic was as common as breathing. But along the line, magic started dying."
"You're talking about magic as if it is a sentient being." 
"Is it not? Just because we can shape it to our will doesn't mean it doesn't have a will on its own." 
"Now, that's weird," I muttered.
"Okay let's look at it like this. If a servant swears fealty to a king, he is under the King's will, is he not? But does that mean he has no will?"
I shook my head in no, "I think I get. Magic is our servant."
She narrowed her eyes in my direction, "Why am I having the feeling that you don't believe me?" 
I chuckled nervously, "Don't worry, just talk." 
She scowled but continued anyway, "So the gods came together. Don't ask me how many. There were a lot, like a species on their own, just a lot more powerful and immortal. Each god had followers. They decided it wasn't safe for them to stay on earth again, so they built two artifacts; a dagger and a star. These artifacts were able to store most of the magic on the earth before it died away. The dagger was used to create another realm for the gods, Orieum. While the Star, the gods used it to create two new races; Witches and Shapeshifters."
The story was getting more interesting and unbelievable as she continued telling it, but I kept my mouth shut. I'll ask questions when she was through. 
"They wanted to be able to interact with the earth, so they created witches that'll do their biddings for them. But they also created the shapeshifters to protect the humans from the witches and indirectly themselves because they understood how destructive they could be. 
Druids were as a result of the gods' escapades with human females. Their offspring were found to have magic that could be passed from one offspring to another. You're getting the picture right?" 
I nodded, in as much as I was having a hard time believing it, I understood. Gods, witches, shapeshifters, Druids. Simple.
"Good, so before the darkness, shapeshifters, witches, and druids existed though they hid behind the scenes from humans. 
"Witches didn't hide enough," I said. 
She sighed, "Yea, there's that, but better them than shapeshifters right?" 
"Werewolves," I reminded her. 
"No" she laughed, "that was this century's production. And proteus we're already out by then." 
I agreed with her.
"So what caused the darkness?" 
"Good, so after the gods created the artifacts, they went with the dagger to release the magic it held into their newly created world so they could survive and left the star with us to prevent any of them from having any ideas of creating a new species. But here on earth, a power-hungry druid took hold of the artifact and wanted to create his species, people that'll worship him."
"He wanted to be a god," I stated.
"Yes. He had delusions of being a god. He had enough power to pull it off too. When the gods got wind of it, they tipped the witches-- those that weren't on his side because he was able to gain a lot of followers from the supernatural race." 
"What was wrong with creating another race?" I asked. 
"I don't know," she shrugged, but Damon helped her out. 
"It would have disrupted the balance of things, and put the humans in danger. Because any new specie that’ll be created has to be a predator to humans and nobody wanted that, at least nobody good wanted that." 
"Right, so they had to stop him," Mira continued. 
"A war broke out, the supernatural race was divided into two. A half, sided with the Druid, Egon was his name. The other half fought against them. But in the final war, the artifact was broken and all the magic inside was released to the earth. The darkness was as a result of the broken artifact." 
"Okay, so how does it connect with why I'm burning up?" I asked, the heat had become unbearable, and I had the urge to remove my clothes. I looked at Damon, he wasn't faring any better. But unlike us, Mira and her brother felt quite alright. 
"Aren't you guys feeling the heat?" 
"No. I'm coming to that." 
"Hurry up," I said panting. 
"Okay, so after the darkness, people started gaining magical powers which gave the original supernatural community freedom to come out in the open. Damon's ancestors were one of them, he was a panther shifter that mated with a carrier and gave birth to his wonder kid, Wilmore."
I chuckled, "That's not the story I heard." 
Damon turned to me amused, "What did you hear, Tiger?" 
I raised my brows at the endearment, he's been using it more often now. I didn't know whether he was trying to get a reaction from me or something, but I wasn't falling for it. 
"Two panthers turned to humans after the darkness, and mated with a carrier woman who gave birth to a son." 
He chuckled, "That's not true. Firstly, we shapeshifters are possessive, so I can't see two men sharing a woman."
"You said we shapeshifters" we like he was a part of them. 
"Yes?" 
"So you're a shapeshifter?" 
He nodded, "and a sylph."
He saw my confused look and explained, "I'm a shapeshifter. My ancestors were one before the darkness. And somehow, I inherited my mom's magic. She is a sylph." 
"Wow!"
"He's special isn't he?" Mira asked, admiration for her brother evident in her tone. 
"Yea," I absently murmured. "But that doesn't explain why we're both burning up." 
Despite the distraction of the compelling story and Damon's reveal, my body was still heating up even when I was fanning myself.
"Ehrmm," Damon averted his eyes and kept them on the ground where he was playing with his shoes. It made me pause because that was something a nervous person will do, not Damon Wilmore. 
"What?" I pressed. Something told me this was going to be a big reveal for it to make him uncomfortable. 
"Well, shapeshifters have fated mates." He turned to me, "That is, the person they were made for." 
"Okay." Though it's something I've only read in books and watched in movies, I understood the term.
"We're fated mates, Melissa." 
 
CHAPTER TWELVE
"No way!" Maybe when I'm calm and alone. I'll think of the way I exploded and Damon's reaction. But for now? I was in absolute denial. 
“No way?”
"No way! Like it’s not possible. No."
He seemed to cringe at my outburst, "We are, that's the reason I was able to heal you with magic." 
"That's a lie. You healed those bunch of people down there." 
"They were Pack. We are connected."
I refused to believe him. Even If I could believe everything Mira said, I wasn't believing this one. 
"It's not possible, I'm not a shapeshifter," I argued. 
"It's possible," he was getting frustrated with my denial, I was hysterical with his insistence.
His cousins just sat silently watching our tirade. 
"That's the reason you are heating, you're feeling the heat of our bond." 
"Why now? This isn't the first time we're meeting." 
"Because I initiated the bond by giving you my magic for the second time today," he looked away guilty.
I went back to the forest, to the time he rested his hands on my head. That must have been when he initiated the so-called bond.
"Why didn't you tell me?"
"I was going to."
"When?"
"Eventually." 
Meaning when the bond was over and he had completely tied himself to me. No consent or permission. He didn't even ask whether it's something I'll want, because I don't. Maybe, I don’t know. But the point is, he should have asked for my consent.
"Let me ask you one question."
"I'm all ears."
"Was it necessary to give me your magic earlier today?" 
I watched him struggle for the right answer, "To me, it was." 
Interpretation from Damon’s code to the English language, No, it wasn’t. And he did it on purpose. I wasn't expecting him to apologize. According to him, he doesn't apologize for what he did with prior meditation. And he had plenty of prior meditation on this.
"So this heat or whatever--"
"Blood burn." he supplied
"Blood burn. It only happens whenever we're near right?" Because I don’t remember feeling it before he came.
"For now, Yes."
Good. Solution found.
"It's late already, I think I'll go to bed. When you're ready to interrogate the prisoners, I want to be there." 
I stood up to leave the room.
"Melissa," he called out. I paused, that was one of the few times he's called me by my name, and to be honest, it touched something deep within me. But when I waited for him to say something, he was quiet.
"Goodnight Damon." 
I left them outside and entered the library. I was already out of the library doors before I remembered I didn't even know where I was going. 
"Let me take you," Mira appeared by my side. I nodded and trailed behind her. 
***
I had a mate. A freaking mate. Apart from denial, I couldn't put a name to how I felt about it. Maybe like how those human heroines in fantasy movies felt when they realized there was a supernatural world, and they had mates of their own? No Idea, because I don’t even know how they felt. All I knew was that the result was always the same. Acceptance. They always accepted their fate and something told me, something unwelcome because I wasn’t ready to accept.
Mira led me through the series of hallways, then into an elevator, and another series of hallways before we reached the room I used to prepare for the date. 
"Look, Mel, I can call you Mel right?" 
I nodded. 
"Thanks. I know it's hard to digest, but don't take it out on him. They're many things you still don't know. 
I didn't know what to tell her. 
"Mira-- Let me sleep on it first." 
She nodded, looking a little hopeful, "Thanks. See you tomorrow, sister." 
I nodded and locked the door behind me.
Sleeping when you knew you might have a potential mate you didn't want- okay not you didn't want but you don't want to want- is very hard, that's why I woke up the next morning feeling stressed out and irritable. Add grouchy and moody to the list.  
Mira came up thirty minutes ago with a maid carrying breakfast and told me they'll be waiting for me outside for the interrogation. I quickly ate and had my bath. But even after taking the bath, I didn't feel any bit refreshed. I had to suck up, it wasn’t anybody’s fault that I couldn't sleep. 
I put on my usual work clothes-- clothes that Mira brought with her. Black jean trousers a blue top, and a jacket. I found my way down, it was easier since all I had to do was get to the elevator that stopped at the last floor, and found the exit to the large sitting room. 
Outside Damon, Malachi, Mira, and Malcolm with some other guards were waiting. As usual, Malachi was dressed in a suit. Damon ditched his suit jacket for the white T-shirt inside. The sleeve was folded up his arms. I let my eyes trail freely up his naked arms up to the muscles bulging under his white shirt. He looked good, too good, I felt myself salivating. Even in his casual formal wear, he exuded the kind of power that let anyone know they were in the presence of an alpha predator, or a protector-- depending on the way you see it. My eyes traveled up, past his chest to his bulging throat that I found oddly sexy, up to his jaw that had a day's worth of beards, to his mouth, nose, eyes, our gaze clashed and I immediately averted mine, blushing, embarrassed for been caught ogling him. 
I wasn’t not going to ask what was wrong with me. I already knew. I had a mate. 
Knowledge could be power, but also at times, a bitch. Now that I was aware-- even though still doubting-- of the fact that we were something more. The subtle attraction, that I’ll forever deny was not existent, now burgeoned into something more.  
I turned my attention to others, Mira was in the same getup as me, jeans, a blue shirt, and a jacket. I raised my brows at her. 
She shrugged, "Well since we're sisters, I thought we should match." 
The reason behind her calling us sisters became clear to me now, she knew I was Damon's mate or supposed mate, which will make us virtually sisters. She must have seen the realization on my face because she winked. 
"Let's go" Damon growled, his voice having an edge to it that wasn't usually there and I knew I was the one that put it there. Curious, I wanted to know whether he had sleeping issues last night as I did.
We moved to the other side of the compound where there was a very small building. The inside was just an empty small room. I was about to ask why we were here seeing as the place was empty, and was barely able to contain all of us when Malachi pressed a button and a section of the wall disappeared revealing a door. He punched in some codes and the door opened into an elevator. A big one, bigger than the room we were in. We all entered and the elevator took us down. This was the basement Damon was talking about? It looked like a maximum-security building. 
Like other Damon's properties, the basement was very big, containing cells that held each of the fanatics. Yes, there were that many cells-- some were even empty.
The cells were made of a special kind of glass that was as thick as any wall. The whole place was fitted with cameras, alarms, and security codes. Malachi had to fill in a lot of them to deactivate the laser beams that were all over the place. 
"Find the leader and bring him to me," Damon commanded one of the guards. 
I wondered how he was going to achieve that seeing as all of them wore the same tactical gear. And I didn’t see any of them talking. The fanatics looked ready to take whatever information they had to the grave. Malachi would have been more suited for this job since he could easily manipulate them. 
But the guard opened a cell and dragged the man out peering into his eyes. The man began screaming and writhing on the floor, holding his head once he was released.
"What did he do?" I asked Mira. 
She leaned closer, "Some of the shapeshifters are usually born with extra gifts. His is to read minds."
I watched as he walked down the aisle of cells presumably to find the leader of the group. 
"Is it usually painful?" I looked down at the man still on the floor in pain. 
"No, not really, except if he forces himself in so fast." 
So it could have been done nicely, he chose to inflict pain. A common pattern here. There was always a choice. But everyone here seems to like going for the worst choice.
"They'll be dead soon anyway," a voice in me said. But I shut it up. Not if I can help it. Justice is by the law not by any other hands, especially not by Damon's and his goons. 
The guard came back, dragging a man, and unceremoniously threw him on the floor before Damon. The man looked up with a sneer on his face. He screamed military, or at least he looked like a member of a security force. Someone that trained for agility rather than bulk. His hair was short, his face clean shaved.  
"Malachi," Damon called, not even sparing the man a glance.  
Malachi stepped forward and smiled at the man, the same smile he gave me when we first met. 
"Hello friend, how are you doing?" He squatted and cooed like he was talking to a pet. Immediately, his magic signature appeared, white streams of a manipulator’s magical energy waltzed in the direction of the captain. I watched transfixed as the man danced to the beat. He smiled back adoringly at Malachi. 
"What's your name, friend?”
"Lance," the captain answered, no hint of hesitation. 
"Lance, I'm Dance." 
Mira leaned in again, "The best way to go into someone's mind without any restraint is to be subtle. He could just punch through the barrier like the guard and get what he wants, but there's a possibility that his mind will fry up and some information will be lost. So he has to-- seduce him into seeing him as an ally." 
The captain was already laughing, gisting about random things like he was with an old friend at a bar. I didn't know which was worse. Using force as the guard did, or this--turning a once hardened man into a caricature of a child. 
"Will he remember any of this?" I asked Mira.
"No, if Malachi doesn't want him to," she threw me an odd look, "Don't you guys interrogate people at the syndicate?" 
"We do, but not like this, our interrogation room weakens the person to the point where he would answer any question asked with just a little magic push." 
Malachi wasn't using little magic, apart from seeing it, I could feel it. He has saturated the man's mind with magic. 
"Well, that's no fun," she said.
I gave her a weird look in return, "And this is fun to you?" 
"Make no mistake Mel, if the situation was reversed, he'll have done much worse to us. Look at him," she gestured to the captain who was still laughing, "He isn't even feeling pain." 
"That doesn't make it right." 
She huffed but turned back to the captain and Malachi, "He is already giving us answers, sister. Let's leave that for later." She dragged me closer so we could hear what he was saying. 
"No, I wasn't the killer," he told Malachi. 
"That's good, at least you're not a murderer. Do you know the killer?" 
The man's face fell, "I'm sorry I don't know him." 
"That's not good, friend," disappointment tinted Malachi's tone, which seemed to make the man look more despondent. He wanted to please his new friend. 
"Try to remember something," Malachi pressed. 
"I don't know, but I can lead you to the person who ordered the hit. Is that okay?" His eyes held so much hope for Malachi's acceptance that it broke me a little. No one should be debased like this. 
"Hurry up with it," I grumbled. Malachi shot me an irritated look then turned back to the man and smiled, "You can do that?" 
The man nodded enthusiastically, "Yes, I can even do more than that. I can show you our base of operation." 
"Perfect. Can you write the location here? The name of the puppet master too." A guard handed him a sheet of paper and a pen.
"Of course." He took the materials and wrote down a name together with an address. 
Malachi collected it from him and handed it over to Damon. 
"Can you ask him a question for me?" I asked. 
Malachi looked over to Damon for permission. He nodded. 
"I can," he replied. 
"During the kills, the guards mysteriously disappear. Does he know why?" Though my suspicions were still a manipulator influencing them to leave their stations, it didn’t harm to ask.
Malachi turned to the captain, "You heard the lady?" He nodded, "Do you know why?" 
The man was silent for a moment looking confused. 
Malachi turned, fully facing him, "Do you know why, my friend?" 
"Yes," his smile came back. "The guards are among our group." We waited for him to explain. “When it’s time to attack, we alert the guards and they leave.” 
I think I’m getting the picture now, if you want to frame someone, you’ll want to know everything about him or at least things about him that can be dug out with a simple investigation. They knew Malachi was Damon’s second and that he was a manipulator. A powerful one at that. Making it look like the guards were influenced was a clever tactic to have fingers pointing towards Malachi’s direction, thereby solidifying the evidence against Damon.
 "What of the symbol?" Mira asked. 
"The symbol they use on the dead body, why do they use it?" Malachi asked him. 
Captain smiled, "We're trying to implicate a very powerful man." 
I don't think he knew who Damon was, or he hadn't yet seen Damon since he went under Malachi's control because he giggled like a girl at the thought. 
"Why?"
He looked blank, "I don't know." 
"It's alright. Why did you attack us?" 
"We were told to kill the powerful man's agent girlfriend." Everyone looked at me, including Damon. I wasn't Damon's girlfriend, but we all knew they were talking about me. What was alarming was how they got that information and the speed at which they got it. Damon told me about the date in the morning, and I told a total of two people-- Boss and Joe. In the evening, they were already attacking. Not just a small attack, but something large and coordinated. Something that will surely take a lot of time and preparation planning. 
"So people would say it's the powerful man that killed her?" 
"Yes, clever isn't it?" The man laughed. 
Malachi stood up, "We're done" 
Captain Lance woke up from the mind induced trance. 
"You son of a bitch" he yelled, anguish and fury written all over his face. He rushed to attack Malachi, raising his hand to land a blow but was knocked out by a guard. 
"You didn't wipe it from his mind?" I asked.
"No, it's his punishment, knowing he easily gave up his people will kill him...well, before he dies."
It was a brutal thing to do. 
"Don't pity him, Miss Greg, you heard him. Their mission was to kill you." 
Damon turned and spoke to me for the first time since last night, "Do you now believe I had nothing to do with the killers?" 
I nodded trying to ease the tightening in my chest, "Yes, but I won't apologize." 
He was a suspect, a very suspicious one at that, given his history of killing important figures in the town. Don’t blame me or anyone else for thinking he had a hand in this. 
"Fine by me, I just needed you to acknowledge you were wrong.” 
He turned to his guards, “Come on. Let's go. We have a base to storm." 
"Wait," I called out, "I'm calling my team. We're going with you."
"There's no need for that, Tiger. We can handle it ourselves." 
"I didn't say you couldn't handle it. I said we're coming with you, me, and my team." I shot back. 
Damon was on me in a flash, his hands on my neck, his eyes glowing yellow. 
"You don't order me, Tiger" he growled, low and deep, the sound more animal than man. His eyes were burning with intensity and power on mine, pulling me, forcing me to submit. Heart pounding with fear and my throat deprived of air, I held on till I couldn't and dropped my gaze in defeat. 
Satisfied, he eased up, "Do well to remember that." 
He released me and strolled away. 
I rubbed my hands on my throat out of preservation instinct and not that he hurt me. His hold wasn’t as tight as that of the one in the syndicate. 
Mira came closer, careful in her approach as if I'll snap at her if she came rushing, I probably will since they all stood there watching him manhandle me. 
"I'm sorry," she said sheepishly.
I shot her a glare, "Don't apologize for him." 
"I'm not.” her voice bolder, “He'll probably do that himself. The mating urge. He feels it more, makes it difficult for him to control himself and since you're not a shapeshifter, the only effect you feel will be the blood burn." 
I snorted, "Whatever" 
I passed her and followed the rest outside. 

CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Damon was waiting when we got to the top. His hands were stuffed into his pockets, his frame coiled tight with tension, the slight movements of his jaws made me know he was grinding his teeth underneath. Was he still angry? His posture told me he was, but at who? Surely not at me, because I was angrier.
He whirled around to face Malachi, "Gather a team, we're striking the warehouse right away," then in a softer voice he turned to me, "Come with me please?"
He said please. That was the reason I tailed him as he wandered back to the mansion. He skipped past the main entrance that was commonly patronized and went around to the side of the mansion, entering through a private door. There was an elevator that took us up, opening directly into his office. 
When we were enclosed in his office, he twirled to face me, a pained expression on his handsome face. 
"I'm sorry, Tiger. I don't usually make it a habit of harassing females." 
This was the most expression I've seen on his face- not even when he was angry. I’m not talking of his usual eye change from black to yellow. He was always cool, calm, and collected. This is the first I’ve been able to catch a glimpse of something real on his face.
That didn’t mean I was letting him get away with his crimes. My dad doesn’t manhandle me, neither does Liam. Sure, they knew how to always make us feel sorry with their words and cutting looks, but they never raised their hands. 
Most times I always thought physical punishment would have been better than the shame and guilt I always felt knowing I’ve disappointed them. 
I folded my arms, and glared at him, "This is the second time you've harassed me, third, if I'm counting the time you dragged me to the car. Is this what it means to be fated mates? You subduing me at every turn and I just have to submit to your will?" 
Not that I was even giving the subject of fated mates any thought. Okay, that’s a lie, I was giving it plenty of thoughts, picturing how it was going to look like. Happy? Blissful? Heavenly? I didn’t think so, more like growling, more growling, me growling back, hands on my throat, eyes glowing, I submit, we start all over again with growling. Sad I know, and that gave me an extra reason to fight whatever this was. 
Standing this close to him, I could feel the heat already rising within me. Blood burn, they called it. And I understood why because it felt like my blood was on fire.  
"No, it wouldn't be like this, I promise," he grinned, "And I'm glad you are giving thought to the fact that we're fated mates."
I snorted and lied through my nose, "I'm not giving it any thought. And if you lay your hands on me again, you better wave any thought of fated mate goodbye." 
"Fair enough, it's a promise." 
"Now, can I call my team to join us?" 
"Please do." 
I walked up to him, "How hard was that?" I lifted my hands and patted him on his chest, mistakenly-- it has to be-- groping the solid muscle behind the thin material. The heat radiating from both of us was like a raging fire threatening to consume us. His rich woodsy scent was like a pheromone pulling at my feminine hormones forcing them to rise in a surge. 
Mindlessly, I moved closer to him, panting like a dog in heat. He curved his hands around me and pulled me against his hard body. He gazed down at me, an easy feat considering I was barely reaching his shoulders. His eyes glistened with unnamed emotions; adoration? Lust? I don't know, but it made me a little uncomfortable.
"You feel it, don't you?" His growly voice sent tingles chasing down my spine. I had to shake my head to clear the fog that was suddenly over my brain. It was making it hard for me to think well.  
"I'm going to call my team," I stepped away from his scorching presence, putting as much distance between us.
His chuckle trailed after me, "You can run, Tiger. I love the chase." 
I turned to him after I'd reached the door, "Can I ask you for something?"
"Anything." 
No hesitation and he meant it literally. I’ll ask for anything and he’ll use his power to provide it. That was too much power for me to have. I ignored the discovery, just like I've- or was trying- to ignore the discovery of fated mates, shapeshifters, witches, and gods and I was failing. 
"Could you keep the fact that we're fated mates a secret?" 
He regarded me with those black eyes, "You don't want your lion to know?"
"No, and he's not just a lion you know?" 
"Yea I heard, he has mastered a new form. Impressive." 
From his facial expression and tone, he wasn't impressed which was surprising because it was rare. Few people had the power to do it, and fewer had the determination to practice. 
Curious, I asked, "How many forms do you have?"
His lips tipped up in a grin, "All." 
I raised my eyebrows, "All?" 
"I am Alpha." 
"And that means?" 
He smirked, "It will cost you a date." 
"Bastard," I mumbled, making him laugh. 
Surprise! He laughed, and I discovered I was smiling too. Huh! What happened to not liking him and wanting to investigate his criminal activities? He manhandled me for Christ’s sake, and I'm here smiling and laughing with him.
"Ehrmm..., I better give my team a call" 
I didn't wait for him to reply, I stepped out of the office. 
***
The address to the warehouse Captain Lance gave us was located on the outskirts of Broston. An uninhabited area-- though now I’m starting to rethink what was uninhabited and what wasn’t. 
Broston was surrounded by mountains and jungles and I feared to think of what lived in those areas. Damon would know.
He brought a small army with him, their numbers able to rival the syndicate's force in the city. Where he got them from was a mystery, but they were all packed into three long delivery containers. Anybody seeing us will think we were making deliveries for a construction site. That was what the containers said. "Strutman Construction."
My team and I followed behind in our Syndicate signature utility jeep, a black bulletproof jeep that had the syndicate insignia on its body. I refused to ride with Damon despite his request. Well, a request is putting it mildly, more like an order. 
A wave of warmth went through me. He listened to me when I refused to join him. I knew that because he was so ready to pick me up and throw me into the car, but he didn’t, instead, he sucked and let me have my way. 
I spent the ride bringing my team to the present on recent events; the date, the ambush, and the interrogation. I conveniently left out personal things and other things like the historical tale and most especially, the issue of fated mates. That will come later, much later after closing this case.
Since we didn't want to alert the fanatics of our arrival, we came down from our vehicles a few miles ahead and completed the remaining part of the journey on foot. About fifteen minutes later, the warehouse became visible.
We hid from sight, easy to do because the warehouse was surrounded by thick bushes. Damon had his men approach the warehouse on all sides. My team closed in from the west side, we watched in silence prepared to spring into action at the signal we agreed upon-- A wolf howl. 
Two men came out in the open and walked to the door of the warehouse. No noise came from inside the warehouse and it looked deserted but that was what they wanted people to think. The warehouse may have been soundproofed for all we knew. One of the men bent and worked on the key lock before it opened. They pushed the door and it gave way with a loud groan that pierced through the silence of the forest. I held my breath, my heart going wild under my ribs. I haven’t been in a wide-scale attack, not as big as this one and I worried that it was going to be a problem for me-- that is, attacking without harming friends. Elementals were best used for attacks over a wide range. Like, flooding a small village, raining fire on a group of people, causing tornadoes to uproot houses, and opening the ground to swallow a whole army, not fighting alongside proteus. Though the intensity of the magic that will be used for those was usually very big and very rare.
"Get back! Bomb!" One of them shouted. They scurried away from the warehouse but weren't lucky, the bomb went off in a resounding boom that destroyed the warehouse to bits, and in the process, the two guards. It didn't end there, instead, it set off a cascade of other bombs planted around the warehouse. One by one, bombs kept exploding, a chain-like reaction.  People were blown into bits. The whole jungle was in a jumble. All around us bombs went off. Chaos was the theme, everyone ran around in a panic, oblivious as to when and where the next bomb would go off.
I heard someone shout my name. I turned towards the sound and saw Damon running towards me, horror etched on his face. I didn't understand the reason for his expression or more like I didn't realize I was the cause for the horror until I heard the unmistakable click of a bomb about to go off. Later, if I survive, I’ll ask myself why I didn’t teleport out of there. Maybe it’s because I haven’t been practicing. I stood still, my face mirroring the horror and fear etched on Damon’s face as the bomb went off.
I was blasted backward hitting a tree with my back and landed hard on my ribs. I grunted in pain.
Damon was on me in a second. 
"Melissa!" He cradled me in his arms. I choked on my blood struggling to breathe. I was dying. I knew it, could feel it. I might have been close to death’s door twice this week and escaped it, but this was my time. There was no evading death again. My magic worked desperately to repair the damage, but it wasn't doing it fast enough, life was slipping from me. 
"Give her to me let me see," it sounded like Joe's voice, I wasn't sure. I was so tired, so cold, and in a lot of pain. 
Damon continued to hold me tight, snarling at anyone that wanted to come near. I felt his hands on my forehead, feeding me magic, but it was already too late. No amount of magic could heal me. 
I heard him demanding that I keep my eyes open but it was so far away. I was in a tunnel, and someone was beckoning me, I needed to follow her. How I knew that was a mystery to me, but I just knew. I hurried my steps to meet up, she stretched out her hands, and as soon as I took them, I collapsed. 
***
I woke up to bright light. It was so bright I had to squint my eyes. 
Where was I? 
I looked down on myself, I was dressed in a white gown spotted with the color of blood-- red. The gown flowed down, encompassing the area around me. I could hardly see a few feet from me without covering my eyes but once my eyes adjusted to the light, I discovered that I was on a beach of sorts. 
Huh! Was this what heaven looked like? 
I was kind of disappointed. I’ve been to enough beaches in my life on earth, that I needed paradise to be something more unusual and wowing.
I wasn't an avid believer of any god, but I believed there was a reward for those that did good while on earth. At least all the religions preached about it, and their idea of heaven was a lot more creative than a beach. 
I stood up, the feel of the beach sand soft under my bare feet. It seemed to go on for infinity. Apart from the sea that looked like clear glass, there wasn't anything else in sight. Just the beach.
The crush of footsteps on the sand had me turning back to meet the newcomer. I was surprised that I could hear it because I was sure the sound was too low to be picked up by the ear. 
"You're lucky," the girl-woman said. With her facial features, it was hard to discern which she was; woman or girl. She looked like she was paused in the in-between. Able to look like a girl and get away with it, and still able to look like a woman and pull it off. She wore the same attire as mine, but hers was pure white, with no spot. 
"Where am I?" My voice came out like an echo.
"The border. Come." She stretched her hands and I placed mine in them, letting her lead me along the beach. 
"You're lucky," she repeated. I didn't know what she meant by that. Lucky that I came to heaven or lucky that I died? 
"Not everyone is given the opportunity of a second chance, and not everybody has someone ready to give his life to save theirs," she regarded me with a sad smile, "Especially when the person they are saving wants nothing to do with them." 
"Am I dead?" I asked the question because I'm sure that’s what everyone will ask when they die.
"Not really, like I said you were lucky. You see those bloodstains on your gown?" She pointed to my gown. So it was blood? I thought as much. "They're what's still tethering you to the outer world." 
We walked till we came to a large clearing. It wasn't deserted but filled with people in similar clothes like us-- white gowns for the females, the males wore what looked like robes, but still white. 
"These are waiting to cross the border," she said.
I looked at the river where most of them were gathered, there was a single boat with a boatman on it. 
"Where does it go?"
"A new life." 
"Reincarnation?" Most people believed in reincarnation, but I didn't give it much thought. I had one life to live and that was how I saw it. If I came back again, it was still one life.
"Not really, their life force is regenerated and taken back to the outer world, while their essence is placed in the sea.” 
I nodded like I understood, but whatever that meant, I didn’t know.
 "Come, someone wants to meet you before you go back. You don't have much longer to spend here."
Once again, I followed her as she led me through the crowd of people waiting, towards another deserted beach road. 
We came upon a big rock that formed a very small cave. Blue-colored water came out from it, flowing down the cliff in between the beautiful flowers that decorated the rock. It was a beautiful sight. Here, the deep blue clouds looked closer than normal and stars were twinkling in the bright clouds. 
On top of the rock sat a lone woman wearing the same white gown, her hair danced to the tune of the winds. She looked up from the scene she too was admiring and smiled at me. "Beautiful isn't it?"
I squinted my eyes, trying to peer at the person’s face. "June?" 
A flush of adrenaline swept through my body, made my heart racing. I dare not hope.
"I knew you'd come before I left," her voice filtered through the air, striking a chord that was long played in my heart.
"June?" I asked again, even though I knew for a fact that she was the one. 
"Yes, it's me." 
"Oh my God." I ran to hug her. "I'm so sorry June. I'm so sorry." 
Old guilt resurfaced and I had to blink a few times to prevent the tears from flowing. 
"That's why I waited, this," she pointed at my face, "I know you'll feel guilty for not doing something to help me."
"What?" I was confused.
"I saw you. The last days I came to the hospital. I saw the way the guilt was eating at you every time you came to my room."
I lowered my head in shame, "That was because I couldn't do anything." 
I raised my eyes to look at her, "I should have done something. Maybe you wouldn't have died." 
"You don't know that," she stated. 
"But I'll have done something, anything." 
"You did do something, and you're doing something. Every time you make sure justice is carried out, you're doing something. You don't need to carry that guilt again. I'm happy. Look around, it's beautiful." 
I choked on my tears and she pulled me to her. Her confession seemed to unlock something deep within me. The guilt and shame I've hidden deep. Two toxic forces that drove me to join the syndicate barely nine months after her disappearance.
"It's okay, let it go, Mel. Let it go so you can be free to love." 
I laughed, remembering old times when we'll make bets to see who will fall in love first. 
"I heard you've gotten yourself a mate."
My forehead creased, "How did you hear?" 
She nudged her head in the direction of my escort, “Her.” 
"Who's she?"
"Fenna, she's a guardian."
I didn't know what that meant but it was easy enough to know she was guarding something. 
"It's time to go," the guardian called from behind. 
June gave me a small smile, "Go on. You have a life to live." 
Fenna stretched her hands and when I placed my hands in hers, I collapsed again. 
 
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Waking up to bright light, then waking up to something black can give a girl’s sight, whiplash.
"What are you doing?" I asked the owner of the eyes staring back at me. His face was so close to mine, one would think he was about to kiss me. 
"Kissing you," the growly voice replied. Like that was an everyday answer you gave someone that just visited Mr. Death
I sat up, forcing him to move back. "Kissing me?" 
"Well, I've tried everything apart from that, so I decided to give it a try." He gave me a very wide, very genuine smile, "It worked." 
The vision before me was breathtaking, dazzling. It rivaled the sight I saw in fake-heaven and beat it hands down. 
Damon Wilmore was smiling. Go figure! 
And like every self-respecting gorgeous man in the neighborhood, his handsome features became more handsome with his smile. It took me a moment to realize he was speaking. 
"Worked? What worked?"
His eyes danced, "My kissing you worked. Mira told me about this particular story where the prince had to kiss the one he loved to wake her up. She even had me watch it." His face twisted in disgust. 
I chuckled, a man will always be a man. And I’ll always be Melissa the Ignorer of uncomfortable truths. With that said, I decided not to point out the fact that he just implied he loves me. 
"The name of the movie is sleeping beauty. You didn't watch it growing up?" 
He shook his head, "I didn't do much growing up." 
It was the way he said it and not what he said that had the strings of my heart, tugging. He said it with a smile that carried the echo of an ache buried within. It made me ask questions, questions that served to increase my curiosity. Who was this man? More importantly, who was the boy behind the man? Who drinks fruit juice from a juice box with a straw? The man or the boy? 
But I didn’t ask him those questions, instead, I asked, "What did you do growing up?"
I was sitting on the bed, my legs straight out, my back resting on the headrest. He sat on the edge of the bed, facing me. "Boring things. How are you feeling?" 
I frowned at his abrupt change of subject. I knew that signal. It says, 'let it go, I don’t want to talk about it.' Trudy did it enough, so I decided to do that, let it go, and answered his question. 
"I'm good, surprisingly good. What happened?" 
He smiled, but it was a sad one, not the one he gave me before, "You almost died."
I threw him my best evil eye, the one I usually gave Joe when he was being all cryptic, "Surely you can do better than that?" But where Joe seemed to wilt under the evil, Damon grinned.
"You have to eat and rest first," he got up from the bed. 
I got a good look around for the first time. The first thing I realized was how big the room was, bigger than the room I used in his mansion and that one was ginormous. 
"Where are we?" I already had my suspicions. The rich woodsy scent I usually attached to him permeated the air, clogging at my nostrils with every breath. Initially, I thought it was his closeness, now I wasn’t sure.
"My room," he answered while punching away on his phone. I thought as much. Only Damon Wilmore will have a room as big as an apartment.  
"Why am I in your room?” 
The question came out more curious and less of the emotions that were usually attached to questions like this-- like anger.  “And why can't I get angry at you?" 
He paused mid-type and turned to face me, "You want to get angry at me?" 
"Yes, no, I don't know. But I just know I can't." Even the underlying resentment and anger I always had for him being a criminal was no longer there. It just felt so normal to be here on his bed, giggling and making doe eyes at him-- which was not normal at all.
"Eat and rest, we'll talk about that too."
A knock came from the door, "Just in time," he walked up to the door and opened it. "Bring it in." 
A maid dragged a cart containing food inside. She arranged the cart close to the bed, bowed to me, "My lady," and then bowed to Damon before she went out. 
"What was that about?" 
"Eat first Tiger, we'll have time to talk." 
I surprised myself again with how compliant I was. I didn't even argue with him. I stretched my hands to the tray and opened a dish. It had chicken soup inside. My mouth watered at the scent. The other dish contained potatoes, the third one had rice in it, I opened the last one, and it had spaghetti. 
I raised my brows at him. Is there a party I wasn’t privy to?
He shrugged, "I didn't know which one you'll prefer." 
"So you brought three different foods?" 
"If you don't like them, tell me. The kitchen can get you whatever you want," he said looking worried.
I let out a dry laugh, "I mean this is too much," I gestured at the array of dishes before me. 
"I'm not a picky eater. I’ll eat anything." 
He smiled, "Good to know. Now eat." 
I paused and looked at him. He was now sitting on the sofa beside the bed, facing me, "Are you just going to sit there looking at me?"
"Yes. Eat." 
What’s with him and me eating?
“Is there something you put inside the food?” I wouldn’t put it past him. 
“No, it’s just food. Eat, you’re hungry. I can feel it.” 
"You can feel it?" I didn't feel hungry at all, Instead, I felt so calm and full. 
"No more questions, I'll fill in on everything when you've eaten and rested. Deal?" 
"But I don't feel tired," I whined.
"Trust me, you are. And hungry too." 
His tone indicated he knew more than he was letting on, so I decided to trust him, which was another rarity occurring since I woke up-- I’ve started counting them. 
I ate the food, and despite feeling full, I almost finished everything on the tray. Embarrassed, I looked up to find Damon watching me with a knowing grin on his face. For a guy that doesn't smile—I’m talking of a real smile-- he's been doing it a lot lately. 
"I didn't know I was that hungry," I mumbled. 
"I know. Now it's time for rest." 
I didn't argue with him. There was no need to tell him that I was feeling okay and didn't need to rest. Considering I didn't know I was hungry, you could say I no longer trusted my verdict-- at least for now.
The next time I woke up, Damon had his back to me, leaning on the balcony and staring at the view outside. 
"You're awake," he stated without even turning to check.  
"How do you know that?" 
I've had a lot of suspicions going on, and I needed answers, ASAP. 
He turned and walked inside the room coming to stop by the bed, "I know, just like I know you need answers. But first, how do you feel?"
I gave him my stink eye, "Don't you know that already?" 
He shrugged, "I do. It just felt natural to ask. You feel better than before." 
"Okay, back to the story. What happened and how did I come to be in your bed?" 
He sat down on the bed, and took a deep breath, "You must have figured out by now that the warehouse was rigged. I guessed that they left as soon as they realized we had their people and they also suspected that we would be coming after them. So they planted bombs all through the perimeter."
"How many people died?" 
I feared to know the answer because cold seeped into my bones, and my heart ached as I replayed the horror movie of people being blown to bits. Right before my very eyes, hands and limbs severed along with wails and cries of agony as the resounding boom of bombs going off provided a gratuitous interlude. I shuddered. It had been the closest I’ve ever been to a massacre.
"Twenty-seven.” Damon’s eyes held the ache of loss and sorrow. “Their families were well compensated." 
"And you think that is okay?"
"No. But that's the least we could do." Maybe it’s because I just woke up from almost dying, or that the intimate setting-- his room, made me soften towards him, I don’t know. But where I’ll have flown into thinking he was a psychopath that didn’t care for people’s lives, I understood. Saying the families were well compensated wasn’t because he valued money on the same scale as human lives. No, he felt a lot responsible for their deaths, and compensating the families was a way of trying to ease the guilt. At least, while mourning, these families will be well provided for. 
“Continue.”
"When the bomb exploded in front of you, you lost almost half of your face and your hair." 
Pure reflex reactions had me touching my head. Come to think of it, I haven’t had to remove those stubborn strands from my face since I woke up. 
My hands came in contact with the bald skin of my head. 
"My hair is missing?" 
I jumped from the bed, my pulse racing with me. I moved over to the mirror that covered part of the wall of the room. 
I wish I could say I knew the person staring back at me. All my facial hair was missing, my hair, eyelashes, and brows, everything. I looked like a monk or better still a humanoid robot without the wig.
“How were you able to look at me?” I couldn’t even look at myself, yet I couldn’t take my eyes away from the mirror. 
I wasn't particular about my face or appearance. I knew I was beautiful, my green eyes, auburn hair, high cheekbones, and full lips worked well enough for me. But looking at myself now, I felt a pang of loss for my beauty
"Will it grow back?" I asked Damon. Vanity or no, no one wanted to look like the evil witch from the east. 
"I believe so, it was worse when you woke the first time. I could speed it up, but I wanted to know how you felt about it." 
I sighed, going back to the bed. "Don't worry, continue your story. I have a feeling there's still more bad news than just the loss of my hair." 
"Not the way I see it. To save you, I did what I never thought possible. Your life-force was slipping away, no matter the amount of magic I poured into you, I couldn't stop it." 
Yea I remembered. I remembered thinking he was too late when I realized he was feeding me magic. "So what did you do?" 
"It was a gamble. After draining myself of magic, trying to save you. I thought if I could share the one in the core of my life-force, then it could work. That's what I did. I think I bounded your life force with mine."
"That doesn't sound good." He wasn’t even sure of what he did.
"It doesn't sound bad either. The witch that will give us more information has been sent for. She'll be able to tell us what I did when she comes."
"Where is she coming from?"
"I don't know, she doesn't say."
"And you trust her?" 
Damon was as paranoid as they came. Hell, he had a taster, so it’s surprising he’ll trust a witch when he doesn’t even know her origin. 
"She's been with the pack for ages."
I nodded, “What happened after that?"
"I collapsed. My men had to carry both of us back here and I woke up yesterday feeling a second heartbeat in my chest. It wasn't until you woke up I discovered it was yours." 
"What?" This was the bad news I was talking about. 
"You don't believe me? Check it." 
He took my hands to his chest. I felt the thumping of his heart. He moved it lower, and I felt another beat. Though they beat synchronously, I could tell they were different. 
I swallowed trying to push down the non-existent lump in my throat. What did this mean, I hated too many unknowns. Arrgh! And I’ve been coming in contact with them lately.
"I discovered that I could feel what you were feeling, and even influence it to some aspect." 
"Wait, let me see if I got you right. You shared your life force with me, and now you have a second heartbeat that's supposedly mine?" I first placed my hands on my chest, finding relief in the fact that I still had a heartbeat. "And you can feel everything I'm feeling, and possibly influence it?" 
"That about sums it up." 
"What's your version of influence?" 
"Let's say I can soothe you, calm you down. I don't know about any other emotions, but that's the one I've tried to do." 
"When I woke up?" I guessed. He nodded. 
Yea, I felt too calm for someone that just woke up in a man's bed without going there herself. 
"And…" He averted his gaze from mine and found something interesting in the ceiling.
"What is it?"
"I've shared magic with you for the third time, the mating bond is almost complete-- at least on my end."
I shrugged, feeling surprisingly okay with that knowledge, "Well, It was inevitable right?” He nodded. 
“What does it take to complete the bond?"
"You'll have to share your magic with me three times too." 
"But I'm not a sylph." 
"You'll be able to share with me, don't worry. That's if you want to?" 
I raised my brows at him, "You mean you won't force me to do it?"
"I can't force you, Tiger, it has to be your decision." 
I rolled my eyes, "Well you could kidnap my family and blackmail me to do it." Maybe I should have been more careful revealing my weakness to him, but he already knew. What with me handing myself on a silver platter in his office for my family. 
"Contrary to what you believe, I need a partner and not a slave. So I'll let you decide."
"But you don't even love me," I argued. 
What was I doing? Compiling excuses why this can't work. 
"I'm well aware of my feelings for you, Melissa. Almost killing myself to make sure you live is proof enough," he said dryly, making me feel like an ungrateful bitch. He must think I am. 
"Yea, I'm sorry. I haven't really thanked you for saving my life."  
We were both silent for a moment.
"Look Damon, I don't know, this thing looks too sudden. I mean I just found out that I had a fated mate yesterday--" 
"Four days ago." 
"What?" 
"You've been asleep for the past three days.” 
"What!" I screeched. Three days? 
"Relax. You were saying?" Immediately I felt calm.
"I want to feel what I feel, Damon," I told him emphatically. "If this is going to work. Yes, I'll give it a try. But there's still a fact that you're a criminal. I don't know what to do about that." I quietly admitted. I was the Law, maybe not exactly the law, but a servant of the law. He was a criminal, an offender of the law. There was no way we could work out.
"If it helps, I don't kill innocent people." 
"And that just makes me believe you." 
"You should, my mother works for the Syndicate." 
I almost lost my eyes, with the way they were bulging out, I feared they'd fall out, "Now you're just spitting shit. What's her name?"
He smirked, "Helen Strutman." 
"Liar!" I knew Helen Strutman, or more like knew of her name. I'd seen her only once, but that was enough to leave a lasting impression on me. I wasn’t ashamed to say she was my role model. As a top person at the headquarters, she was the dream woman of a small girl trying to prove herself amidst gender discrimination.  
Damon laughed, "Then let me clear your doubts."
He picked up his phone and dialed a number. After the first ring, someone picked.
"How is my favorite boy doing?" A woman's voice drifted from the phone. 
"I'm your only son, favorite or not," Damon answered with so much fondness that sent my heart racing. He shot me a concerned look. Crap! I forgot he could feel my heartbeat. 
"Well you're still my favorite," she said. 
"I know. Hey Mom, I have one of your agents in my bed, I was hoping you can confirm who you are to her since she's having a hard time putting out to a criminal." He winked at me, causing all my facial orifices to open in reply; mouth, nose, eyes. Who was this person before me and what happened to Damon? He had a sense of humor, who knew? And was he seriously telling his mother he needed her connection to get laid?
"Jace, don't tell me you have one of our finest agents in your bed." 
"I won't" 
"Jace?" I whispered smiling.
He covered the phone receiver with his hands and answered, 
"My middle name."
Whoa, Damon Jace Wilmore. I giggled, feeling warm tingles spread over my body at the thought of his name.
"I'm not verifying anything for you. You want to get laid, do it yourself. Hell, I do my own myself, you don't see me calling you for help." 
"Thank God for that, and this is more than getting laid, mom. She's my fated mate." 
There was silence at the other end of the phone, I thought she's cut off. 
"I'm coming over," she said. 
"That wasn't needed," Damon said. 
"It is. I want to see for myself." She cut the call. 
"Do you believe me now?" He asked, a small smile on his handsome face. 
I smirked, "She didn't confirm it." 
"It's a good thing she's coming then." 
He stood up and leaned towards me. I thought he was about to kiss me on the lips, instead, he kissed my forehead. My breath hitched and I visibly shivered. The act looked more intimate than the lip kiss I was initially afraid of. I could still feel his lips against my forehead and I wondered what it’ll feel like having those lips on mine.
"Your heart is going crazy. I'll love to think I'm the cause of it." His hands held my face caressing it. 
"You don't already know?" My voice came out softer than intended.
"Let’s just say I'm still learning how this works, so I might not be accurate in knowing what you feel, and why you feel it." 
Really? That gave me a little comfort.  
"Will I be able to do the same with you?" I hope so because it will suck if this was only just one-sided.  
"Maybe, normally, when fated mates have completed their bond, they can communicate telepathically. But something is telling me that ours wouldn't be normal."
"I'm not a shapeshifter, maybe that's why."
"No. My mom wasn't a shapeshifter too." He countered. 
"She mated your dad?" He nodded. 
"And your dad is dead." He nodded too. 
"I'm sorry," I told him. I don't know what I'll do if I lost my dad. 
"It's okay, it was a long time ago."
He tapped me on my nose, "You'll want to get ready for my mom's arrival." 
My face displayed shock, "She's coming?" 
"Didn't you hear her?" 
"I thought---" I rushed out of the bed. Gosh! I thought she was joking or maybe talking about coming tomorrow or sometime next week, not this very moment. 
"God Damon, I can't meet your mom like this." I gestured to my hairless head. 
He looked amused, "I guess Mira can help with that. Let me call her."

 
Chapter FIFTEEN
"A word of advice sister," Mira materialized in front of me, making adjustments to the brown wig on my head. 
"I shouldn’t shake my head too much, else the wig will fall?"
"No smartass. The wig isn't falling. I'm giving you tips to survive Helen." 
"Don't worry, I've met Helen before. Though this would be different, seeing as I am meeting her as Damon's mom." 
She snorted, wrapping the ends of my fake hair in her hands, "You met Helen the Syndicate leader, not the mother Alpha."
"What is the difference?" I knew Helen Strutman to be a very powerful woman, in terms of position and magic-- her reputation preceded her. But she was also warm. Her smiles were very genuine, unlike some people I knew. She could have you relaxed and feeling safe in seconds of just being around her, Trust me, I knew that first hand. But according to Mira, that was the syndicate version. 
"Oh, they are very much different, I bet you. When she's in the syndicate, she mutes a lot. Just leaving a remnant of her magic on display. At Alpha mode, it's difficult to look into her eyes. Stronger men have trembled under her gaze." That was news. If she mutes and she is that powerful, imagine how powerful she’ll be unmuted. 
Could she be more powerful than Damon? It wasn’t uncommon for parents to be stronger than their children.
"Does that mean she’s stronger than Damon? I look into Damon's eyes pretty much." Though with great difficulty and not for long, especially when they were glowing yellow. 
"No. And that's because you're his mate. Also, he is muting. Come." 
She directed me to the wall mirror to see the work she's done. I was back to my normal self, or at least back to a resemblance of my former self. The brown wig though shades darker than my natural light auburn hair, did the job. I twirled in a princess-like fashion causing the floor-length blue gown I was wearing to wobble at my feet. The ache in my chest eased a little. Losing my hair wasn’t as bad as I thought. I turned to the reason, "You did a good job, Mira." 
She giggled, "Thanks, call me M." 
I gave her a weird look. 
"What? My name is too short to be shortened any further, so M is it." 
I rolled my eyes, "Why do you need to shorten your name if it's already short?" 
"Well, Friends call one another the short forms of their names right? I call you Mel, so it's fitting you call me M." she scrunched up her nose, "Mi doesn't sound right." 
I laughed, moving over to the bed to apply my makeup. "You're one weird friend. What about Damon, what do you call him?" 
"He doesn't count. He doesn't even like nicknames, so I'm surprised he's calling you one." 
"I think he's doing it just to rile me." Maybe.   
"You're saying it like you don't love it." 
Did I love it? 
I gave my pretentious ass a mental eye roll. Hell yes, I did! Recently though, surely not when he started calling me. 
"I don't know, maybe I'm starting to like it." I told her, trying to look as nonchalant as I did not feel because in my mind, I was busy conjuring Damon’s deep growly voice saying “Tiger '' and it was making my heart purr like the sick tiger it was. Arrgh!
"Don't worry you'll come to love him as much as I do," she giggled, "More than I do. Because you know, there are ways I can't love him," her eyes danced suggestively. 
A trickle of alarm frizzed down my spine. Love? Love Damon? A week ago, hell four days ago would have seen me laughing my guts, more like puking them out at the thought, but now, it seemed like I no longer welcomed the idea of exposing my guts to the world, instead, I was harboring butterflies in them. 
Was I falling in love with Damon? I hoped not. No, I hope-- maybe, Arrgh! I don’t know?
I turned to the bubbling fairy by my side, who looked every part the excited princess marrying her prince. 
"Why do I feel like you're happy about this arrangement? I mean what do you get out of this?" 
She sobered up a little, "You." 
"Me?" 
"Yea, A sister. I've always wished for a sister or at least a friend. Now I've got one." She gave me a sad smile which reminded me of Damon’s own when he said he didn’t do much growing up. What kind of lives did they have growing up? 
"You don't have friends?"  
She shrugged, "I'm a cousin to the Alpha, no one would want to play with me. They just keep bowing whenever I sneeze." She scrunched her nose in displeasure, "Don't get me wrong, my life is fun, but it's tiring commanding people not to listen to my commands and just be normal with me."
"Well, don't blame them, they aren't listening to your commands, particularly this very command."
"I know right? But now I have you. You'll be higher in rank than I am, so you won't be bowing to my every sneeze."
"You can trust me on that."  
"I know." 
A knock on the door put a stop to our sisterly meeting and we watched-- she watched, I ogled as Damon sauntered in. 
"Since when do you knock on the door to your room?" Mira asked. 
I didn't take note of his reply as I was busy ogling him in his all-white getup; white trousers, white shirt-- both casual wears, but on him, they looked like fashion trends. I found myself edging closer, wanting to touch him, the pull was like a physical string dragging me towards him. The heat rising from me also didn’t go unnoticed and I began to hyperventilate.
"Why am I suddenly over- attracted to you?" I blurted out fanning myself with both my hands and magic. At this point, I needed both of them to keep me from burning up, and even at that, they provided little relief.  
"Wow! Way to go sister," Mira giggled by my side. I ignored her and focused on the man that's been taking up all my attention lately. 
He looked amused, "I don't know, maybe you are just realizing I might not be that bad, and you're now falling for me?" 
I rolled my eyes, "You're saying it has nothing to do with us being mates?" 
"Of course it has, but you don't feel it as intensely as you would if you were a shapeshifter." 
Huh? Curious I asked, "How does it feel to you?" 
If what he’s saying is true, I’m surprised he is not on his knees professing his undying love to me. If I felt any stronger than this, trust me, I will be doing just that. 
"You want to know?" He ambled closer. I’ve discarded the idea of sitting long ago. I was standing by the bed.
“Well I asked, didn't I?" 
He chuckled, invading my personal space and forcing me to sit on the bed. "Yes, you did." 
I held my breath as he bent down and took my face in his hands, a traitorous moan escaped from my lips and my face flamed red. It couldn’t be helped, the heat of his palm on my face did things to my insides that I couldn’t explain. My nerve endings were overly sensitive, and my skin tight from the heat simmering underneath.
"Look at me," he growled, the sound adding to the torturous pleasure invading my body. I raised my head and peered into his eyes. They revealed a reflection of the swirling mist of desire and need I’m sure would be found in mine. 
I watched fascinated as those eyes changed color, from its resplendent black to a blazing yellow. This close, it wasn’t exactly yellow, but a mix of green at the edges and gold at the core. 
I was boggled that he didn't hide it from me, he always did. But I knew those times were because he lost control. 
Trapped in the intimacy of eye gazing, something clicked. Like a door unlocked in my head and my mind opened to the connection between us. I gasped as a flood of emotions and feelings from Damon’s end rushed in like water from a broken dam. The intensity of it was ponderous. Need, hunger, craving, lust, pain, thirst, fear. All of them, so fervid, excruciating even. 
A loud wail rented the air and it took a moment to realize it was coming from me. And as quickly as it started, the storm ceased. 
Coming down from the high of such intense emotions, I discovered I had tears running down my cheeks. Damon swept one arm around me, using the back of the other to wipe away the tears running down my cheeks. 
"I’m sorry Tiger, I didn't know that would happen." 
Mira stood by the bed, casting worried glances at me, "Are you okay?" she mouthed. I nodded, giving her a small smile. I’ll live. 
After a while, I pulled from Damon with a heavy sigh, regretting the fact that I had to relinquish the warmth of his arms around me. But I needed to look at him.  
"That wasn’t you," I stated with as much conviction as I could muster. No, that was something more, something primal, uncontrollable, powerful, feral. Not the all so controlled Damon. 
"It's me-- and the beast," he said. 
My brows furrowed in confusion, "The beast." 
"Story for another time. But this is how I feel," he said, looking straight into my tear-stained eyes. 
"God!" I exclaimed, "How can you keep all those things bottled up and remain sane?" 
He grinned, "Who said I'm sane?" 
He was trying to make light of the situation but I ached for him. Something told me what I saw was just a taste, and it broke my heart to know, he was being tormented. Because that was torment. 
"You can heal him," A small voice said inside. For a moment, I didn't exactly disagree with it, because somehow I knew that intense hunger, thirst, and the need was for me, a connection to me. And I also knew what to do-- give him my magic. But then again that will start the mating process on my end. Something I was still wary of. 
I wasn’t trying to be double-standard. I said I'll give whatever this was a try, but I preferred it if we didn’t rush it. I needed the time to be attuned with all things Damon before irrevocably tying myself to him. 
"I can feel your-- worry?" 
"It's nothing," I answered, thankful he wasn’t able to glean insight on my exact feelings. Yet. 
He didn't believe me, no one would. I was first a horrible liar, and nothing was always something. But I was glad he let it go. 
"Has your mom arrived?" I asked, needing a new distraction. 
"No, but your team has and they're threatening to arrest me for kidnapping you," he chuckled.
Pain flared in the back of my throat causing me to choke past the thickness of guilt crawling down to settle in my stomach. My team! God. They'll be out of themselves with worry. My stomach clenched, disappointment a sour taste in my mouth. I've been a bad team leader. I should have at least given them a call when I woke up. 
"Where are they?" 
"Outside in front of the mansion."
I was already up and on my way out before he finished not bothering if they followed. We took the elevator down to the large sitting room, then marched outside. 

"Really?" I turned to Damon, shooting daggers from my eyes. How I wish I had that kind of power. I won’t exactly kill him, but at least, I’ll teach him a lesson.  He had my team enclosed in a very big magical shield.
Damon shrugged, "I didn't want them causing more trouble. Knocking them out would have pissed you off, so this was the next best option."
With a single thought, he released them from the shield, and in the next second, Joe charged towards him, changing into a massive lion mid-air. He didn’t make it halfway before he dropped to the ground, back to a man. 
I traced the magic signature to Mira, "You too?" 
She frowned, "I helped him, sis. Damon would have killed him without even meaning to." I turned to Damon and he just shrugged. 
I huffed, "I can't deal with you guys now." 
"Not fair sis, I was just trying to help." 
I ignored her and went over to Joe. He was already on his feet, looking a lot weaker. 
"Hey Joe," I helped him up and hugged him tightly, glad that he was safe, that everyone in my team was safe. 
"Hey Mel, thank God you are okay," he let out a deep breath, "I was worried out of my mind."
I felt a flutter in my stomach at his familiar voice. I've missed him so much. Lately, it seems we've been separated, something that rarely happened in the past.
"I'm okay," I told him once we were standing.
 "Yea, I can see that. But I must say, I'm not in support of this company you're keeping." He glared at Mira and she smiled in return. 
"I'm okay," I repeated, adding a smile to make him believe. 
Believe what? A lie? No, it was the truth. I was actually okay. 
I moved over and hugged the rest of my team. 
"You guys come in," I invited them inside the mansion but was met with weird looks. 
"We aren't entering in there, Mel," Brian spoke up. I looked to the rest and their faces showed agreement. 
"Why?"
"That's the devil's lair." It was Joe that answered, and he said it with enough disgust to set the house on fire. 
Oh no, he didn’t. Something snapped within me, maybe I’ll blame this on the incomplete mate bond but the way they talked about him had my blood boiling. They talked about him like he was some vile, repulsing monster that they couldn't bear being close to.  
"Well. It is my home too. So are you coming in or what?"
If they were shocked before, now they were in shock. 
Not ready to deal with the expression on their faces and my bizarre possessiveness over Damon, I left them and went in. From the corner of my eyes, I saw Mira walking over to me with a smirk on her face. 
"Now that's the spirit." 
I ignored her too and walked inside the sitting room. 
"You're still mad at me?”
"My team is off-limits." I didn’t appreciate her manhandling them. Yea, she’s the big bad wolf, but some preys are not to be touched.
"Alright, alright, I agree" she raised her hands in surrender, "If it helps, I'll go apologize, and maybe convince them to come in?" 
I didn’t answer and she didn't wait for one before she was out of the door. 
A few moments later, she came in with my team in tow. 
"What can I get you, gentlemen?" She said in a singsong voice and winked at me when she saw I was looking at her. I chuckled. The girl was really weird. 
"Mel, what's going on?" Joe asked immediately as he entered, ignoring Mira’s question. 
I took in a deep breath, "Many things. But first, what's happening? The deadline is over and we've not yet caught our killer.”  
"It's chaos," Fred answered when Joe kept looking at me, not in the least bit ready to answer. 
How so?"
"We don't know how the non-magi senators got wind of the fact that we suspected--" he looked around, then he whispered, "Damon."
"So now, they're saying the magi community is hiding the killer and doesn't want to give him up. Non-magi have taken to the streets rioting. Most businesses and corporations owned by them no longer cater to us. Hospitals are the most devastating.”
This was bad, worse than I even thought. Few magi were in the health sector because most preferred to do something closely related to their magical power and sadly healing wasn’t on the list of magic powers we had. Apart from Damon, I haven’t seen anyone that could heal. 
“It is a civil unrest,” Brian completed. 
"And you staying here doesn't help matters," Joe added. 
"Damon isn't the killer." 
"And you've confirmed it?" 
I gave him an annoyed look, "Yes, I told you, didn't I?" 
"That still doesn't clear him.” He pointed narrowed eyes, full of accusation at me, “Are you sleeping with him?" 
I winced, instinctively rubbing my chest. I knew this question was coming, and it was only a matter of time, but it still hurt. 
"No,” I said in a flat voice, “and if I was, it wouldn't be any of your business." 
Anger reddened his face, "I'm your best friend and team member, so I think it's my business." 
"Maybe the time you ask like you want to know as a friend and not because you want to accuse me, then it will become your business?" I glared back, conscious of the fact that the others were in the room.
He knew I had a point, "I'm sorry." 
In return, I sent him an apologetic look, because I knew he had a point too. He had the right to know if his team leader was sleeping with a suspect. Not that I was sleeping with a suspect but fear for what they'll think if they knew I was his mate had my defensive mode activated. 
In their eyes, he was still a criminal 'The Devil'. But to me, he was more than that, something they wouldn't be able to understand. And I wasn't ashamed to admit that I cared about what they thought of me. Joe, Brian, Fred, even Boss. They've become close friends over the years and their opinions mattered. 
We discussed. They filled me in on what happened after I blacked out from the explosion at the warehouse. Their explanation wasn’t different from Damon’s, but Damon didn't include that they've come every day asking to see me. 
Throughout their stay, they kept fishing for answers, discreetly, and most times openly as to why Damon's people treated me instead of the syndicate. In any other situation, I was the property of the syndicate, theirs to treat and take care of. So it raised questions when Damon’s men refused to give me over to them. 
But each time they brought it up, I expertly changed the subject. I wasn’t ready to let them know I was Damon’s mate and there was no way to answer that question without it coming up. I kept their visit short and despite their protest, I used the excuse of fatigue. Damon's mom was to arrive at any time, and I didn’t want to let Damon’s secret out if he wasn’t ready to. 
Fifteen minutes later, Damon found me roaming around the huge compound to inform me of his mom's arrival. He led me to the rooftop which boasted of different helipads.
"You have everything in your mansion don't you?" 
"Having a lot of money has its perks." 
I could see that. His mansion was a palace. I couldn’t even count the amount of room it has. It was that big. I wondered what else he had in the mansion.
A few minutes later, the raucous noise of an approaching helicopter alerted us of his mom’s arrival.
Helen Strutman was in her mid-fifties, and she wore it well like she was still younger. Black hair that was similar to Damon's own framed her beautiful face, her soft olive skin, and blue eyes gave her an ethereal kind of beauty. She was tall. Taller than I was but still way shorter than Damon. 
Damon went over and enveloped her in a hug, his large body swallowing up her not too small frame. The man was too freaking big. 
I stood by the side awkwardly watching mother and son reunion. And when it ended, my role model turned to face me. 
"You must be the reputable Melissa Greg, come here," It was my turn to hug her and I kept blushing red. She knows my name, and did she just call me reputable? The first time I met her, it was with a group of other trainees. She didn’t address me individually. I was having a huge celebrity crush right now.
"I heard what happened. Hope you're okay?" She asked. 
I nodded, "I'm fine Mrs. Strutman," I said, trying not to look too star-trucked.
"Nonsense. Call me Helen. You are my son's fated mate." 
I shrugged, "That's what I was told." 
She laughed, "And you don't believe it?"
"Initially I didn't, but now I'm coming to terms with it." 
"Good. Is my son forcing you?" 
My eyes widened, taken aback by her question. 
"No, he isn't." 
"I know, I just wanted to be sure. My boy isn't his father."
The statement got me confused but she explained.
"I was forced to accept my fate as the mate to Alpha. Though I wouldn't blame him or our parents too much, it was his era. We females were still seen as breeding cows." 

CHAPTER SIXTEEN
The ring of my phone brought me out of my reverie. I pulled it out, the black phone that was reserved for work. It was replaced yesterday when my team came over. 
"Melissa Greg" I spoke into the phone. 
"Greg, come to the office now." 
Boss. This was the first time I've spoken to him since he sent me after Damon six days ago. 
"Yes sir." 
Based on the information the team provided me, things weren't going well. The one week window we were given to catch the killer had expired three days ago, and we were still in the dark. The only light I was certain of was that Damon wasn’t the killer. 
I trudged back to the mansion to get ready. Damon was out doing what he did during the day. I hadn't seen Malachi since I woke up from death's door, Mira was also missing in action. So there was no one to inform of my leaving.
I decked out in my usual jean trousers, shirt and jacket. Thankfully, I was back to ‘my room’ in the mansion, no longer Damon's. I needed a space for myself and I had to fight him tooth and nails-- in his case, claws-- last night for it. It for the best before I did something rash, like jumping his bones and using him to sate the ever-growing heat within me. 
I went to the nightstand to get my car key but I remembered with a dull ache in me that I no longer had a car. It was at the bottom of a cliff, thrashed and beyond repair. The car was one of the few things I formed an attachment with. Mostly because it was the first and only one I’ve purchased with my money. 
Resigned, I went down to look for any of Damon's men that could give me a ride to the syndicate. I met Malcolm at the door.
"Miss," he bowed low to me and I took the greeting in a stride like it was a normal thing to be greeted with a bow. After the maid bowed to me in Damon’s room, I freaked out once or twice, even thrice when all the staff started bowing to me. I got a taste of Mira’s frustration because I was met with horrified looks whenever I urged them not to keep bowing. An elderly man had to put me out of my misery by explaining that I was the female representation of the Alpha and telling them not to give me that respect was an insult to them. Since then, I’ve learned to take the greeting in good faith. 
"Can I get a ride to the syndicate?"
"Yes Miss, I'll get your driver for you" he bowed again and disappeared. 
I waited for about two minutes before an entourage of cars appeared in front of the mansion. I cast curious glances at the cars. Had Damon returned? 
"Miss," another guard approached me and bowed. This one was tall and lean. Different from the usual bulky nature of other guards but there was no mistaking his power. His magical aura flared around him, wrapping him like a cloak.
"Your car is ready."  
"Huh?" I looked to the entourage outside. Those were for me? I just needed one car. 
"Why many cars?" 
"They are for your guards, Miss." 
"Hell no." I shook my head, "I don't need guards. I can protect myself." 
He rubbed the back of his neck, "It was the Alpha's order, Miss."
"Well, the Alpha isn't here now is he?" 
His lips pressed together in a slight grimace as he battled with himself. Which order to take? Damon's order was always going to win at the end, so I decided to give him something he couldn't refuse. 
"Will you rather I go on my own? Because it's either that or just one car." I was going to work for crying out loud not attending a gala or going to war. 
"Damon will want you to keep me safe,” I continued, “You won't be able to do that if I fly from here." 
A growl slipped from his throat and he took an involuntary step forward. Oops! My threat of flying took it too far and I knew I was about to be manhandled into the car.
"He won't also want you touching his mate." The steel in my voice stopped him in his tracks and he glared at me. I smiled back. Trust me to make a man forget he was supposed to be bowing and respectful.
He let out a long sigh and turned to his fellow guard, "Just one car." 
"Follow me, Miss." 
He led me to a big white jeep with had tinted windows and the Wilmore crest displayed on the plate number. He opened the door to the back, and I climbed in while he and the other guard took to the front. 
"I assume you're my head of security?" I asked him once we were on the way.
"Yes, Miss."
"I don't know your name." 
"Alex." 
"Good, Alex. We're going to work so well together if you just follow my way. Trust me it's the best." 
He grunted something I couldn't pick up but I saw the slight tilt of his head as our eyes met through the front mirror. He heard me. Good. 
Half an hour later, we were parked in front of the syndicate.
"You don't need to follow me inside, go do whatever you do, I'll call you when I need you." 
But I realized I didn't have his number, so I brought out my new phone and handed it over to him. 
"Put your number in." 
He punched his numbers and handed it back to me. I nodded and collected it, saving it as I entered the syndicate building.
***
"Come in," Boss called out as soon as I knocked. I opened the door and entered.
I’ve been in Boss’ office more times than I could count. But walking in this time left a sour taste in my mouth. He wasn’t alone in his office.
"Welcome, Greg. Sit." 
He pointed at the remaining chair. Two other people occupied the other seats. 
I took in both of them as I sat. One was the Inspector of Broston's Police. The other one was a terrosian, going by the green ring around his iris-- elementals that made use of earth magic--. I didn’t know who he was, but he looked very important.
"You've met Inspector Grant," Boss pointed to the bald Inspector. I nodded. 
"This is Rufus Kaid, Head of the magi senator sub-council." 
Now that had me sitting straight. The head of the magi senator sub-council was one of the two most powerful men after the Chief Justice in Broston. What was he doing in Boss' office?
He gave me a small smile and I nodded in return.
"Gentlemen, this is Agent Greg. She's the leader of the team investigating the killer. She's successfully being able to infiltrate into Mr. Wilmore's stronghold."
"Impressive" the senator nodded. 
Something about the way Boss introduced me had my hackles rising. I didn't go undercover against Damon. I went to get information on the killer. 
"What have you gotten so far?" The Inspector asked. 
I looked to Boss and he shook his head to go on. 
"I haven't gotten anything incriminating. The truth is, we won't be able to find our killer until he makes another move. Right now, he's laying low." Thanks to Damon, his people had infiltrated the personal guards for all the remaining non-magi senators, so once the killer makes a move, we'll know. 
"That's too bad" the Inspector spoke, his tone bordering along the lines of arrogant and condescending.
I looked at him, "Have you been able to solve the issue of the missing body, sir?" Last I saw him, he had a missing body on his hands. 
"Oh yes, I have." A gleam appeared in his eyes, "You see, the culprit we've been trying to catch has been under our very nose," he grinned, "Yours to be precise." 
"What?" 
"Yes, Mr. Wilmore. I traced the missing body back to him. And all the evidence we've amassed has pointed back to him. It can't be a coincidence now, can't it?"
I was already shaking my head. "He's not our killer. He's being framed." 
"By who?"
"By whoever the culprit is." 
"That's the thing Agent, there's no culprit. That's why he hasn't been caught."
I looked to Boss for support, I don’t know why I did that, maybe I was hoping the team told him about my findings but his eyes remained averted. The senator on the other hand kept gawking at me. 
"Miss Greg," the Inspector continued, "We'll need your help in bringing Mr. Wilmore into custody."
"What? No way! He isn’t our killer.” I wasn't helping them prosecute the wrong man. Damon was innocent. 
"Look here, Agent," the senator spoke, "I've read your file, and I must say I'm very much impressed. If all the agents had your passion and drive to see that justice is carried out, Broston will be a better place today.
But now, our state is on a brink of war. A war that'll claim many lives, innocent lives if we don't thwart it." He paused letting that sink in before he continued, "I think your justice meter should be given a-- reevaluation. One man's life to save many innocent lives," he leaned forward, "Isn't that justice?
I flexed my fingers a few times on my laps, my nostrils flaring in anger, "That's not justice"
"Greg--"
"And I'm disappointed you think so," I told the senator then turned to Boss my face reddening, "Even you." 
I stood up to leave. I wasn't going to sit and listen to them talk of crucifying one man to save others. 
"Mel?" 
My hands stilled on the doorknob, my heart racing about to explode. I slowly turned to see the inspector with a smug smile on his face, holding a tab. 
"Mel?" My sister's voice called out again from the tab. My insides went hard, a surge of adrenaline had me on him in a second. I lifted him by his collar and crushed him against a wall. 
I was too angry to be surprised at the fact that I used physical strength, not even magic to throw a grown man across the room to a wall. 
My hands were around his throat before he could think of standing up. "What have you done to them?" I yelled, the noise, just loud enough to drown the pounding in my ears. 
His face was turning blue from lack of blood but I didn't care. I kept squeezing his throat until I was forcefully dragged away from him by the senator and Boss. 
I turned to Boss, heaving, "You are holding my family hostage?" Hurt had tears running down my cheeks. 
"It doesn't have to be this way, Mel," 
"Don’t call me Mel!" I shrieked in his face. "You aren't my friend, you don't get to call Mel." 
"Now is not the time to get emotional, Miss Greg," the senator chipped. I glared at him.
"We have your family. Bring Mr. Wilmore to us, and you'll get them back. You have twenty-four hours."
They both walked out; the senator and Inspector Grant, leaving me and Boss alone in the room. 
"I had no other choice." He wouldn't look at my face, everywhere, but not at me. I didn't answer him. I turned my back and left the office. 
In the hallway, I tried comporting myself knowing I was going outside to meet my guards. I wouldn’t want to answer the questions that'll arise if they saw I was crying. 
I spent about five minutes hanging around the hallway, thankfully, I didn't come in contact with anyone. When I was no longer feeling like I would burst into tears at any moment, I went to the restroom and washed my face, redoing my makeup. 
Outside, Alex was waiting in front of the car. 
"Alpha called," he watched me intently, "Said you were in trouble." 
I schooled my features not showing any of the turmoil I was feeling. 
"It's nothing, I'm okay." I got into the car. He stood by the door still watching me. He may have decided I was telling the truth since he finally locked the door and got into his seat in front. 
All through the drive back home, I spent it in my head, bouncing between the two available options. My family or my fated mate. 
Talk about hard choices. I believed I could do anything to make sure my family was safe, but giving someone else's life, not just anybody, but my mate’s life in exchange for theirs? The senator called it justice- one life for four. But it was so wrong. It was no different than what Damon did with his taster, and I gave him grief about that. 
Was one person's life worth more than another person? 
My answer was a capital NO. But this was my family. I didn't know what to do. 
Hurt, anger, fear, and guilt. They all battled within me. 
Hurt for the betrayal at the hands of people I've spent the last eight years of my life with. People I trusted enough to hand over the safety of my family. I thought working together in life and death situations were supposed to bind people together but I guess it didn't, because, at the slightest opportunity, they stabbed me. Anger also for the justice system. They couldn't handle their incompetence, so they're making an innocent man pay for it. Bastards.
Fear for my family. They were meant to be safe, now their safe house has become their prison. Then guilt because I knew I was going to betray Damon. I was going to trade him over for my family in less than 24 hours. 
My heart was breaking. Despite all my reservations and protest about us being fated mates, I looked forward to it. I looked forward to loving someone that loved me with equal fervor. I looked forward to having another family. A bigger one. Mira had grown on me. Malachi, even Malcolm that I'd had fewer interactions with, they've all grown on me. In just one week. 
The irony. 
A week ago, I was salivating for a chance to apprehend Damon, guilty or not. But now, I'm having a hard time letting him go in exchange for my family.
I took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. Crying now wouldn't solve the problem. I had to find a solution to my situation. Maybe I can have both Damon and my family? 
***
I picked my phone and dialed the number given to me. 
"Do you have him?" The Inspector asked. 
I pressed my lips in order not to snap at him. "No. I'm bringing him to my place in Conwan, Matic street--"
"I know the address, when?" 
"Give me an hour." 
"You're cutting it too close Agent."
 Yea I know, I just had one hour left to the deadline. 
"You'll come through the back door," I said and cut the call. 
Heart pounding in my chest, I was sweating despite the air conditioner turned on. 'I had to do this,' I kept telling myself. My family's life is on the line. I had to do it. He'll have done the same thing in my shoes. 
I snorted, when has that reasoning ever worked to absolve my guilt? No time.
I went into the bathroom and had a bath, trying to cool myself. It worked the trick. But for how long? I didn't know. 
I picked up my phone again, this time, I dialed Damon. 
"Tiger," his usually growly voice came through the phone, sending shivers down my body, part desire, part dread. 
"Hey, Damon," I said as casually as I could muster. "Can you come over to my parents' place? Just you." 
"Why?" He dragged the question out slowly.
I swallowed trying to wet my suddenly dried throat, "You have to come first." 
He was silent, I could feel his hesitation. I was gambling on the fact that he will listen to me for the simple fact that I'm his fated mate. His vow of anything he made at his office echoed in my mind, giving me more strength to hope.
"And Damon? Come alone-- please." My voice shook, leaking some of the desperation I was feeling into the last word. He didn't answer, but he cut the call. 
I sat down on the bed but immediately, I stood up and started pacing. I was too wound up to relax. 
Ten minutes later, a knock on the door made me jumped in fright. I wasn't expecting him anytime soon. Westown was an hour away.
Wary, I went to the door and peeked through the peephole. He was the one. I opened the door, 
"That was fast." I was proud my voice didn't betray me. 
"I was in the area," he said as he studied me. 
"Come in." I gave him a small smile, locking the door behind him but not before peeping outside to see if he brought anyone. I didn't see anyone, which made me miserable and relieved at the same time. It meant he trusted me, and I was about to break that trust.
"Come on," I took his hands. 
"Why am I here, Melissa?" He asked as I led his stiff body into my room
Seeing him in my room was a new experience. He made the room look so small. My room wasn't as big as the ones in the mansion, but it wasn't small, just standard size. He walked and sat at the edge of the bed still looking at me. He was in his usual white shirt and suit trousers. I took a deep breath and let it out before I forced the words out of my mouth. 
"I want to share my magic with you." 
With those words, I had his attention and with it, came his suspicion. His eyes flashed yellow for a moment then they returned to their normal creepy black.
"Are you sure?" 
I nodded. If I didn't make it alive after all this was over, I was going to hell. I was so sure of that. And even if I did make it, I was still going to hell. Damon will never forgive me for this. 
"Yes, I'm sure. And I wanted to do the first one here in my room." The lie flowed easier from my mouth. 
I moved closer to him and placed my hands on his broad chest, loving the feel of the heat that's begun to rise between us. Blood burn. 
A woman was about to lead him to his demise just like his ancestors. I ached. In a million years, I never thought that'd be me. Yes, I thought of being the one to bring him to justice, that was different, professional, justice. This, this was treachery, betrayal, and so not me or the kind of person I wanted to be. 
For a brief second, I thought about pulling out, confessing everything to him and hoping--, hoping what? That he’ll willingly give himself in exchange for my family? No, it was a gamble I wasn’t willing to make. 
"Show me," I whispered. 
He sat so still, his body hard like he was made of stone. But I knew better, he was struggling for control with the beast. 
With a strained growly voice, he said, "You put your hands on my forehead." 
I did as he asked, our skin heated on contact. My pulse quickened.
"Think of your magic as a tap and your hand as the mouth, then slowly open it." 
I closed my eyes, picturing a tap with my hands as the mouth, and I slowly opened it. I felt a weird sensation deep within me, it flowed through my body to my hands before reaching Damon's head. 
He groaned in pleasure as my magic flowed into him. I think I moaned too. The experience was totally different from when he shared his magic with me. I kept pouring into him, lost in the haze of pleasure coursing through us and I forgot I had a mission.  
The snap of the wooden frame under his hands brought me back to my senses. I was able to recover from the high a lot faster than he was, and while I kept channeling my magic into him, I used my other hand to fetch the dran gun in my back pocket concealed under my shirt. 
I raised the gun and pointed it at him, "I'm sorry, Damon." I pulled the trigger. 
He shook at the impact, but instead of falling and twitching as I intended, he staggered up from the bed and opened his eyes. 
"What?" His face was full of shock and pain when he saw I had the gun pointed at him.
"I'm sorry," I whispered, tears running down my cheeks as I shot him again on his chest, doing well to steer clear from his heart. He still didn't fall, instead, he was absorbing the magic from the dran. I shot again and discovered he was getting weak—not from the dran, but the blood loss, and I kept shooting till he fell. 
All the while I shot him, he just kept looking at me. His mouth opening and closing without uttering a word, hurt, and pain all over his face. That look will forever haunt me. I ran to him, chanting how sorry I was while securing him with the magic repellent handcuffs. His shirt was already a bloody mess, blood was everywhere. If I didn't do something fast, he'd be dead before I could rescue him. 
I ran to the kitchen where we kept our first aid box. Thanks to my father, we all knew how to administer first aid. I ran back and used the cloth I came back with to apply pressure on the wounds. They were too many of them, but I focused on the fatal ones and started cleaning them up, trying hard to stop the bleeding.
I was almost done when I started hearing noises through the back door. They’re here. I let out a curse, I haven't put the scent on him. I collected the scent container, rubbed the scent along his arms, face, and legs. I barely had time to hide the container before they barged into the room. 
I stood up drenched in blood and sweat and blocked Damon from view. 
"My family," I demanded when the Inspector came forward. 
He thrust out his chest and grinned. "I'm a man of my word, Miss Greg."
My fist tightened at my sides, "My family," I requested again. 
He sighed and brought out his tab. He handed it over to me. It was a video of the exchange I watched as they were handed over to Joe, and they entered into his car. 
Satisfied, I thought of smashing the offensive tab against the wall but I decided against it. I returned the tab to him. There was no need riling him seeing as I was about to hand over my mate to him. 
"Now it’s your turn," he said.
I stepped aside, exposing Damon to their view. He signaled his men, and two of them stepped forward to carry him. I allowed them to take Damon away. I didn't bother to hide the tears flowing from my eyes. I allowed them to take my mate away.
"You shouldn't be crying over him, Agent. He's a criminal. You are well aware of that." 
"You've gotten what you want, just go." I snapped at him.
"If it's any consolation, you just saved your city from the brink of a war." 
At what cost? My soul and my heart? If possible my body because Damon’s men wouldn’t take this with folded hands. They’ll be out for my blood. Mate or not. 
I watched silently as they left with my Damon packed in a body bag.
As soon as they were gone, I picked my phone and dialed another number.
"David?"
"Miss?" 
"It's time. Now."

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
23 hours earlier 
By the time we got back to the mansion, the morning was already old, 10 am by my time. Meaning I had till 10 am the next day to deliver Damon else my family will be in more danger than they were in now. Fear made me shiver at the thought. Who knew what kind of danger they were in now?  
But despite the urgency of the situation, the first thing I planned to do was sleep. 
Sleep solved a lot of problems, even if it couldn’t solve the one I wanted to solve most. That didn’t mean I wasn’t going to let it solve other problems. I’ll sleep, and when I wake up, I’ll solve the ones that were left behind.
A flash of inspiration had me striding past my room, tottering towards Damon’s. I didn't bother questioning why? I’ve decided I was no longer going to challenge my actions whenever it came to him. It was better and easier to go with the flow. Something I should have learned long ago, enjoying the little time we had instead of fighting it.
Better late than never right? Yes. Right now, my body says it needed Damon and since we couldn’t afford that luxury, his scent covered bed was the next best option.
I entered his room and my eyes as if by an unseen force went directly to the big bed. The bed could easily contain twenty persons without them having to touch themselves. It was that big. I hastily pulled off my jacket and shoes before sinking into the foam of perfection. Soft, big, and most of all, had my mate’s scent. 
I sighed in contentment as I drifted into what I’ll award the best sleep of the century if only it wasn’t plagued with nightmares of me and Damon and a stab in the back.

Four hours later, I woke up in a sweat, frightened that I'd slept past the deadline. My disorientation didn’t last long considering the afternoon sun was still high in the sky and the time on the nightstand read five minutes after two. I got up and went into the bathroom to refresh myself. 
Four hours were gone, twenty remaining. I needed to put my plan into action. I called the only person I could trust. Joe.
He picked on the first ring. 
"Hey, Mel."
"Joe, can we meet?" 
"Okay, where?" 
I thought about it, I couldn't ask him to come here, it was too risky, someone might overhear. And he wasn’t particularly fond of anything Damon. Also, I didn't want to leave Westown, I needed to be seen in order not to raise too many suspicions. 
"There's a restaurant named Full moon in Westown. Let's meet there." It was one of Damon's chains of restaurants. I knew that because I’d taken precious time to do some snooping around since coming into the mansion. It was pretty easy to find information if you know what you were looking for.
"Okay, I’ll meet you there." 

The car stopped in front of a three-story building. The front wall of the building was open, covered with clear glass and giving the diners a full view of the city. Full Moon was a popular restaurant in Westown, an expensive one too. Given its owner, there was no surprise. It was a reservation-only restaurant but being the mate to the Alpha has its perks.
I came out of the car and turned to my bodyguard, "Go do whatever you do, I'll call you when I'm done." He grunted a reply but I ignored him, already heading for the restaurant.  
I stalked into the plush restaurant, my heels clicking against the marble floor. I nodded to the bouncer at the door. I had already seen Joe from outside through the glass, so I set a course directly for his table. 
"Mel," he stood up to hug me. I fell into his arms taking in a whiff of his cologne that was nice and familiar. It took everything not to burst into tears. In the past, it was a matter of crying, and Joe would be on his feet trying to solve my problems. But that was then-- High school. Trying to make my way in the syndicate made me learn to depend on myself and solve my problems. So I wasn't expecting him to solve this one for me, I just needed his help.
"Hey, Joe. How are you doing?" I pulled from his embrace and he pulled out a seat for me. 
"I'm good. You're moving with bodyguards now?" He motioned towards the door where Alex stood together with the bouncer. 
I frowned, I told him to go do whatever he did, and I’ll call him when I was done. Then again, he might not do anything except guard me. 
I sighed. "Long story." 
"Well, we have the time.” 
When I took too long to answer, he took it upon himself to ask the question, “What's going on between you and Damon?" His tone though light, he looked at me accusingly.
"Can we talk about that later? I need your help." 
"Mel," my name came out as a warning and also out of frustration.
"Please? I promise I'll tell you once everything is over." Once I had my family and Damon back. Hopefully.
He sighed in defeat, "Okay, what do you want." 
I opened my mouth to spill but closed it back when I saw a waiter approaching. 
"Miss," he bowed low to me. 
Inwardly, I groaned. I mean I could handle this kind of treatment in the mansion. But at a restaurant too? My eyes scanned the rest of the diners checking if anyone noticed the waiter’s weird behavior. Joe sure did. I ignored his raised eyebrows and focused on the waiter. 
"What can I get you?" He had no ring in his eyes but he wasn't a non-magi, neither was he an azpis or sylph. Before now, I’ll have made that wrong assumption. He was part of the shapeshifters community that existed before the darkness. The original magi. 
Nothing gave him away, but since waking up from death’s door, I seemed to have gotten this internal magical radar that could detect anything magi. 
"Nothing," I told the waiter. I wasn't here to eat, not in the mood to eat and that was precisely why I chose here. They wouldn't drive me away just because I wasn't ordering something. 
“Or, just get us wine." 
"Very well, Miss," he bowed low again before he disappeared.
"Please don't." I held my hands out at Joe, "I said I'll tell you later." 
He looked reluctant for a second before he conceded, "Okay, continue." 
"The Syndicate kidnapped my family." I blurted, not wanting to drag it any further. Joe stared at me mouth open, actually, his lips were moving, but no sound was coming out. 
"What?" He shouted in alarm once he was able to regain his voice.
"Shush. Keep it down." I looked around seeing he has attracted attention our way.
"Boss?"
I nodded hesitantly, knowing he wasn’t going to like this part. Joe was closer to Boss than I was. Maybe it had to do with the fact that they were both men? I don’t know. Not that I gave it much thought. 
"He called me to his office this morning. He was there with Inspector Grant and the head senator for the magi’s council."
Eyebrows squished together, he looked at me confused, "Why will he kidnap your family? I don't understand Mel." 
"They want me to give Damon in exchange for them."
"Why?" He pressed.
"You guys told me that the non-magi think Damon is their killer and we're hiding him. They're jeering for a civil war something the magi council don't want, so they're giving up Damon to stop the war."
"Fuck!" 
Yea, that summed everything. Fuck!
The waiter returned, with a female server this time. He dropped the bottle on the table and two glasses. Then he opened the drink and poured it into another small glass he came with. I didn't realize what he was going to do until he handed the glass over to the girl who poured the contents down her throat.
A taster. 
I tensed, my pulse speeding but I feared making a scene in front of Joe so I settled for grinding my teeth underneath as I watched her nod her head and bow at me before leaving. I wasn’t going to put up with people tasting my food before I ate it. It was a deal-breaker. But I accepted the glass and drank from it, the person I was to take this matter out on wasn’t here, so there was no need to make innocent workers pay for his crimes.
"So what will you do? You need my help kidnapping Damon?" Joe’s eyes turned determined, ready to throw his neck on the line for me. I need to kidnap one of the most powerful men in Broston. And he’s like, where do I sign up? Best friend forever.   
I shook my head trying to accommodate the surge of gratitude heavy in my chest. "No." 
He was silent for a minute, "You are giving him to them, right?”
“Right? Mel?” he asked when I couldn’t answer.
"It isn't right," I said, attempting to convince myself and him. It wasn't right. No matter how I looked at it. Even if Damon was just nobody to me-- which he wasn't, it was still wrong. 
"Now's not the time to start thinking of right or wrong Mel, this is your family." 
When I didn't respond he asked, "What time did they give you?" 
"Twenty four hours as at 10:00 am." 
"That's a little time." 
"I know. Maybe we can find where they're being kept hostage and break them out?" That was very unlikely, but I had to try. 
Joe looked at me like I've grown double heads. "You want to go against the syndicate for a criminal?"
He was more than a criminal. 
"A criminal is always a criminal. Except you start having feelings." 
I blanched, I didn't know I said that out loud. And I could see the question in his eyes, “Are you falling for him?”
"I was trying to see my options first."
"I don't see any other option here Mel, there isn't time for that. What you should start thinking of is how you'll get Damon to them." 
That wasn't my problem. My problem was getting Damon back from them. If I was going through with this, I must get Damon back even though it kills me. It was a vow.
"I need you to help me take my family, and disappear after the exchange." 
He opened his mouth, and for the second time today, no words came out. That was a record. 
“What?” 
“What I want you to do is to take my family and disappear. At least for this period.”
"What about you?” he asked. “Surely Damon's men would be on your throat once they discover what you've done." 
"Let me deal with that." They won't hurt me until Damon is safe. I hoped so. 
"I don't like this Mel. Something tells me you're going to do something foolish" 
Like rescuing Damon from the government? Yea. But who doesn’t do something foolish? 
"Don't worry. I don't have much time. I need to do other things. I'll call to give you the location tomorrow." I stood to leave. 
"I won't change your mind, will I?" He stood up with me. "We can all disappear once this is over. Between both of us, we have the money. We don't need to work again." True, the syndicate paid well.
I smiled sadly at him, "I need to do this Joe. Don't worry, I'll be safe." Hopefully. 
I hugged him and immediately left the restaurant. 
Inside the car, I looked at Alex through the front mirror. "I want to speak with David." 
If he was surprised, he didn't show it.
"He's part of the Alpha's security." I suspected, but I had a feeling Alex could pull it off.  
“I need to see him.”
"He'll be at the mansion since Alpha is at the Pack"
Curiosity got the better of me, "At the Pack? What does he do in the Pack?" 
"Many things, it's like a second home. His beast needs to be in the wild from time to time else he'll grow mad."
That was news, though I still didn't understand what they meant about the beast. 
"Okay, take me to the mansion and bring David to me." 
One would say I've fallen into my supposed role too easily and too quickly, commanding and demanding. But I'll put that up to being a team leader, used to giving commands. 
***
I met David at the library as requested. 
He bowed low as he saw me. David, like other guards, was huge. Not as tall as Alex, but almost twice as large. Yet human instinct, the instinct that was attuned to danger warns you of Alex first before David. I didn't know what it was, but my bodyguard screamed danger with his lean frame than most other huge guards. 
"David." I greeted him while I motioned for Alex to excuse us. 
I walked David to the back of the library towards the open balcony where I first learned of fated mates, and I discovered I had one. 
"What happened to the dead bodies we left at the scene," I asked. David was the person we told to follow the scent trail of the dead bodies when our attackers came to collect them from the restaurant. 
"Dead end. It was a funeral service company that took them to bury." I nodded. The people we were dealing with were always a step ahead of us, thinking of everything. But back to the main reason why I called him.
"How good is your sense of smell?" I was playing a risky game using Damon's men, but it was a risk I'll gladly take. They were the only ones that'll readily give their lives to save him. 
"It's the best in the pack," he said with a hint of pride in his voice. 
"And you follow a trail perfectly?” 
He nodded, “Provided it has a scent.”
“What things can you scent very well?" 
"Anything unique. As far as it lasts longer in the air, I'll be able to track it,” he wanted to say something but he was hesitating so I raised my brows at him. 
“We have hellhounds for that if you need to track anything." 
I shook my head, I didn’t know how a hellhound worked, and the image of big dogs prowling the city and sniffing the air didn’t sit well with me. "Don't worry. You'll do. I'll call you tomorrow when I need you." 
He bowed, "Okay Miss" then he left.
"And David?" he turned back. "Keep this a secret." 
His eyes narrowed in suspicion but I turned away to look at the view outside. 
***
Present 
After summoning David, I called Alex.
"Miss" 
"Alex, how many guards are in my security team?" They were eight with the entourage yesterday. 
"There are twenty." Whoa, that much? Who needed twenty guards? 
Right now, Me.
"Can you gather them and come to my home address?" 
He let out a curse, "Are you in trouble?" I could hear him barking orders through the phone. 
"No," I rushed to assure him, “I'm okay.”
I made him promise to stay back at the mansion when I left. Sneaking away was just impossible since he shadowed me everywhere I went. 
“But I'll need enough manpower." Storming a base or wherever they kept Damon was going to take both stealth and force. The idea was to go in quickly and be out before they could call for backup.   
"I can get more men," he offered. 
I wanted to refuse, but what the hell! "Bring them." 
"Right away" he cut the call.  
A few minutes later, David knocked on the door, and I ushered him in. 
Immediately as he stepped inside, his nose turned up sniffing the air. I didn’t need a nose like his to know what he smelled-- blood. His Alpha’s blood to be precise since the whole house reeked of it. He visibly shuddered and I watched with heart pounding in my chest as more shivers racked his frame. 
This was so not the plan, not at all. I took a step back, frightened as he let out a guttural growl. He had already figured it out-- too early.
The plan was to tell him to follow the scent trail only disclosing a few details to him. Details that just happened not to include who we were trying to find, that would have come in much later. But now, with Damon’s blood in the air, there was no explaining to him. I needed a plan B. 
David looked at me, his glowing eyes promising murder. 
“I can explain.” I took another step back, my instinct screaming at me to run. 
“David, I can explain,” but he wasn’t listening. He let out another growl, his frame growing bigger. My feet decided for me. I ran. Not that there was anywhere to run to-- most of the rooms were locked and the seconds it will take me to open them will just about cost me my life. My room was the only one open. I ran in and locked it. 
A well-placed blow and the door splintered.
David was on me in a flash, "What have you done to him?" he snarled. His hands wrapped around my neck and he lifted me. I summoned my magic and pushed him back. 
“I can explain,” I shouted but he was past reasoning. He flew at me again, blurring, he landed a blow on my head knocking me to the floor. I laid there, dazed from the impact, my head felt so heavy. 
He walked up to me and dragged me up, pinning me against the wall. “What did you do to him?” 
I placed my hands on his shoulders and pushed him back. Figuring he wouldn’t bulge at my weak attempt but I was surprised when he flew crashing to the other side of the room. My wide eyes mirrored his shocked look. What just happened? I remembered doing the same to Inspector Grant. Was I getting physically stronger? And how possible was that?
"Your eyes," he stammered and before looking down. "They're yellow." 
"Yellow?" My eyes were green not yellow. I rushed to the bathroom and peered into the mirror, true, my eyes were yellow and glowing just like Damon's own did.  
"What did you do to the Alpha?" he stood by the door to the bathroom bristling with contained fury. He would love to tear me apart. The pounding in my head from the blow had lessened to a great extent. My eyes changing yellow had something to do with it. 
"It's not what it looks like," I said, wincing at my very annoying cliché. "Okay, it is what it looks like, but we have to get him back. There's no time. You can kill me later, but let's get him back." I pleaded.
"Who took him?" He growled.
"Inspector Grant." I could have easily said the syndicate but I've been going over something in my mind, call it a hunch but something tells me that Damon wasn't going through any legal process a criminal was supposed to undergo. 
"Can you track the scent?" I pointed to the scent bottle I pushed under the bed when the police arrived. 
“I can track the blood,” he snapped. I winced again, this time in guilt. It wasn’t like I enjoyed shooting Damon repeatedly. I didn’t enjoy shooting him at all.
A knock on the door, more like a bang had David giving me a questioning look. 
"I think it's Alex." I went to open the door. 
Alex came in with four other shifters, not proteus but the original shapeshifters. 
"What happened here?" he asked the same question David asked, but with less anger, more curiosity. 
David came out from the room, "Alpha has been taken." 
I expected him to attack me as David did, but he pinned me with his non-glowing eyes.
"You?" 
"We need to get him first before any other thing," I said, much calmer than I felt. 
He turned to David, "Where did they take him?" 
"I’m about to find out." 
Alex came over to me, "Let's go. I'm taking you somewhere safe."
"Stop it," I said as he dragged me towards the door. He kept pushing me so I punched him with my magic sending him into the air, he crashed into the ceiling while the other four guards closed in on me.
"Don't," I growled, an honest to God growl. They stopped in their tracks, wearing similar expressions of shock on their faces. 
Alex jumped down snarling, "Now's not the time to be stubborn, Miss."
"Alex," One of the men called. 
"What?"
"Her eyes are yellow." 
Alex turned to look at me, but quickly averted his gaze just like David did. 
"The bond is almost complete" he muttered, "That's the more reason we need to keep you safe. You can't be out in the open at this time," he growled.
I glared at him, "I'm going to rescue Damon, and that's final." 
I turned back to David. "Lead the way." 
After a very frustrating, tense hour, we got to a fenced building in Blueway. The streets were deserted, and apart from a few gated houses around, it was very isolated. Perfect for keeping a hostage or prosecuting innocent people.
We came down from the car. The rest of the men Alex brought were waiting on the other street, ready to come in at a moment's notice. 
"This is where the scent stops?" I asked. 
He nodded and pointed to the compound. "He's in there." 
I looked at the compound again. The fence was so high that you couldn't see anything, and they had cameras mounted everywhere making it possible to see anybody coming from a 100ft distance.
"What do we do?" I asked Alex. 
"None of the guards here have a small animal form that will be able to go undetected by the cameras. And once they see us coming, they might move him to another location or worse kill him." 
"We need someone that can make illusions," David said. 
"Manipulators?" I asked. The only manipulator I knew was Malachi, and I didn't want to involve him in this. 
"No. manipulators only create illusions if they have a hold on the person's mind. We need a witch."
"Okay, where can we find one?" At this point, nothing fazed me. If they said we needed a god to save Damon, we’ll get one. One way or the other.
"We can't trust them," Alex said as David wanted to say something.
"What is it?" I asked him. 
"There's a witch coven in Broston."
"But they can't be trusted," Alex said again, "Not especially with this." 
"So what other option do we have?"
"We can teleport inside. But we'll be going in blindly." 
David spoke, "Miss" I turned to him, "Beta needs to know about this." 
"She's Alpha." Alex glared at David.
"But she's out of her league here."
"You'll respect the Alpha." Alex stared down David.
I didn't understand what they were arguing about. "Who's Beta?" I turned to Alex, “What do you mean I’m Alpha?”
"Your eyes changed yellow, meaning you’ve mated with Damon even if the bond is not complete. Beta is the second-in-line." 
"I know what a beta is. Who is he? I thought it was Malachi." 
"No. His name is Kane Maxwell." David said.
The name tugged at a memory in my head. I remembered someone introducing himself as Kane Maxwell to me but I just couldn’t remember where? I pushed it to the back of my mind. Later.  
"Well, we don't need more people involved until we get Damon back. Let's go see those witches. How long will it take to get there?" 
"These people can't be trusted," Alex complained again. 
"Do we have any other option?" I asked again.
Just then, the gate to the compound opened. We quickly squatted down behind the car to avoid being seen. 
"Shit," Alex cursed. 
I looked up to see what had him cursing. 
Damon stood in front of the gate.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Ferocious, imposing, bloody, and shirtless. Damon stood in front of what was supposed to be a gate, but now it was on the ground, ripped out of its hinge. Slowly, we stood up from where we hid behind the car. I should make myself scarce, but my feet kept moving towards Damon against my better judgment. The need to make sure he was okay weighed on me like lead in my guts. The distance between us was covered in seconds, it was like I disappeared and appeared at Damon’s side. But I didn’t teleport. Hell, I didn’t know if I could teleport again. This was one of the many weird changes I’ve been experiencing since waking up.
Now that I was in front of Damon I didn’t know what to do with myself. 
“Damon?” I called out and tensed when he focused on me. 
He wasn’t looking before, just staring out into the open while tremors rocked his body. But now, he was looking and I almost wished he wasn’t. His eyes were still black, not that it made me feel any better. Staring into them felt like someone else was watching from within. His eyes always had that effect, but it felt so real this time.
“Damon?” I called out in a softer tone. My throat was clogged with emotions I couldn’t explain. Even if I could, I wouldn’t know where to start. The guilt for what I did? The relief that was making my knees weak because he was safe? Or was it the fear? Fear for how he would react-- or not react since all he’s done was stare at me. 
“Complete the bond.” 
My eyes widened at the request. “Damon?”
“Complete the bond,” he growled. 
“Now?”
“Yes. Now. Complete it.” His eyes held mine as they matched the finality in his tone, “Or leave.” 
I went still. For a moment, I could swear that my heart stilled too, instead, it was my ears pounding as it kept repeating Damon’s last phrase.
“Leave?” My mouth joined in the chanting.
“I was clear enough.”
I shook my head, “You said you wouldn’t force me.”
He smiled and I knew it was bad, that bad because he was giving me the not so welcome smile.
“And how convenient was it that you didn’t promise not to betray me. You didn’t keep your word, considering there was no word to keep.” His eyes flashed yellow. “Twice. Made a fool twice by the same woman. And it just happens she’s the only one I can’t kill.” he chuckled, “The irony. I must have done something hideous in my past life to deserve this.” To deserve you, his eyes seemed to say. 
“I’m sorry.” Too short, too simple, too inadequate, but that was all I could say. When it came down to it, that’s all the guiltiest person on this planet would say. Which at the moment was me. 
“I’m sorry Damon, but I had no choice.” And this too. At this point, my vocabulary was limited to these two phrases. My heart has taken over my brain and at the moment, it was aching and breaking meaning I was aching and breaking too.    
“If I remember correctly, you had a choice.”
My family or my mate. “That was not a choice, Damon.”
“I’ll have picked you.”
“No.” I shook my head vigorously, a lump forming in my throat. “You’re lying.” He has to be.
He tilted his head to the side, “You don’t get it, do you? You are my fate, my future, my destiny, my mate, the other half of me. Mine!” He snarled the last word. With each word, my heart raced faster, beat louder, it was painful as if it was about to explode.
“You, Melissa Greg was the reason I woke up every morning up to this day. You are the promise of peace-- at last. You are my savior--- or was meant to be.” 
His eyes turned sad and weary, no, they went vacant. His posture sagged, “So don’t tell me I’m lying when I say I’ll pick you over everyone else.”
I whimpered, “I’m sorry Damon. I’m so sorry,” I took hesitant steps towards him. 
“Complete the bond, Melissa.” 
Hands that were going to cup his chin dropped to my sides. What he was asking for wasn’t unfounded. It was totally justifiable. But as he said, he had years to prepare for this, prepare for me. I just had a week and even if I felt it to my bones that this was right, that we were meant for each other, my brain and mind needed the time to be convinced. My heart was halfway there. 
“Can we at least get back to the mansion?” I pleaded.
He stared silently at me, “I see what you’re doing. Stalling. But Melissa, I won’t be played by you the third time.”
“I won’t betray you the third time,” I vowed, feeling a spark of hope ignite my insides. We might be able to work it out.
“Forgive me if I don’t believe your words any longer.” And the spark just died, my lungs constricted in pain. It became hard to breathe.
“Damon?” I choked out. If I was expecting any sympathy from him, I didn’t get any. His eyes were still vacant and cold like he was oblivious to whatever his words were doing to me.
“We’ll go to the mansion and we’ll complete the bond.” 
He walked past me to the car, leaving me to trail behind him, heartbreaking and with a painful lump in my throat. All caused by me. 
***
“Sir, we’re being followed,” David said breaking the one-hour silence in the car. It was just the four of us now; Damon and me with Alex and David in the car. We ditched the men Alex brought with him to help in the rescue along the way, apparently they stayed at the pack and not the mansion. 
Now, we were at the outskirts of Westown heading for the mansion. And somehow, I wished we could get there faster and slower. I was so ready to escape the tension that has been hanging over the car throughout the ride. It was so thick in the air, that it was suffocating me. The silence didn’t help matters. Instead of feeling relieved after seeing my family and Damon safe, I felt trapped and I couldn’t wait to get to the mansion even if I knew I had another problem waiting for me. 
“How long?” Damon asked.
“Since the others left us."
I peered back to confirm, a black tinted car was on our tail. Considering this road led to a few places-- one of them being Damon’s mansion, it was safe to say we were being followed. 
“Keep going,” Damon said, ever so calm. He was no longer shirtless. As Shapeshifters, they usually kept spare clothes in all their cars. Who knew? Proteus like Joe didn’t need to change clothes after a transformation. Their animal form came purely by magic and not the metamorphosis of their bone structure like the original shapeshifters. 
“And if it keeps following?” I asked him.
“Then we’ll find out what they want at the mansion.” 
David continued driving as instructed, and the car kept tailing us.  
“Sir,” David called, “We’re about to get ambushed.” 
“What?” Cold fear gripped me. I wasn’t exactly a fan of ambush since the last ambush that almost ripped my family away was still fresh in my mind. 
Damon covered my hands with his, “It’s okay.” 
A wave of calmness washed over me and I relaxed immediately.
“Stop.” I tensed, “Allow me to feel what I feel.”
“Your panicking won’t help us in this case.” 
He addressed David, “Pull over.”
The car came to a stop and we came down. In front of us was a barricade of black cars, but no one in sight.
“Stay inside, Tiger.” I should be happy that I was back to being called Tiger but if it meant being over-pampered and over-protected, I wasn’t. 
I scowled at Damon, “I’m coming with you.” 
He frowned at me, I glared back. When he saw I was resolute, he let out a long sigh, “Stay close to me, no matter what.”
I nodded. With Damon’s shield around us, the four of us came out into the open and headed for the cars which without hesitation opened too. 
Five people came out from the cars; three men and two women. Their carriage and posture screamed power. They had power, wealth, and magic. It was evident. Even inside the shield, I could still feel the weight of their combined magic. It was like a fog in the air but instead of distorting vision, it weighed down on you that it became difficult breathing. 
By my side, Damon clenched his fist and unclenched it successively, like he couldn’t wait to get his hands on them. 
“Who are they?” I asked.
“The council,” he said through clenched teeth.
“Sir, shouldn’t we call for backup?” David asked.
“Let’s see what they want first.”
The five members of the council stopped a few feet from where we stood. The man in the middle took a step forward, indicating he was the leader of the group, he had a smirk on his face.
Recognition flickered in my mind as I took in his face, the green ring glowing around his irises. Rufus Kaid, Head of magi sub-council. Was he here to arrest Damon after his escape? I looked at the other four. The man to the left was the tallest, his iris was glowing with a white ring. The other man had a red ring in his iris. The two females didn’t have rings in their iris. Here I hoped that they were both azpis but it was very unlikely. One has to be a sylph. 
A heavy weight settled in my stomach. We were outnumbered and outpowered. Even they knew it, going by the expression on their faces. 
“Nice of you to join us, Wilmore. Were you going back home?”
The others chuckled at the inside joke. 
“What do you want Kaid?” Damon growled. 
Rufus Kaid smiled, “You. Dead.” 
I moved in front of Damon, my protective instinct surging at the mention of Damon’s death. 
Not if I had a say. 
Unfortunately, that brought Rufus Kaid’s attention my way.
He looked down and smiled lewdly, “The sex can’t be that good, Agent.” His friends chuckled again. I sighed looking bored. Their intimidation tactics needed working on. I’d seen better at the syndicate. This was for high school, not an ambush where you’re trying to make people scared to death. 
I opened my mouth to answer, but my overbearing mate lifted me-- literally, and placed me behind David and Alex. 
“Stay back,” he snarled. His eyes were glowing yellow. I glared into his eyes and felt a surge of power rise within me. It must have been an effect of his own yellow eyes, or I was just plain angry at being treated like I was glass, my eyes turned yellow and I snarled back.
“I can protect myself.”
We held our eyes, glaring at each other. The weight of his stare no longer threatened to pull down like it always did before, instead, they were drawing me in and despite the situation we were in, a tingling of desire slithered down my spine. 
Damon’s lip slowly curved into a smile, “You are my mate. A powerful one.” 
I still scowled at him to make sure my point was passed across. I pushed between David and Alex and came out to stand beside Damon. 
The senators stood looking at us with newfound interest. They saw the interaction between me and Damon. 
“You’re asking for what I can’t give you Kaid. You should take your pets and run along before you make me angry.”
The four cheerleaders glared at Damon for calling them pets while Rufus Kaid chuckled, “You and what army? Two bodyguards and an agent with an average skill set?” It was my turn to scowl at him. I’ll show him my average skill-set. 
Damon was silent for a moment. “Who’s the killer?”
The question had me whipping my head to face Damon. Really? Now? Shouldn’t we take care of this threat first before we began investigating the killer again? Those were the questions my face held, and like in the car, he held my hands communicating too with his eyes that it was going to be okay. I checked for any sign of unnatural calm, nothing. I smiled at him and nodded. 
“I thought you have already figured that out?” Rufus Kaid said with a smirk.
Damon nodded, “I have. I just need to hear you say it out so that when I kill you, she’ll know you deserved it.” 
She meaning me. I smiled sweetly, too sweetly at the senator when his eyes flickered in my direction.
“Alright, I’ll humor you. I’m not the killer, none of us here are. But we orchestrated it,” he smiled looking proud at his accomplishment. “You didn’t see that one coming did you? The all-powerful Damon Wilmore.” he laughed. 
“Why?” Damon ignored his taunt. I thought this guy was just an inferior brat with a case of superiority complex. What with his trying to look big and all-wise?
“Why. Why?” He whirled to his cheerleaders. They didn’t fail, each of them chuckled and snorted. He turned back to us, “Why Wilmore? Because of you of course.” 
“You see Agent Greg, we, no I offered Wilmore a seat in the council. I offered him power, he’ll have been one of the most powerful men, after me that is. We could have ruled together and ousted the duds out of power.”
“The duds?” I asked.
His nose turned up in disgust, “Those non-magi that pose as if they have rights. We are superior. We have magic and they don’t. They should serve us.” 
Add god complex to the list. 
“But you know what?” The question was directed to Alex who looked as bored as a wood, “Damon turned down my offer and threatened me. Remember what I told you?” He asked Damon. “You will pay for that insult.”
“So you caused all these troubles just to make sure Damon pays?” 
“No. Yes. Let’s just call it killing two birds with one stone, three birds,” he laughed. 
“You killed the senators who had much sway in the council, stopped the dran bill, and framed Damon for it all.” I helped him list his achievement. No harm is done if I inflate his already big ego. Well, except his head grows big and just bursts from too much pride, then it’ll be an advantage to us.
“I can see why Damon is so enamored with you. You’ve got it all; beauty and brains, the brawns too.” Ha! Take that Mira. 
Rufus Kaid’s eye glistened with interest, “You can still save yourself, Agent. Join me.” 
Damon growled, the first true reaction the senator has been able to get from him. I turned to him and took his hands, squeezing them gently in assurance. I faced the senator again, his eyes were on our joined hands, “Let me think about it,” I pretended to maul over his offer and grinned, Oh sorry, I’m right where I want to be.”
His face twisted in rage, “You will pay for that. I will make sure you die slowly while pounding that tight ass of yours.” His threat had me moving closer to Damon. Even his female cheerleaders looked sick at the vision his words created.
“You are dead,” Damon told him, his voice flat and that was how we all knew he meant it.     
Rufus Kaid looked unsure for a moment, “You are confident for someone that’s been attacked without your usual entourage of guards.” 
Damon chuckled, “And you are too talkative for someone dead.”
“You’re stalling is it not? You think you can stand in that shield of yours and wait for the backup to arrive? You’re wrong. Nobody is coming. That little mansion of yours should be on fire by now. Everyone is dead. I told them to keep that sister of yours though. Then I’ll keep the Agent alive also. I can see she means something to you.”
 
CHAPTER NINETEEN
The news of the mansion being attacked came as a shock to me, but as I looked around our four, they didn’t express the same shock. They knew.
“Is it true?” I asked Alex. 
He nodded.
“This is so fucked up,” because secretly, I too was waiting for the backup.   
“Language, Tiger. And don’t worry, I’m getting us out of here.” 
He bent and took my face in his hands, “I swear it.”
“Do they still believe you’re an azpis?” 
“Yea. They need to, if not they won’t dare attack. They’re a bunch of cowards who I’m sure would be relying on Seraphina to win.”
“Seraphina is the sylph?” 
“Yea. And a powerful one. We’ll need to take her out first.” 
“You mean to kill?” I began to shake my head. 
“Don't,” Damon warned. “It’s kill or be killed. Look at them, they won’t hesitate to kill you.”
My lips trembled, and with a whisper, I confessed, “I haven’t killed anyone before.”
The look Damon gave me was so tender that it had me wanting to fall into his arms. What was wrong with me? We were in the middle of a war for crying out loud.
“You can stay here then, I’ll keep the shield to protect you.” 
I shook my head in protest. The idea of staying back while others went to fight for our lives didn’t sit well with me.
“I can’t let you go out there alone.” 
He chuckled, “Do you know what I’m capable of? I can take on them alone.” 
“Sir?” Alex and David called out in protest at his statement. 
Damon looked at them. “Yes, I’m going out alone. The both of you will protect my mate here with your life.”
They wanted to protest again but Damon gave them the alpha look that had them lowering their eyes. Well, the eye thing no longer worked for me so I glared at him, “You can’t go out there alone. There’s fire, and earthquake, if not earthquake something else Rufus Kaid can conjure, then there’s a shield and a freaking sylph out there. All of them are powerful. I can feel it. So you can’t go out there just so you can kill yourself. I refuse-- Are you smiling?” 
“You’re worried.”
“Of course I’m worried.” It doesn’t take a genius to figure it out. 
He bent down, and before I could react, he took my mouth in a searing kiss. 
Oh my God! 
The contact of his lips on mine sent a rush of pleasure unlike I’ve ever felt all over my body, heating my blood to the extent that my skin burned where it made contact with his. I wrapped my hands in front of his shirt and used it as leverage to draw closer to him, wanting to eliminate any distance between us. He kissed me like I was magic and he was magic-starved. 
With a growl, he pulled away from me, both of us heaving as we took in deep breaths that we deprived ourselves of. 
“Wow.”
He grinned, “It took you a kiss to share your magic with me for the second time?”
I blanched, “I didn’t.”  
His eyes glowed bright, “You did. I feel high on magic.” His black eyes shined so brightly, and his skin took on a fresher tone.
“Then I wasn’t aware I did it.”
He sobered, “Do you regret it? I know I said you should complete the bond, but you can take your time if you want to.”
Did I regret it? I shook my head, “No, I don’t. I don’t regret it, I may have been skeptical, but I don’t regret it.”
“I’m glad. Now you’ll wait for me in here while I deal with them,” he pointed at the senators waiting outside.
I scowled, “I didn’t agree to anything.”
“I know, I can just kiss you again,” he winked at me. 
My breath quickened and my tongue darted out to lick my lips. His eyes followed the movement and he looked like he wanted to do just that.
“Okay enough of the show, unless you plan on inviting me?”
My lips curled in disgust as I turned to take in Rufus Kaid leering at me, “Pig.”
Damon lowered the shield and walked out, putting it back again before any of us could move. 
“Damon!” I yelled. I was mad at him for being reckless. He didn’t answer me, his attention focused on the five senators before him.  
“Let’s finish this,” he told Rufus Kaid.     
“So arrogant,” Rufus smirked and instantly a shield shimmered in front of him, protecting them. 
Trepidation in waves washed over me, Rufus couldn’t fight inside a shield neither could the rest of them. So what game were they playing? 
A shuffle in the forest had me turning in that direction. “Alex, is that what I think it is?” 
“Yes Miss, they had soldiers hiding in the bush.”
The soldiers in question came out of their hiding place pointing dran guns at Damon. He didn’t spare them a glance, even when they surrounded him.
“Say goodbye, Wilmore, it’s over,” Rufus smiled.
I watched in shock when the first shot rang out and Damon jerked as it struck him. What the hell? Another one was fired, still hitting him. Why wasn’t he moving? The shots kept coming, and he did nothing to block them, even if it meant raising a shield.
“Damon!” I yelled, he didn’t answer me. He didn’t even acknowledge that he heard me.   
“Why isn’t he moving?” I asked the two men with me. 
“I don’t know, Miss. We have to get out of here and help him.” 
“How?” We were enclosed in a shield. 
Frantic, I started pounded at the shield, nothing. David tried, Alex tried. All we succeeded in doing was wasting our energy. Meanwhile, the soldiers kept closing in on Damon.
This just couldn’t be happening. I kept beating on the shield commanding Alex and David to keep doing the same. 
Rufus came out of his shield when it was obvious Damon wasn’t going to do anything. He was already a bloody mess and barely standing. The image reminded me of my betrayal. 
He held Damon by the head and landed a blow to his face. Damon fell to the ground. I screamed tears ran down my face. This couldn’t be happening. Rufus smiled, looked at me, and kicked Damon in his stomach. 
Blood flew from Damon’s mouth, the shield weakened for a moment only to strengthen back.
“Miss,” Alex called, I turned to face them. Their eyes filled with worry for their Alpha, “Use your bond.” 
“How?”
He looked clueless, “I don’t know, but try something.”
I looked at Damon, he still laid on the floor unmoving. Use my bond, how? I searched deep for my magic, and I felt it respond. But that was my magic, not the bond. 
Rufus kicked at Damon again and a string in me snapped. I knew the moment my eyes went yellow. Magic rushed over me and something started pounding in my chest. 
With these changes came knowledge. I remembered how Damon taught me to share my magic with him the first time. I closed my eyes. This had to work. I envisioned a connection between Damon and me. We were connected, I could feel it. I envisioned a string holding us together. As the image became clearer in my mind, I envisioned the connection to be like a tube, and I opened the two ends.
A mistake, I howled and fell to the floor as pain swept my body, such intense pain that my head ached and I lost the connection. 
“Miss, are you alright?” Alex asked.
I nodded, I did it, but I did it wrong. The pain I felt was Damon’s. I stood up to try again. Rufus was still taunting and kicking Damon on the floor. 
I knew it was the sick and twisted joy that the senator derived from Damon’s pain that was still keeping him alive. It gave me some comfort, knowing our nemesis was a sadist with a god complex. He’ll drag this scene out as much as he can, which was extra time for me to figure things out.
I shut out everything and closed my eyes again. This time, it was easier to see the bond. But instead of opening both ends, I opened only my end of the connection and sent my magic through the line to Damon’s end, opening it only when the magic has gotten to him, then I’ll close it. I kept doing it over and over again, sending my magic to him. 
“Miss,” someone called, but I was too far to answer. 
“Miss,” the voice came again, closer this time. Who was disturbing me? I tried blocking it out and kept sending magic down the line.
“Miss,” I shook at the impact. My eyes opened.
“What?” I asked tiredly. I was so tired. Why was I tired?
My gaze cleared to see Alex standing in front of me with concern on his face. 
“You were giving too much.”
I was giving Damon magic. I shifted to look out, Damon was no longer on the floor. Instead, it was Rufus Kaid lying dead. Damon was nowhere to be found. 
“Is he dead?” 
“No, Damon drained him once he woke up.”
I couldn’t find Damon. Where was he? 
“Where is Damon?”
He shrugged, “He turned invisible.” 
Invisible? Is there a power like that? A power that made people turn invisible? Still, I searched around hoping to find him.
The soldiers were disoriented, seeing as they couldn’t find their assailant. Suddenly, the ground under their feet trembled and opened. They’ve been rumors of powerful elementals opening the ground to swallow up armies but they’ve been just that, rumors. This was the first time something like this was happening. We all watched, awe on our faces, horror on the senators’ as the soldiers fell inside the pits, screaming. Then the ground trembled and closed over them. 
The senators turned tails and ran.
“Going somewhere?” Damon appeared in front of them. At the same time, our shield fell off, setting us free from our cage. I called it a cage because it stopped us from getting to Damon when we needed to. 
I immediately ran to Damon’s side. The senators had their shield up once again. 
“Why weren’t you moving?” I yelled at him. Fear, anger, and relief raging in my insides, but anger was winning. “You just stood there and let them beat you to death?”
He wrapped me in a hug, “I was caught in a witch spell, Tiger. Thank you for saving me.” I did what I’ve always wished to do. I hugged him tightly, never wanting to let go.
“David, contact the mansion. We have new people to fill our basement.” 
The rest senators bristled at the comment. A woman among them stepped forward. 
“You think you can take us all?” As if in response to her question, The Pyrosian lit his hands on fire. They were still inside the shield, so I didn’t know the use of the fire other than for show. 
“You’ve lost Seraphina, drop it,” Damon told her. 
Seraphina was young, at least among her crew, she was the youngest. In her late thirties. Her wavy blond hair danced as she shook her head and laughed. “You always were a strong one. Even in school.” 
The look she gave Damon had me wrapping my hands tighter around him. Back off kitten, he’s mine. Of course, she was beautiful, why shouldn’t she be? Beautiful and powerful and she knew Damon in high school? I already had green eyes so the additional jealous green suited me well. 
“You always were a cunny one,” Damon replied smiling which made me scowl the more. Was he flirting with her?
The shield around them came down much to the dismay of the azpis female. At the same time a giant snake appeared from nowhere and struck Seraphina on the neck, she fell to the ground. The snake went for the other woman, the azpis, biting her in the neck and she too fell to the ground. 
The remaining two senators, males, a manipulator, and the pyrosian backed away, terror marring their features. The Pyrosian manifested fire in his hands ready to attack, but it vanished as fast as it came. 
“I didn’t want to join them,” the manipulator fell on his knees begging. The pyrosian still had a little fire in him, fitting since he manifested fire. He glared at Damon. The snake went for him stinging him in the same spot. He fell to the ground. 
I hated asking this question every time, but I had to, “Are they dead?” 
“No, they are unconscious,” Damon replied, which led to my next question.
“Who is the snake?” The snake was skyscraper high. A lot of its length was on the ground and it still towered over us three times. Its width was my size. Big didn’t even cut it. But it was beautiful. Yellow scales crisscrossed by red, sometimes green scales made it look exotic. It stood guard over the last man. 
“Alex.”
Alex? I knew it. He screamed danger. Not just danger, but instinct made you want to cross to the other side of the road if you saw him coming. Now I knew why. Snakes weren’t exactly human friendly. 
“And he can turn invisible?” I didn’t see him move until he appeared as a snake besides Seraphina. 
“Yes. That’s his special gift.”
“Come on let’s go. They are here.” 
Three big black Jeeps bearing the Wilmore crest came into the area, parking in front of us. Guards poured out of them. 
“Get them to the basement,” Damon spoke to Malcolm who was one of the men that came out of the car. 
“Yes Sir, Miss,” he bowed at us. “I’m glad you’re safe, Sir.” 
Damon nodded and I copied him and nodded too. 
“Let’s go home, Tiger,” Damon said, leading me to one of the cars. 
Yes, Home. But I knew I was already home, tucked under his shoulders.
***
This wasn't the first time the mansion was attacked. But this was going to be the last time— at least, in a very long time. Not only because the people intent on harming Damon were dead or captured, but also because the mansion was reduced to a mockery of glass and stone. They succeeded in razing Damon’s pillar of strength. 
And almost his life.
My thoughts strayed to Mira. She wasn't among the group of people who came to pick us, neither had she come to welcome us now that we’ve arrived, she usually did. I feared for her. I don’t think she was equipped to fight a battle against non-Magi. Yes, she was a terror to magic, not bullets and bombs.
Damon's hands were still around me. I don’t think he has seized contact with me since we left the ambush. I won't say I was complaining, actually, I wasn’t. The warmth of his hands was becoming addictive to my skin. 
"Where's Mira?" I twisted my head to look up to him. His face revealed none of what he was feeling as he took in the ruins of his house. He was very calm and collected but it was all a front. I knew if I opened our bond connection— it didn’t sever as I thought it would after I stopped envisioning it--, I'll be on my knees weeping from the onslaught and turmoil of emotions I knew he would be feeling. 
"She's around, somewhere," he answered. 
Around were Damon's soldiers, some rounding up the attackers, others helping their injured colleagues. 
"I hope she's not injured," I expressed my concern.
"You say it like you care."
I whipped my head in his direction, making sure he met my eyes. 
"I care, Damon. I do. I just wasn't given a choice.” He didn’t give any indication that he heard me so I continued, “Even if it wasn't you, I'll have still cared. That's not who I am. I don't betray people." 
"Everyone betrays someone." 
I shook my head, "No. I don't."
"Yet, you've betrayed me twice." 
I didn't have anything to say to that. Yes, I have? No, I haven't? I've broken a lot of my rules in this short period just in a bid to catch this killer.
"I admit I've done many things wrong in this case." 
"Yes, you have,” his voice curled around me like a whip, punishing me for my deeds. “The question is why? I knew you before now. This isn't how you worked."
My eyes widened at the last statement, "You knew me?" 
He shrugged, "I like to keep track of who is who in the government." 
"But I'm not in the government."
"An agent that stands for justice? a leader of the best syndicate team in Broston and possibly the whole south? And a female? You know how to stir the lightings in the underworld."
I smiled, howbeit a sad one, "And you're the leader of the underworld." 
"I keep them in line," he defended.
I kept quiet not wanting the conservation to go towards that aspect. When the time comes, I'll deal with the fact that I was falling in love with a crime boss. 
He seemed to understand, and he changed the topic. 
"Back to my question, why?" 
I furrowed my brows, "Why what?"
"Why did you do so many things wrong in this case?"
"I was supposed to get a promotion if I solved this case." My cheeks burned in shame, matching the whispering tone I used to answer. 
"So it's greed and ambition?"
Anger welled inside me and I pressed my lips in a white slash, "You know it's not," I shrugged his arms off me.
"Let's assume I don't."
I glared at him, already feeling the loss of his arms around me. 
"I'm trying to understand you," he said, "I want to know what's driving you, so humor me."
He sounded sincere like he wanted to know for the right reasons. I hesitated, but Damon was a master at waiting, so he just stared at me, silently urging me to give him want he wanted. 
"If I'm promoted, I'll have more say in the syndicate. I'll be able to make sure justice is carried out." I paused and took a deep breath, "I won't blackmail my agents into doing wrong things. I won't deprive the victims of their reprieve, I won't let the guilty go scot-free. I won't even take a bribe."
I was heaving by the time I finished my list of I won’t. Damon was still staring at me and I had the urge to wriggle my hands while waiting for his verdict. It felt I just pitched my product in front of a board of sponsors. 
"Say something," I urged when he didn't talk. 
"You'll make a good leader of the syndicate."
I shrugged, much pleased by his compliment, "Maybe.'
"No, not maybe. You will." 
It took me a second to understand what he was saying. 
I shook my head, "They won't give me. Boss is still there." 
"They will, Nate will soon be gone." 
I noticed he refused to call him Boss like everybody did. Was someone having issues with authority? 
"I won't be able to work for the syndicate anyways, considering I'm now your mate."
His brows lifted, “Why?”
“Conflict of interest and all that.”
He stared at me, "You will give up the syndicate for me?"
I chuckled, "No, I won’t." 
"Then why will you leave because we're mates?"
"I'll be leaving for me, I don’t want to be caught in the crosshairs, where I have to choose between the syndicate and you,” I shrugged, “it's not like the syndicate didn't blackmail me." 
I was still hurt and angry. I don’t think I’ll ever stop feeling that way anytime I remember their betrayal. I just hoped that was not how Damon felt. 
"Well, I hope you'll reconsider. That seat was made for you."
"Looks like you really want me there." I watched him carefully trying to pick on any hidden agenda.
"I do.”
I waited for him to give his reasons.
"You like what you do. You're passionate about it, so you should do it. Despite what you might think, I'm not the bad guy you need to catch. We can be a team. We can keep Broston safe."
My mouth went agape. Keep Broston safe? Who was this man and what has he done to the Devil?
"You want to keep Broston safe?" I asked just to be clear I heard right.
He smiled, "That has been my job, although with a different approach.”
***
"For the love of all that is furry, why do they keep trying to kill you?” The voice of someone screeching permeated into the intimacy of our conversation and stole our attention. 
“Not that they will ever succeed, but I'm tired of having my heart jump to my throat whenever I hear you're being ambushed."
There was only one person I knew very well of that could talk to Damon like that-- with concern and in a very informal manner that spoke of love and affection.
I turned towards my fated sister, "Glad to know you're okay."
"Don’t get me started with you," she glared at me, "Everybody is trying to kill him. Not that he has done anything but be kind to you."
I winced, she knew. I didn't know what I expected. That the matter will be kept between the four people involved? I kept quiet since I had nothing to say to defend myself.
“I should drain you of every magic you have in your dried syndicate bones.” 
“No one is touching my mate,” Damon snarled at her.
She rolled her eyes, “I said should. Besides, I wouldn’t have someone to play with if I did.” 
She turned to me, her blue eyes still burning with anger, “I haven’t forgiven you, Mel. You told me your team was off-limits. My family is too.” 
I wasn’t the only one that noticed her subtle exclusion of me from the ‘family.’ 
“She’s family,” Damon growled.
“Can you stop correcting me? I’m angry, so I have the right to omit some things even if it makes her hurt.”
“No, you don’t.”
“Then do I?” Malachi joined us sending a glare my way. Oh! His, burned. Malachi had never given me so much as a frown. Even when he was threatening me, he always smiled. His glare was just showing how much they were mad at me. If Damon didn’t make it out alive, I wouldn’t too.
“You don’t,” Damon told him, dragging me close to him. His message was very clear. I was under his protection.
“But I do.” Everybody turned to face the newcomer. 
I groaned inwardly. Can’t the universe have mercy? 
Helen Strutman walked into our group with her entourage of guards. 
“Mom,” Damon growled.
 “I have every right to deal with the person that handed my son over to those good for nothing excuse of men. But I won’t.” Instead of sending a glare my way as the others did, she smiled at me.
“I understand why you did what you did, Melissa. It was unfortunate that it had to be my son. You should have come to me when you were blackmailed.”
“I–“ I opened my mouth to respond but I was at a loss for words. I stood before my celebrity crush and future mother-in-law, thinking I was going to be dead and buried by her but here she was, telling me she understood. 
“It’s okay. I can see you both have almost completed the psychic mate bond.”
What the fuck? I struggled as arms pinned me to the ground. One moment we were all standing together, the next, I was being held by the throat a hundred feet away.
“MELISSA!” Damon roared.
“Don’t come any closer,” my attacker growled in warning. The smell of burnt and acid wafted into my nose.
“What are you doing Cellabois?” Helen asked. 
The activities around the mansion came to a halt, and everyone stood watching the scene. My attacker picked a spot backing the fence, meaning no one could sneak up on his rear and catch him unawares.
“Everybody, stay back,” he snarled again, his breath hot against my throat. I gathered my magic to send him flying, but the air breezed past him with no effect.
“You’ll be so sorry if you try that again.” 
He turned to where Damon and the rest of Damon’s close family stood. “Alex can turn invisible and I know you can too, Alpha,” his hand turned to claws and dug at my back, “Any slight movement from anybody, and I’ll rip her heart out.” To emphasize his point, his claws sank into my back, causing him to yelp in pain.
“What do you want?” Damon asked him. Even this far, I could see his body taut with tension. He no longer looked the calm part. He was ready to murder someone. 
“It’s not what I want,” Cellabois replied, “It’s what he wants.” 
That said, he punched his hands into my back, parting my ribs like they were paper. I let out a toe-curling wail from the invasion, pain, like I’ve never felt, rocked my frame. It was a surprise I didn’t blackout. His hands continued their journey deep into my chest until he touched my heart. I could feel it. 
Amidst the pain, I realized that he was actually going through with his threat, he was ripping my heart out. 
How many seconds can a person live without a heart? One second? Two? Three? I don’t know, but the last thing I saw after he threw me on the floor like a discarded cloth was my beating heart in his hands. That and the fact that my attacker didn’t look like a human nor an animal. He was a monster.

What’s next for Damon and Melissa?
Watch out for book 2 of Jedi Wright’s Blood Burn series
Luminance
(Coming soon)


Connect with me:
Email: mailto:jediwright.author@gmail.com
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jedi.wright/
MAGI CASTES
Azpis: Their magic is in making shields. Inside their magical shield, nothing can harm them. Their magic type is defensive.
Characters: Brian— A member of Melissa’s team; Gus—Brian’s brother.
Identification: No ring.
Elementals: They are the group of magi that had control over one of the four elements. Water, fire, air, and earth. Their skill set includes; Telekinesis, teleportation (advanced), telepathy (advanced), and element manipulation.
They are divided into;
Aerosians: They have control of the air. They can fly, create tornadoes, etc. Characters: Melissa, Sarah—Melissa’s mom. Identification: Grey ring around their irises.
Pyrosians: They have control of fire. Characters: Trudy, Liam, and Denise (Sister, brother, and father of Melissa) Identification: Red ring around their irises.
Hydrosians: They have control of water. Characters: Nil. Identification: Blue ring around their irises.
Terrosians: They have control of earth magic. They can create earthquakes, grow trees, and interact with earth materials Characters: Rufus Kaid. Identification: Green ring around their irises.
Proteus (Plural: Protei): They change into animals they’ve mastered from birth. An average proteus has just one animal form. An advanced proteus has two, three, or more. The more powerful, the higher number of animal forms.
Characters: Joey—Melissa’s best friend, Malcolm—Damon’s personal head of security.
Identification: Yellow (Amber) ring around their irises.
Manipulators: This caste is psychic-inclined. They can create illusions, plant suggestions, compulsion, telepathy, mind control. 
But with magic comes an inherent magic shield on the mind. Meaning most magi are protected from manipulators except the manipulator is more powerful.
Characters: Malachi—Damon’s second in command, Nate Wilson (Boss)—head of Broston Syndicate chapter, Fred—a member of Melissa’s team.
Identification: White ring around their irises.
Sylphs: Considered the rarest and most dangerous magic caste due to their ability to siphon magic from a mage. They have no magical ability of their own and the magic they absorb is useless to them.
Characters: Helen—Damon’s mom and a leader in the syndicate, Mira—Damon’s cousin.
Identification: No ring

Carriers: Mostly women. They have magic tied to their life force, but they can’t manifest it out. They usually pass such magic down to their children. They also have the inherent magic shield the magi have.
Non-magi: The population of the world without magic.
