
HIDDEN EARTH Volume I Maycly
Book One “Two Altered Worlds”

Copyright 2011 by Janet Beasley
Illustrations by Dar Bagby

HIDDEN EARTH Volume I Maycly Book One “Two Altered Worlds” is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual people, living or dead, events, establishments, locales, or organizations is entirely coincidental.

Text copyright 2011 by Janet Beasley.
Illustrations and cover art copyright 2011 by Dar Bagby.
Design, layout, and formatting by Connie M. Thompson: http://www.ridgeroadenter.com •     graphicsetc@hughes.net

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, scanning, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without written permission from the publisher.

ISBN-10: 098488131X
ISBN-13: 978-0-9848813-1-4

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Part One “Two Altered Worlds”
Dedication
Acknowledgments
Other Scribblings by Author Janet Beasley
Map
Prologue
Chapter 1 – • ON EARTH • Where’d Everybody Go?
Chapter 2 – Runaways
Chapter 3 – Moving On, Moving In
Chapter 4 – Iona Rediscovers What’s at Stake
Chapter 5 – Today Is the Day
Chapter 6 – Am I Crazy?
Chapter 7 – The Journey Begins
Chapter 8 – • ON MAYCLY • Charleo Gets his New Pipe (one-hundred years prior)
Chapter 9 – The First Signs
Chapter 10 – Unwelcomed Change
Chapter 11 – Deception and Mayhem
Chapter 12 – Tarnnin’s Lair Is his Castle
Chapter 13 – Earth Falls Prey
Chapter 14 – Innocence Entertains Evil
Chapter 15 – Tarnnin’s Pride and Ploy
Chapter 16 – The Thief Is Revealed
Chapter 17 – Evil Consumes the Thief

EXTRAS
Iona's and Cole's Family Trees
Recipe:  Pub Pete's Famous Green Chili

DEDICATION
I dedicate this book to my husband, Don, who has been and always will be my essence of life. I wish that the wind may catch our sails and carry us to a new sea together where we will float on the waves of achievement, prosperity, and wellness.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
Thank you to my husband, my parents, my in-laws, and my outlaws. Thank you to my social network of friends, readers, and fellow authors. Thank you to the Creek '79ers, Picture This Photography & Design, and to author Steve Hamilton, who was my inspiration, and who provided me with my first autographed copy of a book. Thank you to Connie T. for making Maycly come to life in a very professional way. Without the encouragement and support of all of these people, the world would have been deprived of Maycly.

OTHER SCRIBBLINGS BY AUTHOR JANET BEASLEY
Janet has been published in several trade-specific magazines. Her articles dealt with theatrical productions from conception to completion, technical theater, and how to survive live productions on half-a-shoestring budget. She currently has two self-help books regarding theatrical productions and theater applications available on Kindle, Production P.A.R.T.Y. and Theatrical Fudge.
Other things Janet has written include award-winning poetry, greeting cards, inspirational photo captions, and an autobiography.
Someday she hopes to create a coffee table book combining her talents of inspirational words and her scenic nature photographs.

HIDDEN EARTH Volume I Maycly has been released as three separate ebooks (Book One “Two Altered Worlds,” Book Two “The Battle of Trust and Treachery,” and Book Three “The Queen”) and as a collector’s edition paperback version containing all three parts.




“…And when we find ourselves in the place just right,
'Twill be in the Valley of Love and Delight.”
Simple Gifts, Shaker Elder Joseph Brackett, Jr.  1848


PROLOGUE
Maybe living like this won't be so bad after all was Iona's last thought before falling asleep. 
     
She lay helpless in a damp culvert, cold and unable to move. No one could hear her muted cries for help. Without warning, a rush of icy water came barreling through the culvert's opening and swept her away, choking, struggling, gulping for air whenever her head broke the surface. She was at the mercy of the water. 
“SUL, please help me. I will trust You, I promise. I know You'll take care of me. Can You hear me SUL?...SUL?...Are You there?” Either He can't hear me or He's decided not to listen to me. She gave up all hope and allowed herself to be pulled under for the last time. Everything became dark. She bumped against something sharp...

...and jerked awake. Shivering, she settled back down, closed her eyes again, and hoped against hope she would have no more bad dreams that night.


Chapter 1
• ON EARTH •
Where’d Everybody Go?

Iona loved how the sun made the frost look like diamonds encasing the brilliant colors of the fallen leaves. Autumn was Iona’s favorite season in Bee Creek, the epitome of a nostalgic Midland Terrain town. She felt Cole’s warm arms lovingly wrap around her from behind on the window seat where they sat, and she leaned into him. They watched her parents, Ann and Leonard, rake leaves in their yard next door. 
Iona spoke with love and a grin. “Fashion geniuses, aren’t they?” 
Cole could not help but smile at the bulky, mismatched, wrong-sized apparel his in-laws wore. “I’d better get going.” He pulled Iona’s silky deep auburn hair to the side and kissed the back of her neck.
“You’ll be back really soon though, right?” 
“You know it Baby Doll.” Cole rose and they held each others hands until he backed too far away for their fingers to touch. His emerald eyes stared into her chocolate eyes. They gave each other a wink and a blink...just something they had always done. After five years of marriage they were more in love now than they had been on their wedding day.  
Iona heard the closing of the kitchen door and the grinding of the garage door as Cole backed the car out. He pulled into Ann and Leonard’s driveway. They waved at him, and Leonard hollered, “Be right there!” They disappeared into the house, and Cole let the car run, keeping it warm for them. 
Iona felt left out again. Over the past several months she had become victim to a combination of chronic health issues...Epstein-Barr, fibromyalgia, and polymyalgia...not life-threatening but certainly lifelong aggravations. Elevated levels of the continuous fever and pain often made it nearly impossible for her to exert physical energy for even the smallest of tasks. Her greatest fear was being left alone in such a state. She could not imagine how she would ever fend for herself. Cole was always attuned to her needs, probably too much, but Iona did not mind. She was grateful for his constant concern, and she depended on him more than he would ever know. Her cell phone rang. 
“You sure you don’t need me to bring you anything?”
“Nothing but you Babe!”
She waved at Ann and Leonard as they got into the car. 
“OK Sweetie. I’ll have ‘em back by 2:00 at the latest. Love you.” He blew her a kiss. She mimed catching it and plastering it on her cheek.
“Love you too Cole.” Iona’s smile faded as she watched them drive off. She put in her ear buds, turned up the relaxing music (just a little), hunkered down and put a pillow behind her head against the wall, yawned, and closed her eyes. 
At 4:30 pm her eyes popped open. She jerked the now silent ear buds from her ears. “Cole? Cole, are you here?” She unbent her stiff legs, got up, and checked every room, even the garage; no car, no Cole. She looked out at her parents’ house; no evidence of any activity. She hobbled next door, not even thinking about her pain. KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK...DING-DONG, DING-DONG. No one answered. “Mommy? Daddy? Are you in there? Come on, this isn’t funny!” She dug in her pocket for Ann and Leonard’s house key then managed to find the keyhole. “Hey, you guys! Where are you?” Frantically she searched their house. 
She went from yard to yard and called for the three of them over and over. Tears welled up when she accepted that they had not returned. She speed-dialed all three of their cell phone numbers several times, but none of them answered. She called all of the nearby hospitals and police stations, but her family was not to be found. Her cell phone battery died; she plugged it in, returned to the window seat, and watched the late afternoon fade into early evening. She did not want to believe it, but she knew she was alone, at least for now. Ann and Leonard’s house had faded out of sight in the darkness of night. 
Beads of sweat formed on her brow as her panic worsened.


Chapter 2
Runaways

Iona’s family had been missing for more than a year. Her mind continued to race with torment. Had they been kidnapped? Murdered? Were they being tortured?  Why had no one seen anything? Rumors ran rampant through Bee Creek. Some spread vicious tales about her killing her family in order to collect the insurance money, while other locals spread the notion that her family had left her because they were tired of having to care for her and make excuses for her. 
She had not been able to hold a job since the onset of her chronic illnesses. Like a dusty forgotten book on a library shelf, she had been reduced to a life of isolation and had even scored the nickname “The Creepy Daft Darling.” Having been totally alienated, she became weaker both physically and mentally. She knew there was no end in sight to her conditions. 
Unfortunately the end of her stash of emergency cash had long since passed. Her car had been repossessed, the electric had been shut off, and she could not remember when she had made her last house payment. The last propane gas bottle from their camping supplies was now empty, so there were no more hot meals and no hot water. She longed for the taste of toothpaste instead of baking soda, and for the aroma of expensive shampoo. She often tried to remember the feeling of soaking in a hot bath complete with bubbles. 
She walked apprehensively to the mailbox expecting to find more threatening letters from collection agencies, but this time she found a letter that made all the others seem mundane: A mortgage payment of $12,318.00 which includes all past due amounts and fees, must be received within thirty (30) days. If payment is not received, the bank will foreclose, and you will be evicted. 
She did not care that her appearance had deteriorated, and she was not concerned that her weight had dropped to double digits. “All I have left to cling to are memories.” (She often talked to herself.) She recalled family stories from the past that her mother had told with such enthusiasm. She sobbed as she thought about how her father had made her feel so very special when he called her “Sunshine” and she called him “Moonshine.” She and Cole had planned a lifetime of involvement in theater productions, exploring the outdoors, having children and grandchildren, growing old in each others’ arms, and creating special moments together...things all couples in love yearn for. Still only in her 20s Iona felt she had been robbed of these treasures all too soon. She had replaced love with bitterness and self pity. She had once trusted SUL to guide her life with a purpose, but having gone through all she had, she now felt He had let her down. 
“Why do I even continue? What purpose do I have? No one cares enough to help me.” Filled with defeat she abandoned all hope of ever being loved by, or ever loving, another living thing. 

•  •  •  •

“There has to be a reason I’m still alive, right?” Iona opened her eyes and the reality of what she saw in the mirror frightened her. Dropping the knife she held at her throat, she pulled hard on her hair and kicked the knife across the room. She gritted her teeth, gurgled a sound of frustration, and marched past the makeshift window curtain preventing any view of Ann and Leonard’s neglected empty house. She threw herself into her rocking chair and moaned. The empty wall in front of her only made her feel worse. The family photos that once decorated the wall were now in a brown paper bag tucked away under the lining of her suitcase, except for one of Cole that she kept in her tattered purse. Untangling her fingers from her hair, she picked up the purse and took out Cole’s photo, kissed it, and whispered, “Hi, Honey. Today’s the last day I get to spend in our house.”
A knock at the door startled her. “Other than the eviction creeps, who would want to see me?” She mustered up all of her energy, rose from the chair, and hobbled to the door. As usual the grimy doorknob did not work on the first try; it pinched her finger. “OUCH!” Darn it! Why isn’t Cole here to fix this? The door finally opened. A small poof of fog outside the screened-in porch caught her eye. Must be kids with smoke bombs. Harassed by the trick, she was about to close the door when she looked down at her feet. There sat a basket with a piece of fabric neatly attached and a note dangling from the handle. How cliche is this? A basket on my doorstep. She rolled her eyes and sighed. 
As she bent down to take a closer look, the fabric twitched and something squeaked. She jumped. “What the...?” She grabbed the note, opened it, and read aloud:

“My name is Wiskee.
 I’ve been sent from a land far away.
Please be my new momma
So we can love each other and play.” 

Her first thought was, This had better not be a baby. She almost smiled but remembered her vow never to love again. She picked up the basket, turned, and stumbled over the threshold. “All right...Wiskee, is it?...we’ve gotta get you out of sight.” She kicked the door shut and placed the basket on the kitchen table. Ever so gently she began to part the fabric. “Are you in there?” Another squeak. “Come to think of it, you don’t sound like a baby. You sound like a...”
Wiskee popped his head out and introduced himself with a “YIP!” 


WISKEE

“Holy cow, you are a puppy!” 
The fabric jiggled with the wagging of Wiskee’s tail at the sound of Iona’s voice. Iona pulled the fabric the rest of the way back to reveal all two-and-a-half pounds of him. “What a handsome puppy you are with your white cottony fur! And your wittle paws aren’t any bigger than dimes. Your wittle eyes are just wike bwack buttons. And your nose is just a dot!” She gave his nose a gentle poke, and Wiskee sneezed. “And wook at that spiffy bwack collar with that shiny red bow and that wittle gold charm. Is that the key to my heart?” She heard herself using the high-pitched puppy voice she had not used in years. She clutched her face in amazement, feeling the same kind of warmth she had felt when Cole had held her face during their wedding kiss. And it caught her off guard. 
“Come to Momma.” Wiskee gave a couple of grunts and huffs as he struggled over the basket’s top edge then made a heart-melting pathetic jump into Iona’s outstretched hands. There was an instant bond. Iona drew him to her face. “Gimme a nose rubbins. Come on. Hey! You bypassed the nose rubbins!” She felt his wet tongue on the tip of her nose; Wiskee had nothing but kisses for her. Iona began to cry with joy, and Wiskee licked her tears, making her laugh...another sound that had been lacking from her recent life. 
Like a bolt of lightning Iona remembered the eviction notice. She looked Wiskee in the eye “I...we...have to get out of here. We can’t get evicted.” She felt a generous helping of strength and confidence overtaking her. She clutched Wiskee to her chest and stroked his tiny head. “The Ministry House out in the country where they’re planning on taking me will never let us in...it’s strictly stated ‘NO PETS ALLOWED.’ And I’ll be darned if I’m going anywhere without you from now on.” She did not even try to fight her feelings of becoming attached to him so quickly. 
“Back in the basket you go.” She carried Wiskee’s basket to her bed and ransacked her closet, dresser drawers, nightstand, and bathroom one more time. She flung a few extra items into her already-packed, weathered suitcase and bounced up and down on it, trying to get it to close. Wiskee bounced right along in his basket. 
Without any electricity she had been keeping her food in a cooler; there was some leftover rice, chicken, juice, and cheese sitting on a bed of ice. Looking over the cooler’s contents she thought, Thank goodness for the owner of the corner store. He’s been a real lifesaver at times. I’m sure gonna miss him...he was the only one left who’d even talk to me. Stay focused...get back to packing.  She took a few of the things from the big cooler and packed them into a smaller one. Then she gathered up the last of her canned goods. Before she left the kitchen she thought, It wouldn’t be good to forget the can opener. She put everything beside the door. Her plan was to leave at late dusk. 
In Wiskee’s basket she found a leash, a small ball, a tiny teddy bear, and a braided rope tug. She laughed as Wiskee tried to retrieve the ball that was almost bigger than his mouth. Iona was so engrossed in their bonding, she gave no thought as to how or why he had come to be hers. Just knowing she had something who loved her again and that she loved in return was all that mattered to Iona at that moment. 
When the colors of sunset overtook the sky Iona gathered up her belongings and returned Wiskee to his basket. “Thank you for being such a good little buddy. I love you so much.” He wagged his tail and stared at her intently, as if answering her with his eyes. She kissed his head and gently pushed him out of sight under the fabric. “Now stay under there till I tell you it’s OK to come out.” She could tell by the basket’s movement he had curled up and settled down.
Looking around for the last time, Iona felt guilty because she had lost the house. But she clung to the fact that Wiskee had given her the will to escape the trauma of eviction and start anew. She took one last look at the kayak hanging from the porch ceiling, barely silhouetted against the pinks and ambers of the evening sky. She set everything down except her purse. She pulled from it her favorite photo, took in a deep stuttering breath, and whispered to Cole’s image, “Forgive me for losing our house and our things, Honey, but I have to move on. I’ll never stop looking for you or for Mommy and Daddy.” She kissed the photo, tucked it back into her purse, and picked up the rest of her belongings.
The old spring on the porch screen door creaked when she opened it. She started down the stairs but paused, looking toward the sky, and spoke, barely audible, “SUL, I haven’t talked to You in a long time. But if You’re still up there listening, I just want You to know I have no plan, no direction, no clue where I’ll end up. I’m trusting You to guide me.” She was shocked at her own words and feelings. She heard Wiskee give a contented sigh, and Iona took her first step into the night, never looking back.


Chapter 3
Moving On, Moving In

Iona walked through the balmy late summer air, swaying to lullabies performed by the nocturnal insects. She veered off the road and stopped. “I think we’ve gone far enough off the beaten path. This’ll do just fine for our inaugural sleep. There’s soft grass, a few trees, and we’re right next to a bean field. It’s perfect.” She set everything down. “OK little buddy. You can come out now.” Wiskee popped his head out of his basket and gave a couple of puppy huffs. Iona took him from his basket and set him down in the grass. He wobbled as he stretched and yawned. Iona leaned down and got a kiss. “Well good morning...or I guess I should say good evening...my little fur ball.” Wiskee took in the sights with wide eyes. 
“Let’s see if you can catch a lightning bug.” Iona had been waiting for this moment all evening. Wiskee seemed eager to check them out, so he took off down one of the rows of beans, but after going no more than about three feet, he lost sight of his momma and yipped. 
“I’m coming.” She chuckled as she scooped him up. She knelt and let a lightning bug crawl onto her finger from one of the bean plants. “See it? Isn’t it cute?” Wiskee decided they were worth another try so he wiggled out of her arms and scampered off. She watched his tiny head popping up and down among the leaves as he pounced. 
“OK Wiskee, time to eat.” He came right to her. She rolled out the sleeping bag, and Wiskee immediately sat down on it and looked up at her expectantly. A lightning bug landed on his nose, but he was too worn out to shake it off. Iona laughed at his crossed eyes as the bug flew off.  
“We can’t have my favorite, grilled cheese and tomato soup, so tonight’s feast will be a little bit of cold chicken for you, and for me...” She pulled a can from the front pouch of her suitcase and read the label “...surprise! Pork-n-beans.” She broke up a few small chicken pieces, hand fed them to Wiskee, and ate her beans right out of the can, along with some crackers. 
“Ahh, my belly’s full. How ‘bout yours?” Wiskee licked his chops. Iona walked about twenty feet then tossed the can far away to avoid drawing ants and critters to their campsite. She fastened one end of Wiskee’s leash to his collar and tied the other end around her waist. She opened the sleeping bag and slipped inside. Wiskee instantly followed, curling up in the bend of her knees. “Good night little buddy. I love you.” She felt Wiskee sigh. Maybe living like this won’t be so bad after all was her last thought before falling asleep.

•  •  •  •

Weeks passed. They stayed away from large cities and slept in small towns or the woods as they wandered. Iona occasionally freshened up in gas station bathrooms. Their food supply had run out so they dined on half-eaten “delicacies” Iona found in the trash. Rain storms and mud had ruined the sleeping bag and pillows, so newspapers served as blankets, and her suitcase was her headrest. 
This particular night she found a culvert to sleep in to stay out of the wind. “I guess I’m not the homeless sojourner I thought I was, but then again I thought by now someone would have taken pity on us and asked us in. I’ve got only a few sheets of newspaper left, but it should be enough to get us through the night.”  They snuggled together on a dry spot. The coldness of the concrete made it feel harder than usual. Wiskee begged to get into his basket to sleep; Iona did not deny him the privilege but kept his leash around her waist. Fall was coming to a close and Iona knew they would be no match for the encroaching winter weather. She whispered, “Just like last time, SUL has ignored me when I needed Him most,” then she cried herself to sleep.

•  •  •  •

She pulled back the fabric on Wiskee’s basket, blew some hot breath into her hands, and rubbed Wiskee to warm him. Through blue lips and chattering teeth she said, “G-g-good m-m-morning. We m-made it through an-n-nother night unscathed.” Wiskee responded with a kiss on her nose. The confidence she had when they left their house was now gone. “Unfortunately it’s time to get up and get going.”
They came to the edge of another small town Iona did not recognize. “It sure looks welcoming enough, but I doubt our appearance will allow us to fit in. Let’s see if we can find a back side of town.” Iona hobbled on her aching legs. She carried Wiskee in his basket and had her purse over her shoulder. She could still pull her suitcase behind her, though it was more like dragging it since the wheels had come off. She found the side of town she was looking for and made a quick observation. She set her things down and started digging in the dumpsters that lined a crumbling cement path. She chattered to herself while hanging by her waist, half inside one of the dumpsters. “I hope no one catches us. I’m tired of being harassed by authorities. Hey, here’s some newspaper...and it’s dry!” She dropped her feet back to the ground and admired her find. I can’t believe I’m this excited about dumpster diving.
“GOOD MORNING!” A man’s voice blurted from behind the dumpster. 
Iona jumped. Wiskee yipped and ducked under the fabric. 
Jigging and jiving his way around to Iona, the odd man asked her, “What’s your name?”
“Iona. What’s yours?” Her eyebrows frowned.
Laughing from the gut he replied, “My name? My official name is The Man Behind The Dumpster, but my friends call me Dumpster Man. Whatcha got in the basket there?”
“None of your business!” snapped Iona.  Then she changed her tone. “I’m sorry. I...you...you startled me.” She was looking around to see if there was anyone who might come to her rescue. This guy was just too off-the-wall. “Forgive me if I seemed rude.”
Timidly Wiskee peeked from the basket. “Well, hey there little fella.” He reached to pet Wiskee, but Iona quickly picked up the basket. 
“This is Wiskee.” She wanted to make certain that, if she needed to run, she’d have Wiskee at the ready, and the two of them would be able to get out of this situation in one piece. She continued with caution. “He was delivered to me on my doorstep, and...oh, it’s a long story. But the ending is great; he taught me how to love again. It sounds stupid, I know, but that’s really what happened.” Iona hung her head in embarrassment. Wiskee struggled to get free of the basket, but Iona restrained him.
“I don’t think your story’s stupid.” The man winked at Wiskee then bent upside down and looked Iona in the eye.
She clenched the basket even tighter while gently pushing The Man Behind The Dumpster away. “Thank you for the kind words.” She kept a watchful eye as he moved closer to Wiskee. Wiskee’s tail began wagging at high speed. 
“And you’re quite the prize.” The Man Behind The Dumpster said to Wiskee, who broke free from Iona’s grasp and jumped from the basket right into his arms where he began licking The Man Behind The Dumpster’s five-o’clock shadow. 
Iona grabbed for Wiskee but thought, Dogs don’t lie...they always know who you can trust. And this is weird; if I didn’t know any better, I’d swear Wiskee’s met this guy before. Still a little nervous, she allowed them be together. “So, are you homeless like me? I don’t mean you look homeless...it’s just that...well...I mean...um...you’re here by this dumpster, and...”
The Man Behind The Dumpster grinned, handed Wiskee back to Iona, then vigorously acted out his story. “I was homeless once, just like you. But then I stumbled upon this very place and began my treasure hunt, just like you. A man popped out from behind this very dumpster and gave me a hand. Fancy that! So I’m only returning the favor I once received.” Leaning into Iona’s right side, then whirling around to her left and placing his elbow on her shoulder, he spoke again. “It looks like you two could use a favor right about now. Am I right? Hmmm?”
“Yes. Yes we could.” Iona opted for boldness. “A place to stay wouldn’t be too much to ask, would it?”
The lively man danced around like a leprechaun as he talked. “Not at all! Not at all! Come with me and I’ll be glad to show you two to your new home.” 
Iona became a mess of emotions. Scared, she knew she should not trust this obviously crazy man, but on the flip side she was desperate, and something inside her...maybe the prospect of actually being able to sleep indoors...made her want to take him up on his offer. “Wait a minute. You mean, just like that...” she snapped her fingers “...you’re going to take us to a place where we can live?”
The Man Behind The Dumpster made a barn-dance move, stopped abruptly, and leaned close to her face. “Uh...yeah. Is that a problem?” He added some drama by looking down and cleaning the dirt from under his fingernails. “‘Cause if you’d rather continue your dumpster diving, sleeping in culverts, dining on rotten food...”
Iona’s stomach did a flop. She held her hand up in the halt position when she thought about the teachings of SUL. “Never mind.” She whispered to Wiskee, “Maybe SUL has heard me, huh?” She made a split-second decision. “OK. We’re coming with you.”
“Atta girl! Live for surprises. That’s my claim to fame. I didn’t even know I had a claim to fame. How about that? You learn something new every day.” He laughed, made a spin in the air, and landed beside Iona. He picked up her suitcase, miming as though it was too heavy to carry, making Iona smile. “High-hippity-skip-skop-a-loo-bah! Let’s go-o-o!” He danced a jig with Iona’s suitcase in one hand and pointed with exaggeration using the other in the direction he wanted them to go. He began to whistle and hum at the same time. Iona just shook her head and looked at Wiskee, whose face appeared to be lit up with excitement. 
They walked about seven blocks. “Here we are,” sang The Man Behind The Dumpster. He started up a flight of stairs, two at a time, even with the heavy luggage; Iona painfully took each step one at a time. At the top was a door that could have used a coat of paint. A curtain crookedly hung on the inside of its window. 
She deadened the glare with one hand and peered inside. “It’s absolutely beautiful! Cozy, plenty of room for Wiskee and me to live...happily ever after.” Wiskee yipped. 
The Man Behind The Dumpster smiled warmly. “Glad you like it. Why don’t we go in?” He pulled the key out of his pocket, and his hand trembled. Too excited to notice his uneasiness, Iona took the key and opened the door, appreciating a doorknob that worked. She immediately began decorating the place in her mind, but her thoughts swayed. What am I doing? I’m trusting some man who jumped out from behind a dumpster. And to top it off his name is...The Man Behind The Dumpster? Really? What is wrong with me? I guess I just want to get us out of the homeless scene. At least I know I can lock the door. She took a deep breath as she looked the place over in detail while carrying Wiskee in his basket. 
She found the studio apartment to be older, but she was happy it was clean and furnished. She marveled at the thermostat (set at a comfortable 72 degrees) and the food that was already in the fridge. She smiled when she opened the cupboards full of pots and pans and eating utensils. She took in a pleasant breath when she opened a free-standing cabinet. She ran her hand over the kitchen table and turned to see a couch, a chair, and a bed with a nightstand beside it. The freshly made bed, already turned down and complete with two dark chocolate mints on two fluffy pillows, was her biggest thrill so far. She looked around and thought, Dry sheets and pillows, clothes in a great-smelling pine cabinet...all of them my size...a trifold screen to change behind, a collection of my favorite music and something to listen to it on, some cool shelves with a few books, some shiny trinkets and silk plants...WOW! 
She moved to the only separate room in the apartment. Her mouth gaped. “A bathroom with a big tub!” She turned the faucets. “And hot running water!” She could not hold back the tears. Then she realized something. “Thank you just the same, but how much is this gonna cos...” Her voice dropped when she turned. “Where’d he go?” She set Wiskee’s basket on the bed and looked for The Man Behind The Dumpster, but something caught her eye. “Hmmm. That chalkboard, next to that mason jar filled with flowers...I swear those weren’t on the coffee table a moment ago.” She read the note aloud that was scribbled on the chalkboard:

“Starting on your third day...
All you need do
Is visit a few
Of those who are lonely
And sickly like you.
Your rent will be paid
From the tips that you make,
Drop half in the jar; 
That’s all it’ll take.”

She plopped down on the couch, tossed the chalkboard aside, and talked to Wiskee. “I don’t know anyone around here. How will I know who to visit?”
She was startled by a voice behind her. “A small purple rose is painted on the doors of those who need your kindness.” The Man Behind The Dumpster had poked his head through the front door. Before Iona could get up out of the chair, he had shut the door and left. 
When she got to the window she saw him hopping and skipping down the road; she watched him until he was out of sight. “What a strange man...but I like him.” She felt something. She stepped to the mirror beside the door, pulled down the neck of her shirt, and stared at the colorful birthmark just below her left collarbone. It had turned warm and was now glowing, two things it had not done since childhood. While growing up the oddly acting birthmark had bewildered her, but she had not given it any thought for many years. Secretly Iona wished the mirror was magic. She continued to stare, hoping for an answer to her mysterious marking but was embarrassed at her silliness. Of course the mirror’s not magic.
Iona sat down at the kitchen table, lacing her fingers together to make a hammock for her chin. She watched Wiskee jump out of his basket and build a pillow nest. “Well, whaddaya think little buddy?” He curled up and stared at her. By his action, Iona was confident he felt he was “home”...at least for now. He cut his eyes to the mints on the pillows. “Oh no you don’t. Those are mine.” She joined him on the bed and rubbed his back. “A lot of strange things have happened today, but I’m way too tired to sort everything out right now. All I wanna do is enjoy the feelings of this real mattress under me and dry blankets on top of me. How ‘bout you little buddy?” Wiskee sighed and made a few contented noises. 
Iona had no trouble going to sleep.


Chapter 4
Iona Rediscovers What’s at Stake
    
Iona and Wiskee had had a decent second day arranging things in their new place. Bedtime came and she called to Wiskee to join her. He jumped onto the chair then onto the bed and curled lovingly by her side. Though she was tired, something kept her from feeling sleepy. She recognized a familiar tug on her heartstrings from her past that would not let up. She did not want to believe it, but it was SUL calling to her from Maycly. Without enough strength to fight off the feeling, Iona did something she had not done in a very, very long time. She reached for her tattered purse and pulled from it her ragged miniature copy of The Book of Good and Evil and read aloud the entire documented account of creation.

The Book of Good and Evil
• The Beginning of Time •
Part I
In the beginning there was darkness. A thick darkness. There was silence. A deafening silence. However, one living being dwelt buried within the abyss of space and time, waiting patiently for the right moment. The wait was over.
A bone-jolting rumble came from the depths of quietude as the hidden living being spoke, "I am SUL– Sorcerer of Unequivocal Leadership, Grand Wizard of all that is Good, Creator of all things.” SUL was pleased at the first sound of His voice.   	
He inhaled the dark, then an illuminated euphony rose from within Him and escaped His mighty lips, “Stars, suns, and moons, show yourselves.” The luminous musical notes danced in rhythm as they played upon a lighted score that spanned infinitely across the black canvas. “Now take your places. Those who wish to be stars fill the black canvas from end to end. Those who wish to be suns and moons take to the canvas in pairs.” All of the notes scattered to dot the emptiness at SUL’s command. When the notes arrived at their final destinations, each one materialized into its chosen shape of a star, a sun, or a moon and played its last tone. “Behold My first creation: the lights of the universe.”
SUL burst forth in song again. “Land and water mass come forth and separate yourself into many.” This time the orchestral piece escaped His lips and blasted its way to a focal point where it exploded into many shapes. “I shall call you planets.” There was brief silence as SUL admired His work.
“Planets, scatter and choose a sun and a moon to be your light.” Each planet sailed to a sun and a moon and stopped in just the right place. “Now make up your surface with as much water and land as you wish.” The numerous planets came to life at SUL’s order. Colors burst through the outer crusts and the swirling of land, water, and gases took place on each. SUL waited for every planet to complete its evolution.
SUL called for His two most prized planets. “Priority mass of land and water come forth and be two.” An extremely large mass appeared and meticulously divided itself. SUL watched as one portion became a blue-green sphere with continents of many climates separated by seas. “You, I shall call Earth.” He then blew from His fingertip an additional single sun to light the day and an additional single moon to shine in the night. He set the sun and moon opposite each other and positioned each of them just the right distance from Earth amongst the other stars, suns, and moons. He delicately placed one hand on Earth and pulled the sphere gently into a never-ending, slow, spinning motion that caused sunrises and sunsets.
SUL hummed as He swirled His fingers majestically near Earth’s waters. With an upward movement of His hands, clouds grew from the waters and rose above Earth’s surface. He cried a solitary blue tear of joy. The massive reverent drop of liquid halted in space above Earth’s topside. He sang, “Give Me sky around My Earth.”  At that command, the blue tear began to spread itself like warm icing making its way down a hot cinnamon roll. It sweetly encompassed Earth without touching its surface, and remained higher than the clouds. The transparent sky was created. SUL lingered.
After His rest He turned to the second half of the priority land mass and sang to it, “Remaining half of floating matter, it is your turn. Shape yourself into a massive world, but be not round like the other planets.” Giant sounds of boulders cracking, roots pushing through soil, and lakes bubbling joyfully to the surface filled SUL’s ears. When the sounds stopped, the planet’s rectangular flat surface was attached to an extremely large rocky and rooty base. He continued and brought forth The Vinewalls which outlined the floating planet’s surface. “I shall call you Maycly, meaning eternal land of enchantment. You shall be My ever-after world. You shall represent the center of all of My creation.”
SUL blew from His fingertips three very special suns to light Maycly by day. They took their place in the west as He so commanded. SUL then sang, “Now My three suns, juggle yourselves in slow motion low in the sky and take turns kissing the horizon.” He watched the event with pleasure then sang to the three suns again, “Cease your motion.” The three suns obeyed willingly. In the silence SUL could hear the slow throbbing of their pulsating light. “Because I am the Creator and know the beginning to the end, I sing this next song to you and only you. One being shall fall from Goodness in the far distant future. At that time I shall whisper to you and you shall align yourselves and become stationary until you are released to frolic once again. Your stationary line shall be the sign that puts into motion the finality of setting apart Good and Evil.” The three suns nodded in acceptance. SUL returned to singing, “Now continue your love fest with the horizon until I whisper to you.” And so they did.
SUL breathed into His palm then blew from it two deep purple moons, one much larger than the other. “Take your places in the eastern sky and face the three suns of Maycly.”  The larger moon led the smaller moon to their places and they settled in.
The three suns and two moons could be seen from any location on Maycly. The three suns held brilliant light and the two moons possessed a dim silvery light. SUL commanded the suns and the moons to trade their light with each other at the beginning and the end of each day to give daylight and twilight so there was never total darkness on Maycly. SUL ordered that when the suns and moons traded their lights, the sky would become a mixture of amber, gold, pink, lavender, and royal blue until the trading was complete.
“Only one world shall see all of creation. That world will be Maycly. Earth shall only have visibility of its own sky, its own sun, and its own moon, but I shall grant to Earth a view of all of the stars.”  

Part II
SUL called for some of the rocks and sands of Maycly to form a special piece and bring it to Him in the air. He called it His Creation Block. On His hidden Creation Block SUL handcrafted His unimaginable, awe-striking creatures of deity, the etherealians, and gave each one a name. He allowed their ghostly shapes to hover until all were completed.
He ordered one to take tangible form before the others then called to him. “Carbreyghal, you shall be My personal messenger. Please join Me as I create the etherealian who shall be your leader.”


CARBREYGHAL

Carbreyghal was honored to have an intimate view. He watched with intense passion as SUL began His last etherealian creation. This etherealian was a notch above all other etherealians. SUL named him Tarnnin, meaning Leader of Many, and deemed him leader of all etherealians. Tarnnin’s essence was enhanced with unique music, love, and laughter. In addition to the aroma of sugar waffles, songs of a soothing and relaxing nature filled Tarnnin’s silken wings and escaped in the form of shimmery vapors filled with musical notes that danced about as he flew. Tarnnin would be a gift of peace to all simply by flying past them.   


TARNNIN

While Tarnnin lay lifeless on the Creation Block, SUL reached deep into His soul and pulled from it a pewter vial holding the nectar of free will. To Tarnnin, He added one full drop. At the moment the nectar touched Tarnnin’s soft skin, he took his first breath. It was slow, deep, peaceful, and calming. SUL then created a select few tiny flying attendants He called Sprites to continually hover about Tarnnin. They were assigned to him as his personal assistants and danced to his music with joy. 
SUL placed Tarnnin by His side then inhaled deeply, taking in every etherealian except Tarnnin and Carbreyghal. SUL’s breath escaped in song and was as loud as thunder at the striking point of a lightning bolt. Deep from within the musical tone emerging from SUL’s mouth sprang an enormous transparent bubble. The bubble hovered briefly, swirling with colors. “Etherealians, be released!” The bubble burst, freeing the etherealians who unfolded from their vaporous shapes into physical forms.


ETHEREALIAN

He had made them ten feet tall with luminous wings that spanned more than twenty feet. He had given them all breath that smelled of fresh cotton candy, and to their mighty wings He had added the aroma of warm sugar waffles that trailed in the air as they flew. Their eyes were the color of an unspoiled tropical sea, and SUL had meticulously decorated one eye of each etherealian with a unique work of art. Their hair was transparent gold. Their skin was soft and glistened with pale opalescence. Their robes were lighter than chiffon and were blushed with pastel colors. For a finishing touch SUL had retrieved the pewter vial from His soul containing sweet, clear nectar laced with pearlescent beads; the substance was free will. He had added one seventh of a drop to each etherealian’s essence. “You are My messengers, My attendants, My immortal and eternal friends. You shall have the privilege to roam freely between Earth and Maycly. Fly at your will. Your feet may land if you so desire. Sing with passion alone or together. You shall be the peace of Maycly and the guardians to My living creatures on Earth.” The etherealians took flight and began to sing and dance together.
SUL took Tarnnin in His arms and cradled him like an infant. He lifted Tarnnin high above His head and let go His grasp. Tarnnin hovered magnificently above SUL. Their eyes met and SUL sang a personal song He’d written only for Tarnnin. “My greatest of etherealians, Tarnnin, you shall have free reign over all space, suns, stars, moons, and worlds. You shall possess the same riches and glory that I Myself possess.” SUL’s countenance changed. He pulled Tarnnin back into His arms and His song took on a minor key, “Do your best not to give in to Evil should it try to consume you.” Those words SUL had sung with pain. Tarnnin’s eyes filled with tears at the sight of SUL’s expression; though he did not understand pain, he understood SUL was not joyous. SUL held Tarnnin close. When He released His arms from around Tarnnin, He smiled at Tarnnin then finished with a song in a major key, “Now go forth and lead your fellow etherealians with confidence.” Tarnnin flew to meet them. SUL watched His thousands of etherealians frolic together with Tarnnin. Tarnnin quickly came back to SUL and spoke, “Thank You my Creator. You surely are the Grand Wizard.” He bowed to SUL with respect and adoration then returned to the other etherealians.
SUL set the Creation Block aside in the vastness of space.

Part III
SUL turned from Maycly to face Earth. He commanded Tarnnin to lead the etherealians and encircle Earth wingtip-to-wingtip and sing songs of a soothing nature. Once all were in place, SUL’s melodic voice projected. It drowned out the etherealians’ continuous harmonies and filled the voids of creation. “Life of Me, come forth from the rich soil of Earth and dwell thereon.”  Pieces of land rose gently from Earth and began to take form as SUL continued. “You are My likeness. You will be known as humans on Earth and as wightlings on Maycly. You will all appear somewhat alike, yet each of you will differ in subtle ways. Earth, give unto Me as many males as females, and make them in as many colors of your Earthen tones as you so desire.” SUL waited then sang another command. “I call for My humans to have arms and legs, hands and feet, fingers and toes. I call for necks and heads to form, and on the heads I call for lush hair to grow.” From each divot of land that had risen from the ground, heads, limbs, fingers, and toes of all sizes gracefully emerged. Hair of auburn, blond, black, brown, white, and tan grew from their heads.
SUL inhaled, and the etherealians felt their wings pull toward SUL’s direction from the force of His breath. He sang again, “The first organs I give to My humans shall be hearts that will beat with ease. Hearts, I speak to you. Let your human know through you what is right and what is wrong. May all humans that exist now and all those who are to come find in their hearts and kindle, of their own accord, love for all living things. From a piece of every heart I shall create spirits that live within each human. And yet another piece of their hearts I shall take and place in Mine. May they always be drawn to Me for their missing pieces and trust that I shall always hold their pieces safe within Myself. These pieces shall never be returned but will continually pull us closer together for Good, if the human so desires.”
SUL did not rest, He sang for more to be created. “I am the one who fills them with other organs that allow life to carry on until I call for the separation and reunion of their bodies and spirits. Now rest My darlings.” 
SUL sang a whimsical tune and created fish in the waters, birds in the air, and reptiles, insects, and animals on the land. He sang mountains, rocks, valleys, and meadows into existence. Ravines sliced the soil, graciously filled with water, and spilled over, creating smaller rivers, lakes, ponds, streams, and creeks. Waterfalls exploded from mountain tops and fell with grace into the rivers at their bases below. Geysers and volcanoes shot upward as His song increased in volume. Waves and winds dwindled at His softer lyrics.
SUL returned His attention to His resting humans and sang, “Earth, continue assisting Me in building humans by giving each two eyes on the fronts of their heads. Choose from your colors and paint their windows to the world as you so desire.” Earth chose colors of brown, green, blue, violet, and hazel. SUL sang again, “When their eyes open, I shall allow their eyes to provide precision sight.” He swooped His hands and sang some more. “I call for mouths to speak kind words and sing. I call for airways in the center of each face to form below the eyes, and two ears to form, one on each side of each head. It is I who breathes now through their nostrils and causes breath to flow in and out of their bodies freely without thought. I am the one who now opens their eyes to see, and it is I who now opens their ears to glorious sounds.” The humans looked to the sky when they heard their first sound–the etherealians singing.
SUL continued, “Mother Nature, you may now awaken and decorate Earth!” An invisible force raced from the center of Earth and circled about the planet. The humans were elated at the trees and flowers that sprang from all of Earth’s surfaces in brilliant colors. Luscious aromas from the flowers were the first aromas to fill the nostrils of the humans. Waters were made to run clean, cold, and fresh, in colors of aqua, teal, royal blue, and emerald green. SUL sang, “May My humans appreciate and respect the pleasantries of the sights, sounds, and smells of Mother Nature’s treasures for all of their days on Earth. Mother Nature herself shall remain invisible for eternity, but the signs of her works shall be forever changing at My commands.”
SUL motioned to the etherealians to move back beyond Earth’s atmosphere. He reached into His soul and again retrieved the pewter vial of free will. This time, He drank the nectar from the pewter vial without swallowing. While holding all of the liquid in His mouth, He engulfed Earth and its atmosphere with His hands then spat the nectar into the clouds and caused the clouds to rain free will upon the humans. The drops of free will were refreshing to the humans, and they danced with elation. After the rain, SUL caused them all to lie down and sleep while the nectar fully absorbed into their skin. SUL called to His etherealians to return closer to Earth than they had been and change their songs to soft lullabies. 
When the humans awakened, SUL commanded them to take a mate of the opposite sex and recreate on their own to populate Earth. And so they did.
SUL once again beckoned His etherealians. “I command that there be one-fourth of the etherealian population roaming on and immediately above Earth at all times, unnoticed, to encourage and protect My humans. Each fourth shall have charge over a season. Etherealians, you shall become invisible upon every entrance to Earth’s highest atmosphere so as to remain in secret there. Tarnnin, you may assign the first fourth to remain for the first season, which I shall call summer. Gather the rest and return with them to Maycly. Upon your return you may assign the remaining groups of etherealians to each of three other seasons in which they shall watch over Earth, those being autumn, winter, and spring.” SUL paused with enlightenment as he looked at His etherealians who were all together then He spoke with confidence, “You are free to tend to your assigned duties.” Tarnnin obeyed SUL’s request with exceeding great joy.


MANDIBLERON GRYPHONS PULLING A SKYSHIP

SUL spoke to Himself with love and anticipation, “Regarding those on Earth who trust Me: upon their day of passing, they shall be ushered to Maycly where they shall live eternally for the sake of Good. Oh! My mortal consecrated humans, your passing shall be wondrous! On your day of passing your body and spirit shall separate. Your spirit shall precede you to Maycly. Your body shall be planted in the ground and secretly retrieved from the ground by My etherealians during the night of your planting. As the etherealians carry you in their arms through the outer atmosphere to a skyship, you shall begin your time of awakening, just like the awakening of a beautiful flower in morning’s first light. You shall strap yourself into the soft enveloping seat your etherealian has chosen for you aboard the skyship. The mandibleron gryphons will march stately and roar with pride in mid-air. When the skyship is full, the mandibleron gryphons shall spread their impressive wings, and your body’s journey to Maycly will begin. Upon arrival the skyships shall land on the terrain of the chauffeuring etherealians’ choice, either soil or water. You shall then be joyfully reunited with your spirit.
You shall remain the age you are when you arrive on Maycly, unless your age has exceeded 30 years. In that case, with only a few exceptions who will be obvious, you shall return to the age of 29 and remain at that age in appearance and physical ability. You shall never taste death again, for you will be immortal. One by one you shall enter the Ushering Tree where you will be properly welcomed. You shall be known as a wightling from that day forward, and you shall dwell on Maycly forever. And this retrieving shall continue for all who trust in Me and stand for Good until Earth is no more.”
SUL was pleased with the paragon of His doings.

Part IV
Creation continued in euphonic fashion as SUL returned His full attention to Maycly.
SUL made His way to the center-most point on Maycly where He sang for a single mountain to rise and for a single river to run across the top of the mountain’s peak. He held the water back at the mountain’s edge then effortlessly moved His arms, and a mighty waterfall gushed as He sang, “I shall name you From The Beginning Falls.” The water shot out and away from the rocky wall of the mountain. He commanded it to fall and create a magnificent pool. He named the pool, Lake Origin.
“From The Beginning Falls, you shall never run dry, for you are the waters of life that continually spill into Lake Origin, which shall also be known as the Birthing Waters.” SUL spiraled with His arms spread as He leapt upward from the top of the mountain and shouted with gladness, “I bring forth the centerpiece of Maycly!” When SUL’s feet landed, He was standing on the top of From The Beginning Falls. “Tree of Breathing and Being be birthed!” shouted SUL. The top of Lake Origin rippled with waves then began to swirl into an enormous eddy. A massive water spout dropped from Lake Origin pushing its way out from the bottom of the rocky foundation. SUL created within the cyclone’s whirling walls the pinnacle root of Maycly. Roots entwined and merged to become one. The pinnacle root dangled far below the surface, and never-ending water dripped from its furthest point to fill the clouds above Earth so there would be rains to water Earth’s surface. 
SUL jumped from the top of the falls and perfectly landed on top of the branches that He had commanded to erupt from the enormous pinnacle root. “Tree of Breathing and Being, your trunk shall be two halves that join together with symbolic meaning. All who come from the Birthing Waters shall be held by your soft branches. You will cradle them as infants and bring them inner peace.”


TREE OF BREATHING AND BEING

SUL leapt from the top branches of the Tree of Breathing and Being and landed on top of the water of Lake Origin. He walked on the water and whistled mermaids into existence deep in the water beneath Him. He sang to the mermaids, “Now bring forth from the Birthing Waters the first male chukkon on Maycly.” And so they did.
SUL took the chukkonette (infant chukkon) from the mermaids into His own hands and called for the Tree of Breathing and Being to reach out its soft leafy branches to cradle its first infant. SUL placed the chukkonette on the tree’s outstretched branches. The small being lay peaceful, still, and naked. SUL had ordered arms with hands and fingers, legs with feet and toes, and a face with all of the features to be crafted during the ascent to the top of the water. SUL leaned forward, His face covering the chukkonette’s. With His first breath SUL breathed life, wisdom, knowledge, love, joy, peace, strength, endurance, and understanding into His firstborn. With His second breath, SUL gave His creation a spirit. The chukkonette giggled and wiggled when SUL’s face left his. SUL smiled.
SUL then sang softly, “And may he speak with a mixed brogue of one part jolly pirate, one part Yooper, and a pinch of Celtic nature. And may this be so for all chukkons.” SUL caused the chukkonette to fall asleep. He admired His work in deep silence. Eventually He sang with gladness, “I shall call him Ensio, meaning first. He shall grow to be merry and roundish in stature, as all chukkons should be. I will make him and all other chukkons no more than four feet tall. May Ensio age to 317 years.” SUL caused time to speed up for his first chukkonette. He watched as Ensio aged into a male chukkon of 317 on the branches; this was done for a purpose.
SUL sang again, “From Ensio himself I call forth a female chukkon and ask the branches to make a place for her next to Ensio.” Ensio remained in a deep sleep as his female counterpart emerged artfully from his side. The Tree of Breathing and Being was ever so careful with the delicate creature and laid her next to Ensio. SUL saw from her face that she was at great peace next to her soul mate. SUL cherished the pair lying together on the branch. He commanded the female chukkon to grow to the age of 317.
SUL wakened Ensio and spoke softly to him, “Welcome, My friend, to Maycly. Your name is Ensio. I have created a counterpart from you, for you. She is yours to have, to hold, and to love. She will enjoy the same with you. You may name her as you see fit.”
Ensio looked upon his counterpart lying next to him. He was pleased with her beauty and instantly felt love for her. “Thank ye me Creator. She be beautiful.” Ensio was elated at the first sounds of his voice. He laughed with joy. After he thought, he spoke. “I’ll be a-callin’ her Rachana.” SUL smiled, first at Ensio’s brogue, then his choice of name, for He knew Rachana meant Creation. Rachana awakened at the calling of her name. Ensio and Rachana hugged.


ENSIO AND RACHANA

SUL caused them to ascend from the branches and remain suspended leisurely in the air. He spoke to them, “Look at the Tree of Breathing and Being. Its trunk grows together in the middle. This is symbolic of the bond between Me, the Creator, and those who trust in Me. May it never grow apart.” Ensio and Rachana looked with respect at the tree’s mid-section and felt their trust in SUL grow another level.
“It is now the time of dressing,” SUL said as He caused Ensio and Rachana to rotate slowly in the air. He crafted chukkon apparel of special fabrics and clothed them. When they saw each others’ clothing, they were delighted at their appearances. They gently floated to the ground and found their legs to be a little wobbly at first. This made SUL laugh with compassion.
When they had gotten their balance and had walked a few steps with success, SUL directed them to the edge of the Birthing Waters from whence Ensio had come. They watched intently as the waters began to illuminate from the bottom up, revealing the multitude of lustrous coral, sea plants, and fluorescent sea life in its depths. Movement bursting through the plants and sea life startled the viewing couple. “What be a-comin’ t’wards us from the bottom?” asked Rachana. 
“They be mermaids. At least tis what I think me instincts be a-tellin’ me.” Ensio looked to SUL for reassurance. SUL nodded proudly, recognizing that the knowledge He had instilled in His first chukkon creation was already at work. The couple continued watching. From the waters emerged two angelic mermaids. SUL commanded Ensio and Rachana, “Take My gift,  your first chukkonette...your first son...from the mermaids and go to the Tree of Breathing and Being. Place him in the cradle made by the lowest branches and give him the name you so desire. The entire tree from the top-most leaf to the tip of the pinnacle root will glow at the sound of his name.” Ensio and Rachana thought long and hard. When they called out the name of their chukkonette they felt the ground faintly shiver under their feet at the Tree of Breathing and Being’s illumination. They had named him Charleo. SUL then allowed them to give the name their own meaning. They chose the meaning of Gift from the Grand Wizard.
SUL spoke to Ensio and Rachana, “Now together, take up Charleo in your arms and lift him high unto Me. Dedicate him to Me. Craft for him clothing from the fabrics provided at the base of the Tree of Breathing and Being using the magic frippery feather lying atop the pieces of cloth. Take an oath to raise him in ways pleasing to Me. Instruct him, lead him, and instill in him the same knowledge, wisdom, joy, love, and peace I have given you. Teach him the ways of Maycly.” Ensio and Rachana agreed willingly to the task, then the chukkon couple cuddled and nuzzled Charleo. Rachana made cooing sounds as their noses rubbed together, and she smiled when she felt his tiny hand barely tug on her hair.
SUL sang to Ensio and Rachana, “I shall continue to repeat the water birthings for three days to populate the land with the initial chukkons. Remain here to bring forth each new chukkonette. Perform the naming, dedicating, and clothing processes each time. You will raise them all until they come of age, then grant them permission to run into the fields to flirt and choose soul mates amongst themselves.” Ensio and Rachana looked at each other with unconstrained excitement and were honored by the task set before them.
SUL revealed His future wishes for all chukkons that are now, and are to come, to Ensio and Rachana. “There will be a female for every desiring male and vice versa; no chukkon will be left single unless he or she so wishes. Each new couple will dwell together as husband and wife. From that day forward, when a chukkon couple asks to be blessed with chukkonettes, I will call to them to come to the Birthing Waters’ edge at My appointed time. The chukkonettes I have created for them will emerge from the depths in the hands of mermaids just as did yours. Naming, dedicating, and dressing shall proceed for them just as it did for you. When a couple is called to the Birthing Waters, they may bring as many friends, family, and pets as they wish to witness and celebrate with them the new creations I call for the mermaids to deliver from the sapphire depths. Throughout the course of time there will be chukkonettes who do not age to the full 317 years but rather remain as youth for eternity; they will bring joy and keep the mindset of the young-at-heart amongst all who have reached their eternal prime. I have decided upon a designated number of chukkons for all time, and when that number is reached in many years to come, the birthings shall cease. Let that number be 777,777.” SUL paused and the four of them rested.
“When your job is completed at the Birthing Waters, I shall come for you. But for now, I must leave you to your duties and continue with My creations for Maycly.” Ensio and Rachana bowed, reflecting gratitude for being the first chukkons on Maycly, and for the gift of being able to hold their first chukkonette. “Let the birthings begin,” said SUL, then He magically disappeared. 
Ensio and Rachana named, dedicated, dressed, and wrapped every new chukkonette in one of the many blankets that SUL had provided. They placed each chukkonette under the Tree of Breathing and Being after his or her ceremony of arrival. When the last chukkonette had been wrapped, Ensio and Rachana remained alert and waited for SUL.

Part V
The hour came when SUL spoke, “Come with Me now to see things that will happen only once. For it is time for the completion of My creation, and I wish to share it with you.”
Rachana’s motherly instincts shined. “What about our little ones?” 
Alleviating her concern, SUL answered, “Your chukkonettes shall sleep and not notice your absence.”
Ensio and Rachana reached out toward SUL’s voice. Etherealians glided in circles around them, providing calmness with their soothing aromas. SUL used His miraculous power and lifted Ensio and Rachana upward and gently placed them on a nearby star. They seated themselves upon the glittering surface and watched SUL dance and sing a heartfelt lyrical production.
“Mountains, rupture from the terra firma at your will. Clothe yourselves with desired flora or stand naked without shame. Wear caps of snow if you so choose. Waterfalls, open from the sides of Maycly’s foundation and cascade into space where your mist shall always reflect the colors of light.” At the debut of the final precipice SUL continued, “Valleys, evolve accordingly. Choose your purpose, be it the Valley of Feasting for everlasting nourishment and celebration, the Valley of Villages to house and serve, the Valley of Serenity to enjoy peace and quietude, the Valley of Animals where creatures bond and frolic, or the Valley of Battles where Good shall be defended.” The narrow paths of soil between the peaks dropped and settled into place. Then each soil path expanded, pushing the mountains apart, creating a vista of wonderment. Ensio and Rachana were in awe as they gazed from their star.


MAYCLY

SUL became a maestro conducting in 6/8 time. Emitting sounds of stringed instruments, woodwinds, brasses, and percussion from His essence, He created raging sparkling rivers, white sandy beaches, brilliant flowers, trees, and lush green grass. His timpani solo made more waterfalls of immeasurable size to drop from the tops of the mountains, and His piccolo solo brought forth ponds and quiet streams stocked with eye-catching aquatic life. Unique animals and fowl hailed from His bassoon solo. Ensio and Rachana danced together when each new creation came into being.
SUL sang scat-man style, “Silver-white clouds, appear. Gardens, playgrounds, homes, you are free to show yourselves.” Ensio and Rachana chuckled as additional little flying Sprites puffed into existence like popcorn, and upon their completion SUL sang to them, “Sprites, flit about and present yourselves as joyous servants to all.” 
SUL reached for the Valley of Villages and closed His eyes. Where His finger touched Maycly’s surface was where He called for the first village, “Paramount village, come into existence!” He opened His eyes when the land shook, and He spoke to the village that had appeared from the land. “I shall call you Tahqrusalom, meaning The Friendly Place.” When Tahqrusalom was finished, SUL touched the surface in the Valley of Villages in several places, causing more villages to emerge. He gave each village an individual name. It took a long time for each portion of each village to finish with its detailed evolution, but SUL, Ensio, and Rachana were patient and watched until the end.
SUL then lifted Ensio and Rachana from their star and let go of them. He caused them to descend gracefully and come to rest on the ground. “Your feet are the first to discover the paramount village of Tahqrusalom. Explore and enjoy!” said SUL. They instantly fell in love with the quaint village.
“Look Rachana! Main Street be paved with shiny cobblestones.” 
Rachana glanced, knelt, and scooped up a handful of sidewalk, then she made an observation of her own. “Ensio, the sidewalk, tis made of sweet smellin’ mulch!” 
Ensio knelt to take a whiff. They looked above them and noticed that the branches of the large trees created a plush canopy over Main Street. Ensio’s eyes lowered and he shouted at what caught his eye. “Rachana! Look at the shoppes crafted within the trees that be a-linin’ Main Street!” 
“There be one of every kind of shoppe.”
Ensio gasped as he looked down the side of Main Street they were on. “A pipe shoppe. And a pub.”
Rachana gasped then squealed, “Oh! And look! A spa...and a confectionery.” They also saw the haberdashery, the food pantry, the head-to-toe clothier, and the gift shoppe. They turned and dashed chukkon style to the other side of the street and peered through the windows of the flower shoppe, the hot chocolate cafe, the banner shoppe, the gemstone shoppe, and the pet supply shoppe. A home was built in the trees above each shoppe where the owners would dwell.
“I canna wait fer our chukkonettes ta grow up and see which ones choose a craft.” Rachana’s tone was misty.
At Rachana’s coaxing they ventured on, down side streets lined with small fanciful houses surrounded by picket fences and colorful hedges. Rachana held her face in surprise, “Oh, will ye be a-lookin’ at these. The window boxes be filled with petaled gaieties.” She stopped and smiled at another epiphany. “These’ll be the homes of our chukkonettes...and our chukkonettes’ chukkonettes!”
When they came to the end of Tahqrusalom they looked westward and saw cabins and cottages dotted about in no certain fashion in the out-lands. “Look at the valley walls. Some of the dwellin’s be built right inta the hillsides!” exclaimed Ensio. Rachana gleamed.
SUL smiled as He watched them make their discoveries, each one trying to top the others find. SUL caught their eyes as He waved from above the biggest dwelling they could see in the out-lands. 
“That must be our cottage!” shouted Ensio. SUL nodded with pleasure confirming Ensio’s remark. Rachana blushed.
Eventually they found themselves back at The Tree of Breathing and Being. They heard SUL’s voice call to them, “You may wake your chukkonettes and unwrap them from their blankets.” 
Ensio and Rachana rushed to awaken their chukkonettes at SUL’s beckoning.
“While you were discovering new territories, I was silently instructing the sleeping chukkonettes how to walk. Now go to the cottage I have built for you. Take with you your chukkonettes; there is room for all.” Ensio and Rachana did not dawdle. They led all of their chukkonettes like baby fowl following close behind in a row. The sight was charming to SUL.
The Birthing Waters rested for many years.
SUL delicately pulled the Creation Block from the air and tucked it away in the Tree of Breathing and Being.

Part VI
SUL sang orders for a grandiose castle to form within His clasped hands. He could feel every point of every tower and spire, every window, and every brick taking shape in His palms. This would be His fortress. Upon completion, SUL’s hands flew open. There, hovering before Him, was His place of refuge. He sang to the castle, “Maycly is your home. You shall saunter without restraint. You, My castle, are free to linger about the sky ensuring Maycly’s inhabitants that I, SUL, their Grand Wizard, dwell with them.”
SUL called out with a great sound of joy, “Tarnnin, come to Me and find your new place in which we will abide together.” Tarnnin knew the voice of SUL and was immediately at His side. “Enter, My friend, and tell Me if it suits you.” SUL’s voice was warmly inviting to Tarnnin.
At his first glance upon entering the massive foyer Tarnnin spoke,”It is everything and more my Creator.”
“Come with Me and discover the details of your palace,” said SUL.
Tarnnin found that the spectacular castle had many welcoming rooms filled with flower arrangements, artwork, incense, and sculptures for any Maycly resident to enjoy. There was a diverse selection of rooms, some for meditating, others for visiting, and still others for sleeping and dining.
Unusual instruments, played by Sprites, provided comforting classical style pieces for all who entered the throne room. This elegant room held two oversized thrones placed on marble risers. The thrones were adorned with emerald-cut diamonds and rubies. The arms were padded and covered with black velvet. The seats were stuffed with soft filling, and the covers could be changed at will from the softest fleece to the smoothest leather. The feet on the detailed carved legs of the thrones were in the shape of large claws. Each claw was grasping in its clutches a representation of the blue-green planet Earth SUL had created. From their thrones SUL and Tarnnin could see the entire creation from Earth to Maycly and beyond.
Behind and above the two thrones were the only twelve fiery castle sentinels created. They were perched on the massive branches of redwood pines that towered to the ceiling. They roared in their own royal style each time a visitor entered the castle to let SUL and Tarnnin know that guests had arrived. Etherealians danced and flew above and behind the sentinels. Dotted around the throne room were many padded chairs situated in groups around low glass-top tables with scrolled wooden bases, and decorated with ever-changing floral arrangements. It was a peaceful place for Mayclysians to come and be with SUL.


FIERY CASTLE SENTINEL

Extremely large crystal panels created the ceiling of the throne room. They were held together with a woven grid of pure white gold. There were emeralds, pearls, and amethysts embedded in the white gold strips. An unbroken ring of living flowers and vines constantly moved and circled the bottom edge of the crystal rotunda giving off an aroma that was so satisfying it would be difficult for visitors to relinquish their stay. Outside the crystal panels, etherealians made elegant passes. SUL was looking forward to preparing special grand gatherings where all could come to the castle to be together, to dance, to feast, and to sing. 
SUL took Tarnnin by the hand and led him out of the castle. Together they hovered watching in awe as golden light beams shot straight down to the ground from the front edge of the castle’s welcoming court yard. There was no set pattern to the way each beam swept Maycly’s surface. “These beams will serve as the pathways to the castle’s entrance from the valleys, mountains, rivers, lakes, fields, and forests. Let it be known, all Mayclysians are welcome anytime, day or twilight, to use the beams as a means to enter the castle.” SUL and Tarnnin were the first to glide down a castle beam, and land on the shoreline of Lake Origin. Tarnnin was humbled that he was the one with whom SUL had chosen to share this moment.     
As they walked SUL created a path. With every step pathlight ivy appeared and illuminated the walkway encircling Lake Origin. SUL spoke to Tarnnin about many things that had been, that were, and that were to come.


PATHLIGHT IVY

“Creation is complete. May the Goodness of Maycly always be worth defending. Let us rest.” SUL and Tarnnin caught a beam and rode it together back to the castle, entered and walked the grand hallway to the throne room, and took their seats. 
SUL’s appearance was that of a tall, established wightling. He created and chose to live and breathe from inside a golden transparent aura boasting constant, twinkling, free-floating, rare gemstones at both the top and bottom.
One day after Ensio and Rachana had moved into their cottage, Rachana was busy with the chukkonettes while Ensio sat by the window and tried to take in all he had witnessed. SUL enhanced Ensio’s fascination at the window and spoke, “I must ask of you one last thing Ensio.”
A little shocked, but sincerely joyful, Ensio responded. “Anythin’ Ye desire me Creator.”
“In time I will call upon you for one final task. At My bidding you are to return to the Tree of Breathing and Being.  A door will appear on the backside of the tree. Open the door, take the ever-burning torch in your hand, and proceed to the Creation Block where you will find a large book with blank pages and a quill pen resting beside it. Take a seat in the chair provided, place the torch in the torch holder, then open the book. Take in your hand the quill pen beside the book and begin to scribble as I speak. This will be known as The Book of Good and Evil. At its completion I will delight in creating a second copy. You will take the original The Book of Good and Evil and display it in the glass case which you will find in the center of the village of Tahqrusalom. You will take the duplicate copy to My messenger etherealian, Carbreyghal, who will deliver it to Earth and leave it in a designated place in a dry sea for the humans of Earth to find and duplicate. You and the humans on Earth will then be allowed to share the stories of this book with others. Encourage your chukkonettes to share the stories with their families, and so on.”
“I, Ensio, have written the words above at SUL’s prompting.”

Iona felt a rush of adrenaline. The hair stood on the back of her neck and goosebumps raised at the last words she read.  As she closed The Book of Good and Evil, Wiskee lapped a tear from her cheek and stared at her. She twiddled the golden key charm on his collar and kissed him on the head. Then they both snuggled under the covers and fell fast asleep.

• • • •

The original The Book of Good and Evil took several years of scribbling by Ensio to finish. SUL narrated the beginning to the end to Ensio, who beautifully transcribed every word. When Ensio scribbled the last word, he closed the book and placed the quill back in its holder. He watched as SUL miraculously created the duplicate copy. Upon completion, Ensio took both books and did as he had been instructed.
When Ensio was out of sight, SUL returned to The Tree of Breathing and Being. He secretly penned an additional scribbling and hid it within. He exited the tree and sealed the door then called for two moss-covered rocks to appear, one on each side of the door. He created the only two curly-horned mardots in existence and placed each one on a large rock to stand guard. 


CURLY-HORNED MARDOT

Only one other than SUL would have dominion over the curly-horned mardots, and only that one, other than SUL, could enter there. SUL called that one “the thief.”


Chapter 5
Today Is the Day

Almost two years had passed since Iona had found Wiskee on her doorstep, they had run away, and The Man Behind The Dumpster had shown them to their new apartment. Spending quality time with each other had greatly increased the bond between Iona and Wiskee. It was getting tough for Iona to leave him in the mornings to do her daily visits.   
Waking with a jump Iona shouted, “Cole? Cole? Are you here?” No answer. Wiskee sadly dropped his ears and whined in a throaty tone. Iona cried out again, “Cole? Cole?” Still no answer. She sat with her head hanging sorrowfully once she realized she had only dreamed he had come home. She tried to grasp how long she, Cole, Ann, and Leonard would be separated; forever was not an option in her mind. 
Wiskee nestled tight against Iona’s side with his face near hers. She looked to him for comfort; he responded with a spitty facial. “Ew! Ew! Ew! You’re so sloppy with that, but I wouldn’t trade the lovin’ for nuttin’!” Iona said wrinkling her nose and rubbing Wiskee’s ears.
It was Sunday, Iona’s day off. She wanted to go looking for her family yet another time, especially after the dream that seemed so real. She got up and fixed a bite of breakfast for Wiskee and herself then changed from her pajamas to street clothes.
“Come here little buddy. Let’s get you packed up ready to go,” said Iona scooping him from the bed. Wiskee’s tail wagged big at the word “go.” She put him in his pouch and he dangled contentedly from the carrying contraption on his momma’s front side.
After another long and unfruitful hunt Iona returned to the apartment. She pulled Wiskee from the carrying pouch and set him on the bed. “I’ve just got to find them. Again, I’ve let myself down. I left our old house with great intentions, but I’ve been through the wringer. I’m losing my gumption to continue the search.” She heard herself saying all the wrong things at her pity party, so she adjusted her words. “I will keep looking, waiting, or whatever it takes. I made a promise to myself and them that I would never...listen to yourself, Iona...NEVER stop looking for them.” Wiskee yipped with a sparkle in his eye. Iona gave him a half smile.
They spent the rest of the day together. Wiskee nudged her several times to play ball, and Iona did her best. When supper time came Iona fixed herself a grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup. Wiskee dined on some leftover chicken and a splash of milk. Iona was glad when she finally felt sleepy enough to go to bed, forget the day, and wake up to the routine of a Monday morning.

•  •  •  •

“OK, I’ve gotta go Wiskee.” Iona scritched his head; his tail wagged. “No, you’re not going with me today; it’s back to work for me.” Iona felt like she had let him down. She turned on the music player so he would have some kind of soothing noise for the day. She returned to the bed, cuddled him, kissed him, and almost cried when she walked out the door. Pulling the door shut behind her, she watched him through the door’s window. She told herself, He’ll be just fine. He roughed up the pillows and curled up. She figured he would do what most dogs do well–sleep all day. She was confident he knew she would return.
Iona looked at the stairs, held her head high, adjusted her attitude, and started the day with a smile. But as most days went, it did not last long. “Who am I kidding with the ‘Miss Positive’ act?” she mumbled with her hands in her pockets, kicking sticks and stones along the way.  Her body still felt much pain, and the constant fever kept her on edge. Frustrated and hurting, she tried to think of more places her family could possibly be. 
Iona gently opened the door on the house of her first visit for the day. “Knock, knock. Emmie, it’s me, Iona.” Emmie was one of Iona’s best friends. Iona marveled that, even though Emmie was an elderly woman who was bed-ridden, she always had a smile and a wonderful story to tell.  
“Iona!” exclaimed Emmie from her bedroom with a smile in her voice. “It’s always so good to see you. Come in here right away.” Emmie’s voice faded. “I’ve got something for you.” 
Iona dropped her purse on the chair and approached the door of the bedroom. Iona was heartbroken at the sight. What she saw was not what she was expecting. Emmie had more machines hooked to her today than at the last visit. Iona corrected the deer-in-the-headlights look on her face to a cheerful one. “Whatcha got for me Emmie?” 
“SUL sent Carbreyghal to talk to me. He was beautiful. He shined and glittered. He was all sparkly, and you know I love sparkly.” Her smile widened. “He had a butterfly for his eye decoration.” Emmie’s voice matched her frail appearance.
“Yes, I do know you like sparkly.” Iona chuckled nervously while glancing at the lampshade and trinkets. Looking at all the added life-support equipment made Iona think Emmie’s meds had probably increased in dosage as well. 
“I know what you’re thinking: A crazy old woman on too many medicines is hallucinating about seeing SUL’s personal messenger right here right in her bedroom.” 
Iona knew from Emmie’s tone she was trying to prove she was not crazy. Iona returned a loving smile and reached for Emmie’s hand. “No, no. I wouldn’t ever think that of you.” Iona was using her rusty actress skills, patting Emmie’s hand.
“Well, it doesn’t matter what you think. I know it happened. He left a note for you, there, on the dresser. See it?” Emmie pointed with an arthritic finger.
“Yeah, sure, I see it.” Iona walked toward the dresser, playing along. Then she gasped and asked, “You mean this letter here, written on the fancy parchment that starts off ‘Dear Iona’...and ends with... ‘Trust Me, SUL’?”
It took Emmie a while to find the strength to answer. She breathed a rattling breath and forced herself to speak. “That would be the one my dear.” She breathed with a rattle again. Iona returned to the bed; she had barely been able to hear Emmie’s words. Emmie wheezed, “Carbreyghal said to be sure that I get it to you.” She breathed another shallow gasp, and her voice became even softer. “You are to read it and follow its instructions.” Iona leaned in, brushed the hair from Emmie’s forehead, then took Emmie’s hand in hers. Emmie took another shallow breath and mustered up all of her effort. “If you do that, SUL will be so proud of you.” Emmie smiled, and Iona watched as her eyes took on a blank stare. Those were Emmie’s last words. 
“No, no, NO! Don’t leave me, Emmie. Everyone keeps leaving me.” Iona was desperate. She hugged Emmie with compassion, sobbing. She rose, ran to the kitchen, and called the emergency squad from Emmie’s phone in hopes the caller ID would show up on the other end to provide an address. She raced back to the bedroom and performed CPR through her tears until the paramedics arrived. 
It was not long before Iona heard the sirens and rushed to the door. She led the paramedics straight to Emmie’s bedroom and watched them take over. Standing in the background Iona bit her lip and breathed with a short, rapid pace. She could not stop crying.
“There’s nothing we can do for her,” said one of the paramedics as she approached Iona and held her close to console her. Iona broke down.
“I tried to do CPR, but I probably messed it up,” Iona looked embarrassed; she had never had any self-confidence in situations like this. 
“You did your best,” said the paramedic still holding Iona. 
Another paramedic spoke, “It seems she really took a liking to you over the past year or so.” He took Emmie’s diary lying open on the vanity and handed it to Iona. “You may want to keep this.”
“I’m here! I’m here! Oh Emmie, dear Emmie,” shouted The Man Behind The Dumpster. Iona turned at his familiar voice then ran to hold onto him for comfort. She felt odd doing so, as she had not seen him for a long time, but he was a familiar face in a troubling moment.
“You knew Emmie too?” asked Iona.
“I did indeed. She was very special to me. I visited her often, and she did nothing but talk about you and ask when you’d be coming to visit her next.” The Man Behind The Dumpster wiped Iona’s tears away with his soft knitted scarf. They stood arm in arm and watched as the paramedics removed the IVs and other medical equipment attached to Emmie, then they covered her face gently with the sheet. 
“The coroner will be here soon. We can handle it from here.” The female paramedic winked at The Man Behind The Dumpster. “Why don’t you walk Iona home so she can get some rest.” 
“I can certainly do that,” he said lovingly, and they started toward the door.
“Wait!” shouted Iona. “I can’t forget the letter!” She ran to the dresser and grabbed it. She walked toward The Man Behind The Dumpster, staring hard at the parchment with every step. The Man Behind The Dumpster put his arm around her shoulders, turned and winked back at the paramedics, and they gave him a reassuring smile and a thumbs-up. The Man Behind The Dumpster took Iona home the long way so they could enjoy a walk through the park to help calm her down. By the time they arrived at her apartment, her tears were nearly gone.
“Would you like to come in for some raspberry tea?” asked Iona.
“No thank you. I’ve got some things I need to do.”
Tears welled up in Iona’s eyes again. “But I’m not much up on being alone right now. And besides, I’m sure Wiskee would love to see you since it’s been quite a while,” coaxed Iona.
“All right. I’ll come in and see Wiskee, but I can’t stay long. OK?” 
“Deal.” Iona wiped her nose and put on a tiny smile of gratitude.
They entered the apartment. Wiskee went nuts at the sight of both of them. He did not wait for Iona to get all the way to the bed. He leaped into her arms, kissed her, then wiggled, obviously wanting to get to The Man Behind The Dumpster. Iona let Wiskee climb into his arms. 
“Well, there’s my little buddy! How’ve you been? I hope you’ve been good.”
“Oh, he has.” Iona was finally wearing a big smile. She handed The Man Behind The Dumpster a mug of tea.
“WOW! It’s even got tiny pink marshmallows on top!”
They enjoyed their cups of sweetness together and chatted for a long while. Wiskee got to lick the mugs when they were finished.
“Ah, that was wonderful, Iona. Thank you. I’m glad I came in!” The Man Behind The Dumpster was petting Wiskee, who now sat on his lap.
“And I’m glad to make you smile,” said Iona. The Man Behind The Dumpster was honored to be visibly back in her presence.
“I’d best be going. I can’t believe I’ve stayed this long. Like I said, I’ve got things to get done.” He stood and patted Wiskee on the head.
“Oh, but wait. I haven’t read my letter from SUL.” Iona hobbled to fetch her purse. When she turned around, a small tree decorated with lights of all colors, fresh blooms, and shiny things hanging from its branches was sitting by the couch, and it was complete with two neatly wrapped packages lying underneath. The Man Behind The Dumpster had disappeared. She did not remember hearing the door open and close but still hurried to the door to watch him hop and skip down the street. “I don’t see him anywhere. I guess he went a different way this time, huh Wiskee?” She looked again. Wiskee wagged his tail, did a low grunting thing, and stared in the door’s general direction. The Man Behind The Dumpster had not left; he had just made himself invisible and was standing beside the door. Wiskee knew it. 
Iona turned from the door’s window and glanced at the packages. When she saw that one was for her and the other for Wiskee she smiled warmly. Still invisible, The Man Behind The Dumpster crouched down beside her and smiled. Wiskee was curious about the packages, so he joined Iona. The Man Behind The Dumpster placed his hand on Iona’s shoulder, but Iona did not feel it. He marveled at the warm feeling she gave him when he touched her. Wiskee barked, making Iona jump, but she went right back to admiring the shiny boxes. Though Iona had become accustomed to strange happenings in her life, The Man Behind The Dumpster knew she was not ready to deal with everything just yet.
“Yap!” Wiskee’s bark broke her train of thought again.
“OK, we’ll open them now. They don’t say we have to wait until Winter Holiday,” Iona chuckled knowing Winter Holiday was still a few months away. She took the packages as she took a seat on the couch. Wiskee hopped up beside her. When she removed the lid of her present, her heart skipped several beats. It was the family heirloom necklace from her wedding day. She had buried it deep in the ground back at the old house years ago when they learned she would never be able to bear children. She almost put it on, but could not bring herself to do so. She placed it back in the box and put the box on the shelves, out of sight behind some of the other knickknacks. She stood in amazement, staring at the shelves.     
“Yap!” 
Iona snapped to again at Wiskee’s bark, returned to the couch, and helped him unwrap his present. He pulled the lid off with his teeth then stuck his whole head inside. Out he came with a small bag of treats labeled “Gramma Hilda’s Doggie Delights.” There was a note attached, so Iona read it aloud.

“Can’t wait to meet you!
Hope these will tide you over
until we get to see you.
I baked these special; 
they’re peanut butter and honey flavor.
Tell Iona we said Hello.
Love, Gramma Hilda”

Iona’s brows pushed downward. “I had a Gramma Hilda.” She hesitated. “Nah, couldn’t be.” She shook her head as Wiskee was tearing into the treats.
While Iona’s back was turned The Man Behind The Dumpster quietly opened the door and slipped out unnoticed, at least to Iona.
“Yap!” 
“What are you so bark-ity about? Hmm?” Wiskee looked at Iona with an innocent stare then went back to finishing his treats.
“OK, let’s get to it.” She picked up the parchment letter she had brought from Emmie’s house and read the short letter to herself twice. Then she read it aloud:

“Dear Iona,
Today is the day.
Trust Me.
• SUL •”

There was a purple rose below SUL’s name. When she spoke His name, the rose gave off a pleasant floral scent like none she had ever smelled. After inhaling the fragrance Iona was shocked that somehow she knew what the Grand Wizard’s note meant. Huffing and groaning she lowered herself to the floor. She yanked on her suitcase and brought it out from under the bed, resituated herself, then opened it. She dug through her leftover homeless days supplies. “I know I put them in here.” She dug deeper through the old clothes and trinkets. Her heart skipped a beat when she felt what she was looking for. “Ah-ha–there they are.” She pulled the flat bag from under the lining and rubbed her thumbs across the brown paper nervously several times. She tossed the bag atop the bed and pulled herself up. She stared at the bag again and her stomach did a flip. Taking the bag with her, she took a seat on the couch. Wiskee sat at her feet. “I can do this. I can do this.” She inhaled sharply and let it out slowly to try and relax herself. 
Wiskee’s ears perked at the crackling sound of the bag when she began to open it. He could not contain himself and jumped up onto her lap to get in on the action. Iona closed her eyes and unfolded the last fold, reached in and felt the contents. Wiskee pawed at her hand anxiously. “You think this is another treat for you, don’t you?” She wrinkled her nose at him. “Well, it is a treat in a sense, but not one you’d want to eat.” She scritched him under his chin, taking time to get her nerve up. She glanced back at the mystery tree and still wondered what to think about it. She told herself, “Stop stalling you coward. Do it just like ripping off a Band-Aid; take a deep breath and yank fast.” She sucked in air once again and held it. Swoosh! She pulled the contents from the bag and let out a fast sigh. “Hi everybody!” she shouted. 
Wiskee tilted his head. She had not looked at these photos since she had taken them off the wall at the old house where she and Cole had displayed them. She anticipated breaking down in tears when she saw them but was pleased that she maintained her composure. She started to make her way through the photos, putting them in a certain order that made her happy then began to give Wiskee a slide show. “This is Cole, your ‘daddy,’ or would be if he were here.” She moved the photo in front of Wiskee as if she thought he would really look. His reaction caught her off guard. 
“Yap! Yap! Yap!” Wiskee was looking straight at Cole. He pawed at the photo causing it to pop out of Iona’s hand. It came to rest on the coffee table. He jumped to the coffee table and put his paw on the photo and looked at Iona. Again, “Yap! Yap! Yap!” 
“What are you doing Wiskee?”
“Yap! Yap! Yap!” 
Iona was trying her best to figure out his reaction. She tossed another photo onto the coffee table to see what he would do. “This one is of your Gramma Ann and Grampa Leonard. They’re my mommy and daddy.” 
Wiskee pounced on the photo and barked again.
“Are you kidding me? You act like you know them. You weren’t even around when I took these photos down. And you were tucked in your basket when we left the old house, so you wouldn’t have seen me kissing my secret photo of Cole. I don’t even get it out and do that anymore. Come to think of it, I haven’t done that since the last time I was standing on our old porch. You’ve never met Cole...nor Ann or Leonard...” her voice trailed off. She looked into Wiskee’s eyes. “Or have you?” She paused. “What am I saying? I’ve lost it–totally lost it! I’m talking to you like you understand all of this. This is just a coincidence.” She stared into space and heard herself chattering out loud. “Maybe, just maybe, Wiskee knows their whereabouts and is trying to tell me that.” She snapped herself back into reality. “I’ve watched too many TV shows with dogs that know exactly what their owners are saying or where they’re trapped and in need of rescue. I’m a production master. I know those things are only make believe.” She still was not convinced. “But what if they aren’t? What if that really could happen? There I go again–more false hope. I guess I’m just demented from being so determined to find them.”  
“Yap! Yap! Yap!” Wiskee pounced repeatedly with his front feet, one paw landing on Cole’s photo, the other on the one of Ann and Leonard.
After a moment of hesitation Iona asked Wiskee a question, secretly hoping to get an answer. “Do you know where they are?” Wiskee stared at her hard with his beady eyes, his tail wagging. She asked again. “Do - you - know - where - they - are?”  
“Yap!” 
Iona was almost starting to believe Wiskee. “Enough of this silliness. We’re going to hang these pictures on the wall. It’s been too long since I’ve been able to look at them without crying. I guess today was the day! Thanks SUL.” She smiled, still not wanting to fully trust SUL just yet, but she figured He was the only answer to many of her questions right now.
Iona did not own a hammer or nails, so she found a roll of tape and used the sticky strips to put the family pictures on the walls. Wiskee followed her every move. The last pictures she hung were two close-ups: one of Cole and her, the other of Ann and Leonard. She positioned them on the wall just above the head of the bed. “There, that should do it. Now wherever I am in the apartment, I can see ‘our’ family. Right Wiskee?” Happily she studied the photos, but eventually her emotions got the best of her. She decided it was late enough to lie down and try to get some sleep. Wiskee barked and Iona looked at him. He stood on his hind legs at the head of the bed and placed a paw first on the photo of Cole and Iona, then moved it over to Ann and Leonard’s portrait, and barked one more time. 
“What - ever.” Iona’s mind wandered and raced. She wanted to find her family and could not overcome the thought that Wiskee must know something. He nudged under his momma’s chin to get her to look at the photos again. 
Somewhat harassed Iona looked just to appease him. She was startled. “That can’t be happening.” She rubbed her eyes. “We’re...peeling away from the paper and coming to life?” She watched dumbfounded as the miniature Iona and her family came toward her and frolicked together in the air. She saw them begin to dance around her head in a circle, throwing colorful flower petals from baskets that appeared in their hands. Oh, there’s the wonderful smell of those flowers again. She inhaled as much as she could. Ann reached her hand out to Iona’s cheek, touched her, and Iona felt her mother’s warmth. Leonard winked at her and Cole blew her a kiss. The halo of visuals was unbelievable to Iona. She could not take her eyes off the floating holograms as they danced by in her view. Then the ghost-like circle of miniatures broke formation. Leaving fading footprints of sparkles in the air, each image returned to his or her outlined image on the photos. 
“No. Please don’t go. We were together, having fun. I could feel your touch. Please, don’t leave me,” Iona begged as she watched her family wave. When they had made their way back into their photos, Cole leaned over and kissed Iona’s cheek in their photo; Iona’s real cheek blushed under her tears. All she could think of was actually–physically–being with them right now.
Iona looked at Wiskee in deep thought. I wonder if they really are on Maycly, because what just happened totally made me think of that place. She could not stop thinking about it. Wiskee became her instant audience. “Can you even imagine what an enchanted place Maycly would be?” She thought she saw Wiskee’s eyes widen; her self appointed cue to present an ad libbed monologue. “For me, it would be a place filled with laughter, joy, and love. A place with no more crying, no more sorrow, no more death, and no more pain.”  
“Yap! Yap!” 
“Oh, and of course you’d be there with me.” She patted Wiskee on the head. “What if Maycly’s sky was so blue it would be unfathomable? What if you could fly and do stunts with birds, or dive into the depths with sea life, or walk with animals of all sorts who aren’t afraid of you?”
“Yap! Yap! Yap!” 
“You’re quite the excited one, aren’t you little buddy?” Iona tried to dance, but her legs were wobbly with pain. She did not care. Her hands flew into the air as she made a sloppy twirl. “What if Maycly were a place where surfers could ride large waves for hours and land gently on sandy shores? Where kayakers could endlessly shoot the biggest of rapids and the spray of the river waters would continually cool their faces!”  
Iona moved across the room and gathered up some kitchen utensils into a bouquet and inhaled them as though she were smelling roses. “What if the sweetest aromas came from gardens blooming with flowers that would light up and change colors whenever they felt like it?” She sniffed the utensils again, this time smelling jasmine in her mind.
“Yap! Yap! Yap!”      
“You seem to be enjoying this, little buddy, so I’ll keep going. Who am I to diss an attentive audience?” Iona laughed, made another unbalanced spin, and tossed the utensil bouquet, sending it clanking into the sink. She spun again, this time almost flawlessly stopping herself in a ballet dancer's position. “What if Maycly was someplace where anyone could fly a kite and the wind conditions would always be perfect to do so? And what if sky diving never ended until you wanted it to?” She whirled haphazardly across the room then flopped backwards onto the bed.  “A world with different terrains for different likes: beaches, palm trees, mountains, snow, or rolling fields, all accessible by being carried on the wings of an etherealian. Maycly must be a place so special it would be my wildest dream come true!”
She found enough strength to stand back up. Gallantly swinging her comforter around her shoulders like a royal robe, placing the lampshade on her head as her crown, and taking up the feather duster as her scepter, she continued. “If I were queen of Maycly, Evil would be banished forever!” Iona was now standing on the bed. She took a bow, and Wiskee yapped.  
“I’m plum wore out! Let’s call it a night, Wiskee.” Long ago no one could have convinced her that Maycly was not real. But under her current circumstances she had only been playing make believe to take her mind off the magic photos. She removed her makeshift royal wear and gave the feather duster a quick flip toward the couch, but it missed and hit the ground. She rolled her eyes and lay down, snuggling under the covers. Instead of lying by her side, Wiskee chose to lie at the top of her head next to the photos. He kept grunting and whining.   
“No more acting...and no more people coming out of photos. That was just some kind of something I don’t even want to think about any longer.” Iona had already talked herself out of believing that any of the previous happenings that night were real. 
Wiskee continued begging her to look at the photos, but she would not. He barked toward the window. 
“No little buddy. Let’s get some sleep and forget about everything for a while, please.”  She pulled the covers up higher. “Now get under here with me.” He unwillingly wiggled underneath the covers and curled by her side, his tiny head joining hers on the pillow. Wiskee finally went to sleep, but Iona remained wide awake.  
After about half an hour, still trying to get to sleep herself, Iona felt a faint breeze blow gently over her face. She knew both her window and door were closed. “Who’s there?” she whispered but got no answer. “Hello? Is anyone there?” Still no answer. She was too afraid to come out from under the covers to check it out. Wiskee snuggled tighter. She felt the sweat bead on her brow, something she had grown used to. “This is going to be a long night. I can just tell.” Three more hours passed, and the breeze never returned. When she finally nodded off, she dreamt of Maycly. 
The Man Behind The Dumpster appeared. Wiskee poked his head out of the covers, and The Man Behind The Dumpster gave him the signal not to bark or wag his tail. Wiskee obeyed. The Man Behind The Dumpster quietly placed a vase of purple roses on the coffee table then quietly opened the window. He saw Carbreyghal, smiling from across the street atop a building where he had landed after making a pass through Iona’s room shortly after she had gone to bed. Carbreyghal blew a kiss, causing The Man Behind The Dumpster’s scarf to move and the covers to ruffle slightly. 
“Sleep tight, Iona. Tomorrow will be a big day for you and Wiskee,” whispered The Man Behind The Dumpster. For several minutes he stared in awe at the sleeping Iona. Then he left through the window and slid it closed. Wiskee’s heavy eyes barely cracked back open. 
Iona was in dreamland. She rolled over, and her eyes opened, though she was half asleep. She smiled when she saw the roses. Hmmm, must have been that crazy guy, The Man Behind The Dumpster. He comes and goes in the weirdest ways. Her eyes closed on their own. She sighed contentedly, and started dreaming again.


Chapter 6
Am I Crazy?

Iona entered her apartment with her arms overly full of daily necessities and one extra bag. She leaned against the door, her cheeks puffed, her lips parted, and she let out a big sigh of relief as her purse dropped from her shoulder. “Hooray for me. I made it through another day.” She emptied her arms, dumping the stuff on the catch-all table by the door. Wiskee knew what was next, so he readied himself to greet her in a fashion only he could do. She hobbled over in pain and plopped, back first, onto her comfortable bed. 
All ten pounds of Wiskee pounced on her chest. “Doh!” She wrinkled her nose and smiled; across her forehead, on her eyes, over her cheeks, on her lips, and even up her nose went Wiskee’s little licker. A bigger smile covered her face. “So many kisses! Where do you store them all? You’re just a wittle doggie!” She rubbed his ears as if kneading dough and his tail wagged. “What would I ever do without you?” She moved him gently from her chest to the bed for a belly rubbins. 
After the tickling, Iona picked Wiskee up and set him on the box on his chair that put him at table height at the dining table. She slowly lowered her finger and touched the tip of his button nose, making it twitch, while she sang the entire birthday song to him. Two years ago to the day Wiskee had shown up on her doorstep in his basket, so she considered this his birthday. She pulled a plastic bib from the extra bag and tied it around his neck. He licked his chops. Then she pulled out a vanilla cupcake heavily frosted with white icing for the two of them to share. 
When every crumb had been snarfed up, Iona decided to take a nice hot bubble bath. Her chronic illnesses had ballooned to the point that now even the fewest of steps became an epic journey. She hobbled to the music player, turned it on, and cranked up the volume. She pointed her finger at Wiskee as she closed the door. “I’m heading into my ‘spa’ so it’s up to you to hold down the fort.” The door latched shut. She lit a candle and leaned back against the sink, then closed her eyes and imagined being at a real spa as water began to fill the tub.
A shimmering cloud hovered at the foot of Iona's bed. A stranger poked his head out. “Wow! It doesna seem ta matter how many trips ye be a-takin’, tis still a thrillin’ journey in that wispy-coach.” The enchanted elf-like man could not have been happier to be on this mission. He kept his voice down. “And I dunna see Iona anywhere in here, so that be a good thin’. But I be a-seein’ ye, Wiskee. How’ve ye been a-doin’? Everythin’ a-goin’ well?” The little man and his accompanying travelers hopped from the wispy-coach, and it started to fizzle away.
Iona was preoccupied with her spa fantasy when she realized she could hear Wiskee barking over the music. Probably sees a mouse. Turning off the running water, she deliberately paid no attention to him. Just before dipping her foot into the frothy water she stopped and mumbled under her breath, “He never barks and barks like that. Plus, I’ve never seen enough mice in this place to justify that much barking.” She sighed then wrapped her torso in an over-sized towel, bent slightly, and squinted through the drafty crack in the door where it did not hang quite level. 
That’s not a mouse! Her palms became sweaty, and goose bumps rippled over her skin. She had just missed the shimmering cloud fizzling out at the foot of her bed but saw the little gnome-like creature standing there. She saw him give Wiskee the “Shhh” gesture, but it did not work. 
Iona tried to make sense of things and murmured under her breath, “Who is that? He sure is a chubby little sort. This has gotta be somebody playing a joke on me...but who? I don’t know anybody that short...in fact I don’t know much of anybody anymore.” 
She utilized her creative state of mind in an attempt to calm down. This guy would be perfect on a fairytale set. That dark purple Lederhosen, the extremely floppy cuffs and collar on a shirt that changes color with every move, the kink at the top of that pointy purple hat, the green velvet vest, the curl-toed shoes, silvery-red hair...he’s a picture. 
She began putting the puzzle together in her mind. Wait a minute. Short? Chubby? Gnome-like attire? He reminds me of the pictures of the chukkons in The Book of Good and Evil. But they only live on Maycly. What am I, crazy? There certainly can’t be a chukkon in here. Not in my apartment.
The music stopped, and so did Wiskee’s barking. It was now uncomfortably quiet. Iona noticed something else. There are buzzing...somethings...around his head. I wonder what those are?
“Now on with ye! And outta me eyesight ye li’l jollies!” The little man shooed at the buzzing somethings and they darted here and there. Startled at his voice, Iona thought his brogue sounded a bit unearthly.
When the enchanted man followed Wiskee’s gaze to the bathroom door, Iona’s eyes widened. Don’t move, don’t breathe, don’t make a sound. She saw his rosy cheeks and small round nose come into the light. She found his thick-lensed spectacles amusing as they made his eyes appear much bigger than they truly were. Smoke rose from his tiny pipe’s bowl, though Iona could not smell the sugariness because of her scented candle.
The buzzing somethings played a quick game of hide-and-seek, flying in and out of the milky vapor from the wee man’s pipe then circling around Wiskee’s head for added fun. Wiskee’s tail wagged and he let out an unexpected bark. Iona and the little man both jumped, and the tiny buzzing somethings fled, darting behind the wee man’s hat. He wiped his brow and spoke to Wiskee. “Whew, dunna be a-doin’ that. Fer a minute there I thought Iona had come in and I was a-goin’ ta be caught!” He waddled on toward the nightstand, and Wiskee picked up barking where he’d left off. 
With jittery nerves, hoping the man would not hurt Wiskee, Iona continued silently analyzing the intruder. The red velvet hobo-style luggage over his shoulder...it’s so...him.
He stopped, placed the bag on the floor, squatted, and uttered to no one in particular, “I’d best be a-gettin’ this thin’ untied, eh?” Iona’s heart pounded in her chest as he gently clutched the bag and loosened the black cord causing the posh satchel to slump open. He pulled out an unrecognizable item. “There ye be, and ye be a beautiful piece of artwork.” 
Iona’s curiosity was building. She thought to herself. What exactly is that? That thing has to be made of real gold. Nothing shines like real gold. I’m not certain what the odd-shaped holes are around the bottom though. And those decorative gems...those babies are as authentic as that gold. I would know; I used to wear such before I had to hock my jewelry just so I could get some food.
The little man rose, blew on the item’s surface and rubbed it with his sleeve to shine it up, then carefully placed it on the nightstand. 
You can’t be serious! Move. Move. Move. The man was now blocking Iona’s entire view of what he was doing. 
Wiskee stood on his hind legs and put his front paws on the enchanted man’s shoulder and barked. “Shhh! Ye be a-killin’ me with that right in me ear.” He wiggled his finger in his ear, probably to try and stop the ringing. Wiskee ignored the request and kept barking. The little man shook his head in defeat. He reached into his vest, pulled something out, and placed it beside the container. “There. Twill explain everythin’. Me job here be almost done.” 
Almost? Iona was unsure of what else there might be to do. 
Wiskee dropped his front paws back down on the bed, and the little man patted him on the head. Wiskee stood hypnotized for a brief moment at the little man’s loving touch, which Iona perceived as an extremely sweet gesture, but it did not completely settle her fear. The wee man stepped back, inhaled a large amount of smoke from his pipe, swirled it around in his mouth, leaned forward, and in one swift exhale blew the smoke onto the container causing it to glow. “Tis extraord’nary.” He clasped his hands with excitement. “Now me job be done.” He turned toward Wiskee once again. “I’ll be a-seein’ ye soon me friend.”
A-seein’? ...ye?...soon?...me friend? What? He must be planning on coming back here again. Iona was trying to figure him out but could not find an answer that made her happy or calm.
She watched him pick up his bag and stick and waddle back to the foot of the bed. The shimmering cloud Iona had missed at his arrival appeared. She smiled nervously when he did a spin and hopped into the cloud. The buzzing somethings followed him in. POOF! The cloud vanished. Needless to say, Wiskee barked.
Words shot from Iona’s mouth. “No way! I’ve got to get some clothes on and get out there.” Wiskee could not bark any faster. “I’ll be out in a minute little buddy!” Iona was in a fluster. She tripped over herself in haste, blew out the candle and pulled the tub plug. She flung the towel off, grabbed her pajama top, threw it on, and buttoned its few buttons. When she looked down to slide one leg into her pajama bottoms she noticed something creeping under the door invading her privacy. She squealed, “What is that blue junk all about? I’m really in no mood to be gassed.”
Wiskee’s added barking was driving her nuts. “I’m coming Wiskee!” She put her other leg into her pajama bottoms and pulled them up. Her attention was on the blue mystery fog as she reached for the door knob. “Where is that stupid knob? Come on, come on! There it is!” She threw the door open, stopped mid step, and screamed. 
A knee-deep, dense, sparkling, powder blue fog that covered the apartment’s floor rushed her and began to pulsate with light. She threw her hands over her mouth and nose. She looked and saw that it was cascading from the holes around the bottom of the container the little man had left on the nightstand. Her shouted words were muffled in her palms. “What the...? How did that...? When did this happen? Are you kidding me?” She looked at Wiskee. “Well, if you’re breathing OK, I should be able to breathe OK too...right?” Cautiously she removed her hands from her face and took a short breath. “Huh. Whodda thought I wouldn’t choke?” 
Then she heard something. “That music, that singing...it’s coming from the fog.” Iona could not believe what she had just heard herself say. Wiskee stopped barking, swished his tail, and looked at Iona. Oddly, her panic was subsiding, and she started her usual animated chattering. “OK. The whole thing...did you see it happen? Of course you did. You barked the whole time you were watching that...that little...man.” Iona stood in disbelief. Wiskee’s tail stopped wagging, and he just looked at her.
She pointed at Wiskee with one finger, and he sat (that was the signal for him to do so, but that was not where Iona was going with this). “OK. That’s it! Where am I really? What is going on? This fog stuff is now massaging the pain from my feet and legs.” Her arms waved with great animation. “I’ve seen some fog effects in my theater days, but it was never warm, it didn’t light up, it certainly didn’t play music and sing, and it never took my pain away.” She had not taken her eyes off Wiskee. “And another thing...fog never appeared just because some crazed, wee...litt...sma...short guy...gnome...man in Lederhosen blew on the fog machine!”
Wiskee continued to stare at her as she stood with her arms crossed. “Well, I guess there’s no harm in walking through it, is there? Because actually...I don’t want this no-pain thing to stop.” She moved slowly. The massaging lingered as it continued to subdue the pain. She breathed a sigh of relief, hardly believing she could move. Then a thought crossed her mind. This is magical. The only one who could possibly produce something like this is SUL. She tried to reason with herself. “The Teachers of Truth say SUL has healing powers, but I never thought He would take the time or go to this length to help ME. And if that was SUL I saw out here, I sure had him pictured all wrong in my mind!” She continued moving slowly. “Regardless of who or what brought this about, it’s the most excitement we’ve had in a while, isn’t it little buddy?” Wiskee gave a bark. 
With every step Iona could feel the uncontrollable urge strengthening, enticing her to rekindle her full trust in SUL. That irritated her a little, and she gave it some more thought. I really don’t want to get back into all of that SUL stuff. When I needed Him most He wasn’t there. On the other hand, I don’t want this experience to end. She paused and bit her lower lip. With a hint of surrender she whispered, “What if it is SUL?” 
She switched gears. “Would you look at that container? It has ‘Dream Decanter’ engraved down the side. I wonder what that has to do with anything?” She folded her arms, pinched each bicep and confirmed she was, in fact, not dreaming. 
Wiskee broke the tension, “Arr-yap-owk-rrr-yap.” Iona could not help but laugh. “I don’t know what that was all about, but thank goodness you’re here with me little buddy.” His front feet marched up and down as he grunted at the letter. Iona caught on.
“WOW! Check out that envelope.” She reached for it. “EEEEK!” Something darted out and left a trail of sparkles as it flew out of sight. “Holy cow, what was that? Hey...wait a minute. That’s the same kind of sparkles I saw trailing through the air behind one of those buzzing somethings flying around. What is making those sparkles?” Thanks to Wiskee, who barked right at the buzzing thing, Iona spotted it in seconds. It was crouched in a panic under a trinket box with its head between its knees and was becoming soggy from Wiskee’s steamy breath.
Iona leaned in to get a closer look but was interrupted. A repeat of the shimmering cloud poofed in mid air in the center of the room, and the little man stuck his head out of the hovering cloud. Iona’s presence caught him off-guard, just as his did her.
Iona gasped. “Are you kidding me?” 
The little man spoke rapidly, “Hey, wee one, Jit, c’mon.” 
Jit flew sluggishly (from being so wet), but for a bit of spite he made it a point to fly close enough to cause Iona’s eyes to cross momentarily while she tried to focus on him. 
The small man gleamed at Iona. He tried to appear nonchalant, but who was he kidding? He could tell by the look on Iona’s face that she did not recognize him and Jit as locals. So before it became any more awkward, he looked at Wiskee and winked as Jit flew into the cloud. Then the man tossed a salute to Iona and...POOF! They were gone as the cloud fizzled away.
Wiskee barked one loud bark. Iona stared at him with a blank expression; he stared back. His whole butt was now wagging. She pointed at him, and of course he sat. “I could have sworn that teeny, sparkling, flying, buzzing something had a face...and wings. And that cloud...I’m thinking that’s the same cloud I saw fizzling out when you showed up on my doorstep a couple of years ago. I’m not crazy...am I?” Wiskee’s head tilted and his tail wagged slowly. 
Iona closed her eyes and tried to regain her composure; it did not really work. Reality was, she was still standing in knee-deep healing fog, and now she felt like warm honey was swirling inside her as the healing moved throughout her entire body. 
She sat down next to Wiskee and rubbed his ears. “Wiskee, what is going on?”


Chapter 7
The Journey Begins

“OK. Deep breath.” Iona’s sweaty hand shook when she picked up the envelope the little man had placed next to the Dream Decanter. Wiskee placed one paw on her lap, and she let him sniff the envelope. “The words on this envelope are falling over a lifelike picture of a waterfall–JOY, ENCHANTMENT, PEACE, LOVE, TRUTH–and my name appears between the words. And look, the background pictures behind the waterfall keep changing...this is strangely familiar.” 
“I was there for you then, Iona, and I’m here for you now. Trust Me again, like you once did.” 
“Who’s there?” She looked around and saw no one. “Did you hear someone, Wiskee?” Wiskee’s head was tilted with his ears perked. 
She turned the envelope over and there was a dark purple seal with the letter “I” melted into it along with the outline of a rose. For several moments silence dominated the room. Iona pondered and eventually yielded to the feeling in her heart. The audible voice she knew she heard was causing her to rethink her position on trusting SUL. Wiskee did not make a sound. After much consideration she finally chose her answer to her most daunting question: is SUL real or not? 
Her answer was “Yes.” When she genuinely accepted the answer, she felt relieved and her confidence grew. Wiskee stood with his front paws on her chest and gave her a kiss.
“Well, it can’t get any stranger if I open this...can it?” She looked Wiskee in the eye. He barked when his paws landed on her lap. Before she could give herself a chance to change her mind, she bent the envelope and SNAP. The wax cracked. “WOW! That was so cool! Did you see those sparks fly when I broke the wax seal? Unreal!” Wiskee leaned in for a sniff. Eagerly Iona pulled the card from the envelope and could not wait to see what would happen next. 
“A purple rose, my favorite flower, on the front of this card. And it keeps blooming over and over. And I can smell it, but it doesn’t smell like a rose.” She took another whiff of the aroma it emitted. “That smells far better than a real rose. It’s like jasmine and orange blossoms combined.” Iona’s eyes widened, and she chattered some more. “I think it’s some kind of poetry, but it’s written in a foreign language. See?” She turned the card toward Wiskee. “I love poetry but haven’t read any in ages.” Iona gave Wiskee’s chin whiskers a gentle tug. “Wait a minute...the words are changing into my language. Unbelievable. This is a stellar prop!” 
“Yap, yap!” Wiskee persuaded her to continue by putting his paw on the poem. 
“OK. OK. I’m gonna read it.

It’s the day when you shall discover your worth,
Only because you are so special.
Never in your deepest thoughts will you find that there
Are no words to describe your magnificent destiny.
The lamp holds your wildest dream.
How can this be?
Engaging, I know.
Quietly finish reading the words on this parchment.
Understand that you and Wiskee will no longer age.
Examine yourself and find the true you.
Embrace Wiskee by your side.
Now take one last look at where you live;
Only then may you touch the lamp that is
Facing you from where it sits on your nightstand.
Magic will begin to happen
At the first touch of your fingers.
You’ll need to take the lamp into your hand,
Clutch it tightly in your palm,
Let fear escape, and rejoice because
Your lives will be changed forever.
****** 
Trust Me.
• SUL •”

Bewildered, Iona cut loose again with her gift of chattering. “Let’s see...today I’ve seen a...a...gnome-like guy pop out of a cloud and leave a Dream Decanter on my nightstand. It spewed musical fog that my feet and legs are now dangling in causing my legs to heal. And let’s not forget the three-inch-long buzzing something...whose name, by the way, was apparently Jit? And he...she...I think it was a he...had a face like a human and wings like a dragonfly that he used to fly by my eyes leaving a trail of sparkles. Then he disappeared into the cloud with the little gnome guy...man...thing. I opened a magic letter signed by SUL, and now my birthmark is warm. Are you kidding me?”
She tried to put all of the recent events together. The poem on the card faded. It and the envelope burst into flames in her hand, making her jump. “Too weird. It didn’t burn me. Well, that was interesting.” 
She went silent, pondering to herself. I will never see this place again. Though it might have been guilt forcing these feelings, she wanted to believe she was truly thankful for the provisions she had received.
“Yap! Yap! Yap! YOWLY-WOWEEE.” 
“Well, there’s another new noise from you. I guess you’re getting a little anxious? All I can say is, it’s a good thing you can’t talk because you’d chatter on more than me!” Iona calmed him with her touch. “OK. OK. I’m on it.”
She brushed her hands together and resituated herself on the bed. She thought about her job–she was no longer going to be visiting those in need, and this troubled her. 
“I will see to it they are cared for.” Iona could not believe she was hearing what she thought was SUL’s voice again. 
She looked at Wiskee and whispered, “And we’ll never see our strange but lovable friend, Dumpster Man, again.” She had grown quite fond of him.
With his nose, Wiskee pushed her hand toward the Dream Decanter, but she was still admiring the apartment. “Holy smokes! I can’t leave those!” She jumped from the bed and gathered the only remaining tangible memories of her family and put them safely in the waistband of her pajama bottoms. 
She sat back down on the bed and clutched Wiskee under her arm without thinking. He made the noises to let her know she was holding him a little too tight. “Oh, I’m sorry little buddy.” She loosened her grip. Saying goodbye to her home was all too familiar and unpleasant. Iona closed her eyes and silently beckoned. Please let this be true. Please, SUL, I want to trust You with all my heart, and believe that You will take me to my family. She reached for the Dream Decanter, never letting Wiskee out of her grasp, and did just as the poem had instructed.
Window shades dropped with a whoosh and a thud. Iona freaked and spoke from the pitch dark, “I didn’t know we had window shades.” All of the outside noises ceased; the silence was spooky. 
Guarding Wiskee with her life, she crossed her legs underneath her and felt the bed begin slowly turning and moving upward through the darkness. She was afraid of hitting the ceiling but was also afraid to jump because she did not know how high they really were. She reached high above her head and felt nothing. “STAY PUT WISKEE!” She hated to let go of him, but was concerned at their height. Carefully she stood on the bed but could not feel anything above them; she knew she could reach the ceiling if she stood on the bed. Frightened she sat back down and immediately grabbed Wiskee. If we’re floating in space, where are the stars? Where’s the moon? What are we...suspended in time? 
With her next breath she gagged. “What is that awful smell. Ack! That certainly isn’t roses! This can’t be right.” She saw what she thought was a fireball heading toward them. It came up fast from below and just missed the bed on its rapid ascent. Iona screamed. The fireball fizzled out high above their heads like a dud firework. She tossed the Dream Decanter to her pillow and scooted to the center of the bed, not letting Wiskee out of her tight grasp. She felt him trembling.
She had always longed for adventure, but this was not exactly the adventure she had pictured in her mind. Somberly Iona spoke into the darkness, “What have I done?”


Chapter 8
• ON MAYCLY •
Charleo Gets his New Pipe
(one hundred years prior)

Charleo had long ago reached the full age of 317 years. The original The Book of Good and Evil was still on display in the village of Tahqrusalom. 


CHARLEO

As he approached the glass case in the center of town he stopped, removed his hat, bowed his head, paid his respects, and moved on. About one-third of the Trees of the Blue Sleep were awakening from their dormant state, while another third were turning blue as they were falling asleep. Charleo always admired the size of the giant trees and their purpose of housing local shoppes and dwellings.


TREES OF THE BLUE SLEEP

Charleo looked up and saw his favorite sign. He opened the door, and a small bell jingled as he entered. 
“So good ta see ye me friend,” Jobi, the Pipe Shoppe owner, greeted him.
“And tis good ta see ye as well. I be here ta make the purchase I’ve been a-savin’ fer.” Charleo gleamed. 
Jobi clapped his hands together with joy and stomped his feet. “Well, zippity zee! Ye be ready ta part with a few of those taggerts...that ye’ve won fair and square no doubt.” 
Charleo pursed his lips and his brows dropped. “Of course!” 


TAGGERT

Jobi snickered at Charleo’s seriousness. “Ye willna be disappointed. I’ve told everyone that particular pipe be not fer sale. I knew ye’d be here someday, and low-n-behold the day has come. Wait here whilst I go and fetch it.”
“Hurry up Jobi. Me taggerts be a-burnin’ a hole in me pocket. I canna wait.” Charleo was jesting, a rare occurrence.
“I be a-goin’, I be a-goin’.” Jobi looked back at Charleo and stumbled over his own feet. Charleo could not help but chuckle. 
“Ye know I’m only a-laughin’ with ye, not at ye.”
“Aye,” said Jobi. He became a little harassed as he tried to yank the stepladder from between the shelves. “C’mon. Let loose ye crazy ladder.” Jobi fell back with a bounce when the ladder let loose. He looked at Charleo with a reddened face.  
“Be ye OK me friend?” 
“Aye. I believe me pride got hurt worse than me bum.” Jobi brushed himself off when he got to his feet. He hustled and placed the ladder just so and climbed, rambling on excitedly all the way up. Reaching over his head he grasped the box from the highest shelf. Down the ladder he came with a slide and rushed back to Charleo at the counter, stumbling of course. He entwined his fingers and excitedly marched in place. “Every bit of it was handmade by meself, e’en the box tis in. Open the lid and read the wood-burned inscription. Read it aloud.” Jobi was so excited. 
“Aye, I’ll be a-readin’ it, but only because ye asked me ta.” Charleo winked at Jobi.

“Crafted fer me dearest friend,
Tis a pipe of worth
Ta which ye shall tend. 
May yer pipe’s glow ne’er dwindle,
And just like our friendship,
May it stay fer e’er kindled.”

“Well...?” Jobi knocked his knuckles together. 
“Well...I be a-gettin’ all misty-eyed here. I dunna know what else ta say ceptin’ thank ye. Ye’ve certainly touched a soft spot in me heart.”
“Aw, c’mon now. I dinna mean ta make an old chukkon cry, just smile.” Jobi himself teared up. 
“Ye should be happy. Ye’ve accomplished both.” Neither had really meant for it go that route, and the uncomfortable sappy moment gave way to nervous laughter when Charleo reached over the counter and patted Jobi on the shoulder.
Charleo looked back at the box, tenderly running his hand over it. “How many taggerts fer this wonder of a pipe and its box?”
Jobi cleared his throat and gave a sniff. “Twas s’posed to be five, but because ye’ve saved up fer so long and ye be one of me best friends, I’ll be a-makin’ ye a special deal...five!”
“Ha, ha, ha. If that was an attempt at a joke, twas pretty bad. No, wait. Considerin’ it came from ye, twas really pretty good!”
“And if that were yer attempt at a joke...”
“What? Ye goin’ ta take the pipe back and try ta sell it ta someone else with me name inscribed on it and the box?”
“Well...nae.” Jobi really did not have a great comeback.  
Charleo laughed. “Here be yer taggerts me friend. Ye shouldna be a-takin’ me so serious.” A few of the others in the Pipe Shoppe who knew Charleo could be heard giggling at that remark.
“Now let’s see:  one, two, three, four, and five.”
“What be this? Ye dunna trust yer old pal Charleo? Countin’ in front of me. Shame, shame.”
“Sorry. Just force of habit there. No hard feelin’s?”
“None be taken. I was only a-pullin’ yer leg. Now I s’pose I’ll be a-needin’ some pipe stuffin’s ta smoke in this wonderful pipe.” Charleo ran his fingers over the pipe stuffing jars. “How about...umm...this one. I’ll be a-havin’ me a laund of the ‘E’er So Sweet’.”
“Ooooo, tis one of me favorites.” Jobi inhaled deeply with every scoop until he had dished out a laund on the scale, and added a pinch more. 
“How much be I owin’ ye fer it?”
“Ah, nothin’.”
“I’ll be a-givin’ ye somethin’ fer it, ye crazy wee fella.”
“No arguin’ now. Yer first pipe stuffin's be on me.”
Charleo realized there was no budging Jobi. “I’ll be sure and make a point of showin’ yer fine piece of work ta everyone. And I be a-thankin’ ye from the bottom of me heart.” Charleo gave a nod and a wink to Jobi.
“And ye be welcome from the top of mine. Will I be a-seein’ ye at Pub Pete’s this evenin’?”
“Nae, not this twilight. There be special thin’s I’ll be a-doin’ at the cottage with me family, but I’ll be a-seein’ ye there fer sure tomorrow.”
“I’ll tell Pub Pete and his patrons ye said hello...and that ye cried like a wee chukkonette when ye opened yer new pipe.”
“I s’pose I canna be a-stoppin’ ye.” Both laughed. 
“Good enough then. Thank ye fer yer patronage...and yer friendship–it be a-meanin’ so very much ta me and me family.” Charleo could hear the sincerity in Jobi’s voice.
“Ye be more’n welcome...fer both.”
A bit of disappointment crept into Charleo as he passed the pub on the way to his wagon. Many came from miles away to enjoy an evening where everyone knew everyone. There was always fun to be had at Pub Pete’s, one of the most popular places on Maycly. The owner, Pub Pete, was large and bulky and looked gruff at first appearance, but deep down he was as soft as a chenille teddy bear. He was a fine-spirited wightling, the quality Charleo most admired. Pub Pete ran his pub just like he had on Earth. He made customers smile, served them drinks of all kinds, many similar to a good micro brew, and made an array of original drinks that tasted like chocolate caramel candy bars, peppermint twists, even toasted marshmallows, all of which were capable of keeping the patrons’ noses a tad on the red side. 
Charleo climbed onto his horse-drawn cart and shook the reins. “H’yah Rascally.” The cart moved slowly along the scenic path. The moons and suns were trading light, and the pathlight ivy came to life with illumination. Phydeaux phlyers, the clowns of the sky, danced in the early colors of twilight, their multicolored coats reflecting the bright moonlight as they followed above the cart. Charleo watched them perform their acrobatic stunts, each one trying to outdo the others. 
About halfway home Charleo pulled slightly on the reins. “Whoa Rascally.” The wagon stopped and, before traveling on to his cottage, Charleo took time to appreciate the serene beauty that surrounded him. When he arrived home he was greeted with hugs and kisses, just like always.


PHYDEAUX PHLYERS

The next morning, Charleo saw through the window that his premonitions from the night before had materialized. He knew SUL had whispered to the three suns. They had obediently dropped into a line and were holding their stationary positions. Charleo went outside and sat on the porch swing. He sipped a cup of peppermint cocoa as he thought. 
Charleo’s wife, Marlen, stepped outside the cottage. “What be wrong with the suns?” 
“I canna lie. We be in fer a long journey m’dear.” 


MARLEN

“Why, whate’er do ye mean by that? Ye certainly dunna mean the time has come fer...”
Charleo lovingly put his finger to her lips to quiet her. He rose and kissed her cheek. Without words, he went to his workshop and wept.


Chapter 9
The First Signs

Late in the afternoon of the same day Jit, the chief Sprite, returned from his romp-about near Tarnnin. Distracted, he bumped into and landed atop a moss-covered rock sheltered by a luminous lavendaria plant. He shook himself back to coherency and gave a shrill whistle, only audible to Sprite ears, and motioned for the other Sprites to gather with him under the glowing canopy of petals. 


LAVENDARIA

They could sense something out of the ordinary was going on with Jit by his awkward skittish actions and odd expression.  “What is it Jit?” “Jit, are you OK?” “Why are you pacing?” Questions flew randomly from the miniature unsettled crowd members. 
Jit paced as he thought aloud. “It seems as though...no, it can’t be...but I’m certain it is.” The crowd tossed more questions at him. Jit stopped and made motions with his hands to quiet the crowd. “It seems to me that...that the love of life is seeping from Tarnnin’s eyes.” Thick silence accompanied stunned faces. Jit continued, “I believe...yes...with each tear that fell...I saw it...the love in his eyes dwindled.” He trembled at his own words. “Oh, I can’t believe what I’m saying. This sounds crazy!” He held his head in his hands.
Gasps rippled throughout the Sprites, followed by more questions and remarks. Again, Jit made the motions for them to quiet down. “I’ve a favor to ask. I need all of you to take a romp-about. Slow your pace as you pass by Tarnnin’s face and make an observation, then report back to me here.” 
“Aye, aye Captain.” The Sprites resounded nearly in unison. Without hesitation trails of sparkles intertwined as all but one of the Sprites fled from the gathering place. 
“Will you be OK here alone?” asked Giddy.
“Giddy, you’ve always been my best friend. And look at you now; you’re even better than best. I appreciate your offer, but I need some time alone to think of a response to give the others regarding their observations. Now go. I’m depending on you most of all to bring me a detailed report.” Jit and Giddy gave each other a knuckles-to-knuckles punch. Giddy saluted and darted off to catch up with the others. Jit watched Giddy’s sparkles fade into the distance and hoped he had been wrong.
Before long the Sprites reorganized with Jit, and this time Giddy gave the “all quiet” motions, as the others had delegated him to be the spokesman for the group. “We all agree with you Jit. His eyes are crying the love of life right out of him. What are we going to do?” The other Sprites held their breath in anticipation of Jit’s reply.


SPRITES

Jit folded his arms and put his chin in one hand searching for his best solution. His face lit up when he had figured out what to do. “For now we must scatter and do the things we do best–dance, play, and make merry about him–but keep a watchful eye.”  He was acting strong as their leader, but deep inside he was still very bothered.
The other Sprites all agreed to do their part, so off they went to continue their normal duties. Giddy lingered just in case Jit needed him for anything.
“Go on Giddy. It’s OK. I need you to be my eyes and ears out there.”
“All right, if you’re sure you’ll be OK.”
“I’ll be fine. Thanks.” The two Sprites traded smiles.
“OK then, I’ll do my best.” Giddy took off in high gear. He found Tarnnin sitting on his favorite branch in a big tree, staring with no purpose. The Sprites continued doing their thing, giving detailed attention to Tarnnin’s demeanor.      
Tarnnin hoped perhaps none of them had noticed, but Giddy had watched as Tarnnin shook his head, rubbed his eyes, and stroked his throat. Giddy saw a hint of sour, gooey liquid seep from the corner of Tarnnin’s mouth. Tarnnin licked his lips to catch the drool and shuddered at the putrid flavor of sulfur. As he smeared the slime it gave off the aroma of brimstone. Some of the Sprites could not help themselves and coughed uncontrollably at the smell of the gagging aroma. 
Tarnnin raised his hand in dictator fashion and commanded with determination, “Bring me a gwendelant!” His tone was very loud, deep, and eerie. For the first time, the Sprites felt fear in his presence. Most scurried off and took cover. Giddy hovered, not knowing what to do. 
The command had been loud enough that Jit heard it from the rock. He sped to Giddy immediately, took his hand, and together they flew to the nearest gwendelant basin to prepare the drink. They returned with the gwendelant in a frosted mug made of the chiller leaves that grew at the edge of all gwendelant basins. 


CHILLER LEAVES

They made certain its presentation was above average. Gingerly they placed the drink by Tarnnin’s side. They had barely gotten the mug into position when Tarnnin expanded his mammoth wings in swelling pride, sending Jit and Giddy tumbling head-over-heels through the air. They came to rest abruptly against a tree trunk. Shimmering dust exploded from their impact, and the two Sprites dropped to the ground. Other Sprites came to minister; they found Jit and Giddy a little shaken and bruised, but all was otherwise well. 
Tarnnin had never before inflicted pain or spoken harshly. Shocked at himself, he reached for the mug. Two-by-two the Sprites resumed their frolicking in hopes of keeping things on a somewhat even keel. Tarnnin guzzled the drink and panted with growing misery. He alarmingly slammed the glass down, causing the Sprites to flee to safety once again. “AAARRRGGG! My thirst is not quenched! Bring me another! I want another gwendelant...NOW!” None of the Sprites, not even Jit or Giddy, made an effort to move. 
Looking at the bushes and trees, Tarnnin saw the trembling Sprites, some with their hands over their ears, others with their hands over their eyes. He lowered his head in shame. “I...I’m so sorry. Forgive me tiny ones. I won’t let it happen again.” What is happening to me? Why do I find myself thinking the thoughts I’m thinking? What is this sensation inside my head? He did his best to smile at the Sprites, and they slowly made their way back to him, but they remained cautious. 
Jit knew what had to be done. Leaving the others to carry on, he and Giddy flew to the castle to visit SUL. The fiery castle sentinels bellowed their thunderous roars to announce the Sprites’ arrival. Jit and Giddy headed straight for the throne room. They bowed while hovering before SUL, and He welcomed them.
“Oh, SUL...” started Jit. 
SUL reached out and picked them gently from the air. He placed them in the palm of His hand where they took a cross-legged seat. When their eyes met His, they were in awe. The points of their ears lopped in a half-fold, and their wings drooped in reverence. He spoke to them softly. “Jit, Giddy, my little friends, I’ve been expecting you. I know why you are here. You seek explanations to strange happenings.”
The Sprites’ ears perked up, and they looked at one another with expectation. 
“Keep what I say tucked safely in your hearts. Find peace in the fact that you know I am the Grand Wizard. I created you, and I will not lead you into harm’s way. I have set into motion evil things to come.”
“But why? We like things just the way they are,” blurted Giddy, fear filling his eyes. Jit took Giddy’s hand, and SUL stroked his tiny head. 
“There, there, My wee one. You need not fear.” Giddy slumped in embarrassment and pulled his hand out of Jit’s. SUL smiled at him and continued in a reassuring voice. “To fully appreciate all that is good, you must experience all that is evil and defeat it. But for Evil to end, it must begin. The changes in Tarnnin are the beginning of the onset of Evil. Evil shall be present until the Great Restoration of Good is completed.” 
“What do we tell the other Sprites? This will surely cause chaos among them.” Jit tried to remain calm. 
“You need only tell them, ‘The fall of Tannin is upon us. Prepare for unknown things to come.’ Tell them not to be afraid and to keep their trust in Me.”
“But won’t they have questions too? Like we did?”
“Yes, but My peace will be upon them, and that will provide the answers they seek.”
Jit frowned. “What about all of the etherealians?”
“Yeah!” Giddy chimed in. “And the chukkons...and the wightlings?”
SUL replied with love, mercy, and a hint of sadness in His voice. “The etherealians, chukkons, and wightlings will learn of this in other ways as time passes. Their duties will differ from yours. Jit, I need you to keep a close ear leant My way. Giddy, you need to remain close to Jit and do as he instructs; his instructions will come from Me. That is all you need to know for now.”
Jit and Giddy bowed their heads in trust and remained seated in SUL’s hand. SUL allowed them time to absorb all the information He had imparted. 
“Now lift your eyes to Me. You are free to go whenever you’d like. Linger if you wish.” 
They rose to their feet and bowed then flitted off to deliver the news. 
“What do we say to the others?” Giddy asked. 
“Just what SUL said to speak." 
They returned to the mossy rock in a solemn state. Jit gave the Sprite whistle and all gathered to hear his news.


Chapter 10
Unwelcomed Change

Jealousy, greed, and pride, the catalysts that brought about the birth of Evil, had overtaken Tarnnin. Insidiously he wanted to be in control. The wider he opened his heart to the dark emotions plaguing him, the more bizarre his appearance became. The tainted music from his wings produced the sounds of an out-of-tune, haunting calliope and burned holes in his veins; foul-smelling vapors gushed from the miniature geysers. His once-beautiful eyes lost their etherealian ability to mirror one’s thoughts. If his dignity had been a crown, it would have sat sloppily on his head. Sprites did their best to attend to him but had to abandon their service because their little bodies could not withstand being knocked around by their dilapidated magistrate.
In time Tarnnin admitted to himself that it was impossible to serve both Good and Evil, but he had pushed the limits of sanity. Forced to choose, he chose to pamper the wicked emotions that seduced and assailed him. He began to disappear from the castle for various periods of time until he failed to return at all and became a recluse. 
Soon after Tarnnin’s final exit, SUL extinguished the golden aura around Himself, left the castle, and blew out the golden paths of light leading up to the castle’s doors. During a slow descent to the ground, SUL changed His appearance to that of a feeble, elderly male wightling. When His feet touched the ground He made slight movements with His hands, and the castle doors closed and locked. He made a grand wave with both hands and caused the floating castle to begin its miserable journey prowling through the sky, its droning noises like those from a dank boiler room, bringing chills to all on Maycly.
Charleo stood with his family outside their cottage. His eyes met Marlen’s, whose widened with revelation. She stammered, “Be this the...the...” Charleo knew what she was asking. 
“Aye. Tis another sign of the long journey I spoke of.” Charleo held her tight, and she pulled their two curious, but frightened, boys to her. They continued to watch and listen. 
Pulses deep within the ground could be heard and felt across Maycly as Spring Meadows, the land behind the Skygem Alps, began to change. SUL renamed the land Targrum. No Mayclysian had ever ventured beyond the Alps, but many had stood at the end of the Bridge of Revealing to take in the beauty of Spring Meadows, SUL’s personal refuge where He would go to meditate in solitude. 
Smoke rose above the Alps as the soft grass and abundant flora of Spring Meadows burned. The twin lakes (I’ll Meet You Here and I’ll Meet You There) were slowly choked by toxic runoff as the eastern side of the Alps heaved creosote. The animals that roamed freely in Spring Meadows panicked. Their feet, hides, and fur suffered burns as they fled to escape. Their cries of agony and the sight of them fleeing were almost too much for the Grand Wizard to endure, but He made certain none were left behind. The sounds were disturbing as new evil creatures were birthed from the depths of the lowest parts of the Alps; these evil animals scattered about Targrum, greedily claiming their territory.
The low hum that mixed with thunderous sounds of cracking, falling boulders repulsed SUL as the floating castle’s foundation met with the top of the first and only volcanic mountain on Maycly; this was the first time the castle had permanently adhered itself to land. SUL asked sorrowfully that His glorious magnificent structure yield to His last command of taking on invisibility. The castle mournfully borrowed from the Alps and sky all the colors it would need to cloak itself against its backdrop. 
(If you’ve never heard a castle cry, be thankful.)
SUL took up residence in a small secluded cottage in the outer valley lands of Bailiwick, east of Tahqrusalom, fully aware of the in-depth, intense changes and events that were yet to come. For the first time doubt tried to defeat Him and His plan, but He quickly shed the emotion as He knew He must believe in His plan so His followers would not lose their trust in Him.


Chapter 11
Deception and Mayhem

Tarnnin had captured several Sprites. He forced them to deliver invitations to all etherealians and chukkons, but the wightlings who had already been escorted to Maycly were exempt from receiving them. Each stunning invitation requested attendance at a gathering in Tarnnin’s new residence. Tarnnin had boldly added to the end of each, SUL IS IN DANGER!  Several of the chukkons and etherealians were intrigued, and because of their concern for their Grand Wizard’s well-being, they eagerly jumped at the chance to take part. Some were indecisive. Others, aware of the changes that had taken place, recognized Tarnnin’s deceitful attempt and ignored the invitations; this was appreciated by the delivering Sprites, as they knew the truth behind Tarnnin’s hidden agenda but had been threatened with torture if Tarnnin found out they had spilled the beans. Division amongst Mayclysians was inevitable. 
The gathering was to take place six days after the last invitation had been delivered. Those who accepted followed the directions which led them to a small passage through the Skygem Alps, marked by a large flat boulder standing on edge in the center of the western base. Each attendee was instructed to press the invitation on the flat boulder’s surface to make the giant stone roll away, revealing a narrow tunnel. When the attendees came out on the eastern side, they found themselves in the dark stinking land of Targrum. The initial sight made them uneasy. Targrum reeked of sulfur and brimstone, and globs of lava crawled their way throughout the land as far as the eye could see. The arriving guests continued on, however, without question. As per their directions, they followed the crusted path to the entrance of Tarnnin’s lair at the base of the volcanic mountain and into the musty-smelling depths where he personally welcomed each attendee.
Tarnnin began right on time. “Welcome. Welcome one and all. Please find a seat and make yourselves at home.” He waited for the crowd to settle. “Good morning,” he said soothingly. 
“Good morning!” the crowd responded.  No one could help but notice Tarnnin’s disturbing altered appearance.
“Those of you who were willing to accept my invitation to come and listen to what is taking place, I commend you and truly admire your concern for the Grand Wizard.” Tarnnin was cunning. The attendees applauded him, as well as each other. He waved his hands and slightly spread his distorted wings. “Quiet down now. Quiet please. Prepare yourselves for what you are about to hear.” He paced across the stage, the foul stench from his wings creeping over the crowd. He gestured with a falsely promising tone as he clasped his hands together and shook them gently up and down dramatically. “Allow me to share an event that we, as Mayclysians banded together, can bring to fruition. I propose a new order for Maycly. It will be a peace much different than the one we now know but, nonetheless, a peace for our new-style world.” Tarnnin leaned on the podium. “Your current leader SUL is in danger. His life is being threatened.” 
Confusion permeated the room and became a conglomeration of vocal annoyance to Tarnnin. He folded his wings with a violent snap. “How many of you SUL-servers would be willing to help with this event? To change things? To be a part of a great revolution?” He relaxed his tightened wings and gazed from right to left. He caught the eyes of the etherealians and chukkons and noticed that many were shocked at the words he had spoken.
He cast his cunning bait yet again and lured them further. “If you desire to follow me, I will teach you the ways of the new Maycly that is to come. I will teach you how to fight for your lives. I will reveal to you the entire plan I have set into motion.” A group of etherealians immediately rushed the stage, pushing and jostling one another, each eager to stand directly before Tarnnin and be recognized. The other etherealians, still skeptical, and every chukkon, however, held their positions. 
Dissatisfied with the meager number of volunteers, Tarnnin coaxed, “Surely there are more of you who wish to serve. Come to me now. Come into my direct line of sight. Stand at my feet. Remember, SUL’s life is at stake.”
More etherealians made their way to the front. Still, not one chukkon made an effort to approach Tarnnin. 
Tarnnin spoke with appreciation to the etherealians before him. “Ah, you are pleasing to me.” Then his demeanor changed, and he shouted an order to a select few at his feet. “You four, rush to the doors and do not let anyone leave!” The remaining etherealians and all of the chukkons lurched to their feet and raced for the exits, but Tarnnin’s four volunteers had moved faster, beating them to the doors. 
“ORDER! I WANT ORDER!” Tarnnin’s poisonous words gushed forth. He slammed the tip of one of his wings hard on the podium. The sound cracked through the air, and everyone jumped. Screams and mayhem continued. Tarnnin went on, wickedly shouting over the ruckus, explaining that not only SUL was in danger, but also they would face a terrible fate if they did not serve him and his plan. This caused the noise level to rise yet again. He laughed as he watched their faces fill with panic. Then he added the vivid details of his wretched scheme. He was pleased by the expressions on the faces of those standing at his feet, feeling his same passion and giving in to Evil of their own accord.
“Meeting adjourned!” He bellowed hideously with more sarcastic laughter, this time his new-found followers joining him. When he caught his breath he shouted, “None of you...I say NONE of you are going anywhere except where I say!” Another of his loud sickening laughs drowned out the crazed group. He maintained his deafening volume. “Seize those trying to escape! If they won’t join us on their own, we will FORCE them to serve me and my plan!” 
Tarnnin’s eyes became devilish. Those wanting to escape encountered a level of fear they did not know was possible. Chairs toppled, fists flew with punches, feet kicked, and some even bit their captors as they were being rounded up like animals going to slaughter. They watched as the eyes of the etherealians who had chosen to serve Tarnnin turned demonic. Etherealians banged against the walls as they tried their best to outmaneuver their pursuers. 
The captured chukkons, knowing nothing of their fate, were thrown into dungeons deep within the lair, and captured etherealians struggled until their ankles bled where they were tethered to the floors of their cells.
Unlike many etherealians who chose to serve Tarnnin, never did a single chukkon choose to be a part of his un-SUL-like ways. SUL, incapable of understanding such Evil coming from His own creations, watched through a revealing device in His cottage and found the entire scene to be beyond description.


Chapter 12
Tarnnin’s Lair Is His Castle

Tarnnin put his forced followers and volunteers to work crafting devices of Evil and building rooms within his lair. It should have taken months, but Tarnnin was impatient. He had driven his cohorts mad with his unrealistic demands, including finishing in just a few weeks. 
The day came when Tarnnin was ready to begin his inspections and approvals of the chambers and weapons, whether they were completed or not. He first admired the sleeping rooms for his servants. Droggby, the etherealian in charge and shaking with nervousness, stood beside Tarnnin. 
“They seem small, and I see no furniture in these sleeping quarters.” Tarnnin’s voice was intimidating. He tapped his nails on his teeth in thought. Droggby and his building crew held their breath. “But the tactic is genius! Keeping it uncomfortable means they won't sleep long and will be more readily available to serve me.” Tarnnin gave them a nod of approval. All sighed a sigh of relief. “Now away with you!” 
Tarnnin summoned another. “Ivan! Show yourself and take me to the work rooms you and your crew have crafted!” Ivan, an etherealian who had chosen to serve of his own free will, appeared instantly. “As you wish. Follow me My Lord.” As they approached the work rooms Ivan alerted his crew, and they snapped to attention.
“I wouldn't stand so proudly just yet Ivan.” Tarnnin studied the working rooms and found they were rather odd. He stepped to a workbench and rubbed its surface. “These tables are rough and clunky. The tabletops need to be smoothed out.” He hovered around the large work room and stopped at another work bench. “These few tools are worthless! How can everything from dishes and cups to sandals and chairs be crafted using such inferior tools? And where are the weapons I ordered?” Tarnnin threw the tools across the room, moved his face into Ivan's face, and spoke through his gritted his teeth. “I told you not to stand so proud...didn't I?”
“Yes My Lord.” Ivan looked away from his master’s gaze.
“Look me in the eye!” Ivan brought his eyes back at Tarnnin's hot-breathed command. “But you were so certain you had everything to my liking, weren't you?”
“Yes My Lord.”
Tarnnin inhaled deeply. “WELL YOU DON'T!” Ivan felt Tarnnin's sulfuric spit hit his face. Tarnnin lowered his voice but held his position. “We need weapons. We need clubs with jagged ends, flails, spears that can bring flying beasts to the ground, arrows that are capped with poisonous tips, chains that can be dipped in acid and flung to burn flesh upon contact. We need battle axes that can sever heads and limbs with one swing. We need indestructible containers that can be tied to our beasts and carried into battle to hold the weapons. Do you understand?”
“Yes My Lord.” Ivan's words were faint, and he began to tremble. Tarnnin glared at him. He clutched Ivan's face, pulled it even closer to his own, and rudely licked a tear that fell from Ivan's eye. “Oh, my dear Ivan, you seem as though you're doubting your choice to serve me. Is that the case?”
“Oh, no! No My Lord. That is not the case.” 
“THEN GET YOUR CREW BUSY BUILDING THE THINGS WE NEED!”
Tarnnin shoved Ivan’s face away and called for the etherealian Bommly, who instantly appeared and saw that Ivan was traumatized. He focused on Tarnnin. “Yes my lord. How may I be of service?”
Tarnnin was cunning. “Let us move to the feasting room. Shall we?”
“My Lord, I am here to serve you and grant your wishes.” Bommly bowed his head. Tarnnin flicked his fingers for Bommly to lead the way and threw Ivan one last look of disgust. Ivan's whimpers faded as Bommly and Tarnnin floated away.
“Attention!” shouted Bommly. His crew snapped to.
“Impressive.” Tarnnin walked slowly, running his fingers over one of the rock tables that had lowered from the ceiling on large chains.
“My Lord, we thought perhaps you’d like the room to clear after a feast, presenting an empty room should you have need of one between meals.” 
“Good idea. There may come a time I’ll have need to gather the masses without furniture getting in the way.” Tarnnin pulled out the baskets on sliding rails from under the table. “A nice touch. I see each is filled with a mishmash of barbaric dinnerware and eating utensils, a self-serve kind of thing. I like that.” He raised his eyes and scanned the entire feasting room. “Each and every detail of the feasting room is splendid, but where do my servants sit?” Bommly gave the order for the chair-lever to be pulled. Tarnnin stiffened at the first sounds and watched as cutouts dropped and slid underneath the main floor. Chairs rose from the opened trap doors. “Very impressive. And I see none of them match in size or style. They look so...so crude.” 
Tarnnin smiled for a moment but was interrupted by another builder. “My Lord. May I have permission to speak?”
Bommly made a quick move to silence his crew member, but Tarnnin floated to the worker pushing Bommly out of the way. 
“And who are you?” asked Tarnnin.
“I am just a lowly builder, but I would like to present an idea, if you see fit, your highness.” 
Bommly rolled his eyes at his crew member's request. “I apologize, My Lord, for this worker who speaks out of...” 
Tarnnin raised his hand and shushed Bommly. “Your bravery is pleasing, yet stupid. Even so, carry on.” Bommly was shocked that Tarnnin granted the worker permission.
“Well, you see sir, we thought it might be entertaining–for you–if all were to play a distorted game of musical chairs to claim a seat at feasting time. The slaves that don't get a chair don't get to eat at that feast. They would be kicked out, literally, and would have to wait until the next feasting round to fight again for a chair.” 
“Again, my lord, I apologize for the...” Bommly went sailing across the room as Tarnnin spread his wings.
“Hmmm. That sounds...quite entertaining. Quite entertaining indeed! So it shall be!”
Bommly had regained his wits after slamming into the wall and had rushed back to Tarnnin's side.
“What are these contraptions that dangle from the table chains?” Tarnnin asked.
“They are lanterns so that we may have some light to feast by. We've filled them with the Sprites we've captured. They have no more sparkle left to them, so they will hold candles at feasting time.” Bommly finished with confidence.
“And who, or what, will light their candles?” 
“Ah, we've taken care of that as well.” Bommly clapped his hands and called for the candle lighters. Spitting beetles emerged from the openings through which the table chains raised and lowered. They crawled to lanterns hanging from the chains. Instead of spitting their usual toxin, the beetles had been fed another substance from Targrum that caused them to spit fire. The Sprites in the lanterns were badly burned whenever the lanterns’ candles were lit, and the situation got no better for them, as hot candle wax dripped onto their arms and wings. 
“And yet another fascinating invention Bommly.” Tarnnin marveled at his builders’ ingenuity.
“Thank you My Lord.”  
Tarnnin looked up and saw chandeliers made of rotted beast heads, antlers, and limbs. His eyes lowered to the walls, and there he spied etchings of foul words and horrid pictures. He stretched out his arms in confusion. “Tell me, where does the food come from? I see no kitchen.”
“When the food is served, there will be total chaos.” Bommly smiled. “You see, the food will be lowered down to the table tops from the kitchen above this room. It will be delivered in pots. The pots will be gorged with mangled flesh, tongues, organs, eyes, and bones from freshly slaughtered creatures. Does this sound satisfying, My Lord?” Bommly waited for praise.
“It certainly does. But I WILL NOT participate in the mayhem...”
“Ohhh, no sir. No sir. Your food can be specially ordered to your liking. Come. Follow me to the head table where you will find your seat.” Curious, Tarnnin followed his bowing servant. Bommly pulled out a chair from a much larger table. “This is your table and your chair. When you are seated your table’s platform shall rise high above your servants at your command. You will speak your order into this contraption, which goes straight to the kitchen. Your order will be prepared first and delivered before the other baskets are lowered. And you, My Lord, shall give the command to lower the baskets.”
“Very dictator-like. I am pleased. NOW BACK IN LINE WITH THE OTHERS!” The crew cowered, and Bommly sped back to his builders. They held their breath as Tarnnin spoke to them with firmness. “For your hard work and efforts, you may all be the first to feast this evening. This will be the ONLY time these seats for feasting will not have to be earned by you. So don't be late!” The breath they had been holding could be heard bursting forth at his satisfaction and offer. 
Tarnnin exited the feasting room into the great hallway and shouted for another etherealian. Just as the others had done, Norriod instantly appeared.
“You will take me to your domain, now!” demanded Tarnnin.
“As you wish My Lord.” 
Uncharacteristically, Tarnnin allowed Norriod to lead. They floated down a rocky spiral staircase between narrow walls. Sounds of heavy operations crescendoed as they descended. Norriod thrust open the bulky doors that met them at the bottom. Tarnnin's face glowed with a sinful nature at his first sight. “Ah! The area I'm most interested in...the pit.” At the sound of Tarnnin's voice Norriod's crew stopped practicing on the equipment and stood with an abundance of confidence, all certain they had gone above and beyond what had been demanded.
“We hope you find it suitable My Lord.” Norriod bowed. 
Tarnnin wasted no time making his way through the doors and around the giant room. “Just look at the apparatus you have so delicately constructed. And I'm simply in awe at your design of these torture chambers, small indentations dug out of the pit walls complete with contraptions of unspeakable natures. These are nothing shy of perfection for the purpose they will serve. A marvelous job!” Tarnnin finished inspecting every area in the pit. Without warning he appeared in Norriod's face and yelled, “BUT DON'T LET IT GO TO YOUR HEAD!” Norriod did not flinch, but the builders cowered at Tarnnin’s wicked out-lash. 
Tarnnin sped back up to the grand hallway and excused all of the builders for the rest of the day. He returned to the feasting room and lingered. He stood in deep thought and watched out the window, studying the brute gleaners he had put in charge of handling the terrible beasts that had been released from their embedded tombs. His expression held an evil splendor. The approval process was over. 
The next morning Tarnnin called for his etherealian cohorts to gather with him in a meeting room. He presented instructions and ordered his etherealian followers to begin the long and daunting task of deceiving humans on Earth who trusted in SUL. Since the etherealians still possessed the ability to become invisible when they entered Earth’s atmosphere, it made the task all the easier.


Chapter 13
Earth Falls Prey

It had become a tough time for humans on Earth to believe SUL even existed. Ever since Tarnnin’s wicked etherealians had abused their gift of invisibility and had started invading Earth unknowingly, emotions of a new and brutal nature had come to the forefront. The evil etherealians were coming in an attempt to discourage as many humans as possible so they would relinquish their trust in SUL. But there were those who still trusted SUL and fought Tarnnin’s illusions successfully as they clung to lessons they had learned from The Book of Good and Evil taught to them by the Teachers of Truth. 
A favorite tactic of Tarnnin’s followers was to sneak up invisibly behind trusting humans, whisper ridiculous falsehoods, and watch the humans give in to their lies.
A teenage boy heard a voice in his head. Just do it...just do it. It’s dark; nobody will see you do it. 
BANG! His mother went running outside. With the help of the dim porch light, she could see her son standing with a smoking pistol in his hand. A teenage girl lay dead, bleeding on their sidewalk. “What did you do? Where did you get that gun?” The mother screamed in a panic.
“She gave me the gun and asked me to point it at her and shoot her. She said she realized she was ugly and worthless because her boyfriend had dumped her. And she thought because she never knew who her father was, and because her mother had been raped and murdered, there was no reason for her to keep on living...or something like that.” The teen nonchalantly tossed the gun to the ground and looked at his mother. “Why? You got a problem with her wishes?”
“Don’t you smart mouth me! Why do I even continue to try and raise you right?”
“I don’t know...why do you? I mean all that old SUL stuff you taught me has nothing to do with what this real world is like now. That whole bunch of crap is nothing but a fairy tale for wimps who don’t get real life!”
“OH, REALLY? If it’s crap, then why do you suppose you’re still alive? Isn’t that enough evidence that there is a merciful Grand Wizard who wants you to trust Him, and He’s waiting patiently for you to return to Him and listen to His ways in hopes of making this Earth a better place?”
“You’re talking nothing but vintage gibberish old woman.” The boy pushed his mother aside and stomped toward the house. 
The mother followed and caught up. She grabbed his arm and turned him to face her. “What are you doing? There’s a dead girl on our sidewalk! And you’re the murderer.”
“So? She wanted to be dead. Who cares? If it bothers you so much, go bury the poor fool!” The teenage boy jerked his arm from his mother’s grasp, headed into the house, and darted up the stairs to his room. 
“Wait! Stop! I asked you a question. What are you doing?”
“What does it look like I’m doing? I’m packing and getting out of this SUL-forsaken house of yours.” 
The teen’s little sister stepped out of her room to see what all the shouting was about. She heard her brother say, “If you hadn’t been so SUL-crazy, maybe we’d still have a dad around here!”
The mother burst into tears. “That’s not true! I trusted SUL to help him stop his carousing, among other things. SUL won’t just wave a magic wand and do it. He gave us free will, and your father apparently didn’t want to give up his nights out with his friends, who probably persuaded him to end up being the pure trash he is now. I held on as long as I could, but I’d had enough of getting pushed around by him.” She lifted her shirt and revealed the bruises and scars where his father had beaten her.
The teen’s little sister ran back into her room and slammed her door. They could hear her crying. 
“Now look what you’ve done! You’ve scared your little sister half to death! She’s already lost a father, and now she’s scared she’s going to lose you! Please. Put that away and let’s talk about this.” The mother tried to pull the suitcase from her son’s hands.
“I’ve scared her? Me? I think your drama and showing off your trophy wounds is what scared her! Now get out of my way before I knock you down like dad did. No wonder he never wanted to come home to you anymore. You’re driving me crazy!” 
He rushed down the stairs, his mother close behind. He opened the door, pointed outside, and shouted, “You have no idea what it’s like out there now! It’s not the pretty Earth filled with flowers that you want to believe it is. Take a look around next time you go to the store. Instead of blocking out the ugliness, try telling the homeless, the hardened non-trusters, the hungry, the sick,” he put his hand on his chest, “or fatherless kids, that SUL still cares about them, and see how far you get! For that matter, see if you live to tell about it!” He stormed out the door, picked up the gun, and put it in his coat pocket. Then he bent down and closed the eyes of the dead girl and walked into the night, never to return.
The mother had a nervous breakdown. In time, the daughter turned to substances of all kinds thinking they would help her get through life. 

• • • •

Sadly many humans gave in to lust and covetousness, spitefulness and ruthlessness. Children could no longer walk the streets alone, safely. Bars were installed on windows to discourage theft. Old and young alike carried tasers and small pistols for protection. Many marked their bodies with sadistic permanent ink symbols representing the Evilness to which they subscribed. Others marked themselves with symbols representing the Goodness that once filled the Earth; they would gather secretly to build each others’ confidence in things taught to them by the Teachers of Truth. But if groups marked with Evil came across groups marked with Good, they would destroy them on the spot. Young adults rioted in the streets during the hours of darkness; they had no morals or values regarding life or modesty.
Tarnnin relished the fact that he had forced humanly social acceptance to be based on appearance and material things. But the lies went further than just a personal level. All around Earth the evil etherealians caused division amongst nations. Wars broke out between the lands. Greed for soil, power, and money became the driving forces of governments. In many lands food was being rationed as the pompous leaders hoarded most of it for themselves. 
SUL felt the excruciating pain in every piece of a human’s heart He had tucked away in His own as it ignited and burned with fury when the human denounced his or her trust in Him. When the humans who no longer trusted SUL passed on, their limp bodies were buried in the ground, just as all passing humans, but there was a difference. Their spirits would never reunite with their bodies; instead, they would explode violently upon separation, and their bodies would be destined never to fully die.

• • • •

Tarnnin commanded select etherealians to take several mandibleron gryphons hostage and steal skyships from the barns on Maycly. They tied the mandibleron gryphons’ beaks shut with straps and filed their talons down to just past the quicks causing blood to seep uncontrollably. The gryphons released stifled howls of pain through their muzzled beaks as they were beaten into submission. The evil etherealians recklessly operated the stolen skyships, traveling haphazardly to Earth’s outer atmosphere where they entered without a sound and left no trace. These graveyard thieves robbed the trustless humans from their dark tombs. As they flew them to the skyships, they performed a twisted form of mouth-to-mouth, filling the humans’ lungs with evil breath to bring them to an eternal state of limbo. Upon reaching the skyships the evil etherealians forcefully strapped the living corpses to their seats then whipped the mandibleron gryphons as they pulled the carts back to Tarnnin’s lair. When they arrived in Targrum the humans’ bodies effortlessly contorted as they were tossed from the skyships. They lost most of their hair, their skin shriveled, their eyes became blood-shot with an off-yellow cast, and their teeth partially cracked.  
Tarnnin gloated at the success of his current empire. But, being filled with greed, he wanted more. “I need more slaves! If the etherealians and chukkons won’t join willingly, we will find ways to force them into service!”


Chapter 14
Innocence Entertains Evil
• Etherealians’ Demise •

“Hold still you lousy rotten beast!” demanded one of fifteen wightlings of Evil as he jerked and struck the resisting mandibleron gryphon that had been stolen. The other stolen mandibs shrieked and kicked the makeshift walls of the chute where they were being held. The heavy rope raced through the wightling’s hand when the brawny mandib pulled upward trying to escape. Skin hung from the rope burns on the wightling’s palms, but he felt nothing. “Now hold still while I finish attaching this net!” The rest of the crew tightened their grip. He managed to get the net’s hooks attached to the buckles on the harness. “That should do just fine for ensnaring those disgusting SUL-serving etherealians.” He yanked on the hooks and took time to gloat. “Get it out of here! The net’s attached.” It took every ounce of strength for the fifteen evil wightlings to keep the flying mandib on the ground as they led the abused animal back to its musty cave in Targrum. There it would stay with the others until time to make the rounds. There were still several mandibs left to harness, and once again Tarnnin’s impatience drove the workers to finish faster, eliminating any final checking. SUL-serving etherealians were to be snared in the nets and dragged like helpless fish back to Tarnnin’s lair where they would be dumped into yet another dank crypt deep below ground with the others. 
“The mandibleron gryphons are harnessed with the nets ready My Lord.”
“It’s about time! Release the riders and beasts at your will.”
“As you wish.” The evil etherealian bowed and retreated.
Tarnnin floated to a nearby window to watch the takeoff. Several of the mandibs broke free and fled for their lives over the Alps. This angered Tarnnin, and he saw to it that harsh punishment was dealt to those who had failed to harness them correctly. He would never have admitted that he was at fault for rushing the process.

• • • •
 
The captured SUL-serving etherealians were escorted in groups to the pit and tied up by their hands and feet with their wings fully spread. The first order of business was to render them flightless. At the crack of a whip, minions of Evil who had been strapped together pushed a large wheel that opened and closed an enormous baffle stoking an incinerator. More vile partisans stuck the tips of metal rods into the melted rock, and just before the reddish tips went limp, they were removed from the heat. The slaves then taunted the restrained etherealians with the steaming hot metal until a command was grunted, at which time the scalding metal tips were dragged over the veins of the etherealians’ outstretched wings. Evil was in no hurry to complete the torture. In fact, they relished the cries of pain that dwindled as etherealians screamed so loud their vocal cords ripped and bled. Another whip cracked, and other myrmicoles holding large knives cut the straps which held up the tortured etherealians, causing them to tumble to the ground, their flying abilities now having been removed.

• • • •

The captured etherealian, Reeawn, thought he could hear voices in the distance. He groggily opened his eyes and realized the voices were coming from the evil wightlings bent over him. Their hot sour breath was nauseating. He tried to turn his head away, but they were standing on his once beautiful golden hair, now stiff and greasy with...he did not want to know what. With as much energy as he could muster, Reeawn tried to stand, but he did not have enough strength. The evildoers wrestled him to his feet, propped a wooden crutch with barbed armrests under each of his assaulted wings, and made him walk. With every step the spiny points dug deeper. 
There was no escape. Reeawn had to suffer the pain until the strength in his legs returned and he could walk on his own. They prodded him through the last tunnel where squirting guts from insects and scorpions could be heard shooting from their crusted casings as they were stepped on. Reeawn listened to the noises chasing down the tunnel in front of him and recognized them as the threatening sounds of an impatient crowd. The crowd chanted, stomped their feet, and banged their containers of putrid drinks together in anticipation of what was to come.
Reeawn stopped at the intimidating sight beyond the bars. Dingy smoke filled the air of an enormous indoor arena. The smell brought vomit to the back of his throat. Dim light piercing through small slits resembling windows cast long shadows of the apparatuses on the towering perpendicular walls with carved-out seating boxes. The acoustical setting amplified harsh echoes from the sadistic crowd. He felt but could not see what was causing the ground to shake as the dust whirled thicker in the air throughout the morbid stadium. 
Reeawn was next to run the gauntlet. 
His taunting evil wightling escorts jerked the crutches from under his wings, ripping the smooth skin. He realized he had to hold himself up or be tortured further. The thought that he might hear SUL’s voice speaking encouraging words to him gave him the strength to stand on his own. 
Reeawn’s first challenge boasted massive saw blades that started and stopped whirling at random. He could choose between climbing over or running under the violent blades. But if he chose to run below, the spectators got to participate by stoning him as he passed. He chose to go over the blades.
The first shiny blade was sitting in a dormant position; the next one in line was spinning. He took a deep breath and scaled over the first blade. The second blade continued to spin, so he waited. He felt the air stir behind him when the blade he had scaled went into motion. When the second blade ceased its whirling, Reeawn jumped to scale it. While he was at the top of the blade, he could hear the nasty wightlings below him rushing to start it again. He leapt to the gauntlet’s bridge but was halted just shy of his landing when his tattered robe’s hem caught on the top of the blade. His head slammed into the metal at the abrupt stop. As he hung upside down he realized he was starting to spin with the blade. He grabbed for a beam and held on. The crowd went insane when his robe ripped, and he was left clinging to the beam nearly naked. He knew there was no time to waste, so he ran to scale the third blade before it started. There were a total of six blades to conquer. 
Now short of breath, he dropped from the top of the sixth blade. The crowd noise rose as their disappointment turned to anger at his escape of the first challenge. 
Reeawn studied the next trial before making his move. He observed large ax blades swinging in an offbeat rhythm. When he looked up, he saw Tarnnin’s followers riding the tops of the ax handles, hissing and spitting at him. “C’mon, make up your mind you lousy SUL-server! You can either cross in perfect timing on that narrow metal beam, or you can take the dimly lit trail below to escape the swinging blades. But don’t say I didn’t warn you about the escape route!” The evil wightling waved his torch swiftly along the ground, its light revealing a floor covered in poisonous menaces. He jeered at Reeawn. “You can carry a torch, but they were trained to chase after any side of an etherealian which is not lit by the torch.”
Reeawn thought hard then reached for the torch. He had chosen the lower route. He kept the torch moving in every direction but often became disoriented. He could hear the crowd above him as they gasped and cheered each time a lethal creature struck at him.  SUL, please guide me. But all of the noise kept him from being able to focus on SUL’s inward voice. He did his best to burn the biting, stinging creatures until he could find the exit. The crowd booed at his success when he burst through the small opening at the end of the challenge. He dropped and rolled to his back. A solid metal gate slammed down, just missing him.
“Stand up here!” grunted an evil wightling escort as two others jerked him to his feet. “Hope this is just your size!” They all laughed at their fellow wightling’s snide remark. Given no time to catch his breath, Reeawn was grabbed and encased in a full-body shroud that was tied around him like a straight jacket. “You! Fill his pockets!” shouted the wightling to a brainwashed chukkon. The chukkon obeyed, scurrying to gather large rocks and fill the pockets on the shroud. “Now the rest of you, you know what to do!” The wightling threw them a large heavy bag. They opened the bag and removed the chains, with which they bound Reeawn’s unstylish wrap. Then rough cables were clipped to the chains. 
Another evil wightling approached Reeawn. “Now hold still you sickening creature, while I blindfold you!” His laughter filled the stagnant air as Reeawn struggled. “Hoist away!” Reeawn could feel that he was being lifted into the air. His body jerked when the hoisting came to a sudden stop. Then he felt the air race over him as he fell. It took his breath when he hit the frigid water, only one degree above freezing. The crowd thundered when he submerged. They watched him through the clear-sided tank towering 25 feet.
“Don’t drown!” mocked the wightling with a snarled grin as he slapped the side of the tank.  
Reeawn was able to shake off the blindfold. Then he scratched, tugged, and kicked until he finally broke free from the chains and the wrap, and he swam upward. His head jutted from the surface of the icy water, and he gasped for air. Exhausted, he pulled himself from the tank, and once again the crowd expressed disappointment at his escape. 
He felt his arms being raised upward, and a violent push came from behind. He was on his feet unwillingly again. “No time to waste! No time to slack! Get going!” The demented guide poked and prodded Reeawn to the next challenge. This event took place high above the arena’s floor. When Reeawn looked up, he saw a row of barrels.
“So you fancy those barrels do you?” 
Reeawn could not take his eyes off the hanging monstrosities. 
“You’ll like them even better once you see what’s in them! Time to cross the fancy swinging bridge.” They roared with laughter.     
Reeawn noticed a frayed net above the barrels. He was forced up a rope ladder to the net. After a quick observation, he felt it would be better to crawl than walk across the net. Nasty-smelling remnants of previous participants burning in the barrels, now below him, attacked his nostrils. Halfway across, a junction of the netting gave way. Perverse spectators marveled with unadulterated pleasure as it sent Reeawn swaying and clinging in a panic. He regained his composure and pulled himself up, but the net gave way again. He disappointed the twisted viewers by grabbing a more solid part of the net to avoid falling into a barrel. He dangled for several seconds, though to him it seemed much longer. Then he found enough energy to pull himself back up. After several narrow escapes he made it to the finish. Again he felt the floor rumble beneath his feet, much louder and stronger this time. He heard what sounded like teeth ripping through bones and chewing on raw meat. There was silence for a brief moment, then thunderous cheers plundered the quiet.  
“There’s only one door of many that leads to an escape. The other openings host sleeping, hungry, carnivorous beasts that are never fond of being disturbed. I suggest you pick up a weapon from the pile first. Spectators fight for a seat in this arena to watch this gory event.” The wightling raised the solid gate, shoved Reeawn onto the playing field, and slammed the gate down. Reeawn saw the tail of something as it disappeared into a cave, and a rock-like door slid to seal it. Do not choose that door. 
A spear, a chain mace, two swords, a large knife, and a shield lying in a pile in the middle of a desert-like playing field caught Reeawn’s eye. As he trudged across the dusty surface of tournament play to pick up his weapon of choice, he heard the crowd chanting the name of one particular beast, coaxing and hoping Reeawn would choose its door. He picked up the chain mace and made his first choice, rolling the heavy stone away. It was not the escape door. 
The wrought iron gate behind the stone flew upward. The crowd gave booming approval when they heard the sounds coming from within the cave. A spiny-backed bovine emerged, cloven-hoofed, large horned, and covered in jagged spines everywhere but on its head. 
Reeawn stumbled to the other side of the ring, turned, and readied the chain mace to greet his offender. He was unaccustomed to killing or fighting, but fear ignited the instinct. The beast leaned back and pounced halfway then ran full force toward Reeawn. Reeawn charged the spiny-backed bovine, swung his weapon, and dealt a blow to the crazed beast’s head, sending it running back to its cave yelping like a scared dog. The door slammed shut, and Reeawn stood in shock. When the sounds of the crowd filled his ears again, he proceeded to another door, picking up a shield on his way. 
His second door choice, also not the escape, offered sounds of another behemoth growling from the darkness. The crowd went berserk as a reptilian oozer came into view. Reeawn sensed the vomit in his throat when he saw and smelled the steaming mucus seeping from the cracking leathered pods on its bony back. He noticed that the pus rolling down its sides had, over time, encased its overly large ankles above its webbed feet. The crusty boots cracked and splintered as it romped from its cave. Staggering, with hardly any energy remaining, Reeawn reached the pile of weapons and exchanged the chain mace and shield for the two swords.
The oozer was almost upon him. Reeawn lay flat on the ground. As it started to race over him he made his move. Whirling once, twice, and finally a third time, Reeawn’s swords sliced the mighty beast bringing it to an abrupt halt. It collapsed onto its hind legs, just missing Reeawn’s head but pinning the tips of his ragged wings. Reeawn pulled and tugged to free himself. The reptilian oozer began pulling itself by its front legs. Reeawn watched its cold scaled belly sliding toward his face. Its back legs dragged limply, straddling Reeawn. Reeawn swung both swords upright as the oozer eclipsed the light. He gagged at the warm innards and blood dropping on him and shuddered at the beast’s bone-chilling roar of pain. The oozer dropped on top of Reeawn, and the crowd cheered at what they knew was the end. 
But Reeawn had not given up. He remembered what he was and the strength SUL had given him at creation. His adrenaline flowed like a raging river. The crowd went dead quiet when they saw the tips of Reeawn’s swords jutting upward through the beast’s back. Pus and blood bubbled from the wounds. The spectators gasped when Reeawn emerged from the hole he had carved in the deceased reptilian oozer and pulled himself to his feet, scraping away the slime that coverd his body. He staggered to the next door and rolled the stone away; it was the escape door. 
Tarnnin rose and, with haste, vacated his royal chair in the arena. 
The solid door behind the stone opened, and Reeawn exited with confidence, out of sight of the unruly crowd. When he heard the gate drop heavily behind him he fell to the ground in extreme exhaustion. 
“Get up,” said a low, slow, grumbling voice. Reeawn looked up. Tarnnin was standing over him. “I’ll bet you think that, since you’ve made it through the gauntlet, I’ll let you go because you’re an etherealian like me?”
“I could only hope for such, and possibly beg for mercy that you would let me go free.” Reeawn lay wheezing and panting.
“Hope is not recognized here.” Tarnnin shoved a glass of some nauseating substance at him. “Now drink or you’ll run the gauntlet again!”
Reeawn looked past the glass and into Tarnnin’s eyes. He spoke with wearied tenacity. “I will not drink your evil substance. What has happened to you Tarnnin? You were SUL’s best.”      
“Yes, I was His best–but I was not THE best! And why should I even waste my breath on you? Now drink!” Tarnnin slapped Reeawn’s face. Reeawn begged for SUL to intervene but got no response, so he drank the sour liquid to avoid the gauntlet a second time. 
Tarnnin knighted his fellow etherealian into the service of Evil. Reeawn felt sharp pain and intense heat fill his wings at Tarnnin’s touch. “You should be happy now, you can fly again; perhaps not as well as you used to, but you can fly nonetheless. Now get up and get out of my sight.” Tarnnin turned and left Reeawn’s presence.  
Reeawn was defeated; his head hung in shame. “If only I could warn the others,” Reeawn whispered under his breath.

• Chukkons’ Demise •

Chukkons fled for cover yet one more time at the warning sound of the large alpenhorn. The chukkon-on-watch in Tahqrusalom observed the approaching Evil marauders come into view from his post on the hilltops.  He raised the large alpenhorn and blew into the mouthpiece again, sending another warning throughout the village. The second alarm started a chain reaction of alerts from Tahqrusalom to Klondelkin, then to Hawthborough, and on to Glammiswinde. The chukkon-on-watch sounded the alarm as long as possible, then he too ran for cover.
“Momma, why do we run and hide under the cottage floor every time the horn be a-blowin’?” The frightened chukkonette was only five years old.
“Quiet darlin’. Close yer eyes, cling ta me. Twill soon be o’er.” 
“But why canna I watch? Just once. Please?” She looked up into her momma’s worried face.
The momma held her finger to her lips. “Tis a horrible sight ye dunna need ta have as a memory. I was a-watchin’ as they took yer papa five years ago. We were a-headin’ back home from the Birthin’ Waters after just havin’ received ye.” She tried not to cry. “I certainly dunna want ‘em ta take ye too. Now ye need ta be a-closin’ yer eyes.”
“Who’ll be a-takin’ me Momma? Who? Why willna ye tell me? Why canna we let them take us so we can be with Papa?”
 “Shhh. Now be a-stayin’ still with yer eyes closed me little one.” Weeping, she pulled her trembling young one to her chest and covered the chukkonette’s ears. The willing youngster buried her tiny face in her mother’s bosom. Even with her ears covered, the chukkonette could still hear the sounds of doors being ripped from their hinges and the beating of clubs destroying possessions and the insides of nearby cottages. Grunts from evil invaders resonated chillingly. With every invasion it seemed like time stopped and the pilfering would never end. 
The captured chukkons were lassoed, dragged, and stuffed into rough cages made of prickly sticks and thorny vines. All movement was restrained when the cage doors latched shut, sandwiching the chukkons between the grates. The freakish sandwich cages were stacked atop rickety flatbed wagons. The fading sounds of the captured chukkons were miserable as the wagons disappeared over the hills. Dwindling cries could be heard from the few who chased after Evil in an attempt to save their loved ones but were, instead, lassoed and pulled into one of Evil’s wooden-sided wagons. An odd combination of emotions–pity, relief, guilt–filled those who had been terrorized but luckily left behind in their destroyed homes. 
The hidden ones waited until they heard the alpenhorn play a different tone to let them know it was safe to come out. The mother was relieved they had escaped tragedy one more time. She raised her chukkonette’s head and gave her a mother’s kiss.

• • • •

“Ohhh,” moaned one of the chukkons from the sandwich cages. “Me head, tis a-poundin’. Hey Buddie. Can ye hear me? Buddie?” He hoped his friend was next to him. It was impossible to turn their restrained heads to see one another.
“I be here Brannagg, and I be a-hearin’ ye. Me head too be a-poundin’, along with a little more of me body as well. Where be we?”
“I canna see anywhere but up.” Brannagg’s eyes shifted back and forth. 
“Me neither. But be ye a-hearin’ that?” Buddie strained to pull his head up what little he could to hear better over the moans and wails of the other chukkons.
The bouncing of the wagon interrupted Brannagg’s speech. “I...can hear...what sounds like...carnival barkers in...the distance. Is that...what...ye...be a-hearin’?” 
“Aye. Ohff.” Buddie felt a sharp pain from the pointed end of a vine stabbing him in his back at every bounce.
As they drew closer to their destination, the captured chukkons could hear the cries of boorish wightling vendors. When they arrived in the stadium they caught glimpses of barbarians carrying sectioned trays and baskets and others pushing carts full of oddities through the unruly crowd. The vendors’ faces were distorted in a perturbed frown; each tried to bark his ro her sales pitch louder than the next. “Get your drinks! Drinks of grime right here!” “You’ve got to have some tasty Tingletort! Buy it now! Now I say!” “Wiggleboods! Buy one, buy five!” 
Without a care the sandwich cages were off-loaded onto the ground of an outdoor stadium. Those who had arrived in the wooden-sided wagons were slapped and kicked and put into extra sandwich cages that were heaped in a pile in a corner of the stadium.
The wagon drivers unstrapped crude musical instruments from the sides of their wagons, formed a circle, and blew with all their might. The captives stiffened at the never-before-heard discordant tones. After three times of sounding off, the wagon drivers returned the instruments and exited, leaving the encased chukkons to their destiny. 
Brannagg’s eyebrows dropped at the hair-raising silence.
“Why’d it go so quiet?” Buddie’s whisper was faint. 
“I dunna know.” 
They waited anxiously for a sign of what was to come.
“Do ye be a-hearin’ that? In the distance?” asked Buddie.
“Aye. Tis an eerie sound of the wind, dunna ye think?”
“Aye. Tis a-gettin’ louder me friend. I be sceered Brannagg.”
“Me too. Me too.”
“What be the crowd a-chantin’? Be they a-callin’ fer...fer dragons?” Buddie’s face went pale at the thought.
“As much as I be a-hatin’ ta agree with ye...aye, I believe tis so.” Brannagg was not the only one sweating with fright.
“What’s ta become of us?” 
Brannagg heard the sheer terror in Buddie’s voice. He tried to console his friend, but his voice shook unconvincingly. “I hate ta think...but perhaps ‘dragons’ be the name of an etherealian they be a-callin’ fer ta help us.” When he heard Buddie whimper, it broke his heart. 
It was only moments before the mystery became a reality. The view was alarming. “Do ye see what I see a-droppin’ toward us from the sky?”
“Aye! Hang on me dear friend...hang on!” 
Brannagg and Buddie closed their eyes and grasped the wooden bars; their stubby fingers touched. A cold scaly form slid against their fingers. Their eyes flew open to the view of the underside of a chromatic red dragon, and it was not alone. More dragons swooped in and grasped the sandwich cages in their clutches. 
“Help! Help! We be a-goin’ up! Up ta the sky!” screamed many of the chukkons as their cages were carried high above the stadium. Buddie and Brannagg felt the dragon’s scaly talons slip past their fingers again. It lunged toward them. Had it not been for the prickly sticks and vines of the cages, its face would have touched theirs.
“Me belly be in me throat!” 
“Tis because the dragon has dropped our cage!” Buddie frothed from panic. 
The chukkons’ screams were spellbinding as the cages randomly hit the ground with heinous thuds. The scenario continued over and over until no more groans, screams, or wails could be heard by the now unconscious chukkons. 
The dragons taunted their prey, waiting to rip open the cages and eat. But Tarnnin did not allow such, which provoked the dragons. They snorted, bellowed, fanned their wings, and clawed the ground with disgust. Tarnnin gave the command for the enraged dragons to flee. They did so, but in their anger they snagged numerous crowd members in their giant talons on their exit. This brought cheers from those who were left unscathed. The dragons returned to their isolated section of Tarnnin’s lair where they feasted upon their tasty catch.
The wagons returned to the stadium. The drivers loaded the cages full of motionless chukkons onto the wagon beds and guided the wagons haphazardly onto the high road encircling the horseshoe-shaped arena. When the first wagon reached its destination, the others fell in line and took their places directly above their assigned Tank of Torment. The crowd dismissed themselves in an uncontrollable fashion and followed the wagons to the fork, but they took the low road outlining the base of the stadium that led to the sound-proof, glass-walled tanks. The crowd whooped and hollered as they divided into groups. Each group gathered around one of the tanks. In their obscenely drunken state they spit and slung rotten food at the tank walls.
“Cut open the cages!” commanded a voice from out of sight. The wagon drivers cut their sandwich cages open, and the stunned chukkons toppled like lemmings into the Tanks of Torment. 
Each tank was only one small portion of a massive contraption. The enormous contraption in its entirety resembled an elaborate archaic device creating an octopus-like formation with tentacles extending to every tank. There was a rigid main tubing system inlaid in the walls. Mammoth antique phonograph horns rested on poles, bell side down; each bell was outlined with a wooden ring, and each ring was the same size as the top of its glass tank. The horns were held in place by hand-carved stone cotter pins and were joined to the tentacles of tubing by other flexible tubes that extended from the horns’ narrow tops. At Tarnnin’s command the cotter pins were removed, and the giant horns skidded down the poles. The wagon drivers steadied the dropping horns and finished lowering them by hand onto the tops of the glass tanks, making certain the bells’ wooden rings created a tight seal. 
Tarnnin stepped to the edge of his balcony, his hand raised; then he lowered it with speed. “Let the brainwashing begin!” Hailing resonated from the fiendish onlookers. 
The main duct of the rigid main system originated deep within a secret room of Tarnnin’s lair. What was spoken into the main tube from the secret room traveled through the spectacular tubing system and blasted into the Tanks of Torment. Even though nothing could be heard outside the tanks, the viewers could tell when the brainwashing began and ended by the actions of the chukkons inside. At the beginning of the brainwashing the unconscious chukkons’ bodies jerked and convulsed. In a short amount of time they became coherent. During the brainwashing they ran about in circles and covered their ears while trying to find an escape. The brainwashing had ceased when the jarred chukkons gave blank stares and chanted along with the words coming through the hearing horns.
After chanting for several minutes, they were released and ran to Tarnnin’s balcony and continued chanting in monotone unity, “You are the great leader. We are no longer SUL’s. We are yours. We will serve you. We will wait upon you. You are great. You are great.” Tarnnin gave yet another command, and the brainwashed chukkons dropped to their knees and bowed up and down humming high-to-low pitches until Tarnnin waved them off. The chukkons then became very anxious and scrambled about trying to make up their minds whether to serve the fallen etherealians, clean the dungeon cells, or participate in the torture pit.
No longer jolly friendly chukkons, they merely tolerated one another. Buddie and Brannagg’s long friendship was over; their memories of each other had been erased.
From his cottage SUL had again watched the events through His revealing device. He had to restrain Himself from giving in and fixing everything, because that would falsify His prophecies. Making Himself out to be a liar would only bring worse Evil to Maycly. He forced Himself to continue holding fast to the fact that He already knew the prophesied outcome.


Chapter 15
Tarnnin's Pride and Ploy

Tarnnin called together only the etherealians who had chosen to follow him. He invited them to the feasting room for a special dinner of juicy raw flesh and fat. After shoveling his face full of the disgusting food, he wiped his mouth, leaned back in his chair, and admired his following. 
He stood and regally gestured, though few saw him do so. "SILENCE!" All dropped their utensils and looked toward the head table. "Now that I have your attention...welcome evil etherealians. I've brought my most faithful followers together this day for a special purpose." 
"Hear! Hear!"
Tarnnin pointed with tainted grace. "You will notice my table has twelve open places, six to my left and six to my right. I have need of a council of twelve czars to assist me with the detailed design and follow-through of the plan to eliminate SUL." This evoked obnoxious grunts, clapping, and cheers. "QUIET! I understand the excitement is overwhelming, knowing there is a chance to serve me firsthand." All present tried to look more important than the ones to either side of them, hoping to hear their names announced. "No need to strive for a position; I've already selected the twelve I feel are most fit to serve in this capacity." They applauded his decision, all the while looking around the room, trying to figure out who the twelve would be. Tarnnin spoke with false sincerity. "All of you are certainly worthy and competent of serving me so closely as a czar."
“Hear! Hear!”
“The choice was very difficult, as there were so many contenders.”  The crowd clung to his every word. “So after much consideration, I have chosen...” He paused for suspense. “...the first twelve who came to me.” Disgruntled, several spat, booed, threw their leftovers at those who remained, and began to exit the feasting hall.  “Let them go...they know they weren't among the twelve.” Tarnnin waited for the last one to exit. “Now that that is over and done, come forward to be knighted as a czar and take your place at my table as I instruct, if I call your name.”
Proudly the twelve took their places, and Tarnnin invited the few remaining to help themselves and gobble the leftovers that had been thrown.

• • • •

The twelve czars, along with their pompous leader, were the only ones granted entrance to a special meeting room in the darkest depths of the lair. Whenever Tarnnin called for a meeting, his czars would follow behind him down a very long spiraling staircase to the secret hierarchy room. With the hoods of their heavy robes pulled low over their bowed heads and their hands hidden in their sleeves, they chanted phrases in a very old language that had only been used by etherealians at creation. 
The meetings were useless as far as Tarnnin was concerned, but he wallowed in the pride that surged in him when he presided over the meetings, and that was satisfaction enough for him. He already had his plan laid out in his mind. He had learned the art of manipulation with evil intentions, so the meetings were also held to make his czars feel more important than the others, guaranteeing that they would do anything he asked of them.  Each day the czars told stories of bringing in and converting new cohorts, foul discussions of lust and perversion, always competing to make their stories top those of their peers.


Chapter 16
The Thief Is Revealed

Tarnnin gloated with drama while speaking to the mirror as if his reflection were actually SUL. "I know of something others do not. I know of something that will give me even more power. And SUL, You were the one who revealed it to me, oh so long ago. You fool! I remember You having penned in The Book of Good and Evil, 'Woe to the thief who heists and reads the hidden scribblings. The thief will be given special powers, but the thief will also be cast into his eternal torment at an appointed time.'  Certainly You would not have meant me to be this thief? I am Your favorite of all the etherealians, not a thief. I am only a curious etherealian in search of a better way to rule this land." He bowed and applauded himself.
From His cottage, SUL felt a sharp twinge in His spirit. He knew from the pain what Tarnnin was up to and was saddened that Tarnnin could not have convinced himself more wrongly. 
The hidden scribblings...the hidden scribblings. Where did SUL hide them? Think, you brilliant being, think. After mulling this over in his mind, Tarnnin recalled a moment following creation. “It is the Tree of Breathing and Being! I remember finding it odd when I watched SUL, from a distance, reenter the tree. He looked over His shoulder as if to make certain He was alone. I also remember how long it was before He exited and sealed the door then created the two mardots. Yes! That is where the hidden scribblings must be!” He smiled, certain his memory had served him well. 

• • • •

The Valley of Feasting was in full swing with Mayclysians celebrating many occasions. 


VALLEY OF FEASTING

Etherealians, Sprites, chukkons, wightlings, and animals were preoccupied with the festivities. It was the perfect time for Tarnnin to make his elusive move. He arrived unnoticed at the Tree of Breathing and Being and made his way to the back side where the curly-horned mardots slobbered through the moss in their teeth. They croaked and snarled at the sight of him. 
“What have we here?” The mardots cowered when Tarnnin spoke but still gave a few growls and gurgles. 
“You must be the...'horrible'...guards SUL has placed by the door.” 
“Ribbit!”
“Croak!”
Tarnnin felt as if each mardot was coaxing him to pick its side of the tree trunk. He looked at the twin trunks. I don't see a door on either of them. Tarnnin jumped when the mardot on the left quickly uncoiled its tongue and snapped up an equinarch flying by. It recoiled its tongue and chomped on its prey and spit out the wings. Then a new equinarch grew from the wings and went on its way. Why ever did SUL create such absurdity? 


EQUINARCH

Tarnnin saw the mardot on the right lunge headfirst into a thick clump of vines engulfing the tree trunk it guarded, and he heard the mardot come to a pounding stop when its head hit something hard behind the vines, sending it to its back on the ground. Tarnnin picked up the mardot, which wiggled and fussed until it was back on its rock where it gave a sloshy-sounding shake.
Tarnnin pushed his hand through the tangled, splintery vines where the mardot had hit. He felt a stony surface and poked on a raised place, but nothing happened. “That has to be it,” he murmured. The mardot on the left gave a croak and stared back and forth from Tarnnin to the door on the right. Maybe I just need to push harder. When he did, the bark encasing the hinges cracked and dropped while the vines untangled and partially crawled into the tree. The other mardot gave a deep croak, and the vines and roots crawled deeper into the wood, revealing the stone door. Tarnnin ran his fingers over the raised artwork molded in the door, and it opened leisurely on its own. He checked over his shoulder. When he was certain he was alone, he peered inside and whispered, “A sealed door opens at my touch. Inside the same torch Ensio used still burns. SUL, You never cease to amaze me with Your subtleties.” Tarnnin gingerly took the flaming torch in his hand, thinking something might happen since he did not consider himself to be the thief. He stood holding the torch, waiting. When nothing happened, he sneered. “Now, to find the hidden scribblings.”
He moved from the foyer, down a short hall, and into a room where he found himself in the presence of the Creation Block. He could not help but reminisce. Seeing its chance at Tarnnin's moment of weakness, Good tried to reenter his soul. Hissing through his teeth, however, he reprimanded himself. “Do not become weak to the events of the past, you fool. There is so much to be said for being in power.” His hand clenched the torch tighter. “I must rule. I will rule.” The flame started to go out. He mildly swung the torch in a circle to refuel the fire. In doing so, he felt his skin go cold, and the last remnants of sentimental feelings were gone.
“Now where would SUL have stashed the hidden scribblings?” Tarnnin’s wings and fingernails made an unpleasant sound as they scraped along the walls seeking anything that might be worth a closer look. “If not in the walls, perhaps the floor.” Tarnnin knelt and scratched over every inch of the damp rocky floor. “Nothing.” He spat in frustration and rose to his feet. Holding the torch above his head he toyed with the idea of giving up. 
“PSST! Down here my master,” spoke a tiny voice. 
Tarnnin glanced down. “What? Why? Wait...who are you?” He felt somewhat paranoid.
“My name is Bopper. What's yours?”
“It's me, Tarnnin. And what are you doing in here?”
“I am the Sprite who is keeper of the Creation Block. I proudly appointed myself to the duty. Do you not seek the hidden scribblings?”
“I do. But why would you be so inclined as to help me?” Tarnnin waited to see if this would prove to be a snare.
Bopper began to tell his story in high speed with a lot of flighty motions. “I've been trapped in here since SUL sealed the door. I just wanted to take one last look around before He left. It doesn't matter, I wasn't supposed to be in here in the first place. When I found myself entombed in this forsaken tree trunk I got mad. For who could hear a small Sprite's voice through these walls? Believe me when I say no one! I got hoarse shouting for help for days and days. I've survived only on the few greens and water that seep through from time to time. My thought is, SUL left me here on purpose. I didn't know He could be so mean. So, from that moment on, I promised myself that I would show the first one who entered where the hidden scribblings are...if they would allow me to escape.” Bopper made a couple of circles around Tarnnin from head to toe.
“What are you doing now?” 
“Just checking you out, mostly because of what I saw and heard SUL doing after the penning of The Book of Good and Evil. I mean let's face it, you don't look like you used to. You kind of resemble a thief now.”
“You're a busy little thing aren't you? I’m thinking you're here to serve me. BUT I'M NOT THE THIEF! DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?”
“Whatever! I'll show you where the hidden scribblings are if you promise to get me outta here.” Bopper squealed.
“All right. I promise. But first, a couple of things. I realize you think you know where the hidden scribblings are...”
“No, I do know...”
Tarnnin sighed heavily then continued, “...but who's to say that you won't 'tattle' on me when the job is done and I let you go free?”
Following a dramatic huff Bopper blurted, “OK, if that's how you want to play it. First off, I'm not a tattletale! And furthermore, why would I want to destroy the one who saved me from the depths of this pathetic tree's innards?”
“Land in my hand,” commanded Tarnnin. Bopper did a full gainer in the air, and sparkles puffed when he landed. “Now, what if I told you that, after you help me get the hidden scribblings, I’m going to eat you?”
“I wouldn't care. If I look like a snack to you, so be it.” Bopper was desperate to escape his prison one way or another.
Tarnnin leaned close to Bopper’s face. “Why are you not afraid of me like the other Sprites?” 
Bopper leaned back then folded his arms and returned a cocky question. “Why are the other Sprites afraid of you?”
“Why would you think they are?” Tarnnin was losing his patience.
“Why are you asking me such silliness when you'd really rather find the hidden scribblings?”
“Bah! Just forget it.” Tarnnin's initial heave blew Bopper out of his hand, but he was able to hang onto one of Tarnnin's fingertips. Tarnnin held him up and dangled him at eye level. “Lead me so that I may take the hidden scribblings. Then I will tell you your destiny.”
Tarnnin flicked Bopper from his finger. Bopper got his bearings and flitted toward the Creation Block. He hummed and flew sporadically around the raised border, which made a rectangular outline on the front of the Creation Block. “There, inside the rectangle is where you'll find what you're looking for.” He wiggled his backside doing a funky dance then flew to Tarnnin and hovered face to face. “Uh-huh, woohoo, uh-huh!”
“You'd better not be trying to trick me little bug.” 
“And even if I am, apparently my fate is the same. You're going to eat me I suppose? So let me ask you this...if I don't care that you eat me, why have you reason to doubt me now that I have shown you the location?” Bopper could not keep himself from trying to control the event.
“You are getting on my nerves.” 
“Look. Go ahead. I’m not tricking you. I want out of here, badly. So badly, I’m eager to see which answer I’ll receive.” He held out one hand, palm up. “Will I frolic in Maycly with my fellow Sprites?...” Then he held out the other, palm up. “...or will I flit about in your belly tickling you for eternity? Go on. Rub your fingers across the raised vines.” Bopper struggled to pull one of Tarnnin's fingers toward the artwork.
Tarnnin glared at Bopper while deciding to trust him. He flung Bopper from his finger again and reached forward. Bopper returned and continued to be in the way. Keeping his eyes on Bopper, Tarnnin reached out and touched the raised outline. Hinged cut-out blocks swung outward with a burst of energy, and dust shot from behind the doors, causing Tarnnin and Bopper to cough.
When the dust settled, Bopper flew back while Tarnnin moved the torch inside the Creation Block. He saw something through the dust. He grabbed Bopper from out of the air and boasted. “I've done it. I've found them.”
“Excuuuuuse me? I believe that, without me, you would not have found them. Could I get a little credit here?”
Tarnnin let go of Bopper and gave him a push through the air. “No! My touch opened the block, and the hidden scribblings will be in my possession. I found them." 
Tarnnin and Bopper jumped when a red-orange line of fire spontaneously ignited and raced its way around the edge of the hidden scribblings, cutting them loose from the clay slab.  
“I wouldn't get too ahead of myself if I were you,” said Bopper smugly.
“And really, who is in charge here?”
“I'm just saying...”
“Well don't say any more!” Tarnnin reached in to retrieve the hidden scribblings. Bopper scurried off to a safe distance, but he was still close enough to see what was happening.  
Flesh-consuming scarvousies, which had remained dormant since the Creation Block had been sealed, awakened and charged toward Tarnnin's hand. 
Tarnnin jerked his hand back. “What are those?” 
“Scarvousies! They'll kill you if you're not the...” Bopper's tiny voice could not be heard over the creatures’ screeching and the snapping of their claws and tails.


SCARVOUSIES

“Be gone! All of you!” The scarvousies responded by insanely boring headfirst into the walls of the Creation Block, suffocating themselves. 
Reluctantly Bopper hovered his way back to Tarnnin and whispered in his ear. "I was just kidding about you being a thief. Who are you, really?"
"I am one you do not want to cross!" Tarnnin swelled with pride at his power over the scarvousies. 
Bopper knew the scarvousies had been ordered by SUL to kill any being trying to retrieve the hidden scribblings, except the thief.  He also knew the scarvousies were not mentioned in The Book of Good and Evil as SUL had only spoken of them. Bopper’s little heart fluttered at his realization that Tarnnin was indeed the thief, and his confidence of getting out alive was sinking fast. He flew to the wall and landed on a very small ledge. Shaking in fear, he watched Tarnnin's next move.
With the scarvousies lying motionless, Tarnnin grasped the hidden scribblings. He stood and slammed them onto the top of the Creation Block. His face glowed with pride. “There they are. The hidden scribblings. Right before my eyes.” He caressed the silken snakes that were knotted together, holding the scribblings closed. Tarnnin watched the serpents until they unwound themselves and slithered off into the walls of the tree. The large leaves of the hidden scribblings unrolled under their own power, revealing the words written in sterling. Tarnnin read aloud:  

“You have found them, the hidden scribblings.
If you are reading them, you are the thief.
The thief shall be stripped of all that is Good,
and Good shall be replaced with 
a power over all that is Evil.
All of Evil will suffer twice,
once at the changing of their names,
and eternally when Maycly's battle of restoration 
is fought and won for Good.” 

As he uttered the final word, Tarnnin's knees went weak, and he became dizzy.


Chapter 17
Evil Consumes the Thief

Tarnnin's eyes sunk deep into their sockets like trapped fish struggling in soft clay. His veins clogged, and the back pressure from the tainted vapor brought a crippling stiffness to his wings. His mouth went dry. He felt his tongue swell until he could not swallow. Gagging, he stuck his tongue from his mouth, and what little saliva remained strung downward out of his mouth from below his tongue. His chest ballooned, his heart squeezed, and he began to thrash and convulse. He was not certain how much he could take, yet the trauma of Evil's power being instilled within was strangely pleasing to him. His head jerked back. He gagged again and slobbered when his head violently flung forward, and disgorged remnants spewed from his mouth. The pressure that had built in his arteries released, his veins burst giving off a horrendous stench, and the seeping foul smoldering liquid grew thick. A black vapor rose from the substance and stained his wings. Smoke crawled across the ground and through the air, encircling his head as it crafted itself into a crown that danced with images of skeletal figures. The figures exploded; the ashen powder gathered together, separated, and entered his eye sockets. "Ahhhh! Ohhhh!" Tarnnin wrenched as the backs of his eyes burned in their sockets. He held tight to the Creation Block so the fall would be lessened if he passed out from Evil’s wicked coup. 
Bopper held his ears to drown out Tarnnin's torment but could not turn away from the sight. On the ledge, in a panic, he did not know what would happen or what he should do next. 
Tarnnin’s misery brought him to the point of collapse, and he fell like a rag doll to the floor. He remained conscious throughout the entire process. Evil took its time burning his organs from the inside out. He gasped for breath several times. His breathing became shallow. He lay for several minutes without any signs of recovering.
When all went silent, Bopper crept through the air but darted back to the ledge when Tarnnin gave a raging gasp as if being dead and coming back to life. Tarnnin’s eyes opened and he looked around. Still panting, he pushed himself up slowly into a sitting position. He rolled his head to loosen the stiffness in his neck. His tongue had returned to normal size, but his mouth was still dry. 
Bopper hovered near Tarnnin. “Are you all right?" Tarnnin did not answer; he pulled himself to his feet and continued reading the scribblings:
 
“With this Evil comes assistance. 
The thief will be given things 
that are specific to the journey 
to overthrow SUL.” 

Bopper involuntarily shot through the air and came to a severe halt high above the Creation Block, face up. He felt his wings slam into the block's surface when he was dropped. He could not move, as parts of him were imaginatively pinned like an insect in a display case. Rays shot from his eyes, his mouth, and the tips of his flattened wings. The rays came to a point, and a hologram appeared above the apex. 
Tarnnin turned bluish gray as he chilled to the verge of hypothermia. His body stiffened, and he was magically covered in ice. His head froze in the direction of the hologram. With his eyes unable to blink, his vision locked on the hologram. He distinctly heard SUL's voice begin to recite the next portion of the scribblings.
   
“There is one who will serve as the thief's general; 
he is a changeling whose name is Lucasphair. 
Lucasphair shall control the grumners; 
wicked imps shall follow at their feet. 
When pierced where a heart should be, 
Lucasphair will turn to dust. 
When Lucasphair goes to dust, 
the imps and grumners will follow suit. 
The dust shall find its way back 
to the thief's dwelling to be restored. 
But each time they are turned to dust, 
they will take longer to restore. 
Lucasphair, the imps, and the grumners 
are now at your dwelling 
waiting for you–the thief.” 

The hologram ended at SUL's last word. Tarnnin's neck cracked when the ice began to break from his body. Frosty shavings flew when he snapped his head around to look for SUL, but he saw no one. Looking down, he noticed he was standing in a pool of melted ice.
Bopper was lifted by an unseen force. He levitated above the Creation Block then dropped to the tabletop, just missing the hidden scribblings. When he hit, his breath was knocked out of him, and his tiny lungs stung until he was able to breathe normally. He crawled with exaggerated drama to get out of Tarnnin's way. Bopper was shocked to hear silent words come to him from SUL. “Bopper, I have recognized your service, and you shall be rewarded greatly. Tarnnin does not hold the power to harm you.” He was humbled that SUL had remembered him by name.
Tarnnin inhaled with a new-found confidence, and he flourished with arrogance. To him, the power he felt made him feel better than he ever had, even better than at creation. He read the final section of the hidden scribblings: 

“You will find a scepter inside the torch's stem. 
This scepter represents complete malignity. 
It is foul in appearance to those who do not serve Evil; 
it is wondrous to those who do. 
The scepter holds dirty magic.
It has only one purpose–to restore 
Lucasphair, the grumners, and imps 
upon their return to the thief's dwelling. 
May you, the thief, always be mindful that 
dirty magic comes with consequences. 
Every time you release the dirty magic 
from the scepter to restore Lucasphair and the others,
 a portion of wisdom and strength 
shall be given to the warriors of Good.
And in addition, it shall increase My magical powers,
which I have set aside for battle.”

Accepting only the parts that appealed to him, Tarnnin ignored the truths of dirty magic's harsh consequences.
Now aware that SUL would protect him from Tarnnin, Bopper maintained his cocky attitude, as that is what Tarnnin would be expecting. When Bopper felt he had crawled far enough, he pushed himself up with his hands, rolled over, took a seat on the corner of the Creation Block, held his head, and moaned with overstated exuberance.   
Tarnnin grabbed for the torch to find the scepter and unintentionally knocked Bopper off balance. Bopper almost hit the floor. He faked damaged wings, making certain Tarnnin saw his performance.
After a few failed attempts to open the torch, Tarnnin started gnawing at its base. Bopper flew up from the floor with exaggerated restraint. He spoke as loud as he could, “Stop your chewing. You're wasting your time. Twist it in the middle. The middle.” 
Tarnnin looked at Bopper then back at the torch. He saw a small hairline ring and pointed at it while looking back at Bopper for confirmation. Bopper staged a rough landing on the Creation Block and nodded. Tarnnin gave a twist at the torch’s seam, the stem broke in half, and the flame on the torch's top half extinguished. The only remaining light was from the few sparkles that Bopper was making as he walked across the block. Tarnnin separated the two halves and slid the scepter of Evil from inside. Orange flames swirled inside a glass globe at the top of the scepter. Still denying his fate, Tarnnin shouted, "Why does SUL call me a thief? I was destined to find this scepter and rule the land. Let another come to steal the hidden scribblings, and let it be known, that one is the thief of whom SUL speaks." 
Tarnnin looked at Bopper. “You are free to go. I'm not going to eat you. And I need you not to be by my side continually, but you'd better be there when I call. And you'd better not speak of this to anyone. Understood?” 
“Only when you call for me will I be there for you. My lips are sealed.” Bopper made a zip action across his lips, fled as fast as he could, bumping off the walls, staggering in flight (continuing his act for Tarnnin’s sake) to the foyer and out the door. He vanished into his new surroundings. He had played Tarnnin perfectly and was heading to tell his fellow Sprites everything.


LUCASPHAIR

Tarnnin had planned to return the hidden scribblings to their hiding place to be discovered by the real thief who should suffer the fate SUL had prophesied. But before he could reach them, they melted into the Creation Block, their words permanently embedded in the top. "Bah! The real thief can read them from there." 
The tree's door closed and sealed upon Tarnnin's exit. The vines and bark returned and camouflaged the stony door. The curly-horned mardots snapped a couple of equinarchs that Tarnnin had stirred, crunching them in their mossy teeth. They spit out the wings and, like always, the equinarchs grew back from the spewed wings and flew away.
Back in the Valley of Villages, SUL took a seat in front of the fireplace in His cottage. For the first time He experienced a feeling of doubt regarding His prophecies.
Tarnnin arrived back at his lair. He sat in his chair by the bed, holding the scepter and pondering the event. A cold damp hand came to rest on his shoulder.
“Hello my friend. I've been waiting for your return,” said Lucasphair.
The corners of Tarnnin's mouth turned up in a haughty snarl.

CONTINUED IN HIDDEN EARTH Volume I Maycly, ebook Part Two “The Battle of Trust and Treachery”


EXTRAS

IONA'S FAMILY TREE
Iona Younger Snapp
Born 26 February, Bee Creek, Midland Terrain
Daughter of 
Leonard Younger and Ann Tuttley Younger

Leonard Younger
Born 8 April, Bee Creek, Midland Terrain
Son of 
Lee Younger and Alverta Pettigrau Younger

Ann Tuttley Younger
Born 13 April, Bee Creek, Midland Terrain 
Daughter of 
Lawrence Tuttley and Hilda St. John Tuttley

Lee Younger
Born 2 June, Farmersville, Midland Terrain 
Son of 
Carl Younger and Birdie James Younger

Alverta Pettigrau Younger
Born 3 March, Farmersville, Midland Terrain
Daughter of 
Buford Pettigrau and Trudy O’Mallory Pettigrau

Lawrence Tuttley
Born 20 May, Famersville, Midland Terrain
Son of 
Henry Tuttley and Gertie Downs Tuttley

Hilda St. John Tuttley
Born 22 September, Farmersville, Midland Terrain
Daughter of 
Edgar St. John and Iva Brannigann St. John

Carl Younger
Born 8 September, Cowepen, Midland Terrain
Son of 
Sam Younger: Born 29 August, Bugg’s Landing, Midland Terrain 
Sweetie Younger: Born 12 May, Bugg’s Landing, Midland Terrain

Birdie James Younger
Born 17 July, Cowepen, Midland Terrain
Daughter of 
Herger James: Born 1 December, Bugg’s Landing, Midland Terrain 
Olive James: Born 10 March, Bugg’s Landing, Midland Terrain

Henry Tuttley
Born 22 October, Fair’s Towne, Midland Terrain
Son of 
Ike Tuttley: Born 22 November, Hopscotch, Midland Terrain
Miriam Tuttley: Born 18 October, Hopscotch, Midland Terrain

Gertie Downs Tuttley
Born 17 January, Fair’s Towne, Midland Terrain
Daughter of 
Mack Downs: Born 4 February, Hopscotch, Midland Terrain
Jocelyn Gertie Downs: Born 7 June, Hopscotch, Midland Terrain

Buford Pettigrau
Born 14 February, Cowepen, Midland Terrain
Son of 
Gaybe Pettigrau: Born 19 February, Plushrock, Blarney Terrain
Maybell Pettigrau: Born 3 May, Plushrock, Blarney Terrain

Trudy O’Mallory Pettigrau
Born 1 July, Cowepen, Midland Terrain
Daughter of 
Briggsby O’Mallory: Born 20 September, Plushrock, Blarney Terrain
Bonnie O’Mallory: Born 18 November, Plushrock, Blarney Terrain

Edgar St. John
Born 11 November, Fair’s Towne, Midland Terrain
Son of 
William St. John: Born 20 December, Greensborough, Blarney Terrain
Margaretta St. John: Born 17 February, Greensborough, Blarney Terrain

Iva Branningann St. John
Born 25 December, Fair’s Towne, Midland Terrain
Daughter of
Shemmly Branningann: Born 30 August, Greensborough, Blarney Terrain
Kateryn Brannigann: Born 2 November, Greensborough, Blarney Terrain



COLE'S FAMILY TREE
Cole Snapp
Born 18 April, Bee Creek, Midland Terrain
Son of 
Dwayne Snapp and Doloriss Cottons Snapp

Dwayne Snapp
Born 18 May, Bee Creek, Midland Terrain
Son of 
Arthur Snapp and Velrose Raerrah Snapp

Doloriss Cottons Snapp
Born 13 August, Bee Creek, Midland Terrain
Daughter of 
Fergus Cottons and Sweenee Maffwell Cottons

Arthur Snapp
Born 15 January, Chimney Topps, Midland Terrain
Son of 
Dwayne Arthur Snapp and Carolle Zindersal Snapp

Velrose Raerrah Snapp
Born 23 April, Chimney Topps, Midland Terrain
Daughter of 
Rigsby Raerrah and Octavia Grusher Raerrah

Fergus Cottons
Born 3 November, Sugarsands, Coastal Terrain
Son of 
Butch Cottons and Betsy Nauduroy Cottons

Sweenee Maffwell Cottons
Born 9 October, Sugarsands, Coastal Terrain
Daughter of 
Nicholas Maffwell and Mazy Heggery Maffwell

Dwayne Arthur Snapp
Born 22 June, River Drop, Mountain Terrain
Son of 
Bentley Snapp: Born 22 January, Stately Gardens, Foggy Terrain
Prista Snapp: Born 30 April, Stately Gardens, Foggy Terrain

Carolle Zindersal Snapp
Born 26 January, River Drop, Mountain Terrain
Daughter of
Shaunz Zindersal: Born 8 July, Tall Castles, Beirgarten Terrain
Helgie Zindersal: Born 5 May, Tall Castles, Beirgarten Terrain

Rigsby Raerrah
Born 1 June, Farmersville, Midland Terrain
Son of 
James Raerrah: Born 3 August, Turtle’s Nest, Island Terrain
Bimmanee Raerrah: Born 14 May, Turtle’s Nest, Island Terrain

Octavia Grusher Raerrah
Born 15 August, Famersville, Midland Terrain
Daughter of
Wilson Grusher: Born 9 December, Brigbrag, Midland Terrain
Elsa Grusher: Born 4 September, Brigbrag, Midland Terrain

Butch Cottons
Born 9 March, Bee Creek, Midland Terrain
Son of
Benson Cottons: Born 3 October, Coal Miner’s Wealth, Midland Terrain
Patsy Cottons: Born 19 April, Coal Miner’s Wealth, Midland Terrain

Betsy Nauduroy Cottons
Born 17 February, Bee Creek, Midland Terrain
Daughter of
Vincent Nauduroy: Born 11 October, Dillingham Heights, Foggy Terrain
Marguerete Nauduroy: Born 26 May, Dillingham Heights, Foggy Terrain

Nicholas Maffwell
Born 3 October, Pickle Town, Midland Terrain
Son of
Rutherford Maffwell: Born 29 February, Lamb’s Wool Gut, Mountain Terrain
Elizabeth Maffwell: Born 3 March, Lamb’s Wool Gut, Mountain Terrain

Mazy Heggery Maffwell
Born 23 July, Pickle Town, Midland Terrain
Daughter of
Mumford Heggery: Born 31 October, Highland Cattle Crest, Emerald Terrain
Ruthie Heggery: Born 19 December, Highland Cattle Crest, Emerald Terrain


BONUS RECIPE
from Tales & Tall Ones, a restaurant on Maycly 

Pub Pete's Famous Green Chili
2 lbs tomatillos, brown cover removed, washed, and quartered
3 bell peppers, ribs and seeds removed, coarsely chopped
1 bunch cilantro, chopped
8 green onions, chopped (green parts included)
6 (4 oz) cans diced green chilies
4 tsps cumin
4 tsps dried oregano
cayenne pepper to taste (optional)
8 cloves garlic, peeled and minced
4 cups water (or 2 cups water and 2 cups vegetable broth)
salt and black pepper to taste
4 (15-oz) cans small white beans
Sour cream
Chopped chives

Place first 10 ingredients in a large stew pot and let cook, stirring occasionally, until the tomatillos are completely broken down and the mixture thickens.  Add the beans, salt, and black pepper to the thickened mixture and heat through. Garnish each bowl of chili with a dollop of sour cream and a sprinkle of chives. Serve with cornbread or corn chips and salsa. 
On Earth, you may want to add a pound-and-a-half of ground turkey or pork, cooked and crumbled. For more color, you can substitute red kidney beans (dark or light or 2 cans of each) for the white beans.

This recipe is from the HIDDEN EARTH Volume 1 Maycly the Trilogy companion cookbook, More than Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup, which contains menus and recipes from five of the restaurants on Maycly, along with each restaurant's history and a multitude of captioned photos and drawings. All of the recipes can be made and eaten right here on Earth! Available at  http://www.AuthorJanetBeasley.com

Would you like to learn more about the characters, dwellings, flora, and fauna on Maycly? You can find in-depth descriptions and other information in the HIDDEN EARTH Volume I Maycly companion book, The Chukkons Say, "Ye Need ta Be a-Seein' Maycly." The book, in FULL COLOR with FULL-SIZED ILLUSTRATIONS, is available at http://www.AuthorJanetBeasley.com

